NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- While many now recognize the scientific explanation for a solar eclipse , the phenomenon is still marked with tradition and sometimes suspicion in Hindu-majority India . People test the "  sky watching telescope " at the Gujarat Council of Science City in India . The "  exceptionally long " eclipse that will cross half the planet Wednesday will be able to be seen by virtually all of the population of China and India . For beggars in India , the occasion means an extra day of receiving alms and food . The panhandler in Sandeep Jaggi 's neighborhood normally visits the block every week on Tuesdays and Saturdays , as well as the days of a new and full moon . And because his patrons mark an eclipse with alms-giving , prayers and bathing , he rarely misses the chance to meet them on this day as well . "  It 's a family tradition and I follow it , " says 34-year-old Jaggi . He will fill the beggar 's small steel pail with mustard oil and coins and his disheveled sash with lentils . For others in the country , the eclipse is not a reason to celebrate , but a more ominous phenomenon . Send us your photos of the eclipse Most pregnant women hope to avoid giving birth during an eclipse . "  None of the expectant mothers under my treatment are willing to have deliveries on Wednesday , " Shivani Sachdev Gour , a gynecologist at New Delhi 's Fortis La Femme hospital , told CNN . In fact , there are critically ill patients who do not want to be in the hospital on the day of the eclipse , she said . Indian astrologers even advise expectant mothers to stay indoors when this celestial event occurs . "  It may not cause any physical harm to the baby , but it may affect the child 's overall personality , " said R.K. Sharma , who describes himself as a "  remedial astrologer . " A solar eclipse , he says , weakens the sun god temporarily because of an encounter with dragon Rahu and leaves some cascading results everywhere . "  Bathing in holy rivers and ponds during this time thus helps protect health and develop positivism and greater will power , " he explained . About 1.5 million people are expected at one such pond -- the Brahmsarovar , or the pool of Hindu god Brahma -- in northern India on Wednesday . "  They offer prayers to the sun god and take holy dips during an eclipse , " said Ashok Kumar Bansal , the sub-divisional magistrate of Kurukshetra , an ancient Hindu city . But the century 's longest total solar eclipse is not just about the dragon-sun combat , it also means business for some . Travel firms in India have plans in place to cash in on the phenomenon . Cox and Kings India has a planeload of eclipse watchers heading for the eastern state of Bihar , one of the most preferred locations for sighting the event . The plane will hover over Gaya in Bihar and return to New Delhi the same day , company spokesman Thomas C. Thottathil told CNN . Passengers were given two options : to book a "  sunside " seat facing the eclipse for about $ 1,640 , or reserve an "  earthside " seat for about $ 610 , Thottathil added . "  And it 's a sold out flight now ! " he said .	Solar eclipse marked with tradition and often suspicion in Hindu-majority India Most pregnant women in India hope to avoid giving birth during eclipse Some critically ill patients do not want to be in hospital on day of eclipse Astrologer : Eclipse weakens sun god because of encounter with dragon Rahu
CNN  -- A special court in Kenya has been initiated to hear maritime piracy cases , the U.N. Office of Drugs and Crime said Friday . The court , opened on Thursday in Mombasa , was built by the U.N. office 's Counter-Piracy Program with contributions from Australia , Canada , the European Union , Germany and the United States . "  With Kenya having taken on the largest number of suspected pirates for prosecution in the region -- 123 to date -- the new court in Mombasa is intended to increase trial efficiency in the system and provide a secure , modern environment suitable for piracy cases , " the U.N. office said . Piracy has plagued the seas off the coast of eastern Africa . "  Kenya has taken on a heavy burden in dealing with a crime that affects the entire international community , " said John Sandage , office-in-charge of UNODC 's division of treaty affairs .	Court focusing on maritime piracy opens in Mombasa U.N. builds court with international contributions Kenya taking on "  heavy burden " in dealing with piracy
CNN  -- Israel 's President Shimon Peres has pointed a finger at Iran over the carnage in Syria , labeling the Iranian-backed Shiite militant group Hezbollah as "  the main killer " in the war-ravaged country . Speaking to CNN 's Richard Quest at the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland , Peres questioned the authenticity of Iranian President Hassan Rouhani 's stated desire for peace in Syria , given its support for the militia . "  The President  Rouhani  spoke really movingly about Syria , about the killing of the dead , " he said . "  But who 's killing ? The main killer today in Syria is Hezbollah -- who is supporting Hezbollah , who is financing Hezbollah , who is sending them out ? " Earlier at Davos , Rouhani had urged an end to the Syrian conflict , arguing that elections were the key to resolving the issue . READ MORE : Rouhani : ` Sanctions against Iran are illegal ' Peres was also asked whether the United States and other powers were being "  pulled along in a game " in relation to a landmark deal intended to curb Iran 's nuclear program , following the Iranian Foreign Minister 's recent comments that the Obama administration had mischaracterized the Islamic republic 's concessions . "  No , " replied Peres . "  I say they have difficulties too , but I think President Obama is serious about  the deal  , because he knows the outcome if they were to stop it at the moment . It may turn the Middle East into a nuclear region . It 's  already  complicated  enough  . " Despite the tensions between Israel and Iran , Peres said he was still open to meeting with Rouhani should the opportunity arise . "  The Iranians are not our enemies historically . We do n't have a joint border -- I do n't see any reason why we should have a conflict , " he said . "  The problem with Rouhani is his positions ... But if he really  does  what they  say they will do  , why not ? " OPINION : Rouhani ` must avoid getting wings clipped '	Israeli President Shimon Peres says Hezbollah responsible for much Syrian carnage He says the deal to curb Iran 's nuclear program is crucial Despite tensions , he says he would still be prepared to meet with Rouhani
CNN  -- Rolling Stones guitarist Ronnie Wood was released on bail Thursday after being arrested on suspicion of domestic assault . The 62-year-old was arrested near his home in southern England on Wednesday and spent the night in police custody before being released . "  I can confirm that there was an incident last night and that Ronnie Wood was arrested , " a spokesman for the musician said , adding that he did not have any further details . As the case is under investigation , police have said little . They have not stated who filed the assault complaint . Wood will face police questioning again in January . The assault charge follows Wood 's highly publicized divorce last month from his wife of 24 years , Jo , on grounds of adultery . The divorce settlement set Wood back an estimated # 6.5 million  $ 10.7 million  . He and Jo have two children . Wood has reportedly been dating a 20-year-old Russian cocktail waitress , Ekaterina Ivanova , for a year .	Rolling Stones guitarist Ronnie Wood arrested Wednesday , accused of assault Wood has since been released on bail Incident follows high-profile divorce from wife Jo last month on grounds of adultery Wood has reportedly been dating 20-year-old woman for a year
CNN  -- At least 37 people , including 26 civilians and some Syrian soldiers , were killed in a car bombing Sunday at a checkpoint on the outskirts of Hama , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and state media said . SANA , a Syrian-run news agency , said the death toll could rise because at least 10 more people were seriously wounded . A suicide bomber detonated more than a ton of explosives in a truck on a busy street near a farm machinery company , SANA said . More than 20 vehicles and some homes and stores were damaged , it reported . Meanwhile , clashes between the Syrian military and rebel brigades continue to rage on the eastern outskirts of the government-held city , the London-based Syrian opposition group said . Lebanese hostages released after 17 months Another opposition group , the Local Coordination Committees in Syria , reported at least 15 killings in other parts of the country . Eight people were killed in Damascus and its suburbs , six in Aleppo province and one in Homs province . According to the United Nations , well over 100,000 people have died in the Syrian conflict , which began in March 2011 when government forces cracked down on peaceful protesters . Arab League Secretary-General Nabil Elaraby said Sunday in Cairo that peace talks were scheduled for November 23 in Geneva , Switzerland , but the date is not firm . "  There are many arrangements to be made and many difficulties which must be overcome to make this conference possible , " he said . The proposed conference between Syrian government officials and opposition leaders , intended to broker an end to the country 's civil war , has been delayed several times . Syria 's deputy prime minister said Thursday that the "  presumed dates " had been agreed to during a conference in the Russian Foreign Ministry . U.N. envoy Lakhdar Brahimi said Sunday that he plans to meet with Russian and U.S. officials as well other representatives of the U.N. Security Council to finalize details . He also stressed that no meeting could be held without a "  convincing opposition that represents Syria 's opposition population . " The U.N. humanitarian chief called on Saturday for a cease-fire in Moadamiyeh in the rural Damascus region so aid workers could evacuate thousands of civilians trapped in the conflict . "  The humanitarian community has stressed time and time again that people must not be denied life-saving help and that the fighting has to stop , " Valerie Amos , under-secretary-general for humanitarian affairs , said in a statement . Aid groups have been barred from Moadamiyeh for months , she said . Outbreak of polio suspected in Syria "  I call on all parties to agree  to  an immediate pause in hostilities in Moadamiyeh to allow humanitarian agencies unhindered access to evacuate the remaining civilians and deliver lifesaving treatment and supplies in areas where fighting and shelling is ongoing , " said Amos , who is also the U.N. emergency relief coordinator . Thousands of families are trapped elsewhere in Syria , including in Nubil , Zahra , old Aleppo town , old Homs town and Hassakeh , she said .	NEW : Opposition group says 37 people died in the bombing Suicide bombing occurred near a farm machinery company in Hama , state media says Officials set tentative day for peace talks between government , rebels Fighting rages across Syria on Sunday
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- The alleged chief of an al Qaeda-affiliated jihadist group who was arrested by Lebanese authorities this week has died in custody , the Lebanese army said Saturday . The Lebanese army issued a statement "  confirming the death of detainee Majed Al-Majed this morning at the central military hospital after deterioration in his health . " A Saudi national , Al-Majed is accused of heading the Abdullah Azzam Brigades , a Sunni jihadist group that has claimed responsibility for several bombings . News of his death , which comes only a day after the Lebanese army announced his arrest , has prompted questions in Lebanon over exactly what happened . No details of his health issues have yet been released . Al-Majed was captured a few days ago by Lebanese army intelligence agents , Lebanon 's state-run National news Agency said . The army said Friday that Al-Majed , whose identity was confirmed by DNA testing , had been on Saudi Arabia 's most wanted list since 2009 . The Abdullah Azzam Brigades recently took responsibility for a pair of suicide bombings targeting the Iranian Embassy in Beirut that left more than 20 people dead . The group warned that more attacks would come unless Hezbollah , a Lebanese-based , Iranian-backed Shiite militia , stopped sending fighters to support Syrian regime forces . The Abdullah Azzam Brigades has previously claimed responsibility for a failed attack on U.S. warships docked in Jordan and for bombings of Egyptian beach resorts in 2004 and 2005 that killed more than 100 people . The United States declared it a terrorist group in 2012 , saying it was responsible for a 2010 attack on a Japanese-owned oil tanker in the Strait of Hormuz and had expressed interest in attacking Western interests in the Middle East . The group formed in the Palestinian refugee camps in Lebanon and has battled Lebanese government troops before . U.S. to Americans in Lebanon : ` Exercise extreme caution ' CNN 's Nada Husseini contributed to this report .	Detainee Majed Al-Majed died after his health deteriorated , Lebanon 's army says The Saudi national was detained by the Lebanese army in the past few days He was the alleged head of an al Qaeda-affiliated jihadist group , the Abdullah Azzam Brigades The group has claimed responsibility for attacks in Lebanon , Egypt and Jordan
German leaders are furious with Greece . Yet again they have to go back to their electorates asking for more billions to throw down the black hole that is the Hellenic Republic . They have now become so angry that they are even openly proposing that Greece 's fiscal affairs be deferred to some European Commissioner , preferably one of a Teutonic disposition . Greek leaders , meanwhile , have seized upon this German "  transgression " with glee . For it offers them a wonderful excuse to put on domestic display their patriotic fervor at a time when they are running low on legitimacy in the eyes of a battered , demoralized electorate . Beating their chests about the German threat to Greece 's national sovereignty , they are hoping that the Greeks will somehow forget that it was they , their leaders , who ceded sovereignty to the so-called troika of the European Commission , the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank . This is a typical case of a shady coalition of vested interests that is disintegrating under the weight of its collective hubris . For the past 18 months , German and Greek leaders have been working together to deny the truth about three simultaneous bankruptcies : The irreversible bankruptcy of the Greek state , the effective insolvency of many Franco-German banks , and , last but not least , the unsustainability of the euro-system as we know it . To keep these truths from surfacing , German and Greek politicians , each for their own purposes , settled on gigantic loans for Greece that would act as plaster on the festering wounds of the aforementioned bankruptcies . But to get these "  historic " loans through the parliaments of Berlin and Athens , they had to be portrayed as a form of humanism ; as German solidarity to the Greek people . Alas , to extend such "  solidarity , " German lawmakers demanded subsidiarity ; which is euro-speak for the recipient agreeing to a tough reform agenda , complete with strict fiscal targets . In plain language , the huge loans would only be granted if similarly lofty promises were made by the Greek government . Thus , German leaders , unwilling to confront their bankers and the fault lines developing throughout the eurozone , pretended to believe that the problem was Greece and that Greece could be "  cured " by means of loans and austerity . At the same time , Greek leaders , unwilling to confront their electorate , pretended to believe that they could deliver the targets demanded by Germany . Of course , it was only a matter of time before reality caught up with both sets of leaders . Once it became abundantly clear that the targets Greece had committed to were well and truly unrealistic , the coalition between our German and Greek leaders became testy . The knives are out and , if it were not for an equilibrium of terror at the thought of a euro-system collapse , a disorderly brawl would be plain for all to see . The worst part of this sad saga is that public debate is still failing to keep track with the real issues . Instead of coming to terms with the structural imbalances within the eurozone , the Germans accuse the Greeks of incompetence , corruption and a singular failure to meet "  their " targets . The Greeks , meanwhile , are replying with references to World War II and yelps of horror at the prospect of violations of national sovereignty . Neither side is willing to admit that the whole rescue package was flawed from the outset . No serious consideration is given to the plain facts : • That the cascade of insolvencies in the eurozone should never have been treated like liquidity problems fixable by loans to the bankrupt banks and states . • That it is always a terrible idea to make large loans to an already shrinking economy conditional on further reduction in the national income from which these loans must be repaid  for this is precisely what hefty austerity measures in the middle of a recession achieve  . • That Greece 's agreed targets would be equivalent to my promising , perhaps under duress , to break the world 100-meter sprint record in the forthcoming London Olympics . The punishment of any big lie is its revelation . Unfortunately , we are not there yet . The preordained failure of the Greek "  program " has not yet exposed our leaders ' connivance . It is , instead , generating Teutonic wrath among the hard working Germans  whose living standards have been under constant pressure for a decade , and who are now told they must guarantee even more zillions for the Greek state  and unbearable Sisyphean pain for Greeks caught up in a vicious cycle  from which no amount of hard work or innovative thinking can help them escape  . Something must give . If it is not our leaders ' insidious lie , it will be the eurozone . It 's that simple .	German and Greek politicians are at odds over who should control Greece 's budget Greek political economist Yanis Varoufakis says both are guilty of failing to grasp the real problem Varoufakis says both countries mislead voters in agreeing an unsustainable rescue package for Greece
CNN  -- A man died after his car plunged 600 feet off the edge of the Grand Canyon 's South Rim , authorities said Tuesday . About 5 million people visit the Grand Canyon in Arizona each year . The Arizona park 's regional communications center received several reports of a car driving off the edge about 6 a.m. Monday , according to a written statement . "  Upon arriving at the scene , investigators found tire tracks leading to the edge behind the Thunderbird Lodge and received reports of a single occupant in a blue passenger car driving over the edge , " the statement said . Rescue personnel descended on ropes and found the vehicle about 600 feet into the canyon . The man 's body was recovered shortly afterward , the statement said . The incident occurred near the El Tovar hotel in a village on the canyon 's South Rim , park spokeswoman Shannan Marcak said . Authorities have not ruled the death a suicide , she said . "  It has not been ruled anything at this time . " The statement said the National Park Service is investigating . Typically , Marcak said , such investigations take at least a few days . The man has not been identified , she said . Marcak said that within the past five years , she knows of only one other time a car was driven off the edge of the canyon . The Monday statement said plans were being made to retrieve the vehicle and the body . The Grand Canyon , a world famous landmark , receives close to 5 million visitors yearly , according to the National Park Service Web site .	Reports say car drove off South Rim of canyon about 6 a.m. Monday Incident occurred near El Tovar hotel in village National Park Service is investigating Officials are n't sure that incident is a suicide
New Orleans  CNN  -- A titanic courtroom showdown with billions of dollars in the balance opened in New Orleans on Monday , with oil giant BP arguing it should n't face the government 's steepest penalties for the 2010 Gulf oil spill . BP already pleaded guilty to criminal charges and agreed to a record-setting $ 4 billion fine for the spill . But it could face more than $ 20 billion in additional environmental penalties if found to have committed gross negligence in the disaster . In a packed federal courtroom Monday afternoon , BP attorney Mike Brock said blame for the disaster was n't the oil company 's alone . A string of bad decisions by Transocean , the company that owned the doomed drill rig Deepwater Horizon ; well cement contractor Halliburton ; and BP all led to the blowout , he said . "  We do not believe that men and women of BP behaved in willful misconduct , " Brock said . "  It was a multiparty event . " But Halliburton attorney Don Godwin said BP ignored the contractor 's recommendations about the cement job and that Transocean did n't move fast enough to contain the blowout . Transocean settled with the government last week for $ 1 billion in Clean Water Act penalties but could face additional additional liability in the case that started Monday . Transocean lawyer Brad Brian said that last week 's settlement was not an admission of gross negligence and that last-minute changes to the well design by BP had the rig 's crew "  at wits ' end " before the disaster . All three companies have been pointing fingers at each other since the April 20 , 2010 , blowout that sank the Deepwater Horizon , killed 11 men aboard and uncapped an undersea gusher that spewed for nearly three months . The spill 's effects on the environment are still being cataloged . The plaintiffs in the civil case that opened Monday include five Gulf states , individuals , businesses and the federal government . "  Evidence will show BP placed huge financial pressure to cut costs , cut corners , and rush the job , " attorney James P. Roy , who represents the coalition of plaintiffs , said during opening arguments on Monday . And Alabama Attorney General Luther Strange said the oil giant "  was blinded by their bottom line . " "  The spill was tragically inevitable due to BP 's corporate culture , " Strange said . "  The evidence will show that , at BP , money mattered most . " If it is found to have been "  grossly negligent " under the Clean Water Act , it could be fined as much as $ 4,300 per barrel of oil spilled into the Gulf of Mexico . If it 's found "  negligent , " the company could be fined about $ 1,100 per barrel . Attorneys will also likely square off over how much oil gushed into the gulf , another key figure that will be used to calculate how much money BP might owe . Officials have said 4.9 million barrels -- about 205 million gallons -- of oil spilled , while BP says that number is overblown and that authorities should use a maximum figure of 3.1 million barrels of oil when calculating the fine . The trial will also determine what fines the company faces under National Resource Damage Assessment , which aims to restore environmental damage caused by the spill . Environmental groups want to see those fines -- which will put a specific price tag on damage to plants and wildlife -- total around $ 25 billion . With so much money at stake , each side has brought an army of lawyers to the fight . With almost 60 lawyers filling the courtroom , the judge created a seating chart for all the attorneys . Lawyers representing the federal government and other plaintiffs sat on one side , while the BP lawyers and other companies ' lawyers sat across the room . Three overflow courtrooms were also packed on Monday . BP says it has already paid billions in spill-related cleanup and compensation costs and has been barred from new federal contracts . Though Halliburton and Transocean could also face penalties , much of the criticism from environmentalists before the high-profile trial has focused on BP , the undersea well 's owner . "  The damage done here is real , both to the environment and to the people , " said Brian Moore , of the National Audubon Society . "  And BP should not have the chance to get off cheaply on this . " In his statement before the trial began , BP General Counsel Rupert Bondy said the company would push for the court to consider lower penalties , arguing that BP made efforts to do the right thing and "  immediately stepped up " and acknowledged its role in the spill . "  To date we 've spent more than $ 23 billion in response , cleanup , and payments on claims by individuals , businesses and governments , " he said . "  No company has done more , faster , to meet its commitment to economic and environmental restoration efforts in the wake of an industrial accident . " CNN 's Vivian Kuo and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : The Gulf oil spill was "  a multiparty event , " BP lawyer argues Billions of dollars are at stake as a judge weighs negligence and financial penalties BP is fighting to limit fines , while the company 's critics hope to see a landmark punishment A judge will weigh whether BP was grossly negligent and determine how much it owes
Only about one in 10 workers who lose their job opt to keep their employer-sponsored health insurance through the safety-net program COBRA , most likely because the premiums are too expensive , according to an analysis released Friday by the Commonwealth Fund , a private foundation that supports independent research on health care issues . Only about one in 10 workers who lose their job opt to keep their insurance through the COBRA program . Experts worry that the highest unemployment rate in 16 years , combined with a health care system dependent on employer-sponsored health insurance , is a recipe for disaster , and will swell the ranks of the uninsured particularly if people are n't using COBRA . About 46 million people in the United States  18 percent of those under 65  lacked health insurance in 2007 . Health.com : Laid off ? The healthiest ways to spend your time The new report is based on a 2007 survey of 3,501 people . The researchers found that two-thirds of workers , if they were laid off , would be eligible for COBRA . Data from 2006 data suggest that only 9 percent would opt into the program . Health care insurance premiums have risen since then , so it 's likely that the problem is getting worse not better , they say . "  The affordability issue gets worse every year , that 's the big concern , " says Meredith Rosenthal , PhD. , an associate professor of health economics and policy at the Harvard School of Public Health , who was not involved in the study . "  Of course -LSB- some people can -RSB- still get an offer of coverage through a spouse , but we 're still talking about very , very serious increases in the number of uninsured . " Health.com : Natural cold and flu remedies COBRA  Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act  was passed in 1985 to allow laid-off workers to continue their health insurance if they lose their job .  COBRA only covers workers in companies that offer health insurance , have 20 or more employees , and are still in business . But there 's a catch . Most employers pick up 75 percent to 85 percent of the tab for their workers ' health insurance , and once a person has been laid off , the entire bill falls on the ex-employee 's shoulders . That means that health insurance costs dramatically escalate at a time when people have little or no money to burn . The Commonwealth Fund estimates that the cost of COBRA is four to six times higher than what people pay when they are employed ; $ 4,704 per year for an individual and $ 12,680 for a family . Health.com : Live healthy for way less Erin McCullar , 26 , of Birmingham , Alabama , has type 1 diabetes and was laid off from her job as an interior designer in October . At the time , she did n't sign up for COBRA , a decision she now seriously regrets . Overwhelmed , she did n't realize she had a 60 days to sign up for the program and missed the deadline by a couple of days . "  On the day I got laid off I got a packet slapped in front of my face and that was it , " she says . "  I was just totally in the dark . " She quickly found out that she could n't get health insurance that would cover her type 1 diabetes , at least without a six-month or year-long waiting period , because it is considered a preexisting condition . She stockpiled a six-month supply of lifesaving insulin in the two-week period before she lost her job , but since then has scrimped on the drug to make it last longer . At one point , she even disconnected her pump , which delivers a continuous dose of insulin , for about three weeks . She used only a couple of insulin injections in that time to control high blood sugar , a potentially serious threat to her health . Even if she did sign up , she 's not sure she could afford the premiums , which would have cost about $ 8,000 a year . Health.com : Healthy meals for under $ 10 "  Ultimately , yes , I need it , but cost did factor into it , " she says . "  I do n't know that I would have been able to keep up my payments because I was barely able to keep up on my rent . " Cost is clearly a major issue for most laid-off workers , says Karen Davis , president of the Commonwealth Fund . Only 3 percent of workers near the poverty level who are eligible for COBRA opt to keep their insurance , compared to 14 percent of workers who made more money before they lost their job . It 's a problem that "  is not going away , " says Davis , "  The Congressional Budget Office estimates that we 're going to go to 8.3 percent unemployed in 2009 and 9 percent in 2010 , " says Davis .  The unemployment rate was 7.2 percent in December . She notes that each percentage point increase in the unemployment rate leads to a 1.1 million increase in the number of uninsured . "  So it 's pretty urgent that the economic stimulus bill not only address the job situation , but address health insurance coverage too , " she says . While some laid-off workers may get health insurance coverage though a spouse or partner , their research suggests that only about 14 percent of people who are not eligible for COBRA could get coverage through a partner or some other source after losing their job , she says . Rosenthal and other experts hope that if there is a silver lining , it 's that there may be more political will to change the current health care coverage system . "  One of the biggest challenges to health care coverage reform has been that the status quo is okay for many people , particularly for many people who vote , " she says . "  If that is no longer true , and if the people who have coverage now are insecure enough , they may be willing to give up something to get coverage security . " McCullar just hopes she can get health insurance soon . "  It sounds just colossally stupid to not have heath insurance , but I luckily had enough vials and insulin so I 'm not near running out now , but I have to get health insurance in the near future , " she says . "  God forbid I had to go to the hospital during this ; that would be a nightmare . " Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	About 46 million people in the United States lacked health insurance in 2007 The new report is based on a 2007 survey of 3,501 people COBRA was passed in 1985 to allow laid-off workers to keep health insurance
CNN  -- The Obama administration issued guidelines Thursday to ensure children can enroll in public schools even if they or their parents are living illegally in the United States . The legal guidance from the Justice and Education departments allow school districts and states to ask for proof of students ' age or that they are residents in the jurisdictions where they attend school . But schools ca n't require proof of citizenship or block students if parents ca n't prove their legal residency . Attorney General Eric Holder said the legal guidance is in reaction to reports from around the country that some school districts have identification requirements that create hurdles for undocumented children to enroll in public schools , in violation of federal law . Holder cited a 1982 Supreme Court decision that ordered states to provide education to any child living in their jurisdiction . "  Public school districts have an obligation to enroll students regardless of immigration status and without discrimination on the basis of race , color , or national origin , " the attorney general said . Schools have to be flexible about the proof of residency they can ask of parents , the guidelines issued Thursday say . Administrators can ask for utility bills or apartment lease agreements to show a student lives in the district where they are attending school . They may ask for a parent 's driver 's license . But only to establish residency , not to determine legal immigration status , the guidelines say . They also may ask for legal certification to show a child 's age . But schools ca n't turn away students who ca n't provide a birth certificate or whose parents refuse to provide a Social Security number for the child or parent . The Obama administration issued legal guidance to states and school districts in 2011 , but some problems have persisted . "  We want to be sure every school leader understands the legal requirements under the Constitution and federal laws , and it is our hope that this update will address some of the misperceptions out there , " Education Secretary Arne Duncan said in a statement . The rules also are intended to help remove hurdles for children who are homeless and whose parents may not be able to prove their residency in a school district , the departments said . Deportations : Missing parents , scared kids	New legal guidance issued to school districts , states from Justice and Education departments Schools ca n't ask for proof of citizenship or block students if parents ca n't prove legal residency Obama administration issued guidance on the matter in 2011 , but problems persist
San Diego  CNN  -- Another Bush ? Another Clinton ? In reporting on the 2016 presidential campaign , much of the media will likely echo the theme that Barbara Bush set forth during a C-SPAN interview in January , in which the former first lady said that -- while she believed that her son , former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , was "  the best qualified person to run for president " -- Americans should widen the pool of applicants . "  I think this is a great American country , great country , and if we ca n't find more than two or three families to run for high office , that 's silly , " she said . Many Americans would seem to agree . There is even a new online petition that was launched this week urging Americans to take a stand against "  hereditary family rule . " The organizer is a liberal online activism group called RootsAction.org , which notes that in seven presidential elections in a row , spanning from 1980 to 2004 , there was a "  Bush " or a "  Clinton " on the presidential ticket of a major party . Organizers are worried that this trend is likely to start up again in 2016 . You 'll hear this sentiment a lot over the next year or so â $ " that Jeb 's biggest problem is "  Bush fatigue " and that electing Hillary Clinton means reliving "  the Clinton years . " Supposedly , the biggest liability for these potential candidates is the burden of their last names . That 's ridiculous . For these two likely presidential hopefuls , their names are the least of their worries . Here are the five more formidable obstacles that could keep Hillary Clinton and Jeb Bush away from the White House : -- The Elevator Pitch . Neither Hillary nor Jeb seems capable of explaining , clearly and succinctly , why she or he wants to be president . I do n't think they could do it if they had all day , let alone , as the saying goes , in the time it takes to complete an elevator ride . The same problem plagued Sen. Edward Kennedy , D-Massachusetts , in 1980 , and it crippled his insurrectionary bid against the incumbent president , Jimmy Carter . In the case of Hillary and Jeb , the answer ca n't simply be : "  Well , this is a family tradition . And it 's my turn . " We need to know why they want to be president , and why the country would be better off if they reached that goal . -- The "  EQ " Factor . Hillary is no Bill Clinton , and Jeb is no George W. Bush . Both the 42nd president and the 43rd had a special gift of being able to relate to voters . They were likable , and both genuinely seemed to enjoy being around people . They were polarizing figures , but the half of America that liked them did so intensely . They connected emotionally with voters by sharing stories , memories and values . You either have that ability , or you do n't . Neither Hillary nor Jeb has it . Either one would make a great president . But presidents are not appointed . They 're elected . Americans elect people to whom they can relate . And we 'll never know if we relate to you , if you do n't open up . -- The Happy Warrior . Americans want candidates who are sunny , optimistic and uplifting . Whether he is talking about immigration or economic development , Jeb Bush likes to use the word : "  aspirational . " He understands that Americans want a president who leads them not just forward , but also up . But he does n't practice what he preaches . He rarely looks happy when talking about running for president . The same goes for Hillary Clinton , who seems weary when the subject comes up , as if she has been carrying around for the last decade the enormous weight of breaking what her supporters like to call the "  ultimate glass ceiling . " These two do n't look "  aspirational . " They look anguished . -- The Fire . Running for president is a long and brutal journey and the folks who pull it off are the ones with a burning intensity inside of them . Excitement and confidence are contagious , and people respond to candidates who speak from the heart and have an emotional stake in the issues . Many Democrats are responding to the passion of Sen. Elizabeth Warren , D-Massachusetts , and they hope she runs for president . Many Republicans get excited by the likes of Sen. Rand Paul , R-Kentucky , or Sen. Ted Cruz , R-Texas . The most valuable weapon a candidate has is n't charisma , or experience , or a war chest . It 's passion . If you do n't have it , do n't bother running . It 's not clear that Hillary and Jeb have it . -- The Chore of Reconciliation . Getting elected president is about getting your base to fall in line even if they have n't fallen in love . For Hillary , the challenge is bringing together the "  Warren-istas " who like to go to war with the rich and the Wall Street business interests that get skittish when Democrats sing populist anthems . For Jeb , the heavy lift is uniting Tea Party radicals who have declared war against the GOP establishment with moderate voices that want a more inclusive party . It 's been said that you ca n't serve two masters . But , as Hillary and Jeb may be about to learn , it 's also true that you ca n't advance two narratives â $ " especially when they are at odds . The 2016 election will not be about last names . It 'll be about what elections are usually about : the candidates who are running and what kind of people they are . You ca n't spin that , or cover it up . It comes out in the end . And it goes a long way toward deciding who gets to the White House and who goes home empty-handed .	Ruben Navarrette : Aside from famous names , Bush , Clinton share a problem Neither Jeb nor Hillary can say succintly why they want to be president , he says They do n't connect with people on an emotional level as Bill Clinton , George W. Bush did , he says
CNN  -- An Illinois man was arrested in connection with the discovery of two hidden cameras found in a gym 's tanning salon . The cameras were found in two separate tanning rooms at Planet Fitness in Moline and reported to police on November 5th and 6th , Sgt. Sgt Kevin Cox told CNN . A police investigation led to the Friday arrest of 27-year-old Trent Hamer on charges of unauthorized videotaping . Hamer was released on $ 2,500 bond the following day , Cox said . Hamer was a member of the gym , not an employee , Planet Fitness spokeswoman McCall Gosselin said in an email . "  His membership has been terminated , " she said . "  At Planet Fitness , the safety and privacy of our members is extremely important to us . As such , the franchise owner is working very closely with the local authorities on this matter , and we appreciate their swift action in this case . " .	Hidden cameras found in two tanning rooms in Illinois gym Member of gym arrested on charges of unauthorized videotaping "  His membership has been terminated , " gym spokeswoman says
CNN  -- Pope Francis marked his first Good Friday as the head of the Roman Catholic Church , asking the faithful to follow Jesus ' lead . "  Christians must respond to evil with good , taking the cross upon themselves as Jesus did , " Francis said at a nighttime ceremony marking the Stations of the Cross , also known as Way of the Cross or Via Crucis , at Rome 's Colosseum . Francis said the cross represents God 's response to evil in the world and that the answer to evil "  is the cross of Christ -- a word which is love , mercy , forgiveness . " Good Friday , one of the holiest days on the Christian calendar , recalls the day Jesus died on the cross . Jorge Bergoglio , now Pope Francis , was elected pontiff just over two weeks ago , succeeding Benedict XVI . A former Argentine cardinal , he became the first non-European pope of the modern era , the first from Latin America , the first Jesuit and the first to assume the name Francis . Since taking on the role , he has focused on a message of helping the poor and needy and demonstrated a simple , humble personal style . Francis already has repeatedly veered from tradition -- from the white papal robes he wore on the Vatican balcony the night of his election , to his choosing to ask for the crowd to pray for him first before he offered a blessing of his own . Bergoglio 's journey to top of the church His selection came shortly before Holy Week , one of the most significant periods of the Roman Catholic year . These celebrations will culminate on Easter Sunday with the pope 's first "  Urbi et Orbi " blessing , directed to the city of Rome and to the world . Celebrant references Kafka story These remarks at one of the Italian capital 's most famous landmarks came hours after the new pontiff , dressed in red vestments , began a service at the Vatican 's St. Peter 's Basilica by walking down its nave and laying on his stomach in prayer , according to Vatican Radio . He then joined legions of Roman Catholics worldwide who reflected Friday on the gospel account of the Lord 's Passion , recalling the day Jesus died on the cross before rising three days later , according to Christian doctrine . Per tradition , the Vatican sermon was given by the preacher to the papal household , the Rev. Raniero Cantalamessa . "  We have the opportunity to make , on this day , the most important decision of our lives , one that opens wide before us the doors of eternity , " Cantalamessa said . "  To believe ! " Opinion : Pope Francis ' gestures strike fire in our hearts During the address , he referenced author Franz Kafka 's "  An Imperial Message , " a story in which a king on his deathbed whispers a message to a subject , makes the subject repeat it , and then sends him on his way . The messenger tries to leave but encounters insurmountable obstacles as he attempts to head away . Cantalamessa said the story is a "  powerful religious symbol and takes on a new meaning , almost prophetic , when heard on Good Friday . " "  We must do everything possible so that the Church may never look like that complicated and cluttered castle described by Kafka , and the message may come out of it as free and joyous as when the messenger began his run , " he said . "  We know what the impediments are that can restrain the messenger : dividing walls , starting with those that separate the various Christian churches from one another , the excess of bureaucracy , the residue of past ceremonials , laws and disputes , now only debris . " The Stations of the Cross Dressed all in white , the pope arrived shortly after 9 p.m.  4 p.m. ET  at the Colosseum to mark the Stations of the Cross . As a large crowd -- many of them holding lit candles -- looked on , Francis sat solemnly as a cross was walked around the historic Roman amphitheater to recall 14 moments from Jesus ' final day . Participants included clergymen and other Christians from Brazil to Africa to China to the Middle East . At one point , the cross was carried by a woman in a wheelchair , from a group representing the physically and mentally disabled . Francis spoke to close the ceremony , explaining the meaning of the cross and how Christians could apply that in their lives . "  Let us walk together in our Way of the Cross , and let us do so carrying in our hearts these words of love and forgiveness , " he said . Similar services and ceremonies were held in churches and other locales worldwide , including the annual Stations of the Cross walk through the winding streets of Jerusalem 's old city . Pope Francis ' humble superiority They came a day after Francis broke with tradition by going to a youth detention center in Rome , rather than the city 's chief cathedral , where he washed the feet of a dozen young detainees . Among the group at the Casal del Marmo were two women and two Muslims . The pontiff poured water over the young offenders ' feet , wiped them with a white towel and kissed them . In his homily , given to about 50 young offenders , he said that everyone should help one another . "  As a priest and as a bishop , I should be at your service . It is a duty that comes from my heart , " he said . The act of foot-washing at the Mass of the Lord 's Supper on Holy Thursday is part of the Christian tradition that mirrors Jesus ' washing of his disciples ' feet . The girls whose feet Francis washed -- in another move away from custom -- were an Italian and an Eastern European , according to the Vatican . The Vatican Press Office responded Friday to "  questions and concerns " related to the pope 's washing the young offenders ' feet , especially those of two females , calling it a "  simple and spontaneous gesture of love , affection , forgiveness and mercy . " "  When Jesus washed the feet of those who were with him on the first Holy Thursday , he desired to teach all a lesson about the meaning of service , using a gesture that included all members of the community , " the office said in a statement . " ... To have excluded the young women from the ritual washing of feet ... would have detracted our attention from the essence of the Holy Thursday gospel , and the very beautiful and simple gesture of a father who desired to embrace those who were on the fringes of society . " Why is the pope washing prisoners ' feet ? CNN 's Livia Borghese and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	NEW : Pope : Cross represents God 's response to evil -- which is love and forgiveness He makes these remarks to close a Stations of the Cross ceremony at Rome 's Colosseum Earlier , he 'd participated in a service about the Lord 's Passion at St. Peter 's Basilica The Vatican rebuts "  concerns " over Francis 's washing 2 women 's feet Thursday
January 22 , 2015 Today , CNN Student News is bringing you history : Cold War events between the U.S. and Cuba . We 're bringing you economics : how supply , demand and drought could affect avocado availability . We 're bringing you engineering : a new way to change lanes at the Golden Gate Bridge . And we 're bringing you a superlative : the oldest lighthouse still in use . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- Sometimes it takes just one . One person -- one idea -- to ignite a movement that changes lives . Helping the millions of people who 've fled the war in Syria may seem a challenge far too big for small relief efforts . The U.N. calls it the worst humanitarian crisis in a generation . The needs are staggering . And yet , for some people , it 's just not an option to do nothing . I AM NOT A TOURIST Tanya Khalil says she refuses to be a neutral observer . Her country , Lebanon , is taking in more Syrian refugees than any other -- nearly 1 million at last official count -- despite its tiny size . The university student says it 's impossible to walk the streets of Beirut without seeing reminders of the suffering -- some refugees searching for food , others sleeping on sidewalks . "  We can not think somebody else will take care of it , " Khalil says . "  We are that somebody . Each and every one of us is that somebody and it is our duty towards one another to be caring and compassionate souls . " Khalil started a group called I AM NOT A TOURIST . The name was meant as a wake-up call to her fellow Lebanese -- that the Syrian crisis was now on their doorstep and they could no longer act like bystanders . She could n't stand the thought of Syrian refugees shivering in brutally cold temperatures while she and her friends were sleeping in their warm beds . They began collecting winter clothing and blankets for refugees in Akkar and the Bekaa Valley in north Lebanon . Khalil estimates 4,500 people donated items , filling 25 huge trucks . "  We ended up with more than 10,200 ` bags of love , ' " she says . Unlike other host countries , Lebanon has no formal refugee camps . Refugees there are scattered across some 1,600 locations , complicating aid distribution . Khalil partnered with established NGOs to help with logistics : Sawa for Syria and War Child Holland . The United Nations estimates nearly 2.5 million Syrians are seeking shelter in Lebanon and in other neighboring states , but that accounts for only registered refugees . The true number could be much higher . And the crisis is only getting worse , as thousands of Syrians flee across the border each day . Sweaters for Syria Ranya Alkadamani was half a world away when she felt compelled to help . It all started with a conversation with her brother . An Australian citizen living in Perth , Alkadamani has Syrian parents and family in Beirut . Her brother was heading to Beirut and asked if she had any old sweaters that he could take for a U.N. relief effort . She said sure -- and then realized she could do something even bigger . She sent an e-mail to work colleagues , asking if they had any sweaters to contribute . The note touched her boss , who called her and said he wanted to help start a campaign and that he would pay for shipping the sweaters . It became known as Sweaters for Syria . Alkadamani says she was overwhelmed by the response . She was worried that they would n't receive enough donations to fill even one container , but "  in two weeks , we pretty much filled the Salvation Army 's warehouse with 1,000 bags . " The campaign inspired people across Perth . One 6-year-old boy is said to have collected 600 sweaters on his own . "  When people know there 's something tangible that they can do to make a difference , they 'll do it , " Alkadamani says . She cried when she saw all the bags piled up in the warehouse -- 100,000 sweaters in all . "  Everyone was so generous and they cared as much as I did , and they 're not even Syrian , " she says . "  That was overwhelming . " The bags were delivered to the UNHCR for distribution in Turkey and Jordan . Alkadamani visited Jordan this month , helping to hand out sweaters to refugees who were crossing the border . She also visited Zaatari , a sprawling camp in the desert now home to nearly 125,000 refugees . That effectively makes it one of the largest cities in Jordan , and one of the largest refugee camps in the world . Life is harsh there , a far cry from the comforts of home refugees left in Syria . The war does n't discriminate -- people from all walks of life have been forced to leave behind virtually everything they own . Alkadamani says she wants the world to understand that "  the people in those camps are just like you and me . " Khalil also stresses that point . She says Syrian refugees are just normal people -- from doctors to pharmacists to teachers -- with normal lives before the war tore their world apart . You can do something too Major aid agencies like UNHCR are overwhelmed with the sheer scale of this crisis , so grassroots efforts can play an important role in filling the gaps . Aid organizations also encourage groups to raise cash donations , as they provide the flexibility to meet particular needs by trained relief workers . In all of these ways , individual efforts can make a difference in the face of enormous suffering . It starts with a simple idea -- and the willingness to act . You too can make an impact for Syrian refugees go to CNN.com / impact for large and small ways to help .	Small , grassroots relief efforts help Syrian refugees survive a harsh winter . The Lebanese group "  I AM NOT A TOURIST " collected thousands of "  bags of love " in Beirut . Australians united to collect 100,000 "  Sweaters for Syria " in Perth . You can make an impact for Syrian refugees . Go to CNN.com / impact for large and small ways to help .
Washington  CNN  -- Four State Department employees placed on leave after last year 's deadly terror attack on the U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi , Libya , wo n't be fired , a decision that irritated key congressional Republicans insisting on accountability for security and other shortcomings . A senior State Department official said the employees would be assigned to different jobs , and an agency spokeswoman followed up by saying that an independent review of the matter found problems and raised questions but did not conclude any breach of duty . "  Clearly things could have been done better . I think that 's patently obvious to everybody who 's followed this for almost a year now , " said Deputy State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf . "  We have to let the facts lead where they may , and these are people with real lives and real careers , and we ca n't just take action that 's not warranted against them just to make us all feel better . " The sanctioned employees included Eric J. Boswell , who the State Department said had resigned from his post as assistant secretary for diplomatic security but remained with the department while on leave . The other three were not identified . It was not clear what new responsibilities Boswell and the other three would be given . House Oversight Committee Chairman Darrell Issa , who has pressed the State Department to punish employees who lawmakers contend ignored security warnings in advance of the attack last September 11 , reacted sharply to the decision by Secretary of State John Kerry . "  Instead of accountability , the State Department offered a charade that included false reports of firings and resignations and now ends in a game of musical chairs where no one misses a single day on the State Department payroll , " Issa said . He said his committee would expand its investigation to include how the independent analysis of events by the Accountability Review Board resulted in Kerry deciding "  not to pursue any accountability from anyone . " The four employees were placed on leave after the review board in December uncovered bureaucratic failures at the State Department before the attack . Lawmaker : If CNN can interview suspect in attack , why ca n't FBI ? Kerry ordered a review the board 's report and studied the workers ' careers . In the end , he affirmed the board 's finding that no one should be fired , the senior State Department official said . Why Benghazi matters Issa criticized the department 's review of the four employees , saying on Tuesday that it "  did not include interviews with them or their supervisors to either substantiate or challenge allegations . " The Benghazi incident involved scores of militants using rocket-propelled grenades and other weapons against the U.S. diplomatic compound and a nearby predominantly CIA-run annex . Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans were killed . The attack has become a flashpoint in the partisan-fueled climate in Washington with Republicans , especially , criticizing the Obama administration 's handling of security beforehand and botching the response after . Benghazi attack timeline Rep. Jason Chaffetz , a Utah Republican , told CNN 's Jake Tapper in an interview on ` The Lead ' that someone has to be held accountable . "  There is not a single thing that was done to protect of fortify that facility , nor did  Secretary of State Hillary  Clinton do anything to give them more personnel , " he said . Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee , the top Republican on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , said , "  I do n't understand how this administration will ensure accountability at one of our most vital government departments without disciplining those who fail in their duties . " CNN 's Evan Perez , John King , Elise Labott , Jamie Crawford and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Four employees had been on administrative leave since December Official : John Kerry reaffirmed the report 's findings that no one should be fired The report had found failures in the run-up to the Benghazi attack that killed four Americans Lawmakers have criticized the administration , saying security warnings were ignored
MOSCOW , Russia -- Zenit Saint Petersburg have clinched their first Russian title in the post-Soviet Union era with a hard-fought 1-0 victory at Ramenskoye on Sunday . Zenit captain Anatoly Timoshuk kisses the Russian Premier League trophy after their victory at Ramenskoye . The win means Zenit finish top of the table with 61 points , two points ahead of second-placed Spartak Moscow , who beat city rivals Dynamo 2-1 . CKSA Moscow finished third on 53 points . Zenit went ahead in the 15th minute when Radek Sirl 's shot from the edge of the box deflected off a Ramenskoye defender and beat goalkeeper Antonin Kinski . After the interval , the hosts poured forward seeking an equalizer and created several chances -- but Zenit held firm to secure their first championship since 1984 and make a hero out of Dutch coach Dick Advocaat . Nine-times champions Spartak took the lead midway through the first-half . Russian international striker Roman Pavyuchenko netted the opening goal in the 24th minute with a powerful shot from the edge of the six-yard box after a mix - up in the Dynamo defence . Brazilian striker Soares Welliton made it 2-0 seven minutes after halftime , heading home Pavlyuchenko 's precise cross . Dynamo reduced the arrears in the 71st minute , when Spartak midfielder Radoslav Kovac scored an own goal . Meanwhile , Rostov and Krasnodar were relegated fronm the Premier League . E-mail to a friend	Zenit Saint Petersburg clinch the Russian Premier League title on Sunday They secure the title ahead of Spartak Moscow after a 1-0 win at Ramenskoye The title success is Zenit 's first since 1984 and the first in the post-Soviet era
CNN  -- Google has used its wealth of data to compile an interactive crisis map for massive storm Sandy , giving users up-to-date information about storm surges , power outages , shelters and evacuation routes . The Superstorm Sandy 2012 map was assembled by Google 's Crisis Response Team to help residents of the battered East Coast , as well as their families and friends elsewhere , track the storm 's progress . By toggling through various options , users can get information including : -- Tracking data from the National Hurricane Center -- Alerts , evacuation notices and other announcements from Weather.com and the U.S. Geological Survey -- Current radar and cloud images from the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory -- Live cameras and YouTube videos of the storm being posted in specific areas Superstorm Sandy 's wrath : Deaths , flooding , outages - and no end in sight By toggling through the options , users can display as many or as few of the pieces of data as they like at one time . Google also has created a New York City-specific map , powered by NYC Open Data , which compiles information from city agencies and other organizations . The map includes widgets that make it easy for users to share it via social media or embed it into their own websites or blogs . Sandy , which was then a hurricane , crashed ashore Monday night , leaving 16 people dead and millions without power in 10 states and the District of Columbia . The storm continued to churn through the northeastern U.S. Tuesday morning , bringing extreme weather conditions in a broad path that stretched from north Georgia all the way to Canada .	Google assembles Sandy crisis map Interactive map shares weather , storm surge , evacuation and other information Users can toggle for as much or little data as they want
Washington  CNN  -- Another government official was placed on administrative leave Monday in the continuing fallout over wasteful spending involving a 2010 Las Vegas conference for government workers , the General Services Administration announced . David Foley , a deputy commissioner of the Public Building Service in the GSA , was identified by a House oversight panel as the official seen in video footage from the conference appearing to make light of congressional oversight . According to an administration source who spoke on condition of not being identified , Foley became the eighth member of the GSA staff to be fired , placed on leave or otherwise removed from their job because of the controversy , The announcement by GSA spokesman Adam Elkington came after Monday 's release of additional video footage involving the 2010 Western Regions Conference , this time showing government workers mocking a clean energy campaign pushed by President Barack Obama . The video clip , made available by a Republican-led House oversight committee , shows GSA workers promoting the "  go green " campaign , singing along to a gospel-style tune . One line of the song says "  POTUS wants a press event , a project he can show , " while a worker holds up a portrait of Obama . POTUS stands for "  president of the United States . " The workers ' video was submitted for an awards competition at the 2010 conference , and accompanying footage of the awards ceremony shows a GSA official saying the video included any workers who were in the office on the day it was made . Reports of the lavish conference have prompted taxpayer outrage , embarrassed the administration and put a spotlight on wasteful spending by the agency , which acts as a real estate agency for the federal government . An inspector-general 's report issued last week that detailed the excesses of the $ 820,000 conference brought the resignation of GSA chief Martha Johnson , after she fired two top officials . In addition , congressional investigators are accusing the GSA of violating its employee gift limit with rewards of iPods , digital cameras and other electronics . With the agency coming under fire , an Obama administration source told CNN that the budget for the biennial conference ballooned during the Bush administration , growing from just under $ 94,000 for the 2004 event in Portland , Oregon , to just over $ 655,000 by the 2008 confab in New Orleans . By comparison , the source said , the tab for the 2010 conference was only 28 % higher than 2008 . But a spokeswoman for the Republican-led House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , which has scheduled a hearing on the GSA for Monday , dismissed the argument . "  It 's certainly important to understand whether increased costs in past years were used for real work and offset elsewhere or if increases were attributable to the kind of lavish spending that occurred in 2010 on parties , clowns , mind readers , commemorative coins and music videos done on official time , " committee spokeswoman Becca Watkins said . But she added , "  These statistics have been pushed by anonymous voices that have so far refused to provide critical details and context in the midst of their efforts to blame the Bush administration for abuses that occurred in 2010 . " Watkins said the committee , led by California Rep. Darrell Issa , "  has requested that GSA deliver information about previous conferences , including their cost and the number of individuals who attended . " The GSA has denounced the actions of those who put on the 2010 conference and were depicted in a series of video clips made public in the past week . "  These videos reinforce once again the complete lack of judgment exhibited during the 2010 Western Regions Conference , " Elkington said Monday . "  Our agency continues to be appalled by this indefensible behavior , and we are taking every step possible to ensure that nothing like this ever happens again . " On Friday , Republican investigators for the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee said the GSA 's Public Buildings Service developed an employee incentive program dating back several years known as the "  Hats Off Store " that spent nearly $ 500,000 on gifts -- from iPods to GPS devices -- that vastly exceeded its $ 99-per-gift limit . The investigators also said that accounting for the gifts , as well as the justification for giving them , was lacking or inconsistent , according to a statement released by Rep. Jeff Denham , R-California , chairman of the Subcommittee on Economic Development , and Rep. John Mica , R-Florida , chairman of the Transportation Committee . While the investigation found the GSA 's massive spending began in 2007 under the Bush administration and continued under the current leadership , Republican representatives leading the investigation have hammered Obama over the allegations . Meanwhile , Issa has accused the White House of sitting on the inspector general 's findings about the GSA for 11 months . The administration has dismissed Issa 's claims , saying the investigation followed proper procedures . Issa and Mica plan congressional hearings on the issue next week . Democratic Sen. Barbara Boxer , the chairwoman of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee , says she also will hold hearings on the GSA findings next week . Elkington said the GSA welcomes "  responsible oversight " and "  remains committed to eliminating excessive federal spending and promoting government efficiency . " CNN 's Tom Cohen and Laurie Ure contributed to this report .	General Services Administration says official appeared to make light of congressional oversight Newly released video footage continues an uproar over wasteful government spending Congressional investigators examine the GSA 's lavish 2010 conference in Las Vegas Hearings are planned for next week by House and Senate committees
CNN  -- They might not be the first police force to add an electric vehicle to their fleet , but Scotts Valley Police Department in California surely has one of the most stylish . The Zero DS motorcycle is part trail , part road bike and has a top speed of 55 miles per hour , which might not make it so useful in a high-speed pursuit . But what it lacks in horsepower it more than makes up for in stealth . Powered by a lithium-ion battery  which takes four hours to recharge  the bike hardly makes a sound -- thus allowing police to exercise their own right to silence before uttering a similar sentence to law-breakers . Police departments all over the world are embracing all manner of electric vehicles , recognizing their duty of care to the environment as well as to the citizens of the streets they patrol . One of the more popular electric models to hit the market in recent years is the T3 , manufactured by California-based T3 Motion . The three-wheel stand-up bike has proved popular not only with police forces but also with security companies and the military . The zero emissions trike affords drivers an elevated platform giving them wide visibility and "  a commanding presence , " say its manufacturers . Maneuverable yet sturdy , the T3 has found a home with police departments in the Middle East , North America , Europe and Asia . Another electric car that a law enforcement force might be happy to have in its fleet is BMW 's Electric MINI , which has been styled by German tuning company , AC Schnitzer . Unveiled at the Essen Motor Show , Germany at the end of 2010 , the design was part of a safety initiative by Germany 's Federal Transport Ministry . Sadly , the car is n't available yet . Carl Archambeault imagines his "  Scarab " concept as an eco-friendly accomplice in combating crime . The three-wheeled remotely controlled electric vehicle is aimed at helping police in high-speed chases , not only to reduce the amount of manpower needed to catch criminals , but also to cut down injuries and fatalities that pursuits cause .	Cool electric bike to help Californian police department fight crime Zero DS has top speed of 55 mph and recharges in four hours Police forces around the world taking orders for all types of electric vehicles
CNN  -- Cameron Russell aims to open up the media landscape to divergent voices a little bit at a time . In March , she helped launch Interrupt magazine , initially a webzine , so these other perspectives can join in the media conversation . Its first issue is devoted to body image . Russell is familiar with how women are portrayed in the media . She has been a model for brands such as Victoria 's Secret , Calvin Klein , Ralph Lauren and Benetton and has appeared in the pages of Vogue , Harper 's Bazaar and W . She is also known for her TEDx talk , "  Looks Are n't Everything , " about those who win the genetic lottery and how society rewards the conventionally beautiful . To celebrate Interrupt magazine 's launch , she 's inviting the public to an art lab called "  You Are a Genius " on New York 's Lower East Side through Monday . It 's at 215 Bowery St. CNN spoke recently with Russell about her new project . CNN : How did the idea come about ? Cameron Russell : I had been thinking about an online participatory magazine for a while . After the amazing response to my TEDx talk , my Brooklyn-based art lab decided it was time to make this a reality . At the Big Bad Lab , we build participatory art and media platforms for causes , communities and organizations we care about . I run the magazine with Hannah Assebe and Allison Bland as well as hundreds of collaborators who provide writing , photos , editing help and moral support . CNN : Why Interrupt ? Russell : Statistics show that diversity in the media is pretty dismal . Critical voices from women and people of color are missing from many important conversations . Ever watch a panel about immigration without any immigrants ? Abortion without any women ? Marriage rights without any LGBTQ people ? We knew it 's crazy to start another media platform , but we came across many authentic voices online and offline that we felt we can bring together and showcase . Sometimes you just need to interrupt ! CNN : What are highlights in the first issue ? Russell : It 's all about body image . We found out that about 50 % of 8-year-old girls do n't like their bodies . But it 's not just girls . Many women said they could n't remember a time when they liked their bodies -- they could n't remember what that felt like . We collaborated with Interrupt photographer Marie C. who interviewed girls under the age of 8 asking what they liked about their bodies . Their answers illuminated a perspective that was missing from mass-media conversations . These girls liked their bodies because they functioned well ! Instead of the usual negative views -- I 'm too fat or I do n't like my nose -- these girls appreciated the fact that they can draw with their hands and run fast with their legs . It 's refreshing . Their story was a huge success and got over 5,000 shares . Then there 's Teagan Widmer , a transgender woman who wrote about trying to find the right bra . Her story is not exactly something the mainstream press would cover . But when we posted her advice to our Tumblr site it became one of the most popular stories . The lesson here is that when we value a narrow range of experiences and perspectives , we do n't just have a media that lack diversity , we actually underestimate our audiences . There are n't just a few types of experiences that matter -- there are countless . CNN : With so many publications going digital only , what made you decide to put out a magazine ? Russell : Our first print issue is a mock tabloid . Starting this week , it is appearing for free in nail salons , newsstands , dentist offices and other not-so-hidden places around NYC . Improving access to media means not just focusing on early adopters . We are spending our resources on building a community of collaborators who can share unique and critical views . CNN : What 's been the most interesting experience in launching Interrupt ? Russell : Actually , I think working on the offline Genius Lab . We wanted to build a space where people felt comfortable and genius in their identity . We have two selfie walls because taking a selfie is an innate and obvious way that draws in a lot of young people . We have a "  You Are a Genius ' bar , where people can explore online resources for social services , civic engagement , health and well-being , and creative production . Having a physical offline space where children , teenagers and random passers-by can come in and get involved is amazing . Check them out on our Tumblr feed . Many of these people spent over an hour here , took pictures , wrote pieces for the next issue and hung out . Sometimes , great collaboration is hard to nurture online so doing so offline is the way to go . We hope to run another one this fall . Stay tuned . CNN : How do you get the word out ? Russell : The first several hundred submissions came from people who found out about the project online , mostly through Twitter . Now that we 're deeper into the project , we 've cultivated many more collaborations . For example ,  check out  a cool piece we did with teens at South End Technology Center in Boston . We 've found artists like Ernest English , who made a piece that is drawing the most attention in the Genius Lab . CNN : What 's the biggest difference between your webzine and say Buzzfeed ? Russell : There are a ton of new media startups heavily focused on getting huge traffic and high growth , but that 's not our central goal . We want to build something that disrupts the way we think media can be made . Can Interrupt make an impact ? Russell : Every time someone who is n't a "  media maker " creates something that goes viral , every time someone whose perspective is left out of mainstream media proves to make an impact , every time a contributor collaborates with someone new to make better work , we improve the media landscape a little bit . CNN : What did you want to be when you grow up ? Russell : I always wanted to become president ! When I was a kid , I was obsessed with politics . The first long book I remember reading was  Richard  Neustadt 's "  Presidential Power " in fourth grade . But as I learned more about our democracy , I realized that who participates , who votes and who gets elected is not as simple as it seems . That got me interested in how to bring people together and ignite alternative networks of power , and that 's why I started the Big Bad Lab . CNN : Who are your heroes ? Russell : I 'm inspired by the people I work with . At the Genius Lab , we have three incredible artists . Ernest English makes enormous participatory public art pieces . Adalky Capellan is a young woman who creates very large-scale work . When I saw her photos , I knew she was perfect to do our dream selfie wall background . And then there 's the graffiti artist and muralist known as miss163 . She is a joy to work with , and her piece is all about love , which is great for us since one of our upcoming issues is about LGBT . CNN : If you can give one piece of advice to young women , what would it be ? Russell : When boys at school told me I could n't play their game , my mom told me to ask : "  Why , do you need a penis to play ? "	Cameron Russell , a model known for her TEDx talk about beauty , helps launch magazine Initially a webzine , Interrupt magazine invites diverse voices to join the media Russell invites public to visit art lab called "  You Are a Genius " to explore more Russell : Critical voices from women , people of color missing from important conversations
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Graeme Le Saux played more than 400 matches for Blackburn , Chelsea and Southampton , winning a Premier League title and 36 international caps . CNN 's Don Riddell talks to the former England star about homophobia and racism in the game . Graeme Le Saux , pictured here playing for Chelsea , endured homophobic abuse throughout his career due to false rumors he was gay . Don Riddell : Graeme , you 're happily married with two children but during your football career everyone thought you were gay and the experience was pretty miserable . Graeme Le Saux : The culture of football back in the 80s was very different , something I found very hard to relate to and subsequently I found myself a little bit isolated and ostracized from certain people . That eventually led to rumors being spread that I was gay . In the context of modern life that 's not defamatory but in terms of the dressing room culture that existed then -- and to an extent now -- it was very difficult for me to deal with and had the potential to damage my career . I think that the joke very quickly got out of hand . And I think where I was at fault was that I was probably a little sensitive about it , because I could actually see the potential of this sort of thing to get out of control . And it did . We played in a game at West Ham and the terraces started singing something particularly defamatory about me and I remember being , you know , really , really shocked that it got to that level so quickly . DR : And that carried on as well and the most notable incident is the one involving Robbie Fowler . Tell me about that ? GS : It all culminated in a game that we played at Stamford Bridge against Liverpool and Robbie Fowler , he stood in front of 40,000 people and he bent over and invited me to perform a homosexual act upon him ... That 's the politest way I can put it ! That really was the point at which it could n't get any worse . It was n't just people singing on the terrace , it was a colleague -- an international colleague -- humiliating you in front of all those people , an international audience . He will maintain to this day that it was just a laugh but that is exactly the point . If you look at anything like this , whether it is racism or homophobia or whatever , as if it is just a laugh that can be a very serious issue . I 'm all for a good laugh but when you offend someone and you are damaging relationships then it goes way beyond being a laugh and you ca n't hide behind that as an excuse . Does homophobia in soccer exist ? Have your say DR : It 's thought that only one professional soccer player in the world has ever declared himself to be gay . That was the Englishman Justin Fashanu and he committed suicide a decade ago . John Amaechi became the first gay player to be associated with the NBA last year , but such declarations are extremely rare . In many cases homosexuality remains pro sport 's last taboo . GS : It 's such a terrible reflection on a sport that has so much positive impact across the globe that there is still this issue about gay people within the sport . If you look at so many other professions in terms of business and politics , across the board the gay community is represented but in football it still is n't and I find that disappointing . There may not be many gay players in the game but the sport should be grown up enough to be able to support those people in the football environment . DR : Football 's obviously made great strides , certainly in Britain , in the last 10 years with regards to racism , but how much prejudice is there generally in the game ? Do you think we 'll ever be free of it ? GS : I think there 's always going to be an undercurrent of prejudice . But ultimately I think it 's important for any business really to be responsible , inclusive and representative of its employees . And football is in a very privileged position and can lead by example . And so I hope that , you know , the people in authority really make some serious attempts , I suppose to create parity between all walks of life . DR : We 've come across a couple of black footballers who say that fans who shout racist abuse are n't really racist , they are just trying to put us off our game . How much do you buy into that approach ? GS : Well , I ca n't speak for individual black players ! But sometimes I think the perception of people it is not happening to is different to the individual . It used to baffle me when I first started playing that you 'd have Chelsea fans being racist to black players from the opposition but there would be three or four black players on the Chelsea 's team . And if you spoke to them or confronted them about it , they would be like , "  Oh yeah , but we know them ... they are , you know , they are fine . " And it 's like , well how do you pick the bones out of that ? Because there is just no logic . But then you know prejudice is built on ignorance . You know it really is . I think that sometimes you know individuals have to take responsibility for themselves and actually take a step back and look at what they are doing and not use ignorance as an excuse and say , "  Well , would I like to be on the receiving end of this sort of abuse ? "	Graeme Le Saux says an "  undercurrent of prejudice " exists in football Ex-England star endured homophobic abuse amid false rumors he was gay Le Saux says football needs to do more to tackle prejudice , homophobia
Madrid  CNN  -- Spain 's opposition conservatives were heading to victory Sunday over the ruling Socialists in local and regional elections , with 84 % of the vote counted , according to official results . The opposition Popular Party had 37 % of the vote to the Socialists ' 27 % . The Socialists lost two major posts to conservatives : mayor of Seville and presidency of the Castilla La Mancha region -- where the famed Don Quijote novel was set . This will be the first time in 30 years Socialists will not be at the helm of the La Mancha region . Exit polls indicated the Socialists could also lose the prized Barcelona mayor 's post after 32 years to the moderate Catalan nationalist party , Convergence and Union . Polls predict the ruling Socialist Party will suffer deep losses to the conservatives in voting for all 8,000 Spanish city and town mayors and for presidents of 13 out of the 17 regional governments . The outcome is viewed as a bellwether for national elections , due no later than March 2012 . The elections came after a campaign overshadowed by week-long protests in Madrid and other cities over the nation 's deep economic crisis . Despite a court-approved ban on demonstrations the day before the elections , the demonstrations had continued on Saturday . The Socialist government did not order the police to disband the peaceful demonstrations on Saturday , despite the electoral board 's ban that said the day prior to balloting should be a day of reflection , without politicking . Deputy Prime Minister and Interior Minister Alfredo Perez Rubalcaba had said earlier that police would not create even more problems than already existed in the streets . Rubalcaba voted early on Sunday , shortly after polls opened at 9 a.m. Rubalcaba is widely expected to seek the nomination of the Socialist Party as candidate for prime minister in the next general elections . The current prime minister , Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero , announced last month he would not seek a third term . His government has been squeezed by Spain 's 21 % unemployment rate , the highest in Western Europe , and a financial crisis that prompted unpopular austerity measures . That 's what helped start a wave of protests May 15 , when Spaniards using social media sites like Facebook convened demonstrations that attracted large crowds . The protests against the political and financial establishment continued and gained force throughout last week , as demonstrators set up encampments in Madrid 's central Puerta del Sol plaza and at emblematic plazas in Barcelona and many other Spanish cities . Overall , reports indicated that tens of thousands took to the streets across the nation in the past week , and news media attention on the protests quickly overshadowed the campaign . Protesters decided Sunday to stay at least another week in Madrid 's central Puerta del Sol plaza , said Juan Lopez , a protest spokesman and internet technology manager who is currently unemployed . "  The assembly has just approved that , " Lopez told CNN by phone . The protesters have divided themselves into decision-making bodies they call assemblies , which debate and then vote on issues . Lopez said the decision applies only to the protest in Madrid , which has been the largest in Spain . Barcelona and other cities would make their own decision . "  We are trying to coordinate , " he said , but added that , so far , nationwide collaboration is not in place . The sprawling tent city in Madrid 's plaza includes a kitchen , a painting workshop to churn out protest placards , a communications office to answer media inquiries and even a day care nursery . Young people dominated the protests on Saturday , but there were also families with young children , senior citizens and many people who have jobs and said they 're concerned about the nation 's future . Spain has a 42 % jobless rate for people ages 16 to 24 . A total of 34 million Spaniards were eligible to vote on Sunday , including 500,000 foreigners , mainly from other European Union nations , who have established residency in Spain . About 100,000 police officers were on duty to maintain safety .	Conservatives have 37 % of vote to Socialists ' 27 % with 84 % votes counted 8,000 local mayoral seats and 13 regional government presidencies are up for election Thousands have set up tent camps and protested Spain 's economic situation Spain has a 21 % unemployment rate
CNN  -- On Thursday night , I returned to Caracas , Venezuela , to participate in the funeral and mourning of Hugo Chavez , president of Venezuela from 1999 until his passing this week . Chavez 's death has captured the world 's attention front and center with renewed vigor and interest . He first burst onto the world scene with his presidential victory in 1999 . Since then , through his fourth re-election in January -- and while he was in Cuba fighting the cancer that would take his life -- his focus was on forging a new socialist Venezuela . This won many friends and advocates at home and abroad , especially among Venezuela 's and the hemisphere 's poorest populations . Other world powers demonized Chavez and sought to ostracize him , a la Cuba 's Fidel Castro , on a global scale . But I believe peaceful , constructive negotiation should carry the day over isolation and demonization . That 's why I visited Venezuela in 2005 , just after the Rev. Pat Robertson called for the assassination of Chavez . He inflamed a chorus of extremist voices in seeking a way to "  deal with Chavez . " That type of hot rhetoric serves no productive purpose . I went to talk with Chavez ; I talked with Jewish religious leaders in Venezuela . I talked with Afro-Venezuelans . I learned about the transition taking place from the old banana republic regimes to the new leaders , with new ideas , such as Chavez in Venezuela , Luiz Lula da Silva in Brazil and Juan Manuel Santos in Colombia . I looked not to exploit differences and fuel division , but for common ground . That 's why I went to Iraq to talk with Saddam Hussein in 1990 as he invaded Kuwait and convinced him there was no value in holding hundreds of people from the United States and other countries as "  human shields . " He released them . That 's why I went to what remained of Yugoslavia amid the flames of war in 1999 , to talk with Slobodan Milosevic to persuade him to release the three U.S. soldiers being held hostage . He did . And that 's why I went to Cuba in 1984 -- long under a senseless U.S. blockade -- to talk with Castro and persuade him to release dozens of political prisoners . In each instance , the U.S. had a no-talk policy with these leaders and nations . It 's been my experience that talking , keeping lines of communication open to friend and foe alike , can reap dividends . Nations can not always agree , but we can always talk . That does not require a sacrifice of principles or signal weakness . I believe in the Gandhi principles , favoring peaceful negotiation over military confrontation . He called the doctrine "  satyagraha " -- and explained the "  pursuit of truth did not admit of violence being inflicted on one 's opponent but that he must be weaned from error by patience and compassion . "  For what appears to be truth to the one may appear to be error to the other . And patience means self-suffering . So the doctrine came to mean vindication of truth , not by infliction of suffering on the opponent , but on oneself . " It works . In my view , it 's always more productive and mutually beneficial to talk things out and not fight things out . As the world mourns the death of Chavez , it 's time to go beyond divisive rhetoric and historical fears that leave all of us in the dark . Where is our common ground ? We are neighbors ; we live in the same hemisphere . There are 200,000 Venezuelans living in the U.S. -- including nearly 70 Major League baseball players in 2012 , among them Triple Crown winner Miguel Cabrera . We are trading partners . Venezuela surpassed Saudi Arabia as the nation with the largest oil reserves in the world , and the U.S. is the largest importer of Venezuelan oil . That oil is four days away , compared with four weeks away in the Middle East . There is a huge potential to expand our market and Venezuela 's . And with stronger economic ties comes political stabilization . It 's time to turn crisis into opportunity , to fulfill the unfinished business of realizing to the fullest potential the relationship between the U.S. and Venezuela . Seize this moment to heal the wound and bind the ties . It wo n't be easy , but nothing is . And nothing will be accomplished with a no-talk policy . No doubt , Venezuela 's relations with the U.S. have been strained -- diplomatic relations were severed for a time in 2008 when Venezuela accused the U.S. of plotting the overthrow of Chavez . Just last week , days before Chavez died , Vice President Nicolas Maduro expelled two U.S. military officials , accusing the U.S. of trying to destabilize the government . The good news is that President Barack Obama has sought to restore relations , saying in a statement that the United States "  reaffirms its support for the Venezuelan people and its interest in developing a constructive relationship with Venezuela 's government . ... As Venezuela begins a new chapter in its history , the United States remains committed to policies that promote democratic principles , the rule of law and respect for human rights . " The U.S. is sending an official delegation to Chavez 's funeral . And Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry have expressed their desire to forge a more positive and productive relationship with Venezuela . As I meet with political , religious and community leaders in Venezuela , this is the message I bring . Let 's put an end to hot rhetoric , demonization and policies of isolation . It 's time to forge a practical , productive relationship that will lead to normalization of diplomatic relations between the U.S. and Venezuela .	Jesse Jackson : Chavez 's death an opportunity for U.S. and Venezuela to heal relations He says we have demonized Chavez , but this rhetoric serves no good purpose Jackson : U.S.-Venezuela bond will be beneficial to both countries , in trade and oil Jackson will be talking with religious , political leaders to rebuild diplomatic ties
CNN  -- As a nation , Brazil might be better known for its round rather than oval-ball prowess but the World Cup host has been granted automatic spots in the rugby sevens at the 2016 Olympics . Sevens is making its Olympic bow in Rio de Janeiro and increasingly teams in the Brazilian city are seen practicing on the iconic Copacabana Beach and elsewhere - overall in the country , rugby participation in Brazil has risen by 25 % since 2011 . On the international stage , Brazil is far from a powerhouse of the sevens discipline but the International Rugby Board has now decreed that , as hosts , it will automatically qualify for both the men 's and women 's tournaments . It means the qualification criteria for the rest of the Olympic hopefuls is even tougher with one less place up for grabs . IRB chairman Bernard Lapasset explained : "  The decision to include Brazil is good for rugby , good for Brazil and good for the Games . Rugby in Brazil is experiencing rapid growth and inclusion will generate further impetus and excitement while giving the Brazilian rugby family and sports fans across the nation something really special to look forward to at their home Olympics . "  We are excited and honored for rugby sevens to be making its Olympic Games debut in Rio and believe that the Games will be great for rugby and rugby will be great for the Games . " Rugby is thought to have been brought to Brazil by British immigrants in the late 19th Century , the first recorded match taking place in 1888 in Sao Paulo . But the game has struggled to take off , in part due to the vast size of the country and partly because of the lack of infrastructure . The IRB are seeking to address that and last year injected $ 400,000 into rugby in Brazil in order to increase participation , while 9,000 children have been introduced to the sport via its Get Into Rugby Program . Rio will also host round three of the IRB Women 's Sevens World Series from 21-22 February .	IRB grant automatic qualification spots to Brazil men 's and women 's teams for 2016 Chairman Bernard Lapasset calls it "  good for rugby , good for Braztil and good for the Games " Sevens will make its Olympic bow in Rio with 12-team tournaments for both sexes Rugby participation on the rise in the South American nation where football is king
Apart from what they do for the military ; drones have already proven themselves capable sheep herders , delivery boys , tour guides , filmmakers , archaeologists , and -- possibly -- spies . The global economic potential of these machines is astounding ; a recent study estimated the worldwide market for unmanned aerial vehicles  UAVs  at $ 89 billion in 2013 . Proponents are eager to point out the many ways they 're going to make our lives better . "  Really , this technology is an extra tool to help an industry be more effective , " says Gretchen West , the executive vice president for the Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International  AUVSI  . "  With precision agriculture , for example , it can take pictures of fields so farmers can identify problems they would n't necessarily see walking through the fields . In law enforcement , you could find a child lost in the woods more easily than walking through a field , particularly if there 's bad weather or treacherous ground . " While it may seem that drones are set to take over our lives , the reality is a bit more complicated . Drone usage around the world is definitely picking up in the public sector , but when it comes to commercial activity , many countries have strict limitations . Opinion : Bad laws could hurt good drones The United States does n't allow for commercial drone usage at all , though that 's expected to change in 2015 , when the Federal Aviation Administration  FAA  aims to put a plan in place to integrate drones in U.S. airspace . In the meantime , says West , the U.S. is losing $ 10 billion in potential economic impact for every year the FAA delays . "  I think the U.S. has been the leader in this technology , and I think there 's a risk of losing that first-mover aspect the longer we wait on regulations , " she says . "  A lot of countries are allowing for flight , and that puts us at a disadvantage . We 're seeing U.S. manufacturers realize they 're developing great products they ca n't use here , and they 're looking to overseas to fulfill their business model . " Currently , civilian drone use in the U.S. is only sanctioned in a handful of incidents , namely in the public sector , as research or as a hobby , though the latter dictates they do n't fly above 400 feet , near populated areas or outside of the operator 's line of vision . While this means that ostensibly , non-military manufactures are restricted to making hobby models , most of these can take on commercial applications . "  We 're amazed at the uses that pop up , " says Sue Rosenstock , a spokesperson at 3D Robotics -- an American manufacturer of hobbyists UAVs . In addition to catering to enthusiasts locally , Rosenstock estimates that half their business is done overseas in countries with fewer restrictions . One of the most open countries , she notes , is Australia . The Outback recently made headlines when Australian start-ups Zookal and Flirtey announced they would team up to provide textbook deliveries via drones by next year . Read more : How robots learn from insects "  We see them as a wonderful example of the power of legislation to free up this emerging technology , " says Rosenstock . Despite the infancy of the industry , many lawmakers fear the potential invasion of privacy that drones portend . Nine U.S. states have already passed laws restricting drone use , both in the hands of private citizens and law enforcement agencies . "  Drones make surveillance cheaper and easier , and when you do that , you can expect to see a lot more of it , " warns Ryan Calo , a law professor at the University of Washington School of Law and an affiliate scholar at the Stanford Law School Center for Internet Society . While Calo argues that the ease with which the government can spy on us "  should be a concern " , he also says that drones could be useful in starting a long overdue conversation about privacy law . "  Privacy law has lagged behind surveillance technology for years , and it probably has to do with the fact that citizens ca n't envision what the problem is , but they can picture what drone surveillance would feel like , " he says . As a result , he argues , drones "  could be a catalyst for better privacy law . "	Though drones have incredible commercial potential , most countries restrict its use The U.S. is expected to open up drones for commercial use by 2015 AUVSI estimates the U.S. loses $ 10 billion yearly by delaying drone integration Though drones bring up privacy concerns , some argue it could advance privacy law
CNN  -- A man who escaped from an Arkansas jail last week might be headed to a county in the neighboring state of Missouri , a sheriff 's deputy said Monday . Derrick Estell and Tamara Upshaw , the woman alleged to have driven a getaway vehicle , may try to go Dallas County -- a place Estell has visited before , according to Garland County Sheriff 's Department Deputy Scott Hinojosa . Tips on Estell 's whereabouts have run into dead ends and law officers in Dallas County were working to see if he were in that community . July 28 surveillance video from Sunday shows Estell talking on the phone and then sliding through a 12-by-30-inch reception window at the Garland County Detention Center while another prisoner distracts deputies . He then runs out the front of the jail -- with a deputy not too far behind him -- jumps into a waiting car that speeds away . The getaway car was found , abandoned , just a few minutes away but there was no sign of Estell . Estell 's mother was arrested Friday for allegedly helping her son . Glenda Estell , 54 , was arrested without incident around 10:40 a.m. at her home in Hot Springs , Arkansas , according to the arrest report . She is set to appear in court August 13 on one charge of assisting in or furnishing an implement of escape for an inmate . Upshaw had been staying with Glenda Estell and was with her the day of Derrick 's escape , according to the affidavit laying out probable cause for Glenda Estell 's arrest . The same document details a July 28 phone call between Glenda and Derrick Estell , while the latter was in the detention center 's booking room , just before the escape . At the beginning of the conversation , Glenda Estell says "  it 's all good , " then asks if his shackles are off and questions "  is there two or three in there ? " Previous phone conversations between mother and son that "  all have random mentions of the plan for Derrick to escape custody , just at various intervals between normal conversations , " the arrest affidavit states . Derrick Estell has a lengthy rap sheet , which includes charges of aggravated robbery , breaking and entering , and burglary among others .	Derrick Estell might be in Dallas County , Missouri , a deputy says His mother was arrested last week for allegedly helping her son He was talking on the phone with his mother when he bolted , authorities say
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Exports of French Bordeaux , Italian Tuscans and Spanish Riojas could get more expensive in China if a tit-for-tat tariff war bubbles over between the world 's most populous country and the European Union . On Wednesday , Beijing launched anti-dumping and anti-subsidy probes into imports of European wine . The inquiry follows new EU tariffs , only announced Tuesday , of nearly 12 % on China-made solar panels that begin June 6 . The European Commission has accused China 's state-subsidized panel makers of flooding European markets with unfairly cheap products . In a public statement , China 's Ministry of Commerce said it had "  received requests from domestic wine companies , accusing European wine companies of entering the Chinese market by dumping products , receiving subsidies and other unfair measures . Based on these requests , the Ministry of Commerce will initiate a serious investigation according to laws and regulations . " "  This is what we call ` strategic play ' in game theory . It is an action which is intended to have benefits in negotiation , " says Dr. Xu Bin , Professor of Economics and Finance at the China Europe International Business School , or CEIBS , in Shanghai . China is smart to pick on Europe 's wine industry , adds Xu , because it is "  not core to Europe 's economy " yet "  symbolic enough " that it will have an "  immediate impact " on people 's hearts and minds . If a tariff war ensued , "  it would be very damaging for France , " says Carl Crook , Managing Director of Montrose Wines , one of China 's biggest importers of foreign wine . France is China 's number one exporter of wines . In 2012 , the country shipped more than 700,000 bottles to China , more than four times the volume of second-ranked Australia , according to the China Customs Information Center . Yet Crook believes a tariff war -- if kept brief -- may actually help the bottom lines of China 's foreign wine importers in the longer term . From 2002 to 2012 , China 's total imports of foreign bottled wine rocketed nearly 15,000 % to more than 1.3 million bottles . But from 2011 to 2012 , growth trickled to an anemic 8 % . "  There has been a lot of enthusiastic buying that needs to be depleted , " says Crook . "  There is excellent inventory to last a short trade war . I 'm not as alarmed as I think I should be . " While a quick tariff war might encourage Chinese consumers to drink their imported wine stocks -- and replenish their supplies -- a longer tariff war would have a more ambiguous impact , with potential winners and losers both in China and around the world . "  New world wines are waiting for this opportunity , " says Crook . "  Australia , Chile , Argentina and South Africa are well positioned . " Both Chile and New Zealand recently implemented bilateral trade agreements with China that lowered duties on wine imports to zero percent , he adds . "  I do n't think it 's a good thing for us , " says Judy Leissner , President of Grace Vineyards , a well-known domestic Chinese boutique label that aims to keep volumes at or below two million bottles each year . "  Yes , we are in competition with imported wine , but that imported wine helps educate consumers . If consumers are more highly educated then it 's better for us all . " Leissner expects a tariff war would only lead to a short-term jump in sales and that big-name , high-volume Chinese wine suppliers like Great Wall , Chang Yu and Dynasty would benefit most . "  If prices rise because of a tariff war , China 's wine companies will have less reason to do better , " adds Leissner . "  Human beings are lazy . " Looking ahead , early August is the deadline to a tariff resolution . In two months , the EU tariff of 11.8 % on Chinese solar panels will rise to an average of 47.6 % . If talks fail before then , the EU will decide in December whether to impose duties on panels for a maximum of five years . "  Ideally it would be better for both sides to retreat from their current positions , " says Xu of CEIBS . "  I understand the European economy is not in good shape , so there is a lot of pressure from domestic lobbies for protection from other countries . " "  In the end , both will yield some inches , " says Xu . "  There is no winner in a trade war . "	China launches anti-dumping , anti-subsidy inquiries into European wine imports Probe seen as retaliation for EU tariffs on China-made solar panels one day earlier France is China 's top wine exporter , Australia distant second EU tariffs on Chinese solar panels set to rise in August if no resolution achieved
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama 's trip to Cartagena , Colombia , will be historic from the moment Air Force One touches down Friday . His weekend visit will mark the longest time a U.S. president will have spent in that country , where security concerns had limited previous presidential trips . During his visit for the sixth Summit of the Americas , the president plans to focus on the economy , trade , energy and regional security . He 's also expected to highlight some of the democratic and social reforms in the region . In a speech Friday in Tampa , Florida , en route to Cartagena , Obama announced a new program that the White House is calling the Small Business Network of the Americas , which he said would help businesses get financing and counseling on how to access new markets south of the U.S. border . "  This initiative is going to help our small business . Latino-owned businesses , " he said . "  Women-owned businesses . African-American-owned businesses . " But the agenda may be driven by other concerns that have been debated by the Latin American leaders long before they arrived for the summit . Cuba , which is not a member of the Organization of American States , is not invited to join the 34 other leaders . "  This is a point of contention , " said Ted Piccone , a Brookings Institution senior fellow who specializes in U.S.-Latin American relations . "  There is a lot of disagreement about the U.S. policy toward Cuba . ... Cuba does n't have a democratically elected government and therefore does n't meet the criteria , " he said . But that did n't stop Ecuador 's leftist President Rafael Correa from stoking the fire to get Cuban leader Raul Castro a seat at the table . Correa threatened to put together a boycott with other leaders in the Bolivian Alliance  Venezuela , Bolivia and Nicaragua  , which led to intense diplomacy behind the scenes . Inviting Castro would have certainly caused problems for Obama , especially in an election year . During the previous summit three years ago in Port of Spain , Trinidad , Obama had an uncomfortable encounter with Hugo Chavez , when the Venezuelan leader handed him a book critical of the United States and Europe . Colombian officials were clearly aware of the potential fallout in this case , so the country 's foreign minister was dispatched to Cuba . Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos himself then flew to Cuba to meet with Castro . Those meetings effectively ended the dispute , but Ecuador 's Correa was angry . He fired off a letter to Santos criticizing the veto of Cuba 's participation as "  intolerable . " Then he boycotted the summit , even though the other leaders who had supported his appeal confirmed they would attend . Piccone , of the Brookings Institution , said some leaders in the region are frustrated with what they view as a leftover Cold War attitude in the United States toward Cuba , and they are pushing for changes . "  My concern is that if it is fixed at the cost of abandoning the democratic rules of the group , that would too high a price to pay , " Piccone said . The high price being paid in the drug war across Latin America is also fueling a debate . At a recent meeting at the White House with the leaders of Mexico and Canada , Obama was blunt about the ongoing threat in a region where some of the leaders believe the drug war is failing . "  Beyond our borders , these cartels and traffickers pose an extraordinary threat to our Central American neighbors , " Obama said . One possible solution that some of those neighbors discussed is decriminalizing drugs . But on a recent trip to Mexico , a country that has been ravaged by drug-related violence , U.S. Vice President Joe Biden rejected that idea . "  There is no possibility that the Obama-Biden administration will change its policy on legalization , " he said . While this debate wo n't dominate the discussions at the summit , it could make headlines . National Security Council spokesman Tommy Vietor told CNN , "  It 's likely the issue will come up , and we welcome the discussion . However , our policy is different , " he said . The unscripted moments are likely to be the most interesting at the summit as there is no significant agreement expected on any of the major issues . CNN 's Rafael Romo contributed to this report	President Obama is making the longest U.S. presidential visit to Colombia Obama announces a program to help U.S. businesses access southern markets The sixth Summit of the Americas wo n't include Cuba , however The hemisphere 's drug war is expected to be addressed
CNN  -- Tareq Salahi is "  greatly hurt and disturbed " by wife 's "  adulterous affair " with a rock musician and he wants a divorce , according to court documents . "  Real Housewives of D.C. " star Michaele Salahi left her husband last week to join Journey guitarist Neal Schon on tour , which Tareq Salahi said "  caused me to suffer great harm , humiliation , and embarrassment . " She "  was engaged in an adulterous relationship with one Neal Schon , her paramour , " the divorce petition said . "  I also understand that his rock band Journey paid for her travel , accommodations and other expenses . " The Salahis ' split became public last Wednesday when Tareq Salahi told reporters that he thought his wife had been kidnapped when she disappeared on Tuesday . She told a sheriff 's deputy that she was "  with a good friend and was where she wanted to be , " Warren County , Virginia , Sheriff Danny McEathron said in a statement to CNN Wednesday afternoon . The reality show personality traveled last Tuesday to Memphis , Tennessee , where Journey was performing , to be with Schon , a representative with Scoop Marketing confirmed to CNN Wednesday . Scoop Marketing represents Schon . "  She stated that she was not returning home and had thus abandoned the marriage and marital home , " his divorce petition said . But what really hurts about his wife 's "  adulterous friendship " is that she "  has flaunted the same throughout the community , the nation and indeed the world , and thus caused me to suffer great harm , humiliation , and embarrassment , " his court filing said . An e-mail Salahi said was sent to him from Schon 's e-mail address was included in the filing . It contained a photo of an unidentified penis , he said . "  At no time whatsoever have I condoned or acquiesced to the adulterous affair , " Tareq Salahi said . "  There is no hope or possibility of reconciliation , " he said . The couple , married for nearly eight years , has no children . They gained notoriety when they were photographed with President Barack Obama at a White House state dinner , to which they were not invited , in November 2009 . The "  Real Housewives of D.C. " TV series was canceled by Bravo earlier this year . CNN 's Rachel Wells contributed to this report .	Michaele Salahi "  abandoned the marriage , " Tareq Salahi 's divorce petition says His wife 's affair causes him "  great harm , humiliation , and embarrassment , " Salahi says An e-mail from her paramour 's email address includes a penis photo , the divorce filing says The band Journey is paying for Michaele Salahi 's travel , her husband alleges
JENA , Louisiana  CNN  -- Mychal Bell , the sole defendant who remains behind bars from the group of teens known as the "  Jena 6 , " will not be released Friday , a court decided . Mychal Bell , 17 , is accused with five others of beating Justin Barker in a school fight . Bell , 17 , has been in jail since his arrest more than nine months ago . It was not immediately clear what happened in court Friday , where Bell 's attorneys had planned to push for his release . "  It is our understanding that the judge refused to give bond or bail to Mychal Bell today , " the Rev. Al Sharpton , a civil rights activist who traveled to Jena for Thursday 's rally , said in a written statement . A source inside the court said the issue of bond was not discussed at the hearing . Attorneys did not immediately comment . The proceedings , involving a juvenile , are not open to media . Bell 's mother left the courthouse in tears . "  We 'll be back , " shouted one Jena 6 supporter outside the courthouse Friday . With thousands of demonstrators converging on the small town Thursday to decry what they call "  unequal justice , " the state 's 3rd Circuit Court of Appeal ordered a bond hearing for Bell within 72 hours . It was set for Friday morning . See highlights from the march " Also on Friday , the FBI said it was looking into an online posting by a neo-Nazi white supremacist group that published the home addresses of all six of the African-American teenagers , as well as the phone numbers of some . The group said on its Web site it is calling on followers to "  let them know justice is coming . " Bell is the only one of the six teenagers to stand trial so far . District Attorney Reed Walters tried him as an adult and won convictions on two charges . Walters has said he believes Bell was the instigator of the alleged beating of classmate Justin Barker . Last week , the appellate court vacated Bell 's battery conviction , saying he should never have been tried as an adult . He was 16 at the time ; 17 is the legal adult age in Louisiana . A district judge earlier this month tossed out Bell 's conviction for conspiracy to commit second-degree battery . On Tuesday , a three-judge panel said it was "  premature " to consider releasing Bell . The district attorney will determine whether to refile the charges in juvenile court , a defense attorney said . Bails for the Jena 6 had been set at between $ 70,000 and $ 138,000 , and all but Bell posted bond . The judge has refused to lower his $ 90,000 bail , citing the teen 's record , which includes four juvenile offenses -- two simple battery charges among them . Bell and five other defendants were arrested in the alleged beating of Barker , who is white , at their high school on December 4 . The incident followed months of racial tension , sparked originally when three white teens hung nooses from an oak tree the day after a group of black students violated an unofficial rule among students that only whites sit in that area . See timeline of how events unfolded " Prosecutors originally charged all six black students with second-degree attempted murder and conspiracy . Walters reduced charges against at least four of them -- Bell , Robert Bailey Jr. , Carwin Jones and Theo Shaw -- to battery and conspiracy . Bryant Purvis awaits arraignment . Charges against Jesse Ray Beard , 14 at the time of the alleged crime , are unavailable because he 's a juvenile . Civil rights leaders and other demonstrators call events in Jena a sign of unequal justice in the 21st century . The white kids who hung the nooses were briefly suspended from classes but faced no punishments from the legal system . Donald Washington , U.S. attorney for the Western District of Louisiana , told CNN that the FBI and other investigators thought the noose incident bore the markings of a hate crime , but a decision was made not to press charges because the case did n't meet federal criteria . The students were under 18 and had no prior records , and no group such as the Ku Klux Klan was found to be behind their actions . Authorities estimated about 15,000 to 20,000 protesters came out Thursday to Jena -- a town of about 3,000 , according to the 2000 census . E-mail to a friend	NEW : FBI looking into online posting by neo-Nazi white supremacist group Court decides not to release Mychal Bell Whether his bond discussed Friday is unclear ; attorneys sought release Bell is the only defendant from group known as "  Jena 6 " still in jail
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- Natalia Vodianova is the Russian supermodel and philanthropist described by designer Tom Ford as "  the most beautiful woman in the world . " Natalia Vodianova : "  I think protecting your family and giving to them is the most important achievement . " Natalia , 27 , is a mother of three and has set up her own children 's charity . The woman nicknamed "  Supernova " tells My City_My Life about her tough childhood , her love of Moscow and why Russian vodka is the best . CNN : How would you describe Moscow ? Natalia Vodianova : It 's a city of contrasts . You have this great culture and traditions that are very normal , calm and established . And then you have explosions of emotion , craziness , art , and young people who are so proud to be Muscovites and really trying to be individuals . Moscow is a huge inspiration for me . I love what I find here , I love being here . CNN : What would you change about Moscow given the chance ? NV : Definitely the way it 's treated at the moment , the way the government wants to renovate the old buildings . To me it 's a little bit sad because in the West people have a very different mentality about renovating buildings , keeping them as intact as possible . Watch Natalia Vodianova take CNN on a tour of Moscow . " CNN : What 's the fashion in Moscow ? NV : You see women in jeans wearing very high heels and a short puffy jacket . It 's really funny ! CNN : Tell me about your childhood NV : I was born in Nizhny Novgorod to a very poor family and unfortunately my father and mother separated when I was very little . She was a single mum and had two more girls . It was a struggle but we all worked really hard and stood up for each other . My mum was amazing ; she never drank , she never smoked -- she lived for us . I appreciate what she has done for me and the way she raised me . CNN : Is family very important to you ? NV : I think protecting your family and giving to them is so important . It 's the most important achievement . CNN : How did your modeling career take off ? NV : I went to Paris when I was 17 . I was lucky because my career kind of gradually built up over two years -- I always had good work but I was n't a star straight away . In fact , my agency thought that I might never do shows because I was a bit shorter and not skinny enough , but when I gave birth to my first son I was 19 and I lost a lot of weight . I guess the stress on the body was extreme and I suddenly just turned into this stick -- just the way designers love models . My career took off after Lucas was born because I opened a lot of shows on the runway and that 's where a lot of stars are made in my industry . See Natalia Vodianova 's Moscow in photos . " CNN : If you were n't a model , what would your life be like ? NV : It 's very hard to say what my life would be like if I had n't gone to Paris . People say I did n't change very much but I do n't think that 's true . I 'm a happy person and even if I thought that I was happy then , I had so much baggage to carry with me : my background , people 's expectations , the fact that I was n't a perfect student and I was n't going to school all the time -- I did n't live a normal life at all . That 's not with me anymore , because of my success . It really does n't matter because I know I have learned so much more than a lot of other girls who have had perfect childhoods . CNN : Tell us about the charity and what you are trying to achieve with it ? NV : I started my foundation in 2005 , after the Beslan tragedy -LSB- the 2004 school siege in which at least 339 hostages were killed -RSB- . I was in Moscow at the time and it just struck me so much . I went back to New York , where I was living at the time , organized a fundraising event and raised $ 350,000 to build a playground for the children that had survived in the area . I believe that play is very therapeutic . It 's really the only way for these children to forget about what happened and just be children , even if it 's only for five minutes . But then I realized that it would be good for all the other children in Russia and I just started raising money and building playgrounds . Now we have 23 places all over Russia and we are building 15 more this year and planning to build more . I want to fulfill my dream of building 500 play parks in Russia . Each one will cost about $ 300,000 so it 's a big dream -- an expensive one ! CNN : Let 's talk about vodka ... NV : Our vodka is definitely the best . It 's a very pure , good drink and it goes with Russian food . Generally I do n't drink vodka outside Russia , but when you come to Russia there is no reason to order a glass of wine . CNN : What do you think of your nickname -- Supernova ? NV : I do n't mind being called Supernova . If one nickname is going to stick , that 's not a bad one ! CNN : Which five words best describe Moscow ? NV : It 's mysterious , cultural , exciting , crazy and spiritual .	Natalia Vodianova is a Russian supermodel and has started a children 's charity "  Moscow is a huge inspiration for me . I love what I find here , " she says She says she had a tough childhood but learned from the experience "  I want to fulfill my dream of building 500 play parks in Russia , " says Natalia
CNN  -- Former astronaut Buzz Aldrin is one of the privileged few to have walked on the moon , but he hopes space tourism will be much more of an equal-opportunity experience . More than 40 years after the historic moon landing , Aldrin is now consulting for the U.S. government about the future of the country 's space program and how to make space more accessible to everyday people . NASA has driven space exploration for decades , but with the rise of Virgin Galactic , Space X and other companies that focus on suborbital flights , the private sphere and government programs are appearing to intersect in the realm space travel . "  Private wants a return on investment , a profit . I think there 's some profits to be made by going to the moon , " Aldrin says . Read more : Is $ 250,000 a bargain for a seat into space ? The bigger question may be how passengers are to be chosen . When this question was discussed 25 years ago , Aldrin says , an obvious answer was to offer the flights to the highest bidders . "  But somebody in the back of the room said , ` How about a lottery ? ' Man , my ears perked up at that , and I became a devotee of a lottery to select people , " he says . A lottery system would produce the kind of return on investment Aldrin wanted to see . "  I was n't interested in a big payoff or the profit made . I was interested in exposing space to a large number of people , " he says . Read more : Your own private Airbus A319 jet Nowadays , Aldrin spends most of his time on the road , with a schedule packed with scuba diving trips , international meetings on space , visiting members of Congress and developing his nonprofit organization , which aims to build interest in space and advocate for affordable space travel . Even for the man who has logged more than 280 hours in space and has literally seen the world , the inconvenience of earthly travel can still get to him -- most of all , the airport security checks . It is perhaps fitting that Aldrin continues to explore , and not on land either , instead voyaging underwater with scuba gear . He counts Micronesia as one of his favorite places and has visited multiple times . Read more : What does being weightless really feel like ? "  I visited Pohnpei . I dove on Japanese war ships . And we recently dove in a further island , Palau . That was really good . " But the final frontier is still out there . Although Aldrin 's mission for years has been for civilians to travel to the moon , his broader dream for space travel is for humans to land on Mars someday . "  I 'm not trivializing Star Trek , because my hopes for the future is based on USS Enterprise , to boldly go where man 's not been before , " he says .	Former astronaut Buzz Aldrin wants to see space travel more accessible to the masses He works with the U.S. government to discuss the future of the country 's space program Private companies are influencing space travel more than in the past , when the government dominated exploration Aldrin supports a lottery system for deciding who will become space tourists
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Scientist and author Stephen Hawking is "  very ill " and has been hospitalized , according to Cambridge University , where he is a professor . Stephen Hawking in Pasadena , California , in March . Cambridge University said the 67-year-old is "  comfortable " and will stay overnight at Addenbrookes Hospital in Cambridge . Hawking , one of the world 's most famous physicists , is also a cosmologist , astronomer , and mathematician . Wheelchair-bound Hawking is perhaps most famous for "  A Brief History of Time , " which explored the origins of the universe in layman 's terms . The book is considered a modern classic . Hawking has Lou Gehrig 's Disease  Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis , or ALS  , which is usually fatal after three years . Hawking has survived for more than 40 years since his diagnosis . On his Web site , Hawking has written about living with ALS . "  I try to lead as normal a life as possible , and not think about my condition , or regret the things it prevents me from doing , which are not that many , " he wrote . He added : "  I have been lucky , that my condition has progressed more slowly than is often the case . But it shows that one need not lose hope . " The disease has left him paralyzed -- he is able to move only a few fingers on one hand . Hawking is completely dependent on others or technology for virtually everything -- bathing , dressing , eating , even speech . He uses a speech synthesizer with an American accent . Hawking has been married and divorced twice . In 2004 , police completed an investigation into accusations by Hawking 's daughter that his second wife was abusing him . Authorities said they found no proof . His Web site says he has three children and one grandchild . Hawking was born in Oxford , England , on what turned out to be an auspicious date : January 8 , 1942 -- the 300th anniversary of the death of astronomer and physicist Galileo Galilei . A Cambridge University spokesman told CNN : "  Professor Hawking is very ill and has been taken by ambulance to Addenbrookes Hospital , Cambridge . " Professor Peter Haynes , head of the university 's department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics , said : "  Professor Hawking is a remarkable colleague , we all hope he will be amongst us again soon . " At Cambridge , he holds the position of Lucasian Professor Mathematics -- the prestigious post held from 1669 to 1702 by Sir Isaac Newton . Hawking has guest-starred , as himself , on Star Trek : The Next Generation and The Simpsons . He also said if he had the choice of meeting Newton or Marilyn Monroe , his choice would be Marilyn . In October , CNN 's Becky Anderson interviewed Hawking . The following are some quotes from that interview : "  Over the last twenty years , observations have to a large extent confirmed the picture I painted in ' A Brief History of Time . ' The one major development that was not anticipated was the discovery that the expansion of the universe is accelerating now , rather than slowing down ... We live in the most probable of all possible worlds . " CNN 's Jennifer Pifer contributed to this report	Physicist Stephen Hawking hospitalized Monday in "  very ill " condition 67-year-old suffers from degenerative condition known as Lou Gehrig 's Disease Hawking is considered by many to be world 's greatest living scientist
CNN  -- An Indiana mother who sent her gay son to school with a stun gun after administrators apparently did n't do enough to stop the bullying against him said she would do it again -- even though the teen now faces expulsion . "  I do not promote violence -- not at all -- but what is a parent to do when she has done everything that she felt she was supposed to do ... at the school ? " the mother , Chelisa Grimes , told CNN 's Don Lemon on Sunday . "  I did feel like there was nothing else left for me to do , but protect my child . " The school district held an expulsion hearing last week but no decision has been announced . Grimes sent her son , Darnell "  Dynasty " Young , to Arsenal Technical High School in Indianapolis with the stun gun after he said he was taunted and bullied for months . "  I brought the stun gun 'cause I was n't safe , " the 17-year-old said . After six other students surrounded him at school on April 16 , calling him names and threatening to beat him up , Young pulled the stun gun from his backpack . He raised it in the air , setting off an electric charge , and sending the group scurrying , Young said . Unlike a Taser , which fire barbs attached to long wires at a target , a stun gun has to be near or pressed against a person to shock them . "  I got kicked out of school for me bringing the weapon to school , but I honestly do n't think that that was fair , " Young said . "  I did n't use it on nobody . ... All I did was raise it up in the air and went back to my class . " School police officers arrested him a short time later and took him away in handcuffs , The Indianapolis Star reported . School officials are investigating the incident , but none of the students who allegedly surrounded Young has been positively identified . Young is known as a flamboyant dresser and Larry Yarrell , the Tech principal , said school staff had been trying to get him to "  tone down " his accessories . "  If you wear female apparel , then kids are kids and they 're going to say whatever it is that they want to say , " Yarrell told The Star . "  Because you want to be different and because you choose to wear female apparel , it may happen . In the idealistic society , it should n't matter . People should be able to wear what they want to wear . " CNN could not immediately reach school officials for comment . Grimes contends that school officials have n't done enough to protect all students on campus . "  I think that the self-protection device is what 's making the news , but the big picture is that my child is not the only one who does not feel safe at our school , " she said . It a common complaint among lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender students . A 2009 survey of 7,261 middle and high school students found that nearly nine out of 10 LGBT students had experienced harassment at school over the previous year and nearly two-thirds felt unsafe because of their sexual orientation . Young said rumors around campus suggested he was "  doing nasty stuff " with teachers . The rumors took their toll . "  I was at my wit 's end . I did n't know what to do and I thought about suicide , " Young said . "  I hate saying that word because God blessed me with this life . I love life . I love my education . I would never ... but this bullying got so bad that I thought about that . "	"  What is a parent to do when she has done everything ? " Chelisa Grimes says The Indianapolis school district is considering his expulsion Darnell "  Dynasty " Young says he has been bullied and taunted for months Two-thirds of gay students say they feel unsafe at school
CNN  -- A strong bomb blast shook one of the main courthouse buildings in central Athens on Thursday morning , Greek police said . Also Thursday morning , a bomb exploded in front of the Greek Embassy in Buenos Aires , Argentina . It is not known whether the blasts are linked . The explosion in Athens occurred about 40 minutes after an unidentified person placed warning calls to a local TV station and newspaper , saying a bomb would explode outside the "  administrative first instance courthouse . " The advance notice gave police enough time to evacuate the building . Police said the blast came from a motorbike rigged with explosives that was parked in the median across from the courthouse in the Ambelokipi district . The caller provided the plate number on the bike . A cloud of smoke was visible in the area and there was some damage to the front of the building and nearby cars from the explosion . In the Argentine capital , no one was injured in the blast at the Greek embassy , the state-run Telam news agency reported . The explosion happened about 2 a.m.  midnight Wednesday ET  , police said , according to Telam . The bomb was left at the entrance to the embassy . The blast broke some windows on the embassy building and other properties on the block , the news agency reported . Journalist Elinda Labropoulou contributed to this report .	NEW : A bomb goes off at the Greek Embassy in Buenos Aires , Argentina A caller gives advance warning Police verify information and evacuate the building
PARIS , France  CNN  -- Three French journalists charged in an alleged plot to kidnap African children for adoption in Europe arrived in Paris on Sunday , hours after French President Nicolas Sarkozy held emergency talks in Chad . But 14 other people remained in custody in the African nation , some facing serious charges that could send them to jail for up to 20 years . The journalists were among seven Europeans a Chadian judge released Sunday , including a Spanish flight crew , whom Sarkozy dropped off in a brief stop in Madrid on his way back from Chad . All were arrested last week after workers from Zoe 's Ark -- a French-based charity group -- were accused of trying to fly 103 children out of Chad in a kidnapping and adoption operation . Watch a report on how the events unfolded " Some of the children may never return to their families because it is too difficult to determine their backgrounds , Red Cross spokeswoman Inah Kaloga told CNN on Friday . Those who remain under arrest in Chad are six members of the French charity , four Chadians and four remaining members of the flight crew . Some face kidnapping and fraud charges . Zoe 's Ark leader Eric Breteau testified Saturday to a court in the Chadian capital that the three journalists and the flight crew of seven Spaniards and a Belgian were not involved in the alleged plot , court witnesses told CNN . At least some of the flight crew are scheduled to testify before a judge on Monday . The three journalists initially had been charged with complicity in the alleged kidnapping attempt . It 's not clear if the charges against them have been dropped . Watch the freed Europeans leave Chad " In a joint news conference with Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero on Sunday at Madrid 's Torrejon Air Force Base , Sarkozy expressed satisfaction that some of those detained had been released . At the same time , however , he told reporters , "  We should respect the sovereignty of Chad . " Zapatero thanked Sarkozy for dropping the four Spanish flight crew members off in their home country , and thanked Chadian President Idriss Deby for allowing them to return . After his emergency talks in Chad , Sarkozy stressed the scandal would not affect the strong relations between the two countries or affect the planned deployment of a European force to protect refugees from Sudan 's Darfur region who have fled to Chad and the neighboring Central African Republic . Sarkozy also said he hoped the six remaining French nationals -- all from Zoe 's Ark -- would face trial in France . The charity says that the children were orphans from the Darfur region -- where the United Nations estimates 200,000 people have been killed in four years of conflict -- and that the group was taking them to host families in France . But after preliminary interviews with the children , aid agencies said Thursday it appeared most of them probably are not orphans and not from Sudan , but instead come from villages on the Chadian side of the border with Sudan . The children are staying in an Abeche orphanage while aid agencies and government officials try to find out where they came from -- a challenge hindered by the number of children , their youth , and the volatile situation in the region . A father of three of the children allegedly kidnapped told a French newspaper he put his children into the charity 's care after he was told they would be educated at a school under construction in a nearby town . The Chadian man , who gave his name as Arbab , told Le Parisien on Sunday that workers from Zoe 's Ark had visited his village three times . "  They never said they would take away our children , " he told the newspaper . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Nic Robertson and Al Goodman contributed to this report .	NEW : French president returns to France with three released journalists Journalists are among seven Europeans freed Sunday in child "  kidnap " row There are still 14 other people in custody in Chad Father : "  They never said they would take away our children "
CNN  -- Pakistan on Thursday blocked access to YouTube -- a day after it shut down the social networking site Facebook -- in response to an online group calling on people to draw the Prophet Mohammed . The Pakistan Telecommunication Authority ordered operators to shut down YouTube "  in view of growing sacrilegious contents on it , " officials said in a statement . PTA said Thursday it reached its decision after all "  possible avenues were used within its jurisdiction , including using regular channels available on the Facebook and YouTube to launch protest , to avoid appearances of derogatory material available on their websites . " Facebook was blocked a day before "  Everybody Draw Mohammed Day , " which was scheduled by several Facebook groups dedicated to the idea . The largest of the groups was unavailable for several hours Wednesday and Thursday . Facebook said "  a small technical issue prevented some users from accessing this page and others for a very short period of time , " and that Facebook had corrected the problem as quickly as possible once they became aware of it . "  While it may be considered objectionable to some , the Facebook Pages and Groups in question do not violate our policies , " Facebook global communications director Debbie Frost said . The page was online as of Thursday morning Eastern time . Frost said Facebook was "  very disappointed " to be blocked in Pakistan . "  We are analyzing the situation and the legal considerations , and will take appropriate action , which may include making this content inaccessible to users in Pakistan , " she said . Khoram Ali Mehran of Pakistan 's telecommunication authority said the block "  is related to the objectionable material that was placed on Facebook . " "  We have blocked it for an indefinite amount of time . We are just following the government 's instructions and the ruling of the Lahore High Court . If the government decides to unblock it , then that 's what we will do , " he said . The telecommunication authority has not received any complaints from Internet users about the blocking of Facebook , he said . Devout Muslims consider it offensive to depict Mohammed . There were riots around the world in response to a series of cartoons of Mohammed in a Danish newspaper in 2005 , and at least two European cartoonists live under police protection after publication of their drawings of the Muslim prophet . Mimi Sulpovar , who started one of the Facebook groups , said she read about the idea on a blog after Comedy Central bleeped out part of an episode of "  South Park " that mentioned the prophet . "  This is meant to be in protest , " she said . "  This is something I have felt strongly about for a long time : Bullying by certain Muslim groups will not be tolerated in a free country , " said Sulpovar , who is American . But Ibrahim Hooper , a spokesman for the Council on American-Islamic Relations , said the idea behind the group was offensive . "  Islam discourages any visual representations of the prophets of God -- Jesus , Moses , Mohammed , anybody -- because we believe it can lead to a form of idol worship , " he said . "  The majority of Muslims worldwide object to any representation of a prophet of God , " he added . The idea of "  Draw Mohammed Day " originated with a cartoonist who has since distanced herself from the idea , Sulpovar and Hooper said . "  The whole campaign has been taken up by Muslim-bashers and Islamophobes , " Hooper said . But Sulpovar denied being anti-Muslim . "  This extends beyond being able to draw Mohammed , " she said . "  If it 's offensive to you , that 's fine , but I do n't feel it 's right to impose your belief on others through intimidation . "  This is nothing to do with hate or bigotry , " she said . "  Nobody is inciting violence or preaching open hatred towards individuals . " Sulpovar said she is not a Muslim but added that she had received "  hundreds of e-mails from people trying to explain this to me . " One group member said she saw anger and fear on both sides of the controversy but felt that free speech could not be compromised . "  This is a hot-topic debate , but so is abortion , illegal immigrants , gay marriage and politics . If we allow even a small compromise for one group , then the free speech on topics like abortion , illegal immigrants and politics can also be censored based on accusations that they cause violence or hate , " Autumn Meadows said on CNN 's iReport . "  Hate speech is wanting a group eradicated , physically harmed or dead . I do n't think drawing Mohammed falls under that category , " she said . "  Islam is not above criticism or cartoons . I believe in equality , and censoring Mohammed while we can draw every other figure in the world does not equal equality , " she concluded . Sulpovar said Pakistan 's decision to block Facebook was "  ridiculous . " Sulpovar 's group had attracted more than 9,000 fans as of Thursday morning . The page which disappeared briefly had more than 80,000 fans . Groups opposing the idea had about 68,000 fans as of Wednesday . Facebook is investigating the block , said Frost , the communications director . "  We want Facebook to be a place where people can openly discuss issues and express their views , while respecting the rights and feelings of others , " she told CNN . "  We sometimes find people discussing and posting about topics that others may find controversial , inaccurate , or offensive . When these feelings , or any content reported to us becomes an attack on anyone , including Muslim people , it will be removed and further action may be taken against the person responsible , " she said .	Pakistan blocks access to YouTube , a day after imposing Facebook ban "  Everybody Draw Mohammed Day " urges users to submit drawings of Mohammed Devout Muslims consider it offensive to depict Mohammed Telecommunications official says Facebook blocked on government 's orders
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Apologies are not sufficient when it comes to civilian casualties , Afghan President Hamid Karzai told the NATO commander Sunday , days after a NATO airstrike killed nine Afghan boys . Karzai told Gen. David Petraeus , the commander of U.S. and NATO forces in Afghanistan , that incidents of civilian casualties during coalition military operations are the main reason for tensions in the U.S.-Afghan relationship and he demanded there be no more , according to a statement from Karzai 's office . The comments came in a private conversation between the two men Sunday , according to an official with NATO 's International Security Assistance Force who asked not to be named . Petraeus made a public apology Wednesday for the deaths , which happened the day before in the province of Kunar , along Afghanistan 's eastern border . U.S. President Barack Obama also expressed regret for the deaths , calling it a "  tragic accident . " A White House statement said Obama and Karzai agreed that such incidents undermine shared U.S. and Afghan efforts in fighting terrorism . The incident happened after insurgents in mountains above a coalition base launched a rocket attack that wounded a U.S. civilian , according to U.S. Lt. Gen. David Rodriguez . Troops returned fire and insurgents later shot another rocket at the troops . Two attack helicopters flew to the location where they were told the rockets originated , identified who they thought were insurgents and killed nine people . Rodriguez said . Later , they found that the slain people were boys cutting wood . Rodriguez called the incident "  a terrible mistake " and promised disciplinary action if warranted . The statement from Karzai 's office said Petraeus repeated his apology Sunday and promised "  it will not happen again . " Karzai said the Afghan people are suffering as a result of civilian casualties and that apologizing and condemning these actions can not ease their pain , according to his office . "  The trust of Afghanistan 's government and people definitively depend on this issue , " Karzai told Petraeus . Recurrence of such incidents , he said , is "  unacceptable . " The NATO force official said Sunday , "  We take all civilian casualties very seriously . In light of the recent event that tragically killed nine children , commanders have been given the direction to review our tactical directive that is intended to reduce civilian casualties to the absolute minimum . We will continue to reinforce the need to protect the lives of innocent Afghans as we pursue a ruthless enemy . " Rodriguez said last week such incidents are "  rare " when considering all the operations the coalition undertakes . He said a lot of time is spent training soldiers on how to engage the right targets and that directives are constantly reviewed . "  We have done much better preventing civilian casualties , " he said . "  But we acknowledge we have to do better . " Rodriguez said the military understands families ' grief over such deaths , and he said soldiers "  feel worse than they can express " when they "  do something terrible like mistakenly killing young boys . " "  They have to live with that for the rest of their lives , " he said . Rodriguez also urged Afghans to help their security forces battle insurgents . Karzai previously noted the Tuesday incident occurred less than 10 days after another one "  that left many civilians dead in the same province . " On February 20 , Kunar Governor Sayed Fazlullah Wahidi said 64 civilians had died in a joint operation by the NATO force and Afghan security forces over several days . The dead included 20 women and 15 children , he said . Petraeus recently directed military commanders in Afghanistan to review changes meant to minimize civilian casualties . He has ordered commanders to brief helicopter attack crews again on the changes , he said . CNN 's Barbara Starr and Matiullah Mati contributed to this report	Karzai and Petraeus have a private talk Sunday on civilian deaths Petraeus repeats his apology for the death of 9 Afghan boys Obama has already called it a "  tragic accident "
CNN  -- We grew up in project buildings . We grew up at the end of cul-de-sacs . We grew up five miles from the nearest house . We grew up in America . We come from backgrounds of luxury and struggle . We finished school with honors , and we dropped out . We voted for the first time , and we only just registered . We did n't understand red states or blue states . We understood that these are the United States . And as a generation , we millennials must be united in the fact that the collective power we possess will allow us to do great things for this country that we call our home . We must show this power en masse on Election Day , one vote by one vote . Millennials to candidates : Talk to us We are bombarded with television analysis , newspaper opinions , blogs , tweets , Facebook posts , radio commentators and street corner preachers that all offer some perspective about who will decide the election between President Barack Obama and former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney . Over the course of months , this commentary puts the power in the hands of various constituencies . Seniors in Florida . Independent women in New Hampshire . The unemployed in Ohio . Every day , some new group gets handed the magic wand that will choose the winner of this year 's battle . Opinion : Why this election is so personal But , let me be straight . The battle begins with millennials , those much-maligned 18-to 29-year olds for whom so much is at stake . For this is our future . The future arrived yesterday , and the present presents us with an opportunity to dream big . Dreams that in reality will uplift our entire generation , not just a percentage of us . Dreams that are so deeply rooted in compassion , that there is no way we leave anyone behind . The undecided millennial Our dreams from last night become our marching orders as we awake to the understanding that this election will be decided by millions of young people , our people , in states across this country . In Durham , North Carolina , a young woman will cast her ballot for the first time . In Columbus , Ohio , a university student will be the first in his family to vote in a presidential election . In Tallahassee , Florida , a young couple will enter that voting both for the second time in their lives , this time not just voting for themselves but voting for their child . Both campaigns have simplified their efforts to focus on 10 swing states . They will spend millions of dollars over the next few weeks targeting those states , as well as undecided voters . But some of us are not included in that game plan . Some of us were left off the roll call . You know what means ? ` Gen Xer ' Ryan makes case to young voters That means , like Muhammad Ali said , we have the chance to shake up the world . Show them who is the greatest . Not just of this time , but of all time . Show up in numbers that no one can believe . Early votes . Absentee ballots . Election Day decisions . However you have to pull that lever , pull it . For this is our future . It is our brothers and sisters who are the ones coming home from Afghanistan and Iraq , many of whom feel like we have let them down . It is our colleges that are becoming too expensive for us to attend , leaving us with monthly payments that empty our bank accounts . It is our compadres who are impacted by the DREAM Act and want only to live without fear in a country they , too , call their home . It is our Medicare and Social Security that might disappear before we even make it to the finish line . It is our boyfriends and girlfriends who just want to walk down the aisle and say two simple words : "  I do . " It is our planet that is being destroyed by big business and politicians with oily pockets lined with dirty coal . This is what is at stake . Not just an election to elect a president but an election to elect the destiny of our generation . Have the youth given up on Obama ? So , let us promise to each other that we will not sit this one out . We will not watch this one pass us by . We will not move on to the next one . We will cast our ballots like our generation depended on it . For if we depend on one another , we will be united . Not in red states or blue states , but in the United States of America . Michael Skolnik is the editor-in-chief of GlobalGrind.com and the political director to Russell Simmons . He is also an award-winning filmmaker . Follow him on Twitter @MichaelSkolnik . Are you a millennial who will stay away from the polls this year ? Or are you raring to vote ? Share your take in the comments section below .	Michael Skolnik , editor of GlobalGrind.com , encourages the millennial generation to vote Some say women , the unemployed or swing states will decide the presidential election Skolnik argues that millennials have the power to sway the election results if they show up
CNN  -- He burst on the music scene in the 1970s with the Commodores and then went on to a major solo career with hits such as "  All Night Long " and "  Hello . " Lionel Richie and his daughter , Nicole , gave their first joint TV interview in six years to CNN 's Larry King . She made a name for herself on the TV series "  The Simple Life , " which followed the exploits of her and fellow socialite Paris Hilton , and in the tabloids . Father-and-daughter Lionel and Nicole Richie have been making news for decades , but rarely together . In their first TV interview together in six years , they talked with CNN 's Larry King about their relationship ; her time in rehab ; Lionel 's first grandchild , Harlow ; their growing family ; and more . The following interview , scheduled to air Thursday night , has been edited for brevity and clarity : Larry King : You did "  American Idol . " A European tour . A new CD . You ever give thoughts of just cooling it ? Lionel Richie : My answer to that is very simple . I do n't like fishing . I 'm pretty much like you . This is my hobby . King : What 's the new album -LSB- "  Just Go " -RSB- about ? Lionel Richie : You know what I decided to do on this album ? Something different . Instead of controlling , which is what I love to do -- I 'm the writer , I 'm the arranger , I 'm the producer , I 'm the singer -- I decided -LSB- to -RSB- start another way . I just gave up the power completely . There is only one song on this album that I actually wrote , called "  Eternity . " King : The "  American Idol " thing . Was that fun ? Why did you do it ? Lionel Richie : It 's the best fun in the world . Danny -LSB- Gokey -RSB- was so wonderful . He kept saying , "  Suppose I mess up or suppose I sing your line instead of my line , " and I said , "  You ca n't mess this one up . And if you feel like you want to sing my part , sing it loud and strong . " And of course he nailed it . It was so much fun to watch everybody backstage . The tension of what goes through that show , I do n't think I -LSB- could -RSB- do it . -LSB- Nicole Richie joins the interview -RSB- King : What is it like to be with her in this setting ? Lionel Richie : I 'm so proud of her right now . There is such a pride that she has turned this corner . She is an amazing mother . I want the world to know where she is . King : Now you 're pregnant with a second child , right ? Nicole Richie : Yes , yes I am . King : And the father -LSB- Joel Madden -RSB- is the same ? Nicole Richie : Yes . King : You going to get married ? Nicole Richie : Eventually , yes . King : But that 's not important or paramount ? Nicole Richie : I think for both of us , we are going to do it because we want to , not because that 's what you do . King : What kind of grandfather is he ? Nicole Richie : Well , he 's very animated . He smiles like this all the time , and so he 's nothing but fun for Harlow . She absolutely loves him . Watch Nicole Richie talk about her daughter " King : Nicole , you 've been through some turbulent times . You 've had drug abuse , wild-child behavior . Entered rehab in 2003 . How have you come through all of that ? Nicole Richie : With the support of my family , really . I 've always stayed really close with my mother -LSB- Brenda -RSB- and my father . I have really great friends . And I just have a really great circle around me who support me no matter what , do n't judge me no matter how low I 've ever gotten . King : How did you deal with it , Lionel ? Lionel Richie : It gave me an amazing opportunity to step up to the plate . I said to her one day : I have some good news and I have some bad news . I said the bad news is that Nicole is going to die . The good news is , she does n't have to . I remember that look on her face of sheer panic . And I said the only person who is going to be able to save Nicole is Nicole . And she went away and about three weeks later I got a phone saying , ` Dad , I want to go into rehab . ' And when she checked into rehab , her mother and I checked into rehab with her . King : What was the toughest part about rehab ? Nicole Richie : It was right before "  The Simple Life " came out . Just the fact that I could n't do it in private really was unfortunate . But we did n't watch TV there or -LSB- had no -RSB- connection to the outside world , which I thought was really great . So I just focused on being positive there and focused on myself . And my parents were there with me . They came for family week . And so I just focused on that and everything just kind of fell in place . Watch Nicole Richie talk about rehab " King : When all of those troubles were going on , did n't it affect -LSB- your -RSB- performance ? Lionel Richie : Thank God for the stage . What the stage was for me was an outlet . It gave me a chance to kind of get away from it for a moment . King : You said that you were not a good dad to Nicole growing up ... was n't there for her . Do you regret that ? Lionel Richie : I was trying to be Lionel Richie . There is a part of -LSB- me -RSB- that 's guilty because I wish I could have been there more for her , but I was trying to make it as the solo guy at that time . King : What kind of dad was he ? Nicole Richie : I really hate when he says that . I hate when he says that he was n't a good dad because my memory of my childhood was nothing but good memories . I remember him coming down in the kitchen in the morning and singing songs and us playing . Was he gone a lot ? Yeah . But he also toured a lot . Even when he and my mom divorced , it was kind of like he was on tour , so I was kind of OK with it . And he 's not perfect , he 's a human and we went through phases of not speaking . I could sit here and I could say that I was a terrible daughter , too , but I am not going to say that . King : How do you like her boyfriend -LSB- Joel Madden -RSB- ? Lionel Richie : Love him . Love him . King : Do n't you want them to get married ? Lionel Richie : I want them to take their time . I 'm more interested in whether they like each other and whether they 're best friends . Because that means they 'll be great parents forever . King -LSB- to Nicole -RSB- : You were adopted . Nicole Richie : Yes . Lionel Richie : When we adopted , -LSB- she -RSB- was 8 , yes . When we first met her , she was 3 1/2 . King : Took five years ? Lionel Richie : She stayed with us for two years before we even thought about legal guardianship . King : Was there a doubt about doing it ? Lionel Richie : It was a tremendous responsibility , but I fell in love . Brenda fell in love . And once you fall in love , you do n't know anything else .	Lionel Richie likes father of his grandchild ; says Nicole should n't rush marriage Nicole Richie says parents ' love and support helped her make it through drug rehab Nicole on Lionel : "  I hate when he says that he was n't a good dad " How was his "  American Idol " appearance ? "  It 's the best fun in the world "
CNN  -- Former South African President Nelson Mandela toiled for 27 years in South African prisons before gaining his freedom and leading his nation from white minority rule to full democracy . In the process , he became an international symbol of strength and hope . Mandela became South Africa 's first black president in 1984 . This month he celebrates his 90th birthday with a lavish , star-studded concert in London that confirms his enduring status as a revered global icon . But his journey from young protester to political prisoner to leader of his nation has not been without heartache and personal loss . Mandela was born in 1918 in the South African village Qunu . He was the son of the chief councilor to a Thembu chief , and he soon became passionate about political reformation , founding the African National Congress Youth League in 1944 with lifelong friend Oliver Tambo . Mandela 's natural leadership skills pushed him front and center during the ANC 's 1952 Defiance Campaign , which urged South African citizens not to cooperate with certain laws deemed discriminatory . Mandela urged nonviolent solutions to the South African government 's political , economic and social oppression of the nation 's black majority . His commitment to nonviolent change was tested , however , in March of 1960 when black protestors in the township of Sharpeville were fired upon by South African police as they gathered to protest a law that required all black citizens to carry passbooks at all times . Sixty-nine people were killed and more than 180 were injured in the clash . The Sharpeville Massacre sparked riots , strikes and protest demonstrations across South Africa , and the government declared a state of emergency . But the massacre also highlighted the tragedy of apartheid to the rest of the world . The United Nations condemned the massacre , and its security council convened on April 1 , 1960 , to consider the ravaging effects of apartheid on South Africa 's people . Inside the country , Mandela and his colleagues reconsidered the use of violence to further their cause for freedom . Mandela formed the revolutionary group Spear of the Nation In 1961 and was named its commander in chief . He slipped out of South Africa for military training in Algeria in 1962 but was arrested soon after he returned . See pictures of Mandela 's life " Mandela had several previous run-ins with police , and he was eventually sentenced to life in prison for his actions protesting South Africa 's apartheid government . At the time of his sentence Mandela made a dramatic statement that illustrated his overarching commitment to freedom : "  During my lifetime I have dedicated myself to the struggle of the African people , " he said . "  I have fought against white domination , and I have fought against black domination . I have cherished the ideal of a democratic and free society in which all persons live together in harmony and with equal opportunities . It is an ideal which I hope to live for and to achieve . But , if needs be , it is an ideal for which I am prepared to die . " Listen to famous speech " During his long incarceration , Mandela nearly became a myth . He smuggled out notes of encouragement to his followers that read like pronouncements . "  Any man or institution that tries to rob me of my dignity will lose , " one note said . He might have been condemned to hard labor in a limestone quarry , but Mandela 's unyielding moral stance held him high on a pedestal to his followers . In 1990 , it became clear to then-South African President F.W. de Klerk that Mandela 's release was necessary for the nation to heal . Mandela was 71 years old when he walked free from Victor Verster prison , his clenched fist held high . He 'd lived a life of protest for a cause for which he 'd been prepared to die . And now he would lead a nation on the brink of civil war to democracy . Three years later , de Klerk and Mandela would share the Nobel Peace Prize . "  The policy of reconciliation that Nelson R. Mandela and Frederik Willem de Klerk represent provides hope not only for South Africa ; it is also a shining example for the world that there are ways out of the vicious circle of violence and bitterness , " said Francis Sejersted , chairman of the Norwegian Nobel Committee as he awarded the shared prize . In 1994 , Mandela was elected president in South Africa 's first all-race general elections . Since his retirement in 1999 , Mandela has turned his attention to international diplomacy : He convinced Libya to hand over two suspects for trial in the Lockerbie airplane bombing , and he played a role in the Burundi peace process . In 2005 , he took up a personal cause closer to home . Mandela 's son , Makgatho Mandela , 54 , died of an AIDS-related illness . Nearly 5 million South Africans may have AIDS , medical experts estimate , and for many in the country discussing the disease is a taboo . "  Let us give publicity to HIV/AIDS and not hide it , because the only way to make it appear like a normal illness like TB , like cancer , is always to come out and to say somebody has died because of HIV/AIDS , " Mandela said in January at a news conference where he announced his loss . "  And people will stop regarding it as something extraordinary . " On Mandela 's 80th birthday he wed his 52-year-old companion , Graca Machel , from Mozambique at a private ceremony in his home in Johannesburg , South Africa . He danced at the double celebration surrounded by his grandchildren , family and close friends .	Mandela born in 1918 in the South African village Qunu Anti-apartheid leader spent 27 years in prison Elected as South Africa 's first black president in 1994
An Australian airline 's policy prohibiting male passengers from sitting next to kids traveling alone has fueled a social media firestorm and caused the company to review the rule . "  I am an emergency service worker when I 'm off that plane , but as soon as I boarded it I was a presumed pedophile , " firefighter Johnny McGirr told CNN Australian affiliate Network Ten . While on a Virgin Australia flight earlier this year , he was seated next to two young boys traveling alone until he says a flight attendant asked him to trade seats with a woman . TSA to investigate racial profiling claims "  It was interesting , like I had done something wrong . Really embarrassed , " said McGirr . He was on a flight from Brisbane to his home in Sydney . Virgin Australia said its long-standing policy , initially based on customer feedback , allowed for unaccompanied children to sit next to women or an empty seat . "  In light of recent feedback , we 're now reviewing this policy , " it said on its blog . "  Our intention is certainly not to discriminate in any way . " In the United States , no major airline prohibits men from sitting next to unaccompanied minors . "  Airlines are acting as custodians of unaccompanied minors , and therefore have the ability to move them to a different seat if they believe that is in their best interest , " a U.S. Department of Transportation spokesman told CNN . "  However , DOT has statutes prohibiting airlines from having discriminatory seating policies , including on the basis of gender or age . ... Therefore , airlines can not have policies forcing a man to move if seated next to an unaccompanied minor , but they can , if they choose , have policies requiring an unaccompanied minor to be moved if he/she is originally seated next to an adult male . " Airlines CNN contacted said they take other steps to ensure the safety of children traveling alone . On United Airlines "  there is no specific seating policy , " airline spokesman Joe Micucci told CNN . "  That said , United has an overlapping security approach designed to ensure the safety and security of unaccompanied minors . " On Southwest Airlines , which does not have assigned seats , unaccompanied minors are seated near the front of the cabin , according to Whitney Eichinger , Southwest Airlines spokeswoman . "  We do not restrict who sits next to an unaccompanied minor , but our flight attendants do check on them frequently in flight . " "  We defer to the expertise of our trained gate agents and crew members who are tasked with ensuring the safety and security of all of passengers . " US Airways spokesman Andrew Christie Jr. told CNN . "  We also intentionally do not announce the boarding of unaccompanied minors so as not to draw unwanted attention to children traveling alone . " The time I lost my kid in public British Airways updated its unaccompanied minor seating policy in 2010 after a lawsuit accusing the airline of discriminating against men . "  We have a specific seating department that follows guidelines to ensure that we place an unaccompanied minor in an appropriate seat , spokeswoman Caroline Titmuss said . "  On some services , this will be in a specially created unaccompanied minors zone within a short distance of the cabin crew in the galley . " Virgin Australia 's policy to prevent men from sitting next to the unaccompanied minors has supporters , including John Shehan of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children in the United States . "  We 're trying to prevent child victimization , " he said . "  We know the overwhelming majority of sex offenders are male , so by removing that situation you 're lowering the risk . " Australian airline Qantas also has come under fire for a similar policy prohibiting men from sitting next to unaccompanied minors . The airline declined to comment . Are you a window flier or aisle seater ?	Man said he was asked to trade seats with a woman He had been sitting next to unaccompanied children on flight Australian airline said it is reviewing the rule No major U.S. carriers have such a policy
Washington  CNN  -- Sure , President Barack Obama claimed victory when he announced from the Rose Garden that more than 7 million people had signed up for Obamacare . "  No , the Affordable Care Act has n't completely fixed our long-broken health care system , but this law has made our health care system a lot better -- a lot better , " he said Tuesday , the day after enrollment closed for the year . "  And that 's something to be proud of . " The Democratic National Committee emailed reporters enticing them to click on a video to watch "  coverage about how the Affordable Care Act is succeeding . " No doubt , Obamacare will have an impact on the immediate future of health care . It 's fair to say that more people have health insurance , whether that 's because of premium subsidies or prohibitions against discrimination against preexisting conditions or the fact that those under 26 can stay on their parents ' health insurance or from the expansion of Medicaid . And the Democratic victory lap is welcome for a party suffocating under the weight of Obamacare politics , including fallout from glitches with the federal health care website and canceled insurance plans . Now that it 's implemented , public opinion of the law is going to be tied to its success or failure . And the first year enrollment figures are only one small indicator . In other words , the Obama administration 's celebration might be legitimate , but it could be premature as the long-term viability of the Affordable Care Act unfolds . Obamacare hits enrollment goal with 7.1 million sign-ups ` The real test is still to come ' There 's a lot more to the story that begins with Obama 's aim to reduce the ranks of the uninsured . "  The real test is still to come , " said Drew Altman , president of the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation . And like any business , the cost and customer satisfaction are going to make or break the law and will ultimately determine enrollment . Elaine Kamarck , a senior fellow with the Brookings Institution , said that if people ca n't afford to pay their monthly premiums , even with the help of government subsidies , then the law will collapse . "  Essentially , it 's all going to be about the cost of the premiums , " she said . Health Secretary Kathleen Sebelius predicted recently that premiums would rise , but at a lower rate than recent history . Sebelius thanks staff , warns work is far from over The first clue as to whether that 's true will come sometime over the summer , when insurance companies begin submitting their rates for 2015 . "  When insurers set their premiums for 2014 , many of them built in some padding , assuming they were going to get an older sicker pool of enrollees , " Levitt said . "  When they set their premiums for 2015 , they 'll be looking at who actually signed up compared to what they expected . " If premiums go up , it will signal insurance companies feel the customers who 've enrolled are sicker -- and thus more expensive -- than expected . But if premiums stay steady or even go down , it will show that the initial pool of customers met their expectations . Altman says there 's another cost factor -- the cost of the deductible . If people can afford the cost of the premium but their deductible is so high that they ca n't afford to pay for their doctors ' visits , then people will give up on the law . And customer satisfaction matters , too . If people are frustrated their doctor is no longer available in their coverage plan and they ca n't get the services they think they need , that could persuade them that it 's more worth it to pay the tax penalty for not being insured . Growing pains Other government programs that are now institutions saw their share of troubles in infancy . A New York Times story from 1996 opened with this : "  Medicaid , the little understood relative of Medicare that provides benefits for needy persons who can not get Medicare , is having trouble persuading state governments to join up . " The story noted that in Kentucky , 12,000 of the eligible 100,000 signed up . Another article in The Times said only 200,000 of an eligible 2 million people nationwide signed up for Medicaid in its first few months . The Children 's Health Insurance Program created in the 1990s also had growing pains . States used less than 20 % of federal funds granted to them for the health insurance program for low-income children . And a 1999 Times story quoted a health care expert saying it was unclear whether the number of uninsured has been reduced with CHIP . More than a decade later , more than 7 million children receive health benefits through CHIP and every senior over the age of 65 has access to Medicare and more than 66 million people were enrolled in Medicaid in 2010 -- a number that has increased with the expansion of Medicaid in Obamacare . What 's next for Obamacare ? But Altman says Obamcare ca n't really be compared to other programs because the number of people who benefit from other government health programs are more uniform : Medicare benefits seniors , Medicaid the poor , CHIP is for children . The Affordable Care Act is so varied , depending on what state you live in and what sort of coverage rules and cost framework is applied . He notes that more than 500 different insurance zones exist around the country , each one impacting consumers differently , so anger in states where costs are high or the governor chose not to expand Medicaid might be at a different level in a state where costs are low . As with any major piece of legislation , the law could still be changed . But politics will determine how much . If Democrats maintain control of at least one branch of government , then it would likely be tinkered with . If Republicans , however , win back the Senate and the White House in 2016 , major changes could come . While Karmack said Republicans are "  going to have a hard time repealing the entire act because pieces of it are extremely popular , " one way to essentially gut the law is to reduce the amount of subsidies that participants receive for their premiums . If the subsides do n't keep pace with the cost of the premiums , then the law will likely be unpopular and the ranks of the uninsured are likely to again rise .	The long-term impact of the Affordable Care Act wo n't be measured for years There are still many variables that will determine the law 's success or failure One expert says it will all come down to whether lower premiums are delivered Deductibles and customer satisfaction will also play into perception of whether it works
Washington  CNN  Like father , like son . Marion Christopher Barry , the 34-year-old son of Marion Barry , the iconic former D.C. mayor and council member who died last year , is running for his father 's seat on the district 's council . Barry -- who goes by Christopher -- declared his candidacy Monday , according to the D.C. Board of Elections . A special election to fill the late Barry 's seat will be held on April 28 , 2015 . The newly minted candidate , whose candidacy has been rumored since shortly after his father died , later sent a tweet about making his bid official . In December , Barry told The Washington Post that he was "  just listening to what the people want , " adding that "  God will send me the message " about whether to run or not . Despite his name recognition , the path to the council will not be an easy one for Barry . He enters into a race with 24 declared candidates , including a number of prominent Democrats in Ward 8 . During his years of power in D.C. , the older Marion Barry became a national symbol of African-American political leadership . Barry was infamously busted in 1990 on law enforcement surveillance tape smoking crack cocaine in a drug sting involving the FBI and Washington police . That footage was televised . Barry was convicted of possession and served six months in prison . Barry , however , made a comeback and was elected to a fourth term as mayor in 1995 . After leaving the mayor 's office , the older Barry was elected to the council of the District of Columbia where he served until his death . Christopher Barry avoided prison in 2011 by pleading guilty for one felony PCP charge and another misdemeanor marijuana charge , according to the Washington Post . Barry received 18 months of supervised probation for the plea . RELATED : Watch more on Marion Barry	Marion Christopher Barry , the son of the late Marion Barry , is running for his father 's seat on the D.C. council Barry declared his candidacy on Monday , according to the D.C. Board of Elections . "  Ward 8 the legacy continues , I 'm energized , let 's go , " Barry tweeted Despite his name recognition , Barry joins a field of 24 declared candidates
CNN  -- It 's not as audible as the noise from vuvuzelas , but internet buzz over the 2010 FIFA World Cup has observers calling the tournament the biggest event in Web history . The tournament has surpassed the historic election of President Obama , which held that honor until now . According to Akamai , a content delivery network , the Web peaked at more than 12 million users per minute just two hours after the kickoff between South Africa and Mexico . By comparison , about 8.5 million people were logging on per minute the November evening that Obama was elected in 2008 . Noisemakers were also sounding out on Twitter , which has been seeing big spikes in the number of tweets every time a big goal is scored . The site , which sees a daily average of 750 tweets per second , recorded a skyrocketing 2,940 after Japan scored against Cameroon last Monday . Nearly as much traffic was reported after Brazil 's first goal against North Korea in its 2-1 victory that same day , as well as after Mexico 's tying goal against South Africa on June 11 . Still , it was an American favorite that scored Twitter 's single-biggest moment . The Los Angeles Lakers ' victory against the Boston Celtics at the NBA Championship last Thursday generated a record 3,085 tweets per second as the game ended . Read about fans keeping track of matches during office hours . Nonetheless , World Cup numbers have been so consistently high that Twitter was struggling to keep its ship afloat . The social networking site reported several outages attributed to high traffic specific to the World Cup . The site said on its blog that it is "  making real-time adjustments so that we can grow our capacity and avoid outages during the World Cup , " and will allow users to monitor the status of the site . And it 's not just the average  or angry  soccer fan who 's tweeting . When the United States was denied a miracle comeback against Slovenia last week after a referee 's controversial , late-game call , FIFA President Sepp Blatter turned to Twitter for a "  response " to the resulting hullabaloo . He wrote : "  Thanks for all the questions on refereeing . My views on improving refs and video technology are here . " The link directs readers to a statement he made in March , explaining why there would be no instant replay at the World Cup , or anywhere else in world soccer , reported TIME.com . Twitter said Monday it could not immediately provide statistics on the number of tweets it received during that match . Blatter has been tweeting regularly since the start of the matches , with his vuvuzela tweet attracting nine followers per second , according to FIFA . The federation 's website , FIFA.com , also has seen record-breaking numbers . Close to 300 million pages were accessed by nearly 10 million visitors when Brazil beat North Korea . It 's a similar picture on TV . According to a report in Mediaweek , the first 14 matches of the World Cup , as seen on ESPN and ABC , have delivered an average of about 3.3 million viewers , which is a 64 percent increase from the same period in 2006 , CNN.com reported Monday . The U.S.-England match , which ended in a tie June 12 , drew 13 million viewers to ABC , making it the most-watched first round World Cup game in U.S. broadcast history .	The Web peaked at more than 12 million users per minute at the start of the World Cup World Cup numbers are so high that Twitter is struggling to keep its ship afloat The 2010 World Cup has surpassed Obama 's election in Web traffic
CNN  -- Do n't throw out your roller bag just yet . Officials in the Italian city of Venice are denying a reported ban on wheeled luggage , saying they wo n't impose large fines on tourists using them . Last week they were widely quoted saying they hoped draft laws to be introduced in May 2015 would curb damage and disturbance from noisy bags . The prospect of fines of up to 500 euros  $ 620  generated uproar and concerns about how many of the 22 million tourists who annually visit Venice would cart their luggage into a destination with restricted access to vehicles . Now the city 's special commissioner , Vittorio Zappalorto , has issued a statement insisting proposed new noise regulations will only be directed at trolleys used by traders and are not intended as an outright prohibition . "  I firmly deny that the municipality of Venice has ever thought to ban the use of trolleys in the historical center , " he said . ` Preservation of serenity ' The new regulations , he insisted , will apply solely to "  handcarts and transpallets transporting goods on the pedestrian paths , " which he said cause severe erosion to Venice 's historic paving . "  This is particularly annoying when it happens in the early hours of the day , when many people are still sleeping . " He added : "  This does n't mean , however , that the municipality will ban the use of them starting from May . The draft seeks only to regulate . " Despite the denial , Zappalorto said he hoped the furore surrounding reports of restrictions on wheeled luggage would prompt the tourism industry to address the issue of noisy bags . He echoed earlier comments , reported by the local Il Messaggero newspaper , in which he was quoted saying a ban would hopefully inspire luggage manufacturers to introduce softer , air-filled tires . "  This will undoubtedly be a deserving action that will contribute to the preservation of our architectural heritage and to the serenity of residents and tourists themselves , " he said .	City special commissioner Vittorio Zappalorto says rules on noise restriction have been misinterpreted He says a maximum 500 euro fine will not apply to wheeled luggage being used in the city Zappalorto says he hopes the furore will nevertheless encourage the tourism to address noisy baggage issue
Washington  CNN  -- Texas Gov. Rick Perry may not be dancing with rabbis this Hanukkah season * , but the Lone Star State 's outgoing chief is still looking to find common ground with the Chosen . Perry released a statement on the first night of Hanukkah comparing the plight of the Maccabeesâ $ " Jewish rebels who fought back the Seleucid Empire in the second century B.C.â $ " to that of American tea partiers under British rule . "  It is fitting that the first night of Chanukah falls this year on the anniversary of the Boston Tea Party , " Perry said in a statement Tuesday . "  The same spirit of freedom that inspired the Maccabees to rise up against a foreign empire motivated our Founding Fathers to rebel against the Crown on that fateful night . They knew , as the Jewish people know , that the few can overcome the many , that right can defeat might , that faith can transcend persecution . No matter how vast the darkness , all it takes is one candle to spread the light . " Perry , who has hinted at a second run for the presidency in 2016 , also used the occasion as a reminder of his support for the modern Jewish state , a must for any White House candidate . "  Our Republic , like the light of the ancient Menorah , has lasted longer than anyone could have predicted . America remains a beacon of hope in difficult times for the world , he said . "  And Chanukah reminds us of the power of faith to sustain a nation and ensure the security of our ally , Israel . " But the award for best attempt at Jewish outreach from a gentile governor with White House dreams goes to Wisconsin Republican Gov. Scott Walker . The son of a Baptist preacher , Walker , in an undated letter released in an August document dump but which did n't surface in the media until this December , concluded his correspondence to a constituent asking if he would light a Menorah in the state capitol for Hanukkah with the words , "  Thank you again and Molotov . " Presumably , he meant , "  mazel tov . " From all pandering politicians out there , Happy Hanukkah . . * Perry did , in fact dance with rabbis after this article was published . Watch here : https://vine.co/v/Ognzm7iu1ev	The outgoing Texas Governor made a political statement with his Hanukkah well-wishing
Washington  CNN  -- Under fire about disclosures of broad National Security Agency snooping on global leaders , President Barack Obama is offering a two-pronged response : You do it , too , and we 'll make some changes . Thousands of documents leaked by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden have portrayed the vast reach of U.S. surveillance activities , keeping tabs not only on U.S. call data but also global Internet and e-mail traffic . Germany to send intelligence officers to U.S. . But Snowden 's NSA documents , published recently in the Guardian , Der Spiegel and other publications , also describe spying on foreign leaders and that has now complicated U.S. diplomacy , the Obama administration acknowledges . Lisa Monaco , Obama 's homeland security and counterterrorism adviser , said in an op-ed published in USA Today that the president ordered a review of surveillance programs "  including with respect to our foreign partners . We want to ensure we are collecting information because we need it and not just because we can . " It 's not clear what changes will come from the review and even if they 'll be made public . These programs are , after all , secret . Or they were before the Snowden disclosures . U.S. ambassadors in Europe and Latin America have been summoned by host countries to be scolded about the spying revelations . On Friday , European leaders ended an EU summit in Brussels with a stern warning to the United States about the spying activities : "  A lack of trust could prejudice the necessary cooperation . " The EU leaders did n't mention curtailing any spying activities directed at the United States or elsewhere . Among the leaders in the European response is Angela Merkel , the German leader who is in talks to form a coalition government following elections . Merkel called Obama and raised the sensitivities of Germans related to government spying , because of the activities of the former East Germany 's Stasi . White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters that the United States understands the sensitivities but defended the activities . "  There are real threats out there against the American people and against our allies , including Germany , including allies around Europe and around the world , " he said . The spying activity is part of what 's expected around the world , U.S. and foreign officials say . For years , U.S. government officials have been required to leave behind their laptops and phones when they travel to China , Russia and Israel , U.S. officials say . To thwart expected spying they bring specially formatted devices , the officials say . A former senior U.S. counterintelligence official says the United States contends with economic spying from allies , including France , Israel and South Korea . China and Russia remain the top countries with spying operations in the United States . In the 1990s , former French spy chief Pierre Marion acknowledged the activity . In a U.S. diplomatic cable obtained by WikiLeaks and published in the Norwegian newspaper Aftonposten , Berry Smutny , an official with the German satellite company OHB Technology , is quoted as saying : "  France is the evil empire  in  stealing technology , and Germany knows this . " France was among the countries who summoned its U.S. ambassador to protest the reported NSA activities . Former Mexican president Vicente Fox , speaking to Spanish-language media during a visit this week , expressed surprise that his country 's current president , Enrique Pena Nieto , had protested spying by the NSA . "  There 's nothing new about the existence of spying by every government in the world , including Mexico , " he said , dismissing any offense taken by Mexican authorities . He said he knew as president that he was being spied on by the United States . But he also recalled that Mexican spies had him under surveillance when he was running for president in 2000 . One Latin American ambassador told CNN this week that he was n't surprised at the reported NSA snooping activities , because all governments spy . But he was astonished at the scale , which he attributes to the money and technical abilities of the United States . "  They do it because they can , " the ambassador says . "  My country does n't do it because we do n't have that kind of money and we do n't have the technology . " Stewart Baker , a former senior U.S. homeland security official in the Bush administration , says the outrage in Europe appears to ignore the scale of hacking from China , most of it believed to be state-sponsored . "  The difference is the Chinese have never leaked documents , " he said . He also noted that protests by Merkel now are different from 2007 when the German leader traveled to China shortly after revelations that Chinese hackers had infiltrated German computer networks . News accounts then said only that Merkel smiled as she met Chinese leaders . "  When she had a chance of take on some real communists for hacking into her computer , she swallowed her objections , " Baker said .	Obama orders review of surveillance programs after disclosures of allies snooping on allies U.S. diplomats have been summoned to European and Latin American capitals for scoldings Despite public posturing , intelligence officials say friends snooping on friends is part of the game
CNN  -- Three men who escaped from prison in Belgium in a daring helicopter escape committed a string of robberies on Saturday , a police spokesman said . Ashraf Sekkaki is considered to be one of Belgium 's most dangerous criminals . The escapees , who include a man considered to be one of the country 's most dangerous criminals , robbed a bank , a gas station and two storage facilities , said the Bruges police spokesman Sunday . "  In two hours they did four robberies , " said the officer , who declined to give his name . "  We think they need money . " He added that he did not know if the alleged crimes were captured on CCTV , and that police have no idea where the fugitives are now . The fugitives are Mohammed Johry , Abdel Had Kahjary Mulloul and Ashraf Sekkaki . Sekkaki is considered one of Belgium 's most dangerous criminals , Interpol said , with more than 16 convictions for violence , including bank robbery and kidnapping . Accomplices of the three inmates hijacked a helicopter on July 24 and forced the pilot to land in the prison courtyard , Interpol said . "  It was just like in a film , " helicopter pilot Ludwig Louwagie told the Belga news agency . He said a couple had booked a sightseeing tour of the Bruges region . While in flight , the man suddenly pressed a weapon against his temple , Louwagie told Belga . The man took away his headset so the pilot could n't talk to ground control and forced Louwagie to land in the prison courtyard , he said . "  I tried to land next to the prison , but the weapon was still pressed hard against my temple , " he said . "  I had no choice . " He was unhurt , Belga reported . A 22-year-old man of Moroccan origin was an accomplice to the group but had to stay behind because the helicopter could n't carry everyone , the Belga news agency reported . The jailbreak prompted Interpol to issue an international alert to police around the world to be on the lookout for the men . Jailbreaks by helicopter are becoming "  far too common " worldwide , Interpol Secretary-General Ronald Noble said . CNN 's Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	Men who escaped Belgian prison in helicopter committed string of robberies Escapees include man considered to be one of country 's most dangerous criminals Trio rob a bank , a gas station and two storage facilities , police say
CNN  -- Riyo Mori is a classically trained ballet dancer who won the 2007 Miss Universe beauty pageant . She talks to CNN about Tokyo , dancing and baseball . Trained ballet dancer Riyo Mori was crowned Miss Universe in 2007 . CNN : What made you decide to enter the Miss Universe competition ? Riyo Mori : My Grandmother . Japan , 50 or 60 years ago , was very conservative . Women had to stand behind men and never talk , never give an opinion -- and my grandma was different . I love her so much . She found out that there was Miss Universe Japan and that 's how everything started . She said , "  Riyo , you 're young , you can dance , you can teach dancing , you love it , it 's good -- but maybe you should see a different world . Just go for it . " And I said , ` OK ' and now I 'm here . CNN : What 's it like for you to be back in Shizuoka ? Riyo Mori : It 's so nice to be back home . I can relax , I can sleep . This is my first vacation , I think -- just having fun with my family , my friends , and talking to my friend in a café . That was my normal life before and since I became Miss Universe it suddenly stopped . I always have to be in the mood , and I have to be Miss Universe , so this is just perfect for me to be in my hometown of Shizuoka . CNN : How would you describe your relationship with Tokyo ? Riyo Mori : I love Tokyo , like I love New York ; I love big cities . The first time I came to Tokyo was even before becoming a finalist for Miss Universe Japan . I was so excited . Also I was scared too , because people look so fashionable and people look so confident here and I was just a tourist from the countryside . I was very nervous . People from all over the world come to see Tokyo , and so that 's why you can see very unique people here . People speak Spanish , French , German , English , and Japanese ; there 's a very mixed culture here CNN : How would you define Tokyoites ? Riyo Mori : I feel like people are so energetic here , so different from Shizuoka . People keep moving -- they never stop . Tokyo never sleeps . Tokyo people are so busy all the time . I would n't say they are cold , they 're just busy ; they do n't have time to talk to others . I need a balance , I have to be in Shizuoka for maybe 50 percent of the year and I have to be in Tokyo too , because I need this energy . CNN : How did you become a dancer ? Riyo Mori : I started to learn dance in mother 's dance school . My mom is my best friend , of course , my mother and teacher . So we have very unique relationship . We are not just mom and daughter , we 're also teacher and student . My mom teaches jazz dance , tap dance , modern dance , but she does n't teach ballet . I thought I should learn how to teach ballet , so I can have different class than she has . So I went to Canada when I was 16 . I went to high school and professional ballet school in Canada . It was very , very tough , but it was worth it now that I can teach ballet . Now I want to teach young people , through dancing , how to be positive , patient and happy . These three things are very important to me . Dancing means a lot to me , because dancing is my life , part of my life . I have been dancing for a long time -- maybe 17 years . Dancing is great because this is how I express myself ; this is where I learned how to be confident . CNN : What was your mum 's reaction to you winning Miss Universe ? Riyo Mori : She was very happy when I won Miss Universe -- ` my daughter can travel the world and see people ' -- see the culture that she could n't . So she was very happy . CNN : Outside dancing , what else do you enjoy ? Riyo Mori : I 'm a huge fan of baseball . Baseball fans here in Japan are very supportive and crazy . They can go crazy too , but that 's a good part of Japanese people -- if you like something , you 're very into it and support it . CNN : What else do you love about the city ? Riyo Mori : I think Tokyo is the best place to shop . Ginza is a great place and I like the atmosphere too . When I became finalist for Miss Universe Japan , almost every week I went to Harajuko to shop . Also , this is very close to Miss Universe Japan 's office , so I was back and forwards to the office almost all the time . Maybe you have heard about Harajuku girl ; there is a very famous street in Harajuku -- Takeshita-Dori -- and here you can find very crazy people , who dress up like dolls . There 's a very crazy , unique fashion code -- that 's why people like it .	Riyo Mori says her grandmother convinced her to enter Miss Universe She says Tokyo has a very mixed culture and the city never sleeps She wants to teach young people to be patient and happy , through dancing Tokyo is a great place to shop -- especially Ginza and Harajuko , she says
CNN  -- An Atlanta-area woman is angry after she says police used a little-known messaging feature on Facebook to contact her after her son was killed . Anna Lamb-Creasey says it took several weeks to find a message from Clayton County police telling her to call them . The news was that her son , 30-year-old Rickie Lamb , had died after being hit by a car January 24 . Even after finding the message , she initially ignored it . Lamb-Creasey says the message came from a Facebook account under the name "  Misty Hancock " that featured an image of Atlanta rapper T.I. as its profile picture . "  I 'm like , OK . ... I 'm thinking it 's just fake , " Lamb-Creasey told CNN affiliate WSB-TV . On Facebook , users can message other users who are not their friends . But those messages show up not in their inboxes but in an "  Other " folder that many users do n't know to look for . Clayton County police did not immediately return a message Tuesday seeking comment . They told WSB they had tried reaching Lamb 's family in more conventional ways , including visiting several physical addresses , but were unsuccessful . Police told the station Monday that they were investigating why the message was sent from what appears to be a personal account instead of an official one . The family finally contacted police on Valentine 's Day when Lamb-Creasey 's daughter , who received a similar message , called them . A tearful Lamb-Creasey said she 's furious at the department . "  They told me that they did the best that they can do . But I 'm not sure about that , " she said . "  If they can track a criminal down , they could n't track me down ? They could have done better . I 've been on my job 13 years . They could have found me . "	Woman is angry after police sent Facebook message asking her to call Anna Lamb-Creasey did n't find the notification for three weeks Facebook messages from non-friends go into a little-known "  Other " folder
CNN  -- Within minutes of the news of his death , the backlash started . In the comments section of his CNN.com obituary , on Twitter feeds , in blog posts . Nelson Mandela should n't be revered as a civil rights icon , the statements screamed : He should be exposed for what he is : A communist . A terrorist . A racist . To be sure , Mandela ca n't be neatly grouped with Mahatma Gandhi or Martin Luther King , Jr. . Unlike them , he was n't always the pacifist he was known for in his later life . But should that be grounds for such bile-spewing vitriol ? We take a look at the three most common sentiments in these online accusations and put them in context . CONTENTION 1 : Nelson Mandela was a communist What they 're saying : "  Before you go all wet and runny over Mandela , remember he was a communist , and he never changed his views . " "  So Nelson Mandela was a communist who supported Saddam Hussein and befriended Gadaffi apparently ... " What 's the basis : Mandela was branded a communist by the white apartheid government , which made it a crime to be one . And it was a label the United States was all too content to accept . The Cold War between the United States and the Russian Soviet Union was in full swing . The Soviets had constructed the Berlin Wall just months before , and the world was dividing up into opposing camps -- allies of the United States or allies of the Soviet Union and China . This included many African nations . South Africa 's government came down on the side of the West -- and communist or not , Mandela was squarely on the other side . What 's the truth : Mandela 's close association with Marxists goes back at least to the 1940s , when he was enrolled in law school . He began a life-long friendship with Joe Slovo , "  an ardent communist , " the anti-apartheid icon wrote in his autobiography "  Long Walk to Freedom . " Mandela described Slovo as of the people , "  without whom I would have accomplished very little . " A watershed moment tightly bonded Mandela to Slovo and other communist allies . Police gunned down 69 unarmed protesters in the town of Sharpville in March 1960 . Then the government banned the communist party and the African National Congress , which fought for the freedom of black South Africans . With Slovo and other Marxists , he co-founded the militia movement Umkhonto we Sizwe . It 's meaning : "  Spear of the Nation . " On December 16 , 1961 , the group carried out its first attacks on government installations and handed out leaflets announcing its existence . But was Mandela a dyed-in-the-wool communist ? Not really , believes South African historian Sampie Terreblanche . "  You must understand it all against the apartheid struggle . " Mandela found the ANC too tame and had begun to push for a violent struggle in the 1940s , when he headed its youth league , the former professor of economics at Stellenbosch University said . The communists were for the use of violence , and Terreblanche believes it led to the alliance . After his release from prison , Mandela made some high-profile appearances with communist leaders . He visited Fidel Castro in Cuba . And to commemorate the relaunch of South Africa 's communist party in 1990 , he gave a speech . But he also made a point of distancing his own party . "  The ANC is not a communist Party , " he said . CONTENTION 2 : Nelson Mandela was a terrorist What they 're saying : "  It 's amazing we forget he was a terrorist " "  Please explain how it is racist to point out that biographical articles about Mandela are leaving out his terrorist actions pre-1991 . " What 's the basis : The United States government placed Mandela on a terror watch list , where he stayed until 2008 -- long after his term as President of South Africa , and even longer after his receiving the Nobel Peace Prize . He was placed on it because of his group 's militant fight against apartheid . At the time that Umkhonto we Sizwe carried out its first attacks , Mandela was at its helm . The next year , in 1962 , he left for Morocco and Ethiopia , where he secretly studied guerrilla warfare . When Mandela returned home later that year , he was arrested and charged with illegal exit of the country and incitement to strike . Undeterred , Umkhonto we Sizwe built a militia and in 1963 made plans to start a civil war . Police intercepted the plan and arrested Mandela and other ANC leaders . Mandela received a sentence of life in prison . What 's the truth : It 's true that Mandela once believed that civil disobedience was not enough to vanquish racism and apartheid . He felt he had to decide between the better of two evils -- submit or fight . He may not have been directly behind the attacks , said Hermann Giliomee , a historian from South Africa . "  He was on the run , so I do n't think he had time for the planning on this . " Giliomee finds the 1963 plan amateurish , not exactly the design of a master terrorist . "  I think it 's a very naÃ ¯ ve plan with very little outlook for success , " the former professor of political science at the University of Cape Town said . Mandela changed his views on violence during his 27 years of incarceration . The rebel transformed into a pacifist . "  As I walked out the door toward the gate that would lead to my freedom , I knew if I did n't leave my bitterness and hatred behind , I 'd still be in prison , " Mandela said after he was freed . CONTENTION 3 : Nelson Mandela was a racist What they 're saying : "  How convenient that we choose to ignore that he once sang , ` Kill white people ' " "  If apartheid was racist toward blacks , Mandela was equally racist towards whites " What 's the basis : Umkhonto we Sizwe beat the war drum against the "  white supremacy " and "  the white state . " Its members often sang a song called "  Bring Me My Machine Gun . " What 's the truth : Though he despised white minority rule that kept the black majority down , he did n't dislike whites . "  He was rather strong against racism , " Terreblanche said . "  The day before he was sent to Robben Island , he made a speech in parliament that he was against all forms of racism . " He was prepared to die for non-racialism , the historian said . Joe Slovo , one of Mandela 's best friends , was white -- as were many other revolutionaries who joined him in the militant group . "  Umkhonto we Sizwe is a new , independent body , formed by Africans , It includes in its ranks South Africans of all races , " the group said in its manifesto . Mandela has long espoused the way of reconciliation and called for there to be no racial violence in retribution for apartheid . In transitioning from the segregationist regime to a non-racial democracy , he partnered closely with his white predecessor , former President Frederik Willem de Klerk , who shared the Nobel Peace Prize with him . At a sports match in 1995 , as President , Mandela made a gesture of support to white South Africans that drew gasps . Rugby was the dominant sport of white South Africans of Dutch heritage -- Afrikaners -- and was reviled by blacks . During a world championship match against New Zealand , Mandela walked onto the pitch wearing the jersey of his team 's captain . The scene inspired the 2009 Hollywood movie "  Invictus " directed by Clint Eastwood . The crowd began chanting his name . They were almost all white .	A backlash poured in against Mandela 's positive eulogies Detractors accused him of being a Communist , terrorist , racist There is some truth to some of the claims Mandela had a close association with Communists and cofounded a militant group
Washington  CNN  -- The Senate on Tuesday gave final approval to CIA Director Leon Panetta 's nomination to become defense secretary when Robert Gates steps down at the end of June . Panetta 's approval on a unanimous 100-0 vote was widely expected after the former congressman and Clinton administration official received bipartisan support during his confirmation hearing earlier this month Senators from both sides of the aisle offered effusive praise for the 72-year-old nominee , who pledged at the hearing be a "  tireless advocate for our troops and their families . " In a statement issued after Tuesday 's Senate vote , Panetta said he was honored by both his nomination and the unanimous approval . "  I would like to thank the Senate for the strong vote of confidence , " Panetta 's statement said . "  I pledge to them and to the nation that I will work to ensure that we continue to have the strongest , best-trained and best-equipped military in the world . " Panetta , who took over at the CIA in February 2009 , served as chief of staff to President Bill Clinton between 1994 and 1997 . Before that , the California Democrat served as director of Clinton 's Office of Management and Budget , a position requiring mastery of tricky fiscal situations and an understanding of the federal government 's sprawling bureaucracies . Panetta also served in the House of Representatives from 1977 to 1993 , a period in which he established deep congressional ties . President Barack Obama has nominated Gen. David Petraeus , currently head of the NATO International Security Assistance Force and U.S. forces in Afghanistan , to replace Panetta at the CIA .	NEW : Panetta says he is honored by the Senate 's approval The Senate votes unanimously in favor of the CIA director succeeding Robert Gates Senate confirmation was expected Gen. David Petraeus is nominated to succeed Panetta at the CIA
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- The Iraqi Presidency Council approved a resolution Sunday that will allow non-U.S. foreign troops to remain in Iraq after a U.N. mandate expires at year 's end . British troops talk in Basra last week . Iraq on Sunday OK 'd foreign troops to remain in the country after the new year . It was the last step for final adoption of the resolution , which won parliamentary approval Tuesday . Iraq 's main political parties hammered out the resolution a week ago , after an impasse among parliamentary factions threatened to continue beyond the December 31 deadline . A separate , previously approved agreement authorizes U.S. troops to remain . Britain has about 4,100 troops in Iraq , the second-largest contingent after the United States , which has about 142,500 . Other countries covered under the resolution -- El Salvador , Australia , Romania and Estonia -- have a total of several hundred troops in the country . The resolution authorizes Iraq to negotiate bilateral agreements with the countries , Kurdish lawmaker Mahmoud Othman said . If it had not been approved by year 's end , their troops would have been in Iraq illegally . In November , the United States concluded a separate agreement with the Iraqi government authorizing the continued presence of its troops . U.S. combat forces plan to pull back from population centers in Iraq by July and to withdraw from Iraq by the end of 2011 . The British government says its forces will complete their mission of training Iraqi troops by May 31 and withdraw from the country by July 31 . In other developments : • Four people were killed and 20 wounded Sunday when a suicide bomber targeted a demonstration in Mosul against Israeli military operations in Gaza , a Mosul police official said . About 30 minutes into the rally , a suicide bomber wearing an explosive vest detonated after riding his bicycle into a crowd of protesters , police said . • One of three al Qaeda in Iraq prisoners at large after a Friday jail break in Ramadi was killed in a gun battle with police Saturday , and the remaining two were arrested early Sunday , according to Ramadi police and an Iraqi Interior Ministry official . Amad Ahmed Farhan was among 40 al Qaeda in Iraq prisoners who escaped from jail at al-Fursan police station . An Iraqi police patrol drove by Farhan 's sister 's home and Farhan began shooting at officers , a police official said . He then fled , jumping from the roof of one house to another before a police sniper gunned him down . The remaining two prisoners , Abdul Aleem Abdulwahab and Lazem Mohammed Ali , were found hiding in water tanks Sunday at a home where they had threatened two women and several children with weapons , the Interior Ministry said . Of the 40 who escaped , 24 were taken into custody , six were killed in the clashes and seven others were wounded . Ten Iraqi police also were killed . • A car bomb killed at least two civilians and wounded four others Sunday near the western entrance to the city of Falluja , an Interior Ministry official said . Falluja is a Sunni town located about 35 miles  60 kilometers  west of Baghdad . • A U.S. soldier was killed by a bomb Sunday in northern Baghdad , the U.S. military said . The soldier was with Multi-National Division - Baghdad . No further details were given . The death brings the U.S. toll in the Iraq war to 4,217 . CNN 's Jill Dougherty and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	NEW : Suicide bomber kills 4 in Mosul at protest against Israel 's Gaza airstrikes Resolution approved by Presidency Council replaces U.N. mandate set to expire After U.S. 's 142,500 troops , Britain has second-largest contingent : 4,100 Authorities capture two al Qaeda in Iraq escapees , kill another from Friday jailbreak
CNN  -- I get it . I get all the Pinterest jokes . I totally agree it is causing many of us already stressed-out moms to feel like we are in constant competition to throw the perfect birthday party , make the perfect school snack and take the perfect family photo . And yet , I will totally own the fact that I am a Pinterest mom . I 'm that lady . I threw my daughter , Elyse , a superhero party for her 6th birthday and made everything by hand . I create whimsical Halloween costumes . I make occasion-appropriate snacks . I do not do this to bolster my flagging ego or to one-up my fellow moms . I do this because , as a special-needs mom , there are a lot of "  mom " things I am NOT . My second daughter , Anabelle , was born with the neurological disorders lissencephaly and microcephaly . Lissencephaly means "  smooth brain " and microcephaly means "  small head . " What this means is that while she was in utero , her brain stopped developing , due to a random miswriting of her genetic code . Now almost 4 , she is cognitively still a newborn . She can not hold up her own head , she eats through a gastronomy tube in her stomach , she requires oxygen support when she sleeps and she can not control her own body temperature . She has quadripalegic cerebral palsy , is legally blind and has severe epilepsy . It is unsafe to have her outside in all but the most optimum weather conditions , and it 's risky to bring her around crowds of people and all their germs . Because of this , my older daughter , 6-year-old Elyse , spends a lot more time at home than many of her peers . There are a lot of things Elyse does n't get to do . I am not a "  Let 's join the traveling soccer team and spend hours every week on the road " mom . I 'm not a "  Do every activity you want as long as you get your schoolwork done " mom . I am not a "  playdates every weekend " mom , a "  spectator at every event " mom or a "  spontaneous family trip " mom . "  Hell , I 'm not even a "  well-planned vacation " mom .  Depending on Anabelle 's health , I 'm not even a "  tuck you into bed every night " mom . I have forgotten to send my daughter to school in a jersey on sports day , I have missed sign-ups for things , and I have said no to classes Elyse wants to take because I can not possibly get her there every week . When Anabelle was 6 months old and Elyse was 3 , a friend sent me an "  invitation " to join Pinterest . It was like opening the golden gates to never-ending possibilities for the trapped-at-home mom I so often was ! While I have always considered myself passably crafty , what I am not is wildly creative . And there it was : The ultimate guide to the perfect childhood ! OK , I admit that 's overstating it a little bit , but I was a desperate , terrified , newly inducted special-needs mom with a bored , over-active toddler on my hands . Armed with endless ideas and step-by-step instructions , I could create wonderful memories with Elyse despite rarely leaving home . The thing many people do n't realize about being the parent of a special-needs child is that , for those of us who also have kids without disabilities , it is usually their well-being and future that cause us the greatest heartache . Anabelle has never wanted for a thing in her short life . It is Elyse who never has two parents at her side on outings , or may never get that trip to Disney World she so desperately wants . Elyse knows that only one parent will be there for her school events . We are the family with only one parent in the stands at sporting events and one parent in the audience for dance recitals . In Anabelle 's case , she is so susceptible to getting ill that it just is n't safe for her to be in a crowd . Elyse 's father and sister were not at her last birthday party because it was outside in the July heat , which Anabelle can not manage . Elyse does have to pay the price for having a special-needs sibling . My typical child breaks my heart much more frequently than my special-needs child . The needs of my second child restrict the movement most parents of young children are used to in their lifestyle , and that affects both my children . It is for Elyse that I have to get creative in the ways I create memories . It can be really hard not having the time to be the mom I would like to be . But the one thing I DO do ? I spend a lot of time at home . Anabelle 's fragile health means she lives in a virtual bubble a lot of the time . I might not be able to run Elyse around doing fun activities and having experiences outside the home , but I can create fun and memories inside the home . Elyse helps me with most of my Pinterest-inspired activities . It allows us to bond and express our creative energy . It allows me to contribute something meaningful to her childhood beyond hospitals and therapists and holding the suction wand for her sister . So please , do n't take it as a challenge when my daughter and I make her teacher 's end-of-the-year gift . I 'm just using what I have so my daughter has one thing about which she can say , "  Hey , MY mom does that ! " Do you use Pinterest as a parenting tool ? Share your experiences in the comments section below .	Katherine Linzey discovered Pinterest when her daughters were 6 months and 3 years old With a special-needs child , she ca n't always be there for her other daughter The scrapbooking site allows her to create memories without leaving home Got a parenting confession ? Send it to iReport .
CNN  -- A top Egyptian opposition leader Saturday urged a boycott of parliamentary elections in April , describing them as "  an act of deception . " Mohamed ElBaradei is one of the leaders of Egypt 's National Salvation Front , a coalition of opposition groups . In a tweet from his official account , he called for the boycott , just like he did three years ago . "  Called for parliamentary election boycott in 2010 to expose sham democracy . Today I repeat my call , will not be part of an act of deception , " it read . But Essam Erian , a senior member of the Muslim Brotherhood 's Freedom and Justice Party and leader of the majority party in Egypt 's upper house of Parliament , criticized the proposed boycott . "  Evading a popular test -LSB- by not participating in the parliamentary elections -RSB- only means that some people want to assume the executive powers without a democratic mandate , " Erian said on the party 's Facebook page . "  Participation -LSB- in the upcoming elections -RSB- is the best choice for any politician who has any popular support . Because if he or she has a popular majority then this will be reflected in majority wins or seats won that can translate into participation in the executive branch or remaining in Parliament as an opposition force , " Erian said . On Saturday , Egypt changed the series of dates for the country 's parliamentary elections in several areas to accommodate Coptic Christians and their Easter celebrations , state-run Middle East News Agency reported . President Mohamed Morsy decreed the changes , the agency said . The first stage of the elections will be held April 22-23 instead of April 27-28 in the governorates of Cairo , Behaira , Minya , Port Said and Northern Sinai . The second stage will be held on May 11-12 instead of May 15-16 in Giza , Alexandria , Sohaj , Bani Swaif , Aswan , Suez , Red Sea and New Valley . The runoff will be held May 19-20 instead of May 22 and 23 in those areas , the agency said . The third stage will be held May 28-29 instead of June 2-3 in Daqahliya , Qalyubia , Monufia , Qena , Damietta , Luxor , Matrouh and South Sinai . The runoff will be held on June 5-6 instead of June 9-10 . The fourth stage will be held on June 15-16 instead of June 19-20 in Sharqia , Gharbia , Assiut , Kafr el-Sheikh , Fayoum and Ismailia . The runoff will be held on June 23-24 instead of June 26 and 27 . The House of Representatives , the lower house in Egypt 's bicameral system , will hold its first session July 2 instead of July 6 , the agency said . The elections will be the first since Egypt 's highest court dissolved the lower house of parliament in June , and it will be the first full Parliament in Morsy 's presidency . The upper house , the Shura Council , has continued to meet . In the past year , violent clashes in Port Said , a coastal province along the Suez Canal , have highlighted the longstanding resentment residents there feel toward Cairo . Previous elections have been held in three stages , rather than four . On Friday , ElBaradei tweeted : Morsy 's "  decision to go for parliamentary elections amidst severe societal polarization & eroding state authority is a recipe for disaster . " ElBaradei headed the International Atomic Energy Agency , the U.N. nuclear watchdog , from 1997 to 2009 . He also ran unsuccessfully in Egypt 's presidential election last year . CNN 's Amir Ahmed contributed to this report .	Muslim Brotherhood party leader criticizes boycott effort Egyptian president decrees election schedule change to accommodate Copts Mohamed ElBaradei urges a boycott of parliamentary elections in April He says he "  will not be part of an act of deception "
Good or bad , TripAdvisor usually thrives on reviews -- but when antitrust officials in Italy gave their damning opinion of the travel website , it was n't quite so happy . Slapped with a 500,000 euro fine  $ 611,000  for unfair trade activity and "  misleading consumers , " TripAdvisor has hit back , accusing the Italian Competition Authority  ICA  of being out of touch . "  We think the ruling is unreasonable , strongly disagree with its findings and will file an appeal , " it said in a statement . "  We firmly believe that TripAdvisor is a force for good -- both for consumers and the hospitality industry . " The regulator complained that people reading TripAdvisor Italy were unable to distinguish between genuine and fake reviews posted on the site . It said both were presented by TripAdvisor as "  authentic and genuine in nature . " Demanding payment of the fine within 30 days , the ICA also accused the travel company of failing to provide proper checks to weed out bogus postings . It said TripAdvisor Italy had fallen foul of three articles of the Italian consumer code , "  making it likely to mislead a wide audience of consumers . " ` Zero tolerance ' In its response , TripAdvisor said it took aggressive action to fight fraud and had adequate systems in place to prevent it . It complained that the Italian watchdog 's "  zero tolerance " rules meant it would be liable to the same punishment even if just one review out of millions was deemed questionable . "  From our initial review we believe that the ICA 's recommendations are unwarranted and out of touch with commercial realities , not just of a user-generated content business , but of any company in any sector , " it said . "  The bottom line is , if people did n't find the reviews helpful , they would n't keep coming back to our site . " Founded in February 2000 , TripAdvisor now claims to be the world 's largest travel website , hosting millions of reviews from its community of users . The now ubiquitous write-ups have caused numerous upsets within the travel industry , with some operators and hotels complaining of being unfairly maligned . In one recent case , a hotel in Blackpool , England , fined a guest who posted a bad review calling the establishment "  filthy , " "  dirty " and "  rotten . "	Italian antitrust body levies $ 611,000 fine against TripAdvisor Italy Italian Competition Authority says website misleads readers into thinking all reviews are genuine TripAdvisor says it will appeal and insists the ICA 's rules are out of touch
CNN  -- In their first year at Yale Law School , many of the students who would graduate in 1979 were nervous about raising their hands . They often felt intimidated by their professors and complained to one another outside of class . Sonia Sotomayor is pictured in the 1978-79 yearbook of Yale University Law School . But not the confident , outspoken Sonia Sotomayor , classmates recall . "  She was always willing to speak up and give her point of view , " said classmate Robert Klonoff , now dean of the Lewis and Clark Law School in Portland , Oregon . "  I just remember , even back then , thinking that in a group of very , very smart people she was destined to go great places . " Sotomayor , who was nominated to the U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday , has been described as a studious , outgoing person by classmates from her class at Yale . "  At a time when other students were sitting around worrying about workload , she was doing the work , " said Stephen Carter , who attended Yale Law School with Sotomayor and now is a professor there . Classmates noted that Sotomayor 's background was not typical for a Yale Law student . While many other students had come from wealthy backgrounds and had parents who attended the university , Sotomayor grew up in a housing project in the South Bronx in New York . She then attended Princeton University on a scholarship , graduating summa cum laude in 1976 . Her background did n't seem to shake her confidence , classmates said . And she did not use her experience of hardship as leverage in arguments , Carter said . "  She would never sit around and say , ` Oh , well , I grew up in a housing project so I know , ' " he said . "  She did n't feel her background gave her some kind of special trump . She wanted the argument to work . She would tell you why she thought something , and the ` why ' never had anything to do with where she came from . " Sotomayor 's emphasis on opportunities for people of color has been instrumental in Klonoff 's own thinking , he said . "  As dean , I 'm very passionate about diversifying my law faculty and diversifying the student body , " he said . "  She was very influential in my own thinking on that , on the importance of those values . " Sotomayor demonstrates passions for the law and questions of justice , said Susan Sturm , a Columbia Law School professor and classmate of Sotomayor at Yale . The two women still keep in touch , Sturm said . "  She 's someone who really respects and admires the law as an institution and , within that , the law 's capacity to really respond to concerns running the spectrum of people who are currently disadvantaged and those who have responsibilities , " Sturm said . Outside of class , Sotomayor served as an editor of the Yale Law Journal . Several of her classmates remember a note she published in the journal about whether Puerto Rico would lose its rights to offshore minerals if it became a U.S. state . Carter was impressed by her use of an old doctrine of constitutional law in her analysis -- she looked at its roots , its reasoning , and the best way of crafting exceptions to it . Learn more about Sotomayor 's life " "  Her work was thorough , dogged , careful and persuasive ; steeped in legal sources and attentive to real-world consequences , " said Martha Minow , now a professor at Harvard Law School , in an e-mail . She and Minow were classmates and remain friendly , she said . Sotomayor 's later opinions as a judge on the court of appeals reflect some of the same qualities seen in that note , particularly the idea of finding a practical , "  in-between " solution to a problem , Carter said . "  She looks and she says , ' I understand a lot of people think A , and a lot of people Z , but if you look at this carefully the real answer is somewhere between those , ' " he said . "  And indeed what she does in finding these in-between answers is she applies a practical sense , the sense of someone who has been a courtroom lawyer . " Today , Carter teaches some of Sotomayor 's business law opinions in his courses . Her continued emphasis on finding practical solutions is refreshing in a world where public discussions about law are usually about "  good guys and bad guys , " he said . Learn about the other Supreme Court justices " " ` Good guys and bad guys ' is a wretched way to pick judges and it 's a wretched way to make law . Thinking about what works practically is a much finer way to make law , and I think that 's what you 'll find Sonia doing . " The choice of Sotomayor for the Supreme Court seemed so appropriate to Klonoff that , upon learning Justice David Souter was stepping down , Klonoff wrote a letter to the President 's Council urging that she be nominated . "  Given her life experience , I think she 's going to have a sensitivity that many others could n't bring to the job , " said Klonoff , who also still keeps in touch with Sotomayor . "  This was a master stroke for the president , I think , on so many levels , and not only to have the first Latin-American on the court , but to pick someone with absolutely impeccable credentials and experience , and to have both the trial and appellate experience , " Klonoff said . "  She 's really smart , intellectually brilliant , she 's street smart which is a nice thing to be , in my view , if you 're a judge , " said Rudy Aragon , now an attorney in Miami , Florida , and classmate of Sotomayor . He and Sotomayor were co-chairs of LANA , the Latin , Asian , and Native American student association at the law school . He also said that Sotomayor 's mother saved up all her money to buy a set of encyclopedias so her kids could learn . Personally , Sotomayor is "  warm , funny , and down-to-earth , " said Harvard professor Minow . The judge is a "  born teacher " with an attentiveness to detailed facts , she said . "  She has never forgotten where she came from , nor how challenging life can be for people struggling to make it in this country , " she said .	Sonia Sotomayor graduated Yale University Law School in 1979 She has been described as outgoing and studious by former classmates In the Yale Law Review she wrote about Puerto Rico 's potential statehood Classmate : Sotomayor is a "  born teacher " with an attentiveness to detailed facts
Babylon , Iraq  CNN  ISIS has smashed priceless ancient statues in Mosul , bulldozed the ruins of Nineveh and Hatra , and dynamited centuries-old churches , mosques and shrines . In a battle between Iraqi forces and ISIS over control of Tikrit recently , the tomb of Saddam Hussein was squashed to rubble , though it 's not clear which side did it . Luckily , the ancient city of Babylon is outside the extremists ' grasp , south of Baghdad . For nearly 5,000 years it has stood as a symbol of the glory of ancient Mesopotamian civilization . Saddam Hussein renovated the ruins in the 1980s , leaving his own crude personal stamp on the bricks there . They bear his name and describe him as the son of Nebuchadnezzar , who had the reputation of being ancient Babylon 's greatest king . One of Hussein 's former palaces still peers down over the city . But it continues to be source of great pride for Iraqis who see themselves as the heirs of the world 's oldest civilization . And many Iraqis know better than to buy the claims of their deposed despot . "  This was n't Saddam 's , " said Adnan Abu Fatima . "  It belonged to our grandfathers , the Babylonians . " Abu Fatima strolled through the ruins with his family . Saddam 's vain brick inscriptions may annoy him , but ISIS ' destruction appalls him . "  The Mosul museum was destroyed . Why ? " he wants to know from ISIS . "  That is the heritage of your grandfathers . Why did you do that ? " The defacers ' reasoning ? The artifacts , some of the oldest in ancient civilization , are from the "  age of ignorance , " ISIS says , before the advent of Islam . Antiquity is an integral part of Iraq 's national identity . History is measured there not in centuries but in millennia , and Iraqi 's take such vandalism to heart . They 've had to watch since the U.S. invasion in 2003 how artifacts have been stolen . Baghdad 's museum was plundered , during a lapse in U.S. security , and the priceless artifacts were smuggled around the world . The U.S. State Department has announced it will return more than 60 items on Monday , which had been sneaked into the United States . Safa ad-Din Hassan and other parents took Iraqi scouts on a camping trip near Babylon to teach them about their history and make ancient artwork with them . Hassan fled Mosul when ISIS overran it last year then later ransacked the museum . "  When I saw what happened , I was determined to come her to preserve our antiquities from ISIS , " he said . Iraq will defend its heritage against ISIS , said Mohamed Hattab from Iraq 's Antiquities Department . "  Babylon is our soul . " It 's a soul under assault by latter day barbarians , who have destroyed much of it in the North , which has been out of the defensive reach of Iraqi soldiers . The military has started a drive to retake Saddam Hussein 's hometown of Tikrit from the extremists . After the rage of a battle subsided , they moved in to the outskirt town of Awja to find the former dictator 's tomb flattened . Video of soldiers standing on top of it was posted to YouTube . They celebrated the posthumous slap against their former tormentor . One man fired shots into the rubble toward Hussein 's grave site . It was a piece of history they were glad to part with . CNN 's Ben Wedeman reported and wrote from Babylon , and Ben Brumfield reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Yousuf Basil contributed to this report .	ISIS has ransacked museums , bulldozed ancient cities , destroying human history But the ancient city of Babylon is out of their reach in Iraq 's Shiite region
CNN  -- Do you know why so many children think they 're entitled to a comfy life filled with toys , smiles and puppy dogs ? I blame Santa Claus . Not "  white " Santa Claus or "  nonwhite " Santa Claus . Just Santa Claus . Christmas came early for perennial critics of Fox News when host Megyn Kelly got sucked into the country 's racial vortex by insisting that Santa Claus -- and , also , for that matter , Jesus -- is white . It all began with a column by Slate culture blogger Aisha Harris , who is African-American . In the piece , provocatively titled "  Santa Claus should not be a white man anymore , " Harris noted that she grew up with "  two different Santa Clauses " -- one in popular culture that was white , and one she knew in her household , who was black . She advocated that , from this point on , Santa should be depicted as , eh , a penguin . Kelly was having none of it . "  Just because it makes you feel uncomfortable does n't mean it has to change . Jesus was a white man , too . It 's like we have , he 's a historical figure that 's a verifiable fact , as is Santa , I just want kids to know that . How do you revise it in the middle of the legacy in the story and change Santa from white to black ? " After being criticized and ridiculed from here to the North Pole , Kelly accused her detractors of "  race-baiting " and claimed that her comment was lighthearted . She did apologize , however , for her comment about Jesus , saying she had learned the question was "  far from settled . " I can relate to part of what Harris said . As a parent , I 'm also living with two different Santa Clauses . But it has nothing to do with skin color . My two Santas are "  Good Santa " and "  Bad Santa . " I 'm not worried about what color Santa Claus is . Teacher to student : You ca n't be Santa -- you 're black What I 'm worried about is the challenge of raising well-behaved kids in a society that sometimes make this difficult . As a parent of young children -- 8 , 6 and 4 -- I want to care for them but not coddle them . I do n't worry about being too hard on my kids or demanding too much ; I 'm more concerned that , like many parents , I 'll wind up being too soft , too accommodating and too eager to excuse their misbehavior . I want them to be kind , thoughtful , generous and grateful for all they have . And do you know who sometimes works against me on that last front ? Ol' St. Nick himself . You see , the opposite of grateful is n't ungrateful . It 's entitled . After all , it 's hard to feel thankful for something that you believe you 're owed . And if you want to know where the American culture of entitlement begins , try eavesdropping when your kids talk to Santa Claus . You 'll either get Good Santa or Bad Santa . In my first encounter this year , I got a Good Santa . I know the difference because , over the years , I 've had plenty of Bad Santas . That guy -- who lingers at malls and department stores -- must work on commission . He encourages kids to rattle off a list of all the toys they want . Kids come away thinking that Christmas is all about gifts -- and unearned gifts at that . Bad Santa does n't ask anything in return for his largess . A child gets toys just by being a child . On the other hand , Good Santa is old school . He requires that kids put some skin in the game . That 's what happened when I took my 6-year-old son , along with his 6-year-old and 5-year-old cousins , to see Santa just a few days ago . We were n't at the mall or department store but at a Christmas get-together at our neighborhood club house . When the boys approached Santa and began to rattle off what they want for Christmas , he put up his hand and stopped them . First , he asked if they had been good this year . Then Santa got on his soapbox . He told them to listen to their parents  and their uncle  and not fight with their siblings . And if they did that , he said , maybe they 'd get the toy they want . But they 'd only get one , so they had better choose wisely . The kids nodded obediently . They each asked for one gift and promised to hold up their end of the bargain . The jury is still out . I was pleasantly surprised . This Santa really was a saint . He was the kind of Santa I remembered growing up , and I had n't seen him in years . Throughout life , our kids will get plenty of encouragement to think of themselves as entitled . We should make the holidays about teaching them that , whatever they want , they have to earn by being good -- good to others , making good choices and practicing good behavior . Some people say it takes a village to raise a child . But do you know what would really come in handy ? A few good Santas . Meanwhile , back in the cultural war , it 's a silly waste of time for Americans to argue over whether Santa is white or black . What matters is his philosophy on gift-giving . Besides , this whole argument is positively 20th century ! In 2010 , Latinos made up 16 % of the U.S. population , and they are expected to account for as much as 30 % by 2050 . Everyone knows that , at least in the United States and Latin America , Santa is Latino . So , this year , skip the cookies , and leave out some tamales . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Cultural debate flares over question of whether Santa is white Ruben Navarrette says Santa 's color does n't matter , but his message does He says Santa 's message should be that kids earn gifts but are n't not entitled to them At holiday time , some Santas help parents do their job right , Navarrette says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Western cinema 's relationship with martial arts has been a rocky one . Like many genres , kung fu has drifted in and out of fashion , but it has never regained the same popularity as its glorious heyday in the early 1970s . There 's nothing funny about either Bruce Lee or Chuck Norris . And they 've got the fists to prove it . After breaking into the United States and Britain with TV hardmen like The Saint and The Green Hornet duffing up the occasional bad guy , the revolution really kicked in at the cinema . When Bruce Lee -- who had already made waves in America as the Green Hornet 's karate chopping sidekick , Kato -- appeared in the Chinese-made "  Jing wu men , " or "  Fist of Fury , " he established himself as the genre 's poster boy . Lee found initial success in his native China , but with his next movies , "  Meng long guo jiang "  "  The Way of the Dragon "  , which pitted him against U.S. karate champion Chuck Norris , and the classic "  Enter the Dragon , " he became an international star . The plots of his films all followed a set structure : our gifted hero pursues a path of revenge or tough justice , accompanied by a stiff dose of morality . In this way his characters became representatives and protectors of the less powerful who have been unjustly treated . At the same time , the U.S. TV show "  Kung Fu , " which started in 1972 , raised the profile of martial arts , and , through the lead character Caine , built an image of the patient , wise man , who uses his skills in combat as a last resort when reasoning fails , and again , is motivated entirely by his unshakeable morals . The reluctant hero is n't a new concept : he 's shared by the Far East and Wild West . The lone gunman in a western , too , tends to be loath to kill , and acts as the moral enforcer in a lawless place . But while the gunman in an isolated western town still commands the same respect from movie audiences as he lays down the law , our wise eastern mystic has almost entirely disappeared from Hollywood . The biggest martial arts stars today -- with the notable exception of Jet Li , who continues to take on a mix of serious art movies in China and gang-war films set on the streets of urban America -- are either laughed at or laughed with by western audiences . Kung fu superstar Jackie Chan has the impressive reputation of being almost indestructible . He does his own stunts and puts himself in some incredibly dangerous situations . But Chan is essentially a comedian . His stunts are used , in a very similar way to Chan 's cinematic hero Harold Lloyd , to amaze and amuse an audience . We are shocked that someone could do the things he does , hanging off moving buses with a walking stick , leaping across buildings . He is almost superhuman , but it 's done mainly for laughs . The other major kung fu stars have become figures of mockery . The Internet was awash with Chuck Norris gags pointing out just how strong he is  "  Chuck Norris does not sleep . He waits . "  while Steven Seagal has done himself no favors by appearing in some of the worst films ever made . Hollywood does n't take them seriously -- and nor do we . Directors have also mocked the 70s obsession with kung fu that gripped the western world , with heroes from films such as "  Boogie Nights , " "  Austin Powers " and "  Starsky and Hutch " fighting with cod seriousness while displaying laughable skills . So what has changed ? Kung fu is not inherently funny . No matter how many times you watch "  Enter the Dragon , " it never ceases to be awe-inspiring . Perhaps the answer is simple : we Hollywood film junkies have grown cynical . There is no room in our modern world for an unexplained , almost supernatural power against pointlessly evil adversaries . Have we have lost our ability to suspend our disbelief ? So what can a real fan do ? Are we condemned to trawling the movies of the 1970s in order to get our kung fu hit , harking back to a time when Chuck Norris really was feared and respected everywhere he went ? The answer is no . While Hollywood seems to have dumped its one-time darling , kung fu is alive and flourishing in Asia , where it all started . Jet Li puts out some great offerings in China , and there is a rising star in the form of Tony Jaa , a Thai actor with amazing technical skill , whose films like "  Ong Bak " have wowed audiences across the world . While Hollywood misses a trick and spends all its time laughing at its most skillful martial artists , the industry in Asia is doing what it has always done : bringing us all the high kicks , karate chops and spinning nunchucks we could ever want . E-mail to a friend	Kung fu has never regained its 1970s popularity in the West The genre has been mocked in movies like "  Austin Powers , " "  Starsky and Hutch " But fans know the genre is alive and flourishing in Asia
CNN  -- Are you ready for some football ? You may not be as ready as you think if you 're planning to have folks over to watch the Baltimore Ravens face off against the San Francisco 49ers in New Orleans on February 3 . All any Super Bowl party needs is a television , chips and dip and a cooler full of brewskies , right ? Well , do n't start Kaepernicking in victory quite yet . While event planning professionals agree those are key ingredients , they say that trinity is not necessarily all it takes to throw a party worthy of a touchdown dance . Just ask Bill Furtkevic and Stephen Pino from Party City . Aside from a big screen for the big game and a table with food and drink , they offered a slew of other essential components for stylish Super Bowl soirée . Eye-catching decor , a unique menu , custom entertainment , wearable favors and fun invitations can make your party stand out from the standard last NFL season hurrah , Pino said . The Super Bowl is the second-largest food consumption holiday of the year , according to the USDA , behind Thanksgiving and ahead of Christmas Day . Stadiums sculpted out of meat products or complicated dishes that wo n't be savored during a gripping game might not give hosts the bang for their buck that they 're hoping for . The Food Network 's Sandra Lee , known as much for her tablescapes as for her creative use of packaged food , advises , "  think ` do-able , ' and take smart and simple shortcuts when possible . " Although team loyalty can divide a party , a welcoming buffet spread can unite it . Use what you have at hand to present the burgers , hot dogs , chips and dip in a creative way , said Atlanta party planner April Trigg , founder of Eventologie . "  Go get your kids ' footballs and put them on the table , " Trigg said . "  Anything like that that you already have in your house , why not put it on your buffet tables ? You 've got instant party . " Natural turf is another easily accessible accessory . Go outside and dig up some grass to decorate your Super Bowl tabletop , Trigg recommends . The food , too , can be great décor . Trigg offers guests guacamole served in avocado halves , reminiscent of the shape of a football . Lee said she takes at least two weeks to plan casual gatherings in order to give herself enough time to shop for the best decorations and centerpieces . Her party supplies for a Super Bowl shindig might include team color tablecloths , pom-poms , cheer sticks , craft paper and Astro Turf , she wrote in an e-mail . Trigg and Lee agree that , aside from great decorations , hosts should consider who 's coming to the party and how they might commune . Lee calls this the "  energy of the room . " To keep the party exciting , Trigg plans games for kids  such as a best team cheer contest  and competitive BBQ throwdowns for the adults . Pino suggests turning the big game into a party game . Provide guests with penalty flags to throw during the famously high-concept commercials . "  Bad commercial ! Bad commercial ! " he shouted with glee . Not everyone will be glued to the tube or the grill the entire time , Trigg said . She makes sure to provide multiple areas for guests to mingle . "  The Super Bowl is more than just football , " Lee wrote . "  It 's a fun celebration , and everyone can appreciate that . " "  At the end of the day , it might not be your favorite team in that last final game , but it 's more about bringing your friends and family together , honoring that tradition , " said Trigg , whose Atlanta Falcons just missed out on a trip to the big game New Orleans this year . "  Guests come to the party to watch the game AND see the host , " Lee wrote . To that end , hosts should dress the part . A team-colored feather boa or tutu helps make Super Bowl party photos truly memorable , Furkavic said . Party City also stocks photo booth kits for the Instagram crowd . If you 're not interested in buying a bunch of themed favors and prefer to have your party leave a small environmental footprint , that 's possible , too . Trigg , who plans small gatherings as well as big blowouts , finds ways to make her events environmentally sustainable . She reuses materials as much as she can when planning and decorating , and uses compostable paper plates and cups at her parties , as well as recyclable cutlery . No matter what kind of Super Bowl party you choose to throw , a quick glance at one 's homeowner insurance policy is another smart step in the party planning process . Wait , what ? It 's just a Super Bowl party , right ? And yet , according to the American Bar Association , if a guest gets food poisoning , is injured at your home or drives drunk after a party , the host could get sued . It 's important for hosts to plan for the unexpected . "  I 'm a big proponent of safety , " Trigg said . She 's a fan of the car service Uber -- which can pick you up based on your smartphone 's GPS -- for those over-imbibing . "  I like to have it be part of the game , have people drop their keys right away , " she said . Do you have any clutch tips for throwing an unforgettable Super Bowl party ? Share them in the comments section below .	More planning is involved in a Super Bowl party than one might assume The Super Bowl is the second largest food consumption holiday in the nation The big game may not keep everyone entertained ; plan alternative entertainment Prepare for the unexpected : Food and alcohol safety can be your legal responsibility
CNN  -- On the one hand , there 's the need to respect and protect people 's constitutional right to congregate and express their opinions . On the other , there 's the need to make sure all people and all property are safe and secure . But , if and when these responsibilities ' conflict , where do you draw the line ? That 's a question authorities in Ferguson , Missouri , are having to answer this weekend . In fact , they 've had to answer it every day and night since 18-year-old Michael Brown was shot dead by a police officer . The shooting stirred anger , indignation and emotional , expansive , racially-charged protests . At times , these protests have been followed by looting -- as happened overnight Friday -- and confrontations with police . "  If there was an easy way to separate those who hurt from those who helped , we would . But it 's hard , " Gov. Jay Nixon said . "  And sometimes , especially at night , we ca n't . " Acknowledging "  the balance is important " between maintaining security and protecting the First Amendment right to free speech and peaceable assembly , Nixon on Saturday decided that -- for five hours daily , at least -- security will take precedence . He 's instituted a curfew for Ferguson to last between midnight and 5 a.m. Governor imposes curfew in Ferguson "  This is not to silence the people of Ferguson or this region or others , but to contain those who are drowning out the voice of the people with their actions , " Nixon said . "  We will not allow a handful of looters to endanger the rest of this community . " His decision stirred instant indignation among many gathered at the community meeting where he announced it . Some screamed out that authorities ' priority should be to provide justice to Brown 's family , not to clamp down on those calling for it . Carissa McGraw is one of those protesters who do n't think the curfew makes sense , accusing authorities of being focused more on intimidating people than addressing their core concerns and calls for justice . The order might further fuel residents ' animosity by giving the implication that police do n't trust them to be on the streets . Beyond that , McGraw simply thinks having a curfew wo n't work -- and , in fact , might make things worse for community-police relations if it leads to confrontations . "  They 're not going to do this , " McGraw said of people abiding by the curfew . "  You have people who -- at this point -- do not care what authorities say right now . " Rebuilding trust seen as key The shooting of Brown spurred animosity among Ferguson residents toward their police force . The fact that Brown was black while the man who shot him , officer Darren Wilson , is white added fuel to the tension . The police response in the days afterward did n't help , with some criticizing it as too militarized and heavy-handed . Nor did Ferguson police Chief Thomas Jackson 's decision to release video and documents calling Brown the "  primary suspect " in the robbery of a box of cigars from a convenience store , only to add hours later that this robbery was n't related to why Wilson confronted the teenager . Multiple officials -- from U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder to Missouri State Highway Patrol Capt. Ron Johnson , who has been overseeing the security in Ferguson since Thursday -- have spoken about the need to rebuild trust in the community for law enforcement . But as community members ' shouting down of Johnson and the governor at a meeting Saturday illustrated , it has n't happened yet . Far from it . The situation did appear to calm significantly Thursday , when Johnson literally and figuratively embraced the protesters rather than confront them . Then came Friday night and early Saturday morning , violence that McGraw said she believes was "  instigated by the police officers themselves  who  were in their militant stance against the people . "  At that point , the people were like , ` Wow , we 're supposed to have our freedom . We 're supposed to be able to do this . And you 're still being very aggressive . ' " Ex-FBI official : ` No choice ' but to have curfew There are also those who think police were n't aggressive enough as men looted stores around Ferguson overnight Friday . While some activists criticized authorities for using armored vehicles and tear gas in one instance , on the other side store owners ripped police for not stepping in and arresting those responsible . Not being as aggressive could invite more criminal acts in Ferguson , claims Tom Fuentes , a former FBI assistant director and CNN law enforcement analyst . "  If I was a police officer on the street once again in that situation , I 'd be scared that the message went out to all the hooligans in the greater St. Louis area , if you need a new TV set or you need something , come to town because we 're not going to stop you when you start looting stores , " Fuentes said . "  That 's a horrible message to send . " In Fuentes ' opinion , authorities had "  no choice " but to institute and enforce a curfew . A full week in , the situation has not gotten much better -- as the unrest overnight Friday shows . As Cincinnati Police Chief Jeffrey Blackwell said , "  There is no excuse for looting to be going on six days later in a community in the United States . " If people go after more stores , what are police supposed to do ? If they throw rocks or Molotov cocktails at police , what 's wrong with having them wear riot gear and armored equipment ? And , the bottom line , how long can this go on before authorities step in and clear the streets ? If the protesters aim to get their message out and , in so doing , get justice for Michael Brown , then "  we must first have and maintain peace , " Nixon said . And having a curfew should help in that regard , he argued . "  The eyes of the world are watching , " the governor added . "  This is a test of  whether  a community -- this community , any community -- can break the cycle of fear , distrust and violence and replace them with peace , strength and ultimately justice . " Cincinnati chief : Some residents must ` stand up ' Will Ferguson pass that test ? Will residents and the police come to see other as being part of the same solution , rather than seeing each other as the problem ? A big part on how that relationship turns out might depend on what happens with officer Wilson , including whether he 's charged and/or convicted in Brown 's shooting . But beyond that , the most important thing all parties must do is talk , Blackwell said . Really talk . "  Their needs to be words of healing , " the Cincinnati police chief said of what police and other officials must express . "  There needs to be a strategic dialogue that is aimed at resolution and reconciliation . " It 's not all on police , though . The people of Ferguson -- especially the leaders among them -- also have a responsibility to speak up , act out and take care of their community , according to Blackwell . That means working with police as partners , not as adversaries , for the common good . "  There needs to be some people that stand up , " Blackwell told CNN . " ... The people in Ferguson that stand for justice and stand for peace need to be in the trenches with law enforcement , right now . " What 's next as authorities probe Ferguson shooting ?	Ferguson , Missouri , has seen large protests , some violence Residents are angry over police shooting a teen , the police response afterward Authorities say they respect rights to assemble , but also have a duty to maintain security
CNN  -- A Florida jury has recommended the death penalty for a plumber who kidnapped , raped and murdered a police detective 's daughter . Denise Lee 's frantic 911 call was the centerpiece of her killer 's trial . Michael King , 38 , showed no reaction Friday afternoon as the jury 's 12-0 decision was announced in Sarasota . Jurors deliberated for nearly three hours . King was convicted a week ago of first-degree murder and related offenses in the January 17 , 2008 , death of Denise Lee , a 21-year-old mother of two boys . Nathan Lee and Sgt. Dave Goff , the victim 's husband and father , remained composed in court . They had maintained a daily presence in the courtroom during a trial that included the heartbreaking tape of Denise Lee 's frantic 911 call on her captor 's cell phone . Watch the jury recommend death " In Florida , a jury 's recommendation for a death sentence is advisory . King will be formally sentenced later . Judges rarely overturn a jury 's unanimous decision . Jurors Marcia Burns and Pat O'Quinn told reporters that defense testimony about King 's head injury from a sledding accident and his low IQ carried little weight in the jury room . Denise Lee 's father and husband had hoped for the death penalty . "  I do n't think he should be able to live another day , " Nathan Lee said Friday as he awaited the verdict . Lee and Goff told the jury that she was a bright young woman who put aside her career ambitions to marry her college sweetheart and raise their two boys , now 2 and 3 . "  She was everything we could wish for in a daughter and more , " Goff said . Several jurors had tears in their eyes as Nathan Lee described his wife as a devoted mother who was nursing one son and potty-training another when a stranger abducted her from their home . "  I was so proud to call her my wife , " he said . "  Denise was the love of my life , my soul mate . I knew after our first date that I had found the perfect girl . " He added that their boys "  know their beautiful , courageous mommy has gone to heaven and now is an angel . " King 's siblings spoke of how a childhood sledding accident left him with a head injury that contributed to a lifetime of troubles . One expert described the injury as a "  divot " in his brain . Experts testified that scans indicated that King 's brain was abnormally shaped , especially his frontal lobe : the center for logic , planning and reason . His IQ was described as about 76 , in the low range . A person with an IQ of 70 is considered to be mentally retarded , according to testimony . King 's brother , Greg , testified that the defendant was 6 when he crashed head-first into a post while being pulled on a sled by a snowmobile . "  I felt bad for him , " Greg King said . "  I felt responsible , but I was n't . " As a child , Michael King would get a faraway look in his eyes , witnesses said . Once , he fired his BB gun at witches he said he saw in the trees . Another time , he chased family members around the house with a running chainsaw . His eyes were "  bugging out , " his brother testified . King also complained of headaches and hearing "  a buzzing sound " in his head , Greg King told the jury . King seemed to be deteriorating mentally in late 2007 , according to testimony . He faced foreclosure , was considering filing for bankruptcy and broke up with a girlfriend on Thanksgiving Day . The ex-girlfriend , Jennifer Robb , testified that he sat on the bed staring into space and unable to dress himself . "  He acted as if he were somewhere else , " she said . But she said she never knew him to be violent . According to testimony , Lee was taken from her home during the afternoon , driven to King 's home , sexually assaulted and then shot in the head and buried in a ditch . During the trial , Lee 's voice filled the courtroom as her desperate 911 call was played to the jury . Listen to the heartbreaking 911 call " A 911 operator repeatedly said "  Hello , " and Lee was heard pleading with her captor : "  I 'm sorry . I just want to see my family . ... I just want to see my family again . Please . ... Oh , please , I just want to see my family again . Let me go . " Eventually , Lee managed to say , "  My name is Denise . I 'm married to a beautiful husband , and I just want to see my kids again . ... Please , God , please protect me . " Lee 's heart-shaped ring , a gift from her husband , was found in King 's car , and hair matching hers was found on duct tape at King 's house . According to testimony and court records , Lee fought frantically for her life , banging on the windows of King 's green Camaro , screaming for help and begging one witness , "  Call the cops . " Several people reported seeing something suspicious and called 911 . But authorities did n't find Lee in time , and allegations that dispatchers mishandled the calls have led to criticism of the local 911 system . The 911 communications breakdown was blamed on a shift change , and two dispatchers were suspended , according to the St. Petersburg Times . Lee 's husband has launched a foundation bearing her name that works toward 911 reform . He plans to file a lawsuit this month , a family spokesman said .	Jury votes 12-0 to recommend death sentence Michael King convicted of kidnapping and murdering Denise Lee Mother of two was taken from her home by man in green Camaro Centerpiece of trial was victim 's frantic 911 call
CNN  -- Board a bus or a train today and chances are you 'll see several people with eReaders in hand . While most probably bought their electronic books on a popular website , you may find a few who borrowed the paperless books from the library . EBooks accounted for 6.4 % of all publishing in 2010 , according to the American Association of Publishers , and 114 million electronic books were sold last year . While the majority of eBooks sold today are bought by individual readers , a growing number of the paperless books are winding up in public library catalogs . "  Our popular e-content collection at ebooks.nypl.org currently has over 75,000 copies across more than 35,000 titles , " said Christopher Platt , director of Collections and Circulation Operations at The New York Public Libraries . He oversees the intake of more than a million new items every year . While that sounds like a lot of eBooks , it 's a tiny fraction of the system 's overall number of books available for lending . "  We have over 6 million items across our 90 locations in the physical circulation collections , " Platt said . EBook lending is growing at a fast pace at the New York Public Library . The number of downloads of electronic books on the library 's website grew by 81 % in the last 12 months , Platt said . The more than 9,000 public library systems across the country are experiencing a similar growth in eBook demand . So why would someone pay for an eBook if they can download it free from a library 's website ? After all , the process is more or less identical to buying an electronic book on Amazon.com or Barnes and Noble 's website . That has publishers approaching eBook lending with some trepidation . Several large publishing companies have yet to make eBooks available to public libraries . Those that have sold eBooks to libraries set limitations on how they can be loaned out . For example , one electronic copy of a book can be taken out by just one reader at a time . Some companies limit the number of copies of a book they 'll sell to a library . A few have set a limit on how many times a book can be downloaded . Platt said publishers should n't be concerned that eBook lending will affect commercial sales of eBooks . "  Digitally , there 's kind of a fear right now , " Platt said . Several publishing companies were contacted for this story but none returned messages seeking comment . "  The impact is profound both on the publishers and the libraries , " said author Warren Adler . He has written 30 books , including "  The War of the Roses " and "  Random Hearts . " Both were made into popular movies . Adler said he believes as more publishers make eBooks available to libraries , the companies will limit the number of times most books can be loaned out . "  They have a product that has to get out there even to libraries . I do n't think they 'll remain reluctant . " Adler said . "  They 're going to have to figure out ways to stay profitable and this is going to be a challenge . " Consider that public libraries make up 10 % of all book sales in the United States each year . While publishers are concerned about the institutions competing in the eBook market with a free product , libraries are also an integral part of the publishing industry 's bottom line . "  We do not want to see any publisher go out of business , because they create the content , " Platt said . "  It 's very much that we 're on the same side of the fence here . We just have to be able to work together . " As with physical books , there can be a wait involved in downloading an electronic book from a library 's website . Publishing companies call that wait "  friction " and it 's why they 're comfortable with libraries lending physical books for free . But publishers think there 's less friction involved in borrowing an eBook from a library 's homepage . The concern is that this could affect commercial sales . Librarians think making eBooks available for lending has value for the publishing industry . Platt said it exposes readers to books in a way that legitimizes the material . That material can reach a much wider audience . Libraries across the country recently developed the ability to make their eBook downloads compatible with the Kindle , Amazon.com 's eReader . Amazon.com representatives did not respond to a request for an interview . Amazon sells more eBooks in the United States than any other company . Some patrons noted that a library is more than just a place where people go to take out books . They often serve as civic meeting centers . They offer an opportunity for social interaction that you do n't get with eBooks . "  I love the libraries , " said Ronald Baines outside the New York Public Library Branch on 5th Avenue and East 40th Street in Manhattan . "  They 're entertaining . Since I was a kid they were very entertaining and they 're resourceful . As I became older they became more important to me in terms of identifying information and accessing information " Baines has never read an eBook . "  The written word is a wonderful thing and that 's something you should always have in your hand ... turning those pages , there 's an experience that comes with that . " Carol Salzano walked out of the same library branch with a bag full of books . She worries that libraries will lose their place in society as borrowing eBooks grows in popularity . "  I think it will be sad . I mean there 's just something about smelling the books and the whole experience , " Salzano said . "  It 's like a feeling of calm and peace and you do n't really get that anymore . You ca n't just sit and read a book . " Platt is n't concerned about the potential for libraries to lose their role as a gathering place . He said they 'll continue to offer enriching programming that draws people to the buildings With the closing of Borders bookstores there are just about as many public library branches in the United States as there are commercial bookstores ; more than 16,000 . It may not be surprising , then , that while more people are borrowing eBooks from libraries , more people are also going to libraries . "  Our usage is going up as well , " said Platt as he pointed out that New York libraries loaned more than 28 million items in 2010 . "  That 's a lot of people coming through our doors . " But the number of digital patrons is growing at a much faster pace . "  We have , I think , over 150,000 Twitter followers on our flagship Twitter account and over 40,000 Facebook friends , " Platt said . He hopes that more publishing companies will see the benefit in making eBooks available to public libraries with mutually beneficial arrangements . One possibility would be the creation of subscription packages segmented into specific genres or themes such as best-sellers , classic novels and children 's books , each with their own price . The challenge for publishing companies is figuring out how to capitalize on the millions of people across America who patronize libraries without having too much of the product being given away .	Paperless books are winding up in public library catalogs Source : Publishers should n't be concerned that eBook lending will impact sales of eBooks As with physical books , there can be a wait in downloading from a library 's website
CNN  Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is scheduled to speak Wednesday to a joint meeting of Congress . The address marks the first time in history that the head of the Japanese government will address the entire U.S. Congress , and given the importance of the U.S.-Japan relationship , it is an invitation long overdue . So far , Prime Minister Abe 's appearance has garnered much less attention than last month 's speech to Congress by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . This is not surprising ; in a recent survey by the Pew Research Center nearly three-quarters of the respondents indicated they had "  never heard of " Shinzo Abe , underscoring just how difficult it is for the Obama administration to sell its much-vaunted "  pivot " or "  rebalance " to the American public . Nevertheless , Abe arrives in Washington at an opportune time to help along the economic centerpiece of the "  pivot , " the Trans-Pacific Partnership Free Trade Agreement , or TPP . The TPP is a potentially massive free trade agreement involving the United States , Japan and 10 other Pacific-facing nations -- combined , these countries account for 40 % of global GDP . And beyond its potential economic impact , it also allows the United States to expand its influence in Asia , providing an alternative to China-centered agreements such as the Regional Cooperative Economic Partnership . The stakes , therefore , are significant . But so is some of the opposition to an agreement that has been negotiated in secret . Prominent Democrats such as Ohio Sen. Sherrod Brown and Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren , for example , have been critical of the TPP , arguing that provisions such as one on international arbitration of disputes between investors and states undermine U.S. sovereignty . But the immediate battle in Congress is not over the TPP directly , but something called trade promotion authority , or "  Fast-Track . " Trade promotion authority , which would allow trade agreements such as the TPP to come before Congress without amendment , has been on the books for decades . The power to use trade promotion authority , however , must be periodically reauthorized . Congress voted narrowly to give President Bush trade promotion authority in 2002 , but that authority expired in 2007 and has not been renewed . There is near universal agreement that the current talks can not be concluded unless the Congress reauthorizes trade promotion authority , without which the 11 other nations that are parties to the talks can not be confident that the United States speaks with one voice . Republicans control both houses of Congress , and are generally supportive of free trade . But while passage of trade promotion authority in the Senate is likely , the result in the House , where Abe will be speaking , is less certain . This is in part because some House Republicans are simply loath to delegate any power to the President , while others are certainly aware of the ramifications of the trade promotion authority vote for 2016 . After all , the fact that Republicans would actually be supporting the proposal of a Democratic President will not prevent Democrats -- and their labor supporters -- from using the vote as a weapon to diminish support for Republicans among those white , working-class voters who were so crucial to Republican success in the 2014 midterm . But even if trade promotion authority passes , the fight over the TPP is far from over . Provisions in the trade promotion authority bills just voted out of the committees will require review for at least four months after the negotiations are concluded and before Congress can grant final approval to the TPP . This likely throws the TPP vote directly into the path of the 2016 presidential race . Ironically , the fact that Democrats seem likely to nominate Hillary Clinton , an early supporter of the TPP , may go a long way to blunting this attack . Still , it is hard to see House Republicans willing to "  go it alone " on the TPP without some Democratic buy-in . Which brings us back to Prime Minister Abe 's speech . Given that we are fast approaching the 70th anniversary of the end of World War II , there will be an understandable focus on what the Prime Minister says regarding his nation 's role in that conflict . In the eyes of many in China and South Korea , Japan has never sufficiently apologized for its past transgressions , while the United States itself expressed disappointment over a visit Abe made to the controversial Yasukuni Shrine . Yet despite such criticisms , a Pew poll found a plurality in the United States thinks that the apologies that Japan has issued in the past about the war are sufficient . As a result , for much of the U.S. audience , Abe 's words about the TPP will be of equal importance to questions of history . So , what will the Prime Minister say , and will his support for TPP be enough to sway Congress ? Certainly , Abe has a lot riding on the agreement domestically ; he has faced opposition from agricultural interests at home who are usually firm backers of his ruling Liberal Democratic Party , and could be hurt politically if the negotiations collapse . This suggests that the big challenge for Abe on Wednesday will be to reframe the debate over trade promotion authority and the TPP in a way that convinces the American people that the trade agreement is not about enriching U.S. corporations and outsourcing U.S. jobs , but strengthening the U.S.-Japan alliance and establishing trade rules that will eventually help the United States and other countries combat the unfair trade practices of China . It 's a tall task , especially when it is unlikely the public will be paying much attention to his speech . But it 's a deal that will have significant repercussions not just for the deal at hand , but for the success of President Obama 's pivot to Asia . And with that in mind , Prime Minister Abe wo n't be the only one hoping he can turn in a convincing performance on Wednesday .	Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will address Congress on Wednesday Paul Sracic : Abe has a lot riding on TPP trade agreement
London  CNN  British Prime Minister David Cameron formally asked Queen Elizabeth II to dissolve his country 's Parliament on Monday , opening the way for campaigning ahead of the May 7 general election . The procedural step means there are officially no members of Parliament until it reconvenes on May 18 for the swearing-in of members and the official state opening of Parliament on May 27 . Addressing media outside the official prime ministerial residence at 10 Downing St. , Cameron said that Britain had been "  on the brink " when he came into office . "  Of course , we have n't fixed everything , but Britain is back on her feet again . " Cameron said the nation faced "  a stark choice " in 38 days . "  The next Prime Minister walking through that door will be me or  Labour Party leader  Ed Miliband , " he said . "  You can choose an economy that grows , that creates jobs , that generates the money to ensure a properly funded and improving NHS  National Health Service  ... and a government that will cut taxes for 30 million hard-working people ... or you can choose the economic chaos of Ed Miliband 's Britain , " Cameron said . "  After five years of effort and sacrifice , Britain is on the right track . This election is about moving forward -- and as Prime Minister here at No. 10 that 's what I will deliver . " Miliband launched Labour 's Business Manifesto on Monday , saying that a second Conservative term would threaten Britain 's EU membership and pose "  a clear and present danger " to British firms and prosperity . "  There are two futures on offer at this election , " Miliband said . "  To carry on with a Conservative plan based on the idea that as long as the richest and most powerful succeed , everyone else will be OK . Or a Labour plan , a better plan , that says it is only when working people succeed that Britain succeeds . " Miliband also referenced Cameron 's March 23 announcement that the Conservative leader had ruled out standing for a third term -- before the election that will decide whether he even gets a second term in the top job -- saying the Conservative candidates would be "  vying against each other for who can be the most extreme on Europe . " Cameron and his Conservative Party won the last election in 2010 , but not by enough to go into government alone . Without a majority in Parliament , a government becomes dependent on MPs , or lawmakers , from other parties to get its program voted through the House of Commons , the chamber that passes laws and legislation . For five years , Cameron has been governing in coalition with the UK 's third party , the Liberal Democrats . Nick Clegg , Liberal Democrat leader and deputy prime minister , has mostly backed Cameron in parliamentary debates against Labour 's Miliband . "  For the first time ever , the Liberal Democrats go into this campaign with a record of action in government to be extremely proud of , " Clegg said Monday . "  We have kept the government in the center ground and shown that we are the only party that can build a stronger economy and a fairer society . " The right-wing UK Independence Party , or UKIP , which has pledged to take the UK out of the European Union , has made massive gains in the past year -- mostly at the expense of Cameron 's Conservatives . Last year , in a backlash against the EU , UKIP caused a political earthquake and won elections to the European Parliament in Britain , and some commentators have likened its impact on UK politics to that of the tea party in the United States . It is unclear how UKIP will perform in the May 7 UK general election . Some of its supporters appeared to be casting protest votes last year and could return to the established Conservative and Labour parties when more is at stake . On Monday , UKIP leader Nigel Farage tweeted : "  UKIP is the party of real change for real people . If you #VoteUKIP on May 7th , you 'll get MPs willing to hold the government to account . " Meanwhile , in Scotland , the September independence referendum  which narrowly failed  so reinvigorated the Scottish National Party that it could hit what is usually a key Labour stronghold , undermining Miliband 's bid for power . Scottish National Party leader Alex Salmond quit after the referendum , and Nicola Sturgeon now heads the party . "  The general election on May 7 is a fantastic opportunity for Scotland to make Westminster sit up and take notice , " Sturgeon said Monday . "  By holding the balance of power in a hung Parliament , SNP MPs can work with others to lock David Cameron out of Downing Street -- and ensure that Scotland 's priorities become priorities at Westminster , " she said . Eligible Britons must be registered by April 20 to vote .	British Prime Minister David Cameron formally asks Queen to dissolve Parliament Move paves way for official campaigning ahead of May 7 general elections
CNN  She 's a multi-award winning singer , a fashion icon , a designer , entrepreneur , actress and philanthropist . And now , far from reigning it in , Kylie Minogue will be unleashing her talent at Dubai 's internationally renowned equine event . The 46-year-old pop star will be performing a 90-minute show of her hits at the "  world 's richest day of horse racing " -- the 20th Dubai World Cup hosted at Meydan on Saturday , March 28 . Prize money totaling $ 30 million will be up for grabs over a variety of races , culminating in a top prize of $ 10m in the Dubai World Cup race -- a rendition of Minogue 's "  I should be so lucky " would certainly be apt . Luxury brands Longines and Jaguar will be sponsoring two of the races as well as giving prizes to the "  Best Dressed Lady " and "  Most Elegant Lady " on the night -- offering a 42 diamond studded watch and a Jaguar F-TYPE Coupé to the winners . Australia 's Minogue is worth approximately $ 75 million after charging to fame following her role as tomboy mechanic "  Charlene Robinson " in Neighbours almost 30 years ago . "  Growing up in Melbourne , horse racing is a major and exciting part of our annual calendar . So to be able to bring my show to the Dubai World Cup is something I 'm very much looking forward to , " said the star . She is currently performing her 14th concert tour titled "  Kiss Me Once . " Since scoring her first top ten UK hit in 1987 she 's released eleven studio albums and sold over 68 million records . "  It will certainly be an unforgettable experience " she said of the event .	Pop star Kylie Minogue will sing at the 20th Dubai World Cup horse racing event "  The world 's richest day of horse racing " will see prize money worth approximately $ 30m up for grabs Minogue will be performing a 90 minute show to conclude the internationally renowned event
Beijing , China  CNN  -- After much speculation , it is now official : The Communist Party of China  CPC  will convene its 18th Party Congress in Beijing during the "  latter half of this year , " a party official announced this week without giving specific dates . The political conclave , held every five years , will shape China 's future . It will also formalize the accession of a new generation of leaders . China has seen dramatic socio-economic transformation in recent years , but its political system remains opaque and antiquated . The Leninist , top-down system still does not allow direct , open elections . Instead , selections are made by a coterie of communist party cadres after drawn-out negotiations and horse-trading behind closed doors . A total of 2,270 delegates have been elected from across the country to represent the CPC 's 82 million members . Who are these delegates ? About 30 % are from grassroots , says Wang Jingqing , vice minister of the party 's organization department . Most are national , provincial and city officials . Ni Yulan and the agonies of Chinese justice Their average age is 52 . Only 5 % are under 35 . Some 23 % of them are female , and 11 % are ethnic minorities . Although the CPC claims to represent the working class , only 169  less than 8 %  of the total delegates are workers . Theoretically , the delegates play an important role . At the end of the party congress , they will elect a new Central Committee . This time , Wang says , there will be more candidates than posts -- unlike in the past when the numbers of candidates were exactly the same as the open slots . About 300-member strong , the policy-making body is a motley group of provincial and city leaders , technocrats , military officers and party functionaries , plus token representatives from other sectors . The Central Committee will then elect a new Politburo , the inner council currently comprising 25 members . The Politburo in turn will elect a new standing committee , the elite cabal empowered to make important decisions on policies . The committee currently has nine seats , led by Chinese President and General Secretary Hu Jintao . Hu , 69 , is expected to step down later this year . Media reports say the party plans to cut the seats down to seven , but Wang says there is no decision on the matter . In practice , the selection of politicians into the Central Committee and the Politburo are determined even before the Party Congress . "  The wheeling and dealing has long begun , " says a Beijing-based political analyst , who asked not to be named . "  We are now in the endgame . " Bo Xilai and the politics of Chinese succession But the race to China 's pinnacle of power remains opaque . "  In the U.S. you have wall-to-wall coverage of what candidates say and do and how people voted , " says the analyst . "  Here it 's all neibu  for internal consumption  , without open campaigning . " Personnel decisions are negotiated and finalized by party insiders behind the walls of Zhongnanhai , the CPC 's official headquarters in Beijing . When the Party Congress convenes , it will be largely a formality . Still , which new leaders will emerge in key positions remains a subject of speculation . For now the front-runner to succeed Hu as party boss and president is Xi Jinping . Xi , 59 , became Vice President in 2008 and was later appointed a vice-chair of the CPC 's Central Military Commission -- important steps in succession . He earlier served as party chief of the prosperous provinces of Fujian and Zhejiang and Shanghai , China 's financial center . Xi is a "  princeling , " a descendant of revolutionary veterans . His late father Xi Zhongxun , a contemporary of Deng Xiaoping , had served as governor of Guangdong province . The other top contender is Li Keqiang , 57 , a protege of Hu and the presumptive successor to Wen Jiabao when he steps down from premiership in March next year . Li is already ranked 7th in the Politburo and , as executive vice premier , holds important portfolios , including economic development , finance , climate change and health care reform . Like Hu , Li is a native of Anhui province and honed his organizational skills when he headed the 73 million-strong Communist Youth League , a training ground for the party 's young cadres . Why Chinese succession matters Many of upcoming leaders used to work at CYL , which is why analysts speak if a "  tuanpai , " or CYL faction . Other rising politicians include : Li Yuanchao , 61 , the minister of the CPC 's Organization Department , the equivalent of the H.R. department , and more . With this portfolio , Li holds all the personnel dossiers and wields considerable power in appointing party and government officials nationwide . Wang Qishan , 64 , the former Beijing mayor who currently serves as the Vice-Premier in charge of economic , energy and financial affairs . Like Li , Wang is already a member of the Politburo . Analysts expect both to get promoted into the Standing Committee . A few Gen-Y leaders may be lined up for meteoric rise . Among them is Hu Chunhua , 49 , the party chief of Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region . No relation to the Chinese president , he is nonetheless another protÃ © gÃ © and also served as head of the CYL and is known as "  Little Hu . " Influence may not be confined to delegates . Jiang Zemin , the retired party chief and state president , was last year rumored to have died , or was dying , but a source says he is now in fairly good health . "  He swims 600 meters everyday and gets daily tutorials in foreign languages , economics and other topics , " says the source . He turns 88 next week . Although Jiang has been out of the public eye since retiring 10 years ago , he is believed to still wield residual influence in policy and personnel issues . The other influential politician is Bo Xilai , the former Party chief of Chongqing who was dismissed last April for "  serious breach of Party regulations . " Bo 's wife Gu Kailai , accused of premeditated murder of a British businessman , is now awaiting a court verdict . The party has yet to formally decide on Bo 's fate , but the signals are clear . Bo is not among the 2,270 party members elected as Party Congress delegates . That , analysts say , spells the end of his career .	China 's political system does not allow direct , open elections A total of 2,270 delegates elected to represent CPC 's 82 million members Front-runner to succeed Hu as party boss and Chinese president is Xi Jinping Personnel decisions are negotiated , finalized by party insiders
CNN  -- When immigration agents in Belize spotted a man crawling through the bushes near its border with Guatemala , they not only stopped someone trying to illegally enter their country -- they also captured an international fugitive suspected of pulling off the biggest gold heist in Florida history . Raonel Valdez-Valhuerdis was wanted for a bold heist where he allegedly held up a man who was carrying two suitcases full of more than 100 pounds of gold flakes . Why would a man have suitcases filled with gold flakes ? That 's just one aspect that makes this tale so bizarre . Another is that Valdez allegedly committed the crime while wearing a court-ordered ankle monitor from a previous arrest . The heist The heist took place in October 2012 when the victim , George Villegas , was coming out of his Coral Gables apartment with the suitcases . Villegas ' family owns and operates Quri Wasi , a Bolivian-based export company that purchases gold , melts it down and then sells it . He was on his way to work when Valdez and two other men accosted him , the U.S. Marshals Service said . "  We are only here for the gold , " Valdez allegedly told the man . Villegas said he tried to wrestle the men down , but let them go . "  Nothing is worth it , " he told WTVJ shortly after the attack . "  Not even $ 2.6 million . " Several weeks later , Coral Gables police nabbed Valdez . His ankle monitor led them to him . The ankle monitor Valdez 's legal troubles began five months prior to the heist . Police said he apparently put a knife to his ex-girlfriend 's neck and demanded her purse . He was convicted of battery , and a judge mandated that he wear an ankle monitor . After receiving a tip that Valdez was the leader of the heist , police searched his name and learned about the device . Taking a look at the GPS data , they placed Valdez at the crime scene exactly when the robbery occurred . Police said the GPS data also showed he conducted surveillance of the apartment for several weeks before the robbery . Once positively identified in a lineup , the detectives arrested Valdez . But at a December 2012 hearing , the judge released him on a $ 75,000 bond . Valdez did n't appear at his next hearing -- and a warrant for his arrest was issued . He was officially on the run . The capture Fast forward to February 2014 . Belize immigration officials found him in the bushes at the border . He had a Cuban passport , but it did n't have an immigration stamp documenting his entry into Belize . A quick background check revealed a surprise : This was n't an ordinary border crosser . They had stumbled upon an international fugitive . Back in America On Wednesday , Valdez was back in the hands of U.S. authorities . He 's charged with armed robbery with a deadly weapon , possession of a firearm by a convicted felon , grand theft of more than $ 100,000 and altering/tampering with an electronic monitor . The heist , the Marshals Service said , was the biggest gold robbery in Florida 's history . And let 's not forget the probation violation . The gold , however , is yet to be found . Could century-old theft explain mystery of gold coins ? Notable diamond heists CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report	Over 100 pounds of gold was taken , worth $ 2.6 million He was allegedly wearing an ankle monitor Belize authorities found him crawling through bushes on the border with Guatemala
New Delhi , India  CNN  The North Korean ambassador in Bangladesh issued an apology after one of the embassy 's diplomats was caught carrying 27 kilograms  59 pounds  of undeclared gold into the country 's main airport in Dhaka , according to officials in Bangladesh . North Korean officials could not be reached for comment . Meanwhile , state media in the largely isolated communist country has not yet reported on the incident . Kazi Muhammad Ziauddin , a top official in Bangladesh 's customs agency , told CNN his officers discovered the gold on the afternoon of March 5th , after the diplomat arrived on a Singapore Airlines flight . Ziauddin said customs officials had received a confidential tip that a North Korean diplomat would be carrying "  illegal items . " "  It was very tough . We have to be very careful and sensitive when we deal with a diplomat , " Ziauddin said , referring to the Vienna Convention , which affords diplomats certain degrees of consular immunity . He said the suspect , whom he identified as Son Young Nam , the first secretary of North Korea 's embassy in Dhaka , initially refused to allow his baggage to be searched . "  He said there is no way we can open or scan his bag , " Ziauddin said . "  At first he said ` This is an electric motor . ' After further questioning he changed his mind and told us , ` These are cipher machines and very confidential . ' " Eventually , customs officers opened the diplomat 's bag and found the undeclared goods , that included 170 gold bars and golden ornaments . At current market prices , the gold would be valued at around $ 1 million . Entering Bangladesh without declaring this quantity of precious metal is a violation of the country 's customs regulations . An official with Bangladesh 's Foreign Secretary , speaking to CNN on condition of anonymity , said his government lodged a protest with the North Korean ambassador . It 's far too early to jump to conclusions about whether the alleged gold smuggling incident could be an isolated example of corruption or an effort to move official funds . Due to international sanctions , North Korea faces substantial obstacles when trying to access international banking systems . "  It would be interesting to see if -LSB- the diplomat -RSB- is disciplined when he gets back " to North Korea , said John Delury , associate professor at Yonsei University 's Graduate School of International Studies . "  That would be a way of saying whether or not he 's a corrupt diplomat . " According to the Foreign Secretary 's office in Bangladesh , the North Korean diplomat allegedly caught carrying the gold has since left the country . CNN 's K.J. Kwon contributed from Seoul	North Korea apologizes to Bangladesh after one of embassy 's diplomat caught with 59 pounds of gold Gold was undeclared , says Bangladeshi government
CNN  -- The president of a Connecticut beverage distributor said Thursday a man who went on a shooting rampage this week never filed a claim alleging racial discrimination . The girlfriend of Omar Thornton , who killed eight people and then himself , told CNN that he was being racially harassed at work . But Ross Hollander , whose family owns Hartford Distributors , said there were no grievances filed with the company or Thornton 's union . "  I can state to you unequivocally no racism claim was ever alleged , " Hollander said at a news conference . "  Nevertheless , these ugly allegations have been raised and the company will cooperate with any investigation . " Kristi Hannah , Omar Thornton 's girlfriend , said he first told her about racial harassment at work last summer . Hannah said her mother told Thornton to take pictures of the alleged harassment with his cell phone . He took two pictures in the men 's bathroom at work , she said . She described one as his name written on a cartoon , and the other as a drawing of a hangman with a noose around its neck . Connecticut state police have the phone . Hannah 's mother , Joanne Hannah , said she had heard of the cell phone photos . She said Thornton heard a co-worker say he "  wanted that n **** r out of there . " She said Thornton told his girlfriend he had reported harassment to a company supervisor and a union representative , but nothing was done about it . "  There is nothing on record of any complaints from Omar , and there had been no disciplinary actions with him prior to this , " said Chris Roos , secretary and treasurer of Teamsters Local 1035 . Manchester , Connecticut , police have said they have found no evidence of racial discrimination . Thornton 's mother told CNN affiliate WFSB that he called her shortly after 7 a.m. Tuesday . He said he had just shot several people and planned to kill himself . She said she pleaded with him for 10 minutes not to do it . "  He said , ' I killed the five racists that was there bothering me , ' " Thornton 's uncle , Will Holliday , told WFSB . "  He said , ` That 's it . The cops are going to come in , so I 'm going to take care of it myself . ' " Hollander said Thornton "  was embraced as a member of our team . " Authorities said Thornton , 34 , resigned under pressure Tuesday after he was accused of stealing alcoholic beverages while on his driving route . An investigation found Thornton was stealing and selling goods to others , Hollander said . As he left that meeting , escorted by two people , Thornton said he wanted a drink of water and went into the kitchen area , Manchester Police Lt. Chris Davis said . Police believe he had brought two 9mm handguns to the building in a lunch box . In the kitchen , he pulled out the guns and shot his two escorts . Thornton then "  went through the whole building in a very short amount of time " as workers cowered under desks and in "  nooks and crannies " and 911 calls poured in , Davis said . "  It 's probably likely that he was targeting some individuals , " he said . Thornton passed people without shooting them , he said . He would not say whether anyone was shot in the parking lot , but said Thornton shot through a glass door to re-enter the building . The first 911 call came in at 7:26 a.m. , Davis said , and the first officers arrived within three minutes . A five-man team was sent into the building to search for the suspect within 10 minutes , he said . Thornton 's body was found in a corner office area of the building by 8:15 a.m. Manchester police identified the eight slain people as Francis Fazio , 57 , of Bristol , Connecticut ; Douglas Scuton , 56 , of Middletown , New Hampshire ; Edwin Kennison , 49 , of East Hartford , Connecticut ; William Ackerman , 51 , of Broadbrook , Connecticut ; Bryan Cirigliano , 51 , of Newington , Connecticut ; Craig Pepin , 60 , of South Windsor , Connecticut ; Louis Felder Jr. , 50 , of Stamford , Connecticut ; and Victor James of Windsor , Connecticut , who was killed on his 61st birthday . Steven Hollander , 50 , of South Windsor was treated and released from Hartford Hospital . Jerome Rosenstein , 77 , of West Hartford , Connecticut , was in serious condition Wednesday . Cirigliano was the shop steward for the Teamsters union and its president , Roos said . One of those killed was attempting to escape from the gunfire and drove a forklift into an electrical conduit , starting an electrical fire , Davis said Wednesday . He would not say whether that person was shot . Police also found a shotgun in Thornton 's vehicle , but believe it was not used in the shootings , Davis said . Thornton was "  fairly nomadic , " he said , and authorities have searched his previous addresses , but found nothing of value . Thornton left no notes behind and made no comments to relatives about his plans , Davis said . But the fact that he brought the guns to the building indicates the shootings were "  obviously something he was thinking about doing . " Thornton had six guns registered to him , and police were attempting to account for them all , Davis said . Authorities believe the guns used in the shootings were bought at a gun dealership in East Windsor , Connecticut . CNN 's Raelyn Johnson and Adam Reiss contributed to this report .	NEW : Company president said no racial complaints were filed Omar Thornton brought two guns with him in a lunch box , police say Authorities believe at least some of the victims were targeted Thornton 's girlfriend says he was racially harassed at work
There are still more than 1.7 million Americans alive who served in World War II , but that number is dwindling fast . With much of the "  Greatest Generation " now in their 80s and 90s , hundreds of these veterans are dying every day , according to the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs . By the year 2036 , the VA estimates , there will no longer be any living veterans from the conflict . The last World War I veteran , Frank Buckles , died in February 2011 . Here 's a look at who fought in past U.S. wars and who 's still alive today : American Revolution  1775-1783  U.S. servicemembers : 184,000-250 ,000  estimated  Deaths : 4,435 Wounded : 6,188 Last veteran : Daniel F. Bakeman , died in 1869 at age 109 War of 1812  1812-1815  U.S. servicemembers : 286,730 Deaths : 2,260 Wounded : 4,505 Last veteran : Hiram Cronk , died in 1905 at age 105 Indian Wars  approximately 1817-1898  U.S. servicemembers : 106,000  estimated  Deaths : 1,000  estimated  Last veteran : Fredrak Fraske , died in 1973 at age 101 Mexican War  1846-1848  U.S. servicemembers : 78,718 Deaths : 13,283 Wounded : 4,152 Last veteran : Owen Thomas Edgar , died in 1929 at age 98 Civil War  1861-1865  Union servicemembers : 2,213,363 Confederate servicemembers : 600,000-1 ,500,000  estimated  Union deaths : 364,511 Confederate deaths : 133,821  estimated  Union wounded : 281,881 Confederate wounded : Unknown Last veteran : John Salling , died in 1958 at age 112 Spanish-American War  1898-1902  U.S. servicemembers : 306,760 Deaths : 2,446  385 in battle  Wounded : 1,662 Last veteran : Nathan E. Cook , died in 1992 at age 106 World War I  1917-1918  U.S. servicemembers : 4,734,991 Deaths : 116,516  53,402 in battle  Wounded : 204,002 Last veteran : Frank Buckles , died in 2011 at age 110 World War II  1941-1945  U.S. servicemembers : 16,112,566 Deaths : 405,399  291,557 in battle  Wounded : 670,846 Estimated living veterans : 1,711,000 Korean War  1950-1953  U.S. servicemembers : 5,720,000 Deaths : 54,246  36,574 in theater  Wounded : 103,284 Estimated living veterans : 2,275,000 Vietnam War  1964-1975  U.S. servicemembers : 8,744,000  estimated 3,403,000 deployed  Deaths : 90,220  58,220 in theater  Wounded : 153,303 Estimated living veterans : 7,391,000 Desert Shield/Desert Storm  1990-1991  U.S. servicemembers : 2,322,000  694,550 deployed  Deaths : 1,948  383 in theater  Wounded : 467 Estimated living veterans : 2,244,583  2009 estimate , may include veterans who served in Iraq and Afghanistan Source : U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs More about veterans : By the numbers : 1.5 million U.S troops deployed in war zones or combat missions CNN Heroes : Making life easier for disabled veterans A daughter faces demons of father 's war WWII Marine 's diary found by sweetheart years later Must-see sights for military buffs	World War II veterans are aging fast , and there are just under 2 million remaining in the U.S. More than 16 million Americans served in the conflict from 1941 to 1945 The last World War I veteran died in February 2011 at age 110
CNN  -- Syrian activists say opposition forces have wrested control of the town of Zabadani from government troops , but the authorities ' tanks remain perched on its outskirts . "  There was massive protests in Zabadani , so the Syrian Army tried to disperse them . But our troops were very organized and aggressive with a counter attack that left them fleeing and they withdrew completely out of the city , " said Lt. Col. Mohamed Hamdo of the Free Syrian Army  FSA  , a group made up of former government soldiers . "  Our forces raised the flag of independence in Zabadani . " Hamdo said , though , that the opposition fighters "  expect another confrontation " as the government forces regroup outside the town . The FSA destroyed at least three armored vehicles during the fighting , a Zabadani-based member of the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , an opposition umbrella group , told CNN . Cold weather and snow hindered troop movements into the town , located at the head of a mountain valley , said the activist , who identified himself only as Faris . Faris said Zabadani residents aided the rebel force by providing them with clothing and shelter . No civilians were killed there on Wednesday , he added . Jordan 's king : Do n't expect change soon Another activist in Zabadani told CNN that Syrian government forces had ringed the town and were shelling it from outside . And a third activist , based in the northern city of Homs , told CNN that about 6,000 people in Zabadani turned out for a demonstration to celebrate Wednesday evening . Video posted on YouTube showed marchers clapping and chanting , waving their fingers in the air in victory signs and voicing thanks to the Free Syrian Army . Syrian authorities have restricted the activity of journalists during the 10-month uprising against President Bashar al-Assad , so CNN can not independently verify events there . But a CNN crew accompanied an Arab League monitoring team during a visit to Zabadani on Sunday , when crowds carried the monitors on their shoulders and urged them to stay to prevent reprisals . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency made no mention Wednesday of events in Zabadani . Elsewhere , the Local Coordination Committees of Syria said 21 more people were killed by government troops on Wednesday . Of those , 13 were killed in Homs , the scene of the worst violence in recent weeks , with the rest scattered around the country , the LCC said . Four people were killed in Idlib , two in the Damascus suburbs , one in Aleppo and one in Daraa , according to the LCC . The Syrian Arab News Agency , meanwhile , said 15 police officers and soldiers , including an army colonel , had been killed in recent fighting . EU plans new sanctions against Syrian regime The Arab League monitoring mission was scheduled to end Wednesday . But Adnan Al Khudeir , the Cairo-based head of the operation , said the league and the Syrian government were in talks over an extension , and a source close to the mission in Damascus told CNN that all the monitors had been told to remain at their bases on Thursday . Zabadani is about 50 kilometers  30 miles  north of Damascus , near the border with Lebanon . Mohamed Fahmy contributed to this report .	NEW : Opposition official says another confrontation is expected in Zabadani The opposition says Syrian troops were driven from Zabadani Residents aided defecting soldiers in the fight , an activist says Arab League monitors visited Zabadani on Sunday
CNN  -- When it comes to social media 's heavy hitters , there are no bigger players than Facebook or Twitter , right ? Not if you 're in South Africa . Mobile network Mxit claims to have nearly 10 million users in the country , making it South Africa 's most popular social media platform by far , eclipsing Facebook 's six million users and Twitter 's 1.1 million subscribers . Founded seven years ago by Namibian-born software developer Herman Heunis , Mxit has grown from an instant messaging application into a global mobile social network . The handset-agnostic network is tapping Africa 's booming mobile market to serve a growing community of users and developers . Mxit users can chat with their contacts , exchange photos and use a digital currency to buy virtual goods , while aspiring entrepreneurs can find a large audience for their applications and services . Speaking to CNN before his recent resignation from the business he bought in September 2011 , former CEO Alan Knott-Craig said he was still astonished by the power of mobile and how engaged the millions of Mxit users are . "  Firstly they 're looking to meet people , secondly they 're looking for attention , they want to be heard or want to be seen , " said Knott-Craig . "  And lastly , people are looking to have fun , they 're looking for entertainment and there 's only one thing in their life : the cell phone -- there 's no iPad , PC , XBox or TV , there 's just the phone and Mxit is that escape . " The company says its users transfer between 500 and 850 million messages every day . That 's roughly double the number of tweets sent daily on a global basis . The average user now spends 85 minutes a week using Mxit and logs on up to four times a day . Knott-Craig says the statistics prove that the growing popularity of mobile internet has transformed the way people communicate across Africa . "  Before mobile Africa really was a dark continent -- I mean literally people could n't communicate , " Knott-Craig explained . He added : "  In South Africa 17 years ago , before mobile phones came along , there were five million phones out of a population of 35 million people . Now there are 60 million phones out of a population of 60 million people . "  So literally , with the advent of mobile , it 's gone from almost a billion people not being able to talk to anyone except those they see , to being able to talk to anyone regardless of where they are . "  So that 's the first revolution . We have no legacy . No existing cable operator or TV player or ADSL -- there 's nothing , there 's just mobile . "  The other thing is the fact that credit cards are just non-existent . You 'll never build a big business by billing people via credit cards in Africa and probably in all emerging markets , and again that problem is being solved within an African context by trying to build the systems to sell prepaid airtime . "  Mobile succeeded in that because it unlocks the communications grid of the continent . The next step is to unlock the economic grid via mobile payments . " So how does Mxit make money ? Its primary revenue is n't generated through advertising , which is unusual compared to other social networks . Instead it makes most of its money by selling content to its users . The site acts as a marketplace for hundreds of millions of micro-payments using its digital currency , Moola . Around 13 % of active users are spenders and use Moola to buy skinz , wallpapers , games and music . Read also : Web savvy Africans fuel growth in online shopping "  We make money in the same way that Facebook makes money , which is basically advertising and content , except we do it in an inverse ratio , " said Knott-Craig . "  I think they make 90 % of their money from advertising and 10 % from content -- we make 70 % of our money from selling third-party developer content , and 30 % from advertising . " Knott-Craig stepped down as CEO in October 2012 , citing a difference of opinion with shareholders . "  While the shareholders and I share the same vision , we differ on how to get there , " he said in a statement . But although he 's left the company , Knott-Craig has described Mxit as Africa 's biggest tech success story -- and one he believes will continue to grow . "  You can build a big global tech company out of Africa . It does n't have to come out of San Francisco and I did n't know that before because I had n't seen that before , " he said . Claire Brennan contributed to this report .	Mxit is South Africa 's most popular social media platform Alan Knott-Craig recently stepped down as CEO He describes mobile as a "  revolution " in Africa "  You can build a big global tech company out of Africa , " he says
Seattle , Washington  CNN  -- It only takes the touch of a finger to locate the nearest bank , purchase tickets for a movie or find directions to just about anywhere in the world . The digital revolution has changed the way the current generation carries out everyday tasks . But some say that convenience has come at the price of your privacy . Your personal interests and where you shop is valuable data for companies that want to effectively target their direct marketing . And it 's not just a matter of companies recording your IP addresses and credit card swipes . "  Almost anything you do in today 's society involves leaving a track , " said Doug Klunder of the American Civil Liberties Union . He 's the director of the ACLU of Washington 's Privacy Project . As you go about your daily routine , you inadvertently share more data than you realize . "  It starts the moment you get up , " Klunder said . "  Just moving around is tracked . If it 's on a bus , and you are paying with bus cards , that can be tracked . If you are driving your car , there are increasingly video cameras that recognize license plates . Anytime you have a cell phone on , it 's talking with cell towers and creating a record of where you are down to 100 feet . " And that can put your personal information at a higher risk . Last year , more than 11 million U.S. consumers were victims of identity theft , according to an annual survey released last month by Javelin Strategy and Research . It found that the No. 1 targets are people 18 to 24 . Their salaries might be lower than the older , less digitally savvy generation , but they are more likely to share their personal information online . And that is n't always a bad thing . Private investigator Steve Rambam argues people are in a sense compensated for the personal information they divulge . "  The average American finds a very healthy acceptable balance between privacy and convenience , they give up some privacy and get a lot of convenience , " said Rambam , who regularly gives a talk at conferences titled , "  Privacy is Dead : Get Over It ! " Rambam has become an expert using someone 's digital tracks to locate the person , whether they are a fugitive , a missing person or a writer that Rambam challenged to try and hide from him for a year . Rambam found him nine times just from electronic bread crumbs he left , and the two are working on a book about the experience . It 's very hard to function in society and not leave those kinds of clues , Rambam said . "  If you want to have access to the largest , most fantastic marketplace in the world , eBay has to know what you have searched for , " Rambam said . "  If you want to be able pull a phone out of your pocket and talk on it anytime you want , well , that phone reports where you are 24/7 . If it 's a smart phone like an iPhone or an Android phone , it tell us where you eat , what books you buy , what restaurants you like . " But is it possible for someone who truly wanted to go off the grid to avoid leaving any tracks ? Frank Ahearn helps people who are desperate enough do just that . "  I teach people how to disappear , " Ahearn explained . For more than 20 years , Ahearn was a skip tracer ; his job was to track down people who had skipped town . Then he realized there was opportunity in aiding people who did n't want to be found . Ahearn is something like a one-man witness protection program . For a fee , he helps people with personal or financial problems , but who are not wanted by law enforcement , vanish . He has also written a book , "  How to Disappear . " One of the people Ahearn said he helped disappear was a female attorney being threatened by a client who blamed her when he lost his case in court . "  He turned his anger on her , basically started throwing dead animals on her lawn , " Ahearn said . "  The problem with stalkers is there are no boundaries . You do n't know where , how or if it 's going to end . " In cases like those , Ahearn says he sets up new identities for people so they ca n't be tracked down by someone like him . "  If I am looking for you , you have got some problems . But if I am helping you to get out of town , you 're going to be OK because I know what they are looking for , " he said . "  The key is your old life and your new life never connect . " But odds are it wo n't be an easy life . Evan Ratliff , a writer and editor for Wired Magazine , decided last year to test out the idea of living without leaving a trace . He dared his readers to find him . Ratliff moved across the country living under false identities , trying not to leave any electronic clues . "  I think in the first few hours of it I thought , ` No one 's really paying attention , no one cares about this topic , ' " Ratliff said . "  Then the flood started . " Dozens of strangers formed social media search parties and traded tips about so-called "  Evan sightings . " "  One post after another , they had already started digging up information about me , " Ratliff said . "  After about the first night , I was fully freaked out . " He did n't make it easy , using prepaid cell phones , physical disguises and software that masked his Internet usage . Eventually he was tracked down in New Orleans , Louisiana , living under an assumed name , 2,000 miles from where he started . Ratliff said paranoia and suspicion quickly set in when he was on the run . There was little romance to living like a fugitive , he said . "  It 's hard to let go of that idea that if you really did it right , you could end up on a beach in South America for the rest of your life drinking margaritas , " he said . "  That 's always still there , but I think the actual process of living on the run in the United States -- in the end , it 's almost never going to be worth it . "	ACLU official : "  Almost anything you do in today 's society involves leaving a track " Cell phone can leave record of your travels even if you are n't making or taking calls One expert points out reward for less privacy is highly convenient lifestyle Experiment by writer shows disappearing without a trace is difficult to pull off in digital age
CNN  -- Investigators suspect a criminal gang was behind the Sunday morning killings of nearly two dozen men in a marketplace in northern Nigeria , a government official said . The killings took place near a mosque in the village of Dogon Dawa , in the northern state of Kaduna . The attackers left 23 dead and 17 wounded , said Musa Ilallah , a regional coordinator with Nigeria 's National Emergency Management Agency . Read more : Police arrest 13 in videotaped killings in Nigeria "  Today is a market day at the village , so many people were out shopping , " Ilallah said . The victims , all of them men , had just left morning prayers at a nearby mosque , he said . The surrounding district is notorious for armed robberies , and Dogon Dawa is surrounded by a forest that criminals use as a hideout . Ilallah said he was sure the attack was aimed at villagers who participate in a community watch group , "  because they expose the criminals and their hideouts to police . " Opinion : Why are Nigerians numb to slaughter ? "  I 'm sure the Nigerian government will further investigate and take action to ensure this mass killing does not happen again , " he said . The victims of Sunday 's attack were farmers , village chief Suleiman Zuberu told CNN . Kaduna has been the scene of deadly clashes between Nigerian Christians and Muslims , including a spate of attacks on churches in June that left 50 people dead . The Islamic militant group Boko Haram , which is fighting to replace Nigeria 's government with a fundamentalist Islamic state , claimed responsibility for those killings . Opinion : Could it finally be springtime for Nigeria ? CNN 's Nana Karikari-Apau contributed to this report .	NEW : Gunfire kills 23 , wounds 17 at a northern Nigeria marketplace NEW : Authorities believe a criminal gang was behind the attack The victims had left a nearby mosque after morning prayers
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Actress Glenn Close said she is "  distraught " that her image was used in one of a series of profanity - and slur-laden videos aboard the Navy 's USS Enterprise . "  The cynical , unauthorized use of my image in this video is deeply offensive and insulting , and was the result of a seemingly innocent request made during a visit to an aircraft carrier over four years ago , " Close said , according to a statement from publicist Catherine Olim on Tuesday . In the videos , Navy Capt. Owen Honors is shown cursing along with other members of his staff in an attempt to demonstrate humor . There are also anti-gay slurs , simulated sex acts , and what appear to be two female sailors in a shower together . Excerpts from the videos and descriptions of their content were first published Saturday by The Virginian-Pilot newspaper in Norfolk , Virginia . Sailors told The Virginian-Pilot that Close was persuaded to make a short appearance on camera during her visit . Honors will be permanently relieved of his command of the ship , a top Navy commander said Tuesday . Honors was the executive officer -- or second in command -- of the USS Enterprise when the videos were made and had since taken command of the ship . An image from the video shows Close sitting in a chair , dressed in black and wearing what appears to be a "  USS Enterprise " hat . The context of her appearance was not immediately clear .	Close says she visited the USS Enterprise more than four years ago Officials say Capt. Owen Honors produced profanity - and slur-laden videos The videos include anti-gay slurs and simulated sex acts Honors was relieved of his command of the ship
Washington  CNN  -- The same day a documentary that featured government whistle-blower P. Jeffrey Black premiered , an Internal Revenue Service agent came to Black 's door for an audit . Coincidence ? Black does n't think so . Now he 's taken his story to two congressional committees and a Treasury Department watchdog , a sign that the IRS will face new scrutiny after its admission that employees improperly singled out applications for tax-exempt status by tea party groups for extra review . Black retired from the Federal Air Marshal Service in 2010 after taking complaints about his agency to Congress . Six years earlier , he testified to a closed-door hearing into his complaints of ineptitude , favoritism and problems keeping marshals on flights . The same year he retired , he appeared in "  Please Remove Your Shoes , " a documentary critical of the airline security measures travelers endure on every trip . An IRS agent showed up at his door "  almost to the hour " that the movie bowed , he said . "  Being a veteran of extensive retaliation in my past , I am not surprised about this , " Black told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 . " "  It is basically the only way they can retaliate against me after I retired . " Black said his supervisors wrongly suspected he had been leaking reports of cutbacks by the service -- something for which another air marshal was later fired . He said his home was placed under surveillance , his cable lines were cut and he was taken off of flight duty to perform menial tasks around his office . "  There I was in a suit and a tie , instead of being on a plane like I should be , painting scuff marks off the wall and washing cars , " he said . Shifting IRS polls contradict key deposition The audit led to a yearlong investigation that included the placement of a $ 24,000 lien against his home . In the end , the IRS found out Black owed them $ 480 -- while the government owed him $ 8,300 . Black paid his $ 480 ; the government never paid him , saying the statute of limitations had run out . After the May disclosure by the IRS that some of its employees had singled out conservative groups that had applied for tax-exempt status , resulting in lengthy delays in their applications being processed , Black wrote to the House Ways and Means Committee , which oversees the IRS , and the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee . He told them he now thinks someone -- perhaps the Air Marshal Service , the Department of Homeland Security or elsewhere in the Obama administration -- was using the IRS to retaliate against him . When he raised his suspicions before , "  I always received the same reply : ` The IRS would never do that -- that would be just too obvious -- you are just paranoid , ' " he told the Ways and Means Committee . But now , "  I do not believe the previous actions taken by the IRS were ` just a coincidence . ' " And Black may not be alone . The committee is now soliciting details from people who think they were targeted for their political beliefs . And he 's been contacted by investigators for the Treasury Department inspector-general 's office that looked into the tea party complaints , indicating that probe may be heading in a new direction . GOP tries to keep focus on IRS targeting scandal "  They wanted to know the history of my whistle-blowing , me testifying before Congress , " he said . "  They wanted to get a whole history of my employment with the Federal Air Marshal Service . They also wanted to find out the origin of the audits . They were very concerned with who actually pushed the button to start the audit . " In a statement issued to CNN , the IRS says federal law prohibits it from talking about the cases of specific taxpayers . But it says audits "  are based on the information contained on the tax return and the underlying tax law -- nothing else . " "  The audit process is handled by career , nonpartisan civil servants , and the IRS has processes in place to safeguard the exam process , " the agency said . "  We strive to be vigilant in our efforts to provide the best taxpayer service and enforce the nation 's tax laws with fairness and integrity . " "  While it is too early in this investigation to determine what all of the facts are , some reports received by the committee support claims the IRS was targeting taxpayers for their beliefs , " the committee told CNN in a written statement . Black may be worried about being seen as paranoid , but at a congressional hearing focusing on the tea party issue , Texas Republican Rep. Kevin Brady wondered whether the IRS scandal is just beginning . "  Is this still America ? " Brady asked . "  Is this government so drunk on power that it would turn its full force , its full might , to harass intimidate and threaten an average American who only wants his voice heard ? " CNN 's Elizabeth Nunez and Matt Smith contributed to this report . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Air marshal-turned-whistle-blower says he was targeted by the IRS He 's been questioned by investigators probing the tax-collection agency A House committee is seeking more people with stories like his The IRS defends the "  fairness and integrity " of its audits
CNN  -- A 37-year-old Bronx woman accused of a charity scam after the Connecticut school mass shooting was indicted Tuesday on a charge of making false statements to the FBI , prosecutors said . The federal indictment accuses Nouel Alba of Bronx , New York , of using "  her Facebook account , telephone calls and text messages to falsely claim to be an aunt of a shooting victim and supply fictitious details about the aftermath of the tragedy in order to solicit donations on the pretext that she was collecting on behalf of the family for the child 's ` funeral fund , ' " the U.S. Attorney 's office in Connecticut said . Donors sent money to a PayPal account controlled by Alba , prosecutors said . Remembering the Sandy Hook shooting victims When the FBI agents investigating charity scams contacted Alba , she "  falsely stated that she did not post information related to Newtown on her Facebook account , have contact with anyone about such postings , or recently access her PayPal account , " the prosecutor 's office said . Alba is charged with one count of making false statements to federal agents . The charge carries a maximum term of five years in prison and a fine of up to $ 250,000 , prosecutors said . On December 14 , a 20-year-old gunman shot up Newtown 's Sandy Hook Elementary School , killing 20 children whose ages were 6 or 7 and six adults . He earlier killed his mother in their Newtown home . The gunman ended the rampage by killing himself , authorities said . On December 19 , CNN 's "  AC360 " broadcast a story about the alleged ruse and interviewed Alba , who denied involvement in the alleged scam . "  This says -- this has your e-mail on it . Right there , " said CNN investigative producer David Fitzpatrick . "  This is about Noah Pozner 's funeral . " "  I never sent that , " Alba replied . Later in the interview , Alba identified one of her e-mail accounts presented by Fitzpatrick . "  Yeah , that 's one of my gmails . ... Yeah , my personal account , " she said during the interview . "  But I never set up any funds for anybody . " Alba was arrested on December 27 and was released on a $ 50,000 bond , authorities said . "  Investigators continue to monitor the Internet to uncover other fundraising scams arising from this tragedy , and any individuals who attempt to profit through these schemes will be prosecuted , " U.S. Attorney David B. Fein of Connecticut said in a statement . Obama to detail gun-law proposals CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Nouel Alba accused of making false statements to FBI She allegedly posed as an aunt of a shooting victim soliciting donations for funeral She told CNN 's ` AC360 ' she was n't involved in alleged scam If convicted , Alba faces up to five years in prison and a fine of up to $ 250,000
CNN  -- An Arizona state senator involved in an apparent freeway-shoulder scuffle with his girlfriend was not detained because he has immunity from arrest while the legislature is in session , police said . Officers in Phoenix who were called to investigate a reported altercation found that both Sen. Scott Bundgaard and his girlfriend , Aubry Ballard , had marks suggesting a physical dispute , police spokesman Sgt. Tommy Thompson said . Bundgaard , a Republican and the state senate 's majority leader , was allowed to go -- although prosecutors will review the case and could later file charges , Thompson said . Ballard was arrested on suspicion of misdemeanor assault and taken to jail . In a joint statement Sunday , Bundgaard and Ballard said they were "  tired and embarrassed " because of the incident . "  We want to jointly apologize for allowing a private matter to interrupt the public -- and especially for taking up the valuable time of law enforcement . The police officers who responded deserve thanks for their sensitivity and compassion , " they said . Bundgaard said the dispute began on the way home from a charity "  Dancing with the Stars " fundraiser , after Ballard accused him of "  inappropriately touching " his dance partner . "  She proceeded to throw my clothes and other things out of my car on a freeway as I took her home , " Bundgaard said in a statement Saturday . The senator said he tried to stop his girlfriend from punching him , which resulted in marks on her knees . Bundgaard said he pulled Ballard out of the car , but denied ever hitting or pushing her . "  I have never inappropriately touched a woman and never would . There was no domestic violence , " Bundgaard said . Ballard described the incident as "  the absolute worst night of my life " in her own statement released Saturday . "  To go from putting on a beautiful dress for a great date to a fundraiser to ending up on the side of a freeway ? I do n't have another tear left to cry , " she said . "  I 'm still trying to get my mind around a few things : Scott 's actions , the 17 hours I spent in jail awaiting processing , my bruises , scrapes and soreness and his statements to the media . " Their statement Sunday said the couple were breaking up and appealed for privacy . Arizona 's constitution says legislators are immune from arrest "  in all cases except treason , felony , and breach of the peace " and allows them immunity from civil process while the legislator is in session . Phoenix police said they will submit the case to the city attorney 's office for review , Thompson said . In his statement , Bundgaard said he will not hide behind his privilege . "  I waive any and all ` immunity . ' If I did something wrong , charge me , " he said .	Arizona state senator and his girlfriend apologize for freeway scuffle Police say state Sen. Scott Bundgaard was involved in a domestic violence incident His girlfriend , charged with misdemeanor assault , says it was the "  worst night of my life " Arizona 's constitution gives him immunity from arrest
CNN  -- With national unemployment at 9.8 percent , Americans are looking for ways to make their job applications stand out . However , peppering résumés with tired or empty buzzwords probably is n't the recipe for becoming a standout job candidate . LinkedIn , the social networking site for professionals , has compiled a list of the 10 most overused terms and phrases within the profiles of its 85 million members . "  We wanted to reveal insights that help professionals make better choices about how to position themselves online , " DJ Patil , LinkedIn 's lead data analyst , said in a statement . Job seekers may want to search through their résumés and cover letters and reconsider using any instances of these words : 1 . Extensive experience 2 . Innovative 3 . Motivated 4 . Results-oriented 5 . Dynamic 6 . Proven track record 7 . Team player 8 . Fast-paced 9 . Problem solver 10 . Entrepreneurial Jessica Holbrook Hernandez , president of Florida-based Great Résumés Fast , recently compiled her own list of throwaway phrases . She says she cringes when coming across things like "  great communication skills " or "  attention to detail . " These terms , she writes , "  are frequently used on résumés , often by candidates who really do n't even possess them . Instead of using these throwaway terms to describe yourself , attempt to outline specific accomplishments . "	As the unemployment rate climbs , standing out in a job search can be difficult Peppering résumés with clichés probably is n't the best path to a job LinkedIn 's most overused resume terms include "  team player , " "  motivated " and "  dynamic "
Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal has named a 32-member "  severe weather warning and preparedness task force " that will recommend how the state can better respond to storms like the one that paralyzed Atlanta last week . Deal came under fire for his slow reaction to the storm that dropped 2.6 inches of snow on the Atlanta area that seemed to catch authorities off guard . The exodus of drivers from Atlanta clogged the highways , stranding thousands of students in schools and forcing numerous commuters to spend extra hours inside their cars on icy roads . The governor apologized to the public and promised to handle things differently next time . "  I 'm the governor , the buck stops with me , " he said . The task force , composed of four local television meteorologists , other experts and school and state agency leaders , will meet in public and report to the governor 60 days after its first meeting , which has yet to be scheduled . State agency heads are scheduled to deliver an internal report to Deal in 10 days , the governor 's office said . Other changes will happen right away . "  Effective immediately , a storm warning will trigger a message to cell phones in targeted areas , as in the Amber Alert system , and advise against road travel , " Deal said Monday . "  We will go one step further with school superintendents by emailing them weather condition updates , so that they have the most up-to-date information when determining whether to close schools . " The state also will overhaul its "  state emergency app , " which will now include information such as alternative traffic routes and shelter locations , he said . On January 28 , as the storm approached , people working in Atlanta started driving home to the suburbs . A massive traffic jam gripped the city , leading to commutes of more than 20 hours for countless motorists . More than 2,000 cars were abandoned on roadsides . Some employees spent the night at their workplaces , and commuters gave up trying to get home and slept in emergency shelters or even on the floors of roadside businesses . Students who were n't picked up by buses or their parents slept in their schools . Reaction was swift . The public lashed out at Deal and Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed for not acting quickly enough . Journalists sharply questioned Deal and Reed . "  Saturday Night Live " and "  The Daily Show With Jon Stewart " mocked Georgia and Atlanta . Reed , who works closely with Deal , also said he 'll respond more aggressively when bad weather strikes . "  We 're going to be as prepared as we can to be ready for the next storm , " Deal told reporters . Timeline : 2 inches of chaos in Atlanta	Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal names "  severe weather warning and preparedness task force " Georgia is making immediate changes in technology for storm response The public was infuriated by the government 's slow response Thousands of students were stranded in school by January 28 storm
CNN  -- The Obama administration will allow technology companies to release more information about the number of government surveillance requests for their customer data , according to an agreement announced Monday . Microsoft , Google , Yahoo , Facebook and Linked-In sued the government last summer in the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court seeking to disclose the data as a way to show customers how many snooping requests they receive and are required by court order to comply with . Apple has also made legal filings in support of the companies ' lawsuit . Under the agreement , companies will be allowed to publish broad categories of data on government requests for customer information made via national security letters , and orders made by surveillance court , both for general customer data and for content of customer communications . The companies will also be allowed to say how many customer accounts are affected . The detail companies can provide will be limited to groups of a thousand , or 250 , depending on which option companies choose to use . The court complaints have been dismissed , a spokeswoman for the companies said in a statement . "  We filed our lawsuits because we believe that the public has a right to know about the volume and types of national security requests we receive , " the statement said . "  We 're pleased the Department of Justice has agreed that we and other providers can disclose this information . While this is a very positive step , we 'll continue to encourage Congress to take additional steps to address all of the reforms we believe are needed . " The lawsuit by the companies followed leaks by former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden that made public the existence of certain NSA surveillance programs . The government has fought the corporate request , saying even broad numbers would hurt national security . The companies have argued they should be allowed to publish aggregate data , in part to reassure customers . The companies contend their businesses are hurt by any perception they are arms of vast government surveillance . Currently , they can release information on general law-enforcement requests with no specifics . In a January 17 speech at the Justice Department , President Barack Obama signaled his administration was willing to allow the companies to make data public . The night before the speech , tech company lawyers met at the White House with lawyers from the Justice Department and intelligence agencies , according to a government official familiar with the meeting . Deputy Attorney General James Cole , and his chief of staff , David O'Neil , proposed a compromise that prompted the White House to include the issue in the President 's speech . Last Thursday and Friday , the company lawyers and Justice Department officials completed terms of their agreement , the official said .	Issue involves U.S. surveillance requests for customer data ; controversy arose from Snowden leaks Microsoft , Google , Yahoo , Facebook and Linked-In sued the government They want to show their customers how many requests come in for information Government and companies reach an agreement to resolve differences
Washington  CNN  -- The Obama administration is considering the possibility of removing all U.S. troops in Afghanistan after the NATO combat mission officially finishes at the end of 2014 , White House officials said Tuesday . The comments by Ben Rhodes , the White House 's deputy national security adviser , come as the Pentagon and White House mull over the number of troops that could be left in Afghanistan after 2014 to fight insurgents and train Afghan security forces . Afghan President Hamid Karzai and President Obama are scheduled to meet on Friday in Washington . Presidents look to future of Afghanistan Rhodes said the administration is considering a range of options , with one scenario having no U.S. troops there . The range , according to defense officials , had until recently been between 6,000 and 15,000 U.S. troops possibly remaining in the country , based on an assessment by the U.S. top commander in Afghanistan , Gen. John Allen . "  We have an objective of making sure there 's no safe haven for al Qaeda within Afghanistan and making sure that the Afghan government has a security force that is sufficient , again , to assure the stability of the Afghan government and the denial of that safe haven , " Rhodes said . "  That 's what causes us to look for different potential troop numbers or not having potential troops in the country , " he continued . Rhodes said there were no expectations of any deal on post-2014 troop levels during the Karzai visit , and he said it could be months before any decision was made . Suicide bombing kills 5 The White House remains committed to ensuring Afghanistan does not return to its status as a safe haven for Al Qaeda , Rhodes said "  The president does not view these negotiations as having a goal of keeping U.S. troops in Afghanistan , " he said . "  And we 're guided by the shared missions that we 've agreed to with the Afghans , the training and equipping of their forces , and counterterrorism . " But the United States also is insistent on legal protection for any troops in Afghanistan after 2014 . If there is no agreement on that between the United States and Karzai between now and the end of 2014 , then it could lead to a similar situation for the United States as when it left Iraq . The refusal by the Iraqi government to extend legal protections for U.S. troops after the end of the war in Iraq was a major reason the United States left the country with no residual military training force . But Karzai has said he would like for U.S. troops to remain after the end of the NATO mission . He also has been highly critical of the troops over the years , following incidents in which U.S. forces have killed civilians . Attack takes life of British soldier U.S. defense officials are playing a wait-and-see game on what the Karzai visit will produce . As one defense official told CNN on Monday about the Afghan president , "  It 's Karzai ; who knows what he will want on any given day ? "	Administration mulls how many troops to leave in country after major pullout Obama to meet Friday with Afghan President Hamid Karzai U.S. seeks legal protection for small number of troops left behind Lack of legal agreement prompted complete pullout from Iraq
CNN  -- Eight months after revealing her diagnosis with early-onset Alzheimer 's , the head coach of the University of Tennessee 's women 's basketball team announced she was stepping down Wednesday . Pat Summitt , who led the Lady Vols to eight national championships and whose 1,098 wins are the most in major-college basketball history , will remain involved in mentoring players and recruiting as the team 's head coach emeritus , the university said . "  I 've loved being the head coach at Tennessee for 38 years , but I recognize that the time has come to move into the future and to step into a new role , " Summitt said in a statement released by the university . Associate head coach Holly Warlick , an assistant on the team 's staff for 27 seasons , has been named Summitt 's successor , the university said . "  If anyone asks , you can find me observing practice or in my office , " the 60-year-old Summitt said . "  Coaching is the great passion of my life , and the job to me has always been an opportunity to work with our student athletes and help them discover what they want . I will continue to make them my passion . I love our players and my fellow coaches , and that 's not going to change . " Along with other university officials , Summitt is expected to speak to reporters at a news conference on Thursday . In August , she said that her prediagnosis symptoms included asking her son the same question repeatedly , but said she intended to keep coaching . Related : Alzheimer 's and college basketball 's winningest coach As she headed into her 38th season with the team in November , she said she 'd scaled back some of her workload , allowing assistant coaches to handle e-mails and other tasks . "  I wake up and I go and drink my coffee , and I do about 12 puzzles before I ever go into the office , " Summitt said at the time . "  When I get there , my mind is sharp . And that 's important -- very important . " Summitt , long revered for her success , was widely praised for continuing to work . SI.com 's Kelli Anderson wrote that Summitt could add to her legacy by bringing attention to Alzheimer 's in the way other sports figures have done -- Jim Valvano , Kay Yow and Lance Armstrong for cancer ; Arthur Ashe and Magic Johnson for HIV/AIDS . After her announcement , the university 's athletic department began selling bright orange "  We Back Pat " T-shirts , giving the proceeds to Alzheimer 's Tennessee and the University of Tennessee Medical Center . School officials , former players and longtime rivals alike praised Summitt on Wednesday . "  It is extremely difficult to adequately express what Pat Summitt has meant to the University of Tennessee , the sport of basketball and the growth of women 's athletics nationally , " University of Tennessee Athletic Director Dave Hart said . "  She is an icon who does not view herself in that light , and her legacy is well-defined and everlasting . Just like there will never be another  UCLA men 's basketball coach  John Wooden , there will never be another Pat Summitt . I look forward to continuing to work with her in her new role . She is an inspiration to everyone . " Beth Bass , CEO of the Women 's Basketball Coaches Association , noted that Summitt was a founding member of the group . "  When you think of women 's basketball , you think of Pat Summitt . She is the first female coach whose name literally has become synonymous with her sport . ... All coaches of girls ' and women 's basketball have her to thank in large part for the success our game now enjoys , " Bass said in a statement . Geno Auriemma , coach of the University of Connecticut 's women 's basketball team , said Summitt would "  continue to make significant impacts " in her new role . "  Pat 's vision for the game of women 's basketball and her relentless drive pushed the game to a new level and made it possible for the rest of us to accomplish what we did , " Auriemma said in a statement . Summitt was 22 years old when she became the team 's head coach in 1974 . Under her leadership , Tennessee has been the only school to appear in all 32 NCAA Women 's Basketball Tournaments since the tournament 's inception in 1982 , the university said . The Lady Vols have earned a No. 1 seed in the tournament 21 times . During the 2011-2012 season , Sports Illustrated named Summitt as Sportswoman of the Year , and the NCAA gave her the NCAA President 's Gerald R. Ford Award for her leadership in intercollegiate athletics . "  Her career is a powerful reminder that the job of the coach is not just to win games but to be a mentor and help develop the life skills of their players , " U.S. Secretary of Education Arne Duncan said in a statement Wednesday . "  Now , as she moves on to continue her courageous role as a spokesperson in the fight against Alzheimer 's , I know she will continue to educate and teach so many of us once more . " CNN 's Jason Hanna , Chuck Johnston and Sally Holland contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. education secretary praises coach 's "  courageous role " in Alzheimer 's fight "  The time has come to move into the future and step into a new role , " Pat Summitt says She will remain involved in mentoring players and recruiting , the university says In August , Summitt revealed she had early-onset Alzheimer 's
CNN  -- Manfred Zbrzezny wants to bulk up his arsenal . For the past few years , the founder of the Liberia-based Fyrkuna Metalworks and his team of skilful craftsmen have been collecting weapons scrap -- relics of the West African country 's vicious civil conflict -- for their Arms into Art project . From their open-sided workshop near Monrovia , the capital of Liberia , the artisans expertly cut , melt and weld scrap metals to fashion them into intricate sculptures . In their hands , decommissioned AK-47s , RPG launchers and bazookas are transformed into elaborate candle stands , whimsical lamps and even life-size metal trees . "  What was an instrument of suffering can become something beautiful and useful , " says Zbrzezny , a German/Italian artistic blacksmith who 's been calling Liberia home since the mid-2000s . Read this : Artist gives trash a second chance "  I want to do something serene out of all these things that are violent and nasty , " he adds . "  I prefer doing my pieces a little bit funny or sweet , instead of doing something macabre or rough . " Remnants of war For materials , Fyrkuna first relied on the decommissioned instruments of warfare gathered during Liberia 's disarmament process . On some occasions , individuals who 've come to know their work have also brought in discarded guns they 've found for the craftsmen to work with . Zbrzezny , whose team of Liberian workers includes four staff and two trainees , says he is now looking to expand the project and hopefully export of some of his artwork abroad . Read this : Artwork shows conflict in new light "  I am trying to convince the United Nations mission in Liberia to turn over their weapons scrap to me so I could continue this work , " he says . ` Healing process ' Liberia , the oldest republic in Africa , descended into darkness in 1989 , mired in the grip of a brutal civil war that shattered much of its economy and infrastructure . Read this : Fixing Liberia 's water crisis Although the fighting came to an end in 2003 , leaving an estimated 250,000 people dead and thousands more displaced , many in Liberia still bear the deep scars of years of conflict . "  There 's nobody who was n't affected by the war , " says Zbrzezny , who first traveled to Liberia before the end of the conflict in 2003 . He describes Fyrkuna 's work as a way of helping the nation heal its wounds by transforming the destructive devices of its war-torn past into something positive . "  Looking at Arms into Art the majority of people remains thoughtfully silent , " he says . "  This moment of silence acts like a flashback , a remembering of the war and ... is also an indicator for me that there is a long psychological work to do on the war issue . "  There is still a lot of digestion on that and I hope somehow I 'm part of that . "	Craftsmen in Liberia transform scrap weapons into artwork Their art ranges from furniture and candle stands to lamps and trees Liberia descended into a vicious civil war in 1989 that last for 14 years Fyrkuna Metalworks say its work is part of the nation 's healing process
CNN  -- The man who once indignantly remarked , "  I 'm a fascist , not a racist , " has publicly disavowed his past far-right statements after the storm of controversy that has followed his appointment as manager of an English Premier League soccer team . Sunderland 's decision to hire Paolo Di Canio at the weekend has left the club and the Italian facing a barrage of questions about his past , when he has admitted being "  fascinated " by his country 's former dictator Benito Mussolini . He even has tattoos of fascist emblems . His new club 's vice-chairman , prominent politician David Miliband , stepped down as soon as the announcement was made . At first Di Canio refused to respond , saying he would only talk about football-related matters . However , following widespread media pressure , protests from local war veterans , anti-racism groups , a leading church member from England 's north-east region whose mother was a Jewish refugee , and several anti-Di Canio Facebook pages , the 44-year-old has released a statement to clarify his beliefs . "  I feel that I should not have to continually justify myself to people who do not understand this , however I will say one thing only -- I am not the man that some people like to portray , " Di Canio said in a statement on Sunderland 's website on Wednesday . "  I am not political , I do not affiliate myself to any organization , I am not a racist and I do not support the ideology of fascism . I respect everyone . " Di Canio was once a member of a hardcore right-wing fan group that follows his hometown team Lazio -- the club where he started his career and later got into trouble when he returned , when he made straight-arm salutes to the crowd in 2005 . At the time he was praised by members of Mussolini 's family , but the football authorities fined him and suspended him for one match . Lazio , meanwhile , has been charged four times this season over the racist behavior of its fans . The decision by Sunderland 's American owner Ellis Short to hire a man with such a controversial past was seen by many as being at odds with the club 's strong family values . Its work with children in the community helped secure a sponsorship deal with the "  Invest in Africa " group and also led to a partnership with the Nelson Mandela Foundation . Both have said that Di Canio 's appointment will not affect their relationship with Sunderland , while several fan groups told CNN Tuesday that they supported his arrival . "  It is a football-related matter and under the remit of the club , " an Invest in Africa spokesman told the UK Press Association . The Mandela charity , whose partnership was publicly launched at a high-profile home match against Manchester United on Saturday , met with Di Canio and club officials on Monday . "  At the heart of the partnership is a commitment to our Founder 's values with a special focus on human rights and anti-racism , " it said in a statement Tuesday . "  At the meeting on Monday , Sunderland reaffirmed its commitment to these values and the ethos of the partnership . " Di Canio is now hoping to focus on the task of keeping Sunderland in the top division , in what is only his second managerial role after less than two years at Swindon -- a club he took from the fourth tier of the English game to the third before quitting over its financial problems . His new team is just one point above the relegation zone with seven games to play ahead of his first match in charge -- Sunday 's trip to fourth-placed Chelsea . "  I have clearly stated that I do not wish to speak about matters other than football , however , I have been deeply hurt by the attacks on the football club , " he said Wednesday . "  This is a historic , proud and ethical club and to read and hear some of the vicious and personal accusations is painful . I am an honest man , my values and principles come from my family and my upbringing . "  Now I will speak only of football . "	English soccer club 's new manager issues statement denying he has fascist beliefs Paolo Di Canio had initially refused to talk about his past statements His appointment has caused a barrage of widespread criticism However , Sunderland 's key partners have refused to condemn his arrival
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- Ethnic fighting once again engulfed Kenya 's western Rift Valley on Sunday as witnesses and Red Cross officials reported brutal attacks by members of President Mwai Kibaki 's Kikuyu tribe on other ethnic groups . Police attempt to secure a street in Naivasha , where violence flared on Sunday . The violence spread to the Rift Valley town of Naivasha on Sunday , where the Red Cross said there were reports of people being burned alive in their homes . Kenya 's main opposition party and the Red Cross said as many as 30 people were killed . Ethnic killings continued in the nearby Rift Valley town of Nakuru , where another 47 people have died since the latest wave of violence began on Thursday , according to the opposition Orange Democratic Movement . The opposition death toll is much higher than police figures , which do not include Sunday 's violence in Naivasha . Police say 31 people have died in the Rift Valley region since last Thursday . Watch CNN 's Zain Verjee report on the violence " In a statement released Sunday , ODM leader Raila Odinga condemned reports of 30 people being burned alive in their Naivasha homes and blamed the Kibaki government for fomenting the violence in the region . "  I condemn this murderous and evil act in the strongest terms possible , " he said . "  What is now emerging is that criminal gangs , in a killing spree , working under police protection , are part of a well-orchestrated plan of terror . " It is a dramatic turn of events , considering Odinga was shaking Kibaki 's hand three days ago after the two met under the auspices of former United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan . Many had hoped Thursday 's meeting , arranged by Annan who is mediating peace efforts , would bring an end to the outbreak of bloody ethnic battles that followed last month 's contested presidential vote . But it seems to have had the opposite effect . Odinga blamed Kibaki 's government for orchestrating the Rift Valley violence "  to try to influence mediation efforts " and "  to divert  attention  from election malpractice to security and violence . " "  After stealing the elections from Kenyans , Kibaki now wishes to deny them justice and peace , " Odinga said . A Red Cross official said the agency had received reports of a non-Kikuyu family burned to death in their house in Naivasha . Television footage showed a man in the back of a police vehicle covered in blood with a large machete wound on the side of his head . Kenyan police dispersed large gangs and cleared rocks littering the streets of the lakeside town , which is dominated by Kikuyu . Tree branches , heavy boulders and oil drums littered the streets of Naivasha 's town center as the Kikuyu gangs erected temporary road blocks , CNN correspondent Zain Verjee reported . She said the atmosphere was tense as the gangs checked cars to identify rival tribes . Verjee said there was a heavy police presence on the outskirts of the town . Some shops remained open but the town center was almost deserted except for the roaming gangs . It was a similar situation in Nakuru on Sunday , where ODM member the Rev. Mike Brawan said members of the Kikuyu tribe "  are flushing out the non-Kikuyus from their houses . " He said Kikuyus are going house-to-house , attacking civilians who are not members of the tribe , as well as looting and burning their property . Police , he said , "  are not doing much . " Brawan said he saw homes burned and people hacked to death in the violence . "  They just die with a lot of pain , " he said . It is estimated -- depending on the source -- that between 500 and 1,000 people have been killed in the violence that followed the December 27 election in which Kibaki kept his post . Odinga , the OMD candidate for president , and his supporters claim the election was rigged . International observers noted some irregularities in the voting . Fighting , centered in western Kenya and Nairobi 's slums , broke out between tribes loyal to Kibaki and Odinga after Kibaki was declared the winner of recent elections . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Zain Verjee and Stephanie Halasz contributed to this report .	Red Cross reports people being burned alive Ethnic fighting kills 47 people since Thursday in western Kenya , opposition says Violence follows meeting between President Kibaki and opposition leader More than 500 people have been killed in violence that followed the election
LONDON , England  CNN  -- John Darwin 's wife said her husband faked his own death to avoid mounting debts and holed up in the family home for years , hiding from his own sons , according to UK media reports . Anne Darwin said her husband , believed by police and his sons to have been lost at sea five years ago , recently returned to the UK , faking amnesia , because he missed his now-adult children , according to The Daily Mirror . "  I did n't think he would get away with it but he had had enough of being dead , " she is quoted as saying . John Darwin , 57 , is being questioned by police in northeastern England following his arrest on suspicion of fraud , a spokesman for Cleveland , England , police said . Darwin walked into a police station in London last weekend -- five years after he was thought to have died after the remains of a canoe he paddled into the North Sea , off northeastern England , washed up on shore . Darwin was declared dead by a coroner in 2003 , 13 months after his disappearance in March 2002 . His wife , the paper reported , described how the prison officer and former teacher discussed faking his death just before he disappeared because of mounting debts . When John Darwin vanished she said she thought he was dead -- until , she is reported to have said , he turned up on the doorstep of the family home at Seaton Carew , northeastern England , one year later . "  I did n't even recognize him at first , " Anne Darwin told the newspaper , adding that her husband looked thin , dirty and smelled dreadful . "  I was relieved he was alive , of course . But I was also very angry with him . " She said that her husband stayed at the home on and off before he got a one-room apartment in another part of the large house so he could vanish if friends or family arrived , also disguising himself with a hat or limp when he went outside . But hiding away began to take its toll , Anne Darwin reportedly said , and the pair decided to leave Britain . Her husband traveled on a false passport to look at property in Cyprus and inquire about buying a catamaran in Gibraltar , she said , before they finally settled in Panama . She went to live there six weeks ago . She is believed to be in the United States after leaving Panama on a flight late Thursday , a Panamanian immigration representative has told CNN . Anne Darwin , the newspaper said , stated that it was always her plan to repay two insurance policies in her husband 's name : one , a life insurance policy , for # 25,000  $ 50,000  ; and another for # 130,000  $ 265,000  , which was paid to their home loan company to pay off the mortgage in the event of her husband 's death . The newspaper said she was not paid for her story and accepts she is likely to be arrested upon her return to Britain . Following his reappearance last weekend , John Darwin was initially reunited with his two sons , who released a joint statement saying their father claimed to have amnesia dating back to June 2000 . But in a statement released by Cleveland police Thursday , the sons , Mark , 31 , and Anthony , 29 , said they were in an "  angry and confused state of mind " and they wanted no further contact with their parents . After media reports Thursday that Anne Darwin had confessed to knowing her husband was alive , the sons said : "  If the papers ' allegations of a confession from our mam are true , then we very much feel that we have been the victims in a large scam . " "  In the short space of time following our dad 's appearance in London on Saturday , we have gone through a rollercoaster of emotion , " the statement said . "  From the height of elation at finding him to be alive to the depths of despair at the recent stories of fraud and these latest pictures , " it added . "  How could our mam continue to let us believe our dad had died when he was very much alive ? We have not spoken to either of our parents since our dad 's arrest and at this present time we want no further contact with them , " the statement said . E-mail to a friend	Reports : Wife says he faked his death to avoid debts , hid in their home for years John Darwin , 57 , thought to have drowned at sea off northeastern England in 2002 Reappeared last week ; being questioned on suspicion of fraud Sons of the couple say they are in an "  angry and confused state of mind "
The recent video depicting the final words and beheading of U.S. journalist James Wright Foley by someone that seems to be a British foreign fighter has sent shockwaves across the West . The video has already been blocked multiple times from various video-sharing platforms , only to reappear as many times , something that once again emphasizes that the new frontline for counter-terrorist practitioners is online extremism . Labeled as a "  Message to America , " the video adds another line of fodder to ISIS ' tech-savvy and social media-driven propaganda and messaging . The scene is filmed on a high quality device with seamless editing of President Obama 's speech authorizing military action against ISIS positions , something which it argues led directly to this , ISIS ' brutal response . The answer to why ISIS -- which refers to itself as the "  Islamic State "  "  IS "  -- makes and popularizes such videos is simple : They represent a critical threat to the West on two levels . On the one hand , the video directly warns the West of repercussions if its intervention continues . On the other , it represents a more subtle threat reminding Europe and the United States that their own citizens are vulnerable to being radicalized , that ISIS supporters are present all over the world . In the past , most ISIS propaganda had focused on the development of the caliphate state and on securing territories within Syria and Iraq . The primary target audience had been Syrian and Iraqi military forces and militias . So , creating an elaborate display of beheading an American represents a distinct change in messaging , turning the threat towards the West . The act is declared as revenge for U.S. air strikes against ISIS fighters in Iraq . Indeed , the apparently British militant conducting the beheading addresses Obama directly , declaring that any attempt "  to deny Muslims liberty and safety under the Islamic caliphate will result in the bloodshed of your people . " Clearly , here ISIS is attempting to strip U.S. intervention down to the rudimentary "  us versus them rhetoric " -- depicting the West , and specifically America , as a force that is continually trying to oppress Muslims the world over . This is nothing new . In the ISIS English-language magazine , "  Dabiq , " Westerners are referred to as "  Crusaders , " linking present day events with historical events where Christians  predominantly , but not exclusively , from the West  have targeted Muslims . As such , the U.S. decision to commence military action in Iraq based on humanitarian concerns , without the equivalent military intervention of other Middle Eastern political powers has played into ISIS rhetoric against America . ISIS knows that U.S. military action is unlikely to change based on one video . However , by making this threat and demanding that the U.S. stop military interference in the region , ISIS gives itself justification for direct action against American hostages and potentially justifies action against the U.S. directly . Opinion : Beheading video poses challenge for social media Using an apparently British foreign fighter to carry out the beheading in the Foley execution video was a deliberate act perpetrated in order to create the maximum impact and gain as much Western attention as possible . The use of what seems to be a native English-speaker in the video forces Western viewers to recognize an individual who has wholeheartedly rejected his past , and who is committed to ISIS ' cause -- willing to carry out the most abhorrent acts of violence in the name of its political program . Western governments face an ongoing threat that their citizens will become radicalized and go abroad to fight in Syria and Iraq . Aaron Zelin , a fellow at the Washington Center for Near East Policy , estimates that almost 3,000 foreign fighters have left Western countries to fight in Syria . This is an unprecedented number , already far surpassing the number that left to fight in Afghanistan during the previous 10-year conflict . The success of ISIS in promoting their cause and attracting fighters from abroad is a combination of an advanced social media strategy paired with a lack of counter-narratives . While ISIS supporters handing out leaflets on London streets may gain more media attention , it is ISIS ' online presence that is its most powerful recruitment tool . ISIS has been a game-changer in terms of using Twitter , YouTube and its own online apps to engage with potential recruits , promote its victories and antagonize its perceived enemies . Twitter feeds regularly depict an idealized image of a 5-star jihad to draw in young potential jihadists , often mentioning the availability of young local women who are marrying ISIS fighters . These same feeds also boast of "  spoils " -- military weaponry and vehicles won in battle . Violence towards the enemy is also a common theme , largely because it threatens those willing to stand up to ISIS , something that cultivates intrinsic fear in future military and paramilitary personnel attempting to face the group . Right now , we are woefully lacking in both online and offline content that stands up against ISIS messaging . Counter-messaging needs to come from moderate theologians explaining why Islam does not condone the use of violence . Other community voices must be louder in their arguments against the validity of a caliphate state . Finally , governments must give a clear message about why they are intervening militarily in some areas , like Iraq , but unwilling to act in others , like Syria . The extremist minority is exceptionally vocal and continues to overwhelm discourse on the validity of ISIS and its actions , particularly online . Only by empowering and activating the vast moderate majority can we turn the tide against ISIS . Would you watch the video ?	Video of James Foley being beheaded by ISIS militants sent shockwaves across world "  Message to America " aimed at striking fear in Western governments and citizens alike Erin Saltman says new frontline for counter-terrorist practitioners is online extremism "  Only by empowering vast moderate majority can we turn tide against ISIS . " says Saltman
CNN  -- NASA is suspending much of its work with Russia in light of its actions in Ukraine but said it will continue to collaborate with Russia 's space agency on International Space Station operations . The decision by the U.S. space agency to halt "  the majority of its ongoing engagements " with Russia 's Roscosmos comes amid heightened tensions sparked by Russia 's annexation last month of Ukraine 's southern Crimea region . A statement sent out by NASA on Wednesday said the U.S. space agency was acting "  given Russia 's ongoing violation of Ukraine 's sovereignty and territorial integrity . " But , the statement said , it will continue to work with Roscosmos to "  maintain safe and continuous operation of the International Space Station . " In 2011 , NASA retired its space shuttle fleet , its only means of getting to and from the station . Now , Russian Soyuz capsules ferry U.S. astronauts and cosmonauts , together with supplies that can fit in the smaller craft . In its statement , NASA appealed for more funding from Congress to help it resume manned American space flights . "  NASA is laser focused on a plan to return human spaceflight launches to American soil , and end our reliance on Russia to get into space , " it said . "  This has been a top priority of the Obama Administration 's for the past five years , and had our plan been fully funded , we would have returned American human spaceflight launches -- and the jobs they support -- back to the United States next year . "  With the reduced level of funding approved by Congress , we 're now looking at launching from U.S. soil in 2017 . The choice here is between fully funding the plan to bring space launches back to America or continuing to send millions of dollars to the Russians . It 's that simple . " The U.S. space agency 's decision to suspend many activities comes in the same week that 28-member defense bloc NATO said it was ending cooperation with Russia over its activities in Ukraine . Western leaders have condemned Russia 's annexation of Crimea as a violation of international law and called on Moscow to pull back the tens of thousands of troops it has massed near Ukraine 's eastern border . Russia says its forces are there to take part in military exercises and will return to base when those are finished . Russia recalls ambassador to NATO amid Ukraine tensions Opinion : Is Vladimir Putin irrational ? Amid U.S.-Russia tensions , space show goes on CNN 's Suzanne Presto contributed to this report .	NASA says it is suspending many operations with Russia because of Ukraine But U.S. , Russian agencies will continue joint International Space Station operations The U.S. space agency is reliant on Russian spacecraft to reach the ISS NASA says more funding from Congress would mean it could resume space flights sooner
CNN  -- Alicia Azzopardi was laid off just before Christmas . It could n't have happened at a better time . Trent Vondrasek , who went from the auto industry to an unpaid internship , poses with his children . "  I was so upset when I left my job , " said Azzopardi . "  I was crying , and I just did n't know what to do . " The same week that she got laid off , Michigan State University accepted her into its accelerated nursing program . Even better , she learned she qualified for a grant from the Michigan Nursing Corps . The state-funded initiative , which provides her with a $ 25,000 stipend , is addressing Michigan 's nursing shortage in part by rewarding workers who have been laid off . "  My tuition is pretty much 100 percent paid for , and I do n't take that lightly , " said Azzopardi , 28 , who has a background in business and sales . While trying to survive in the state with the highest unemployment rate in the nation , Azzopardi and others are taking advantage of their job losses by pursuing careers they 've always wanted . Michigan 's 14.1 percent unemployment in May towers above the national average of 9.5 percent , according to U.S. Department of Labor statistics for June . "  It 's a really hard thing to change careers when you did n't want to , " said Martha Mangelsdorf , author of "  Strategies for Successful Career Change . " But starting over at an older age carries less of a stigma than it once did . "  It 's not like the 1950s where people started with one company and stayed there for the rest of their working career , " Mangelsdorf said . The oldest intern For Trent Vondrasek , 42 , chasing the dream translated to becoming the oldest intern at the Lansing , Michigan , mayor 's office , after he lost his job in October as a consultant for General Motors . But the father of three had found himself hobbled by a major career decision in his 20s that continues to plague him . He quit college to take a sales job for an auto supplier . "  One of the mitigating factors -LSB- potential employers -RSB- are looking for is , do you have a college degree ? And I do n't have one . Even though I 've got 18 years ' experience , I 'm not even considered , " said Vondrasek . Now , Vondrasek is trying to break into politics , but has found that he has to make his way up the ladder . As an unpaid intern , his peers were about half his age . He also was older than some of his superiors . "  I learned a lot from them , and I think they learned some things from me also , " Vondrasek said of the other interns . "  Because of my sales experience , I 'm used to dealing with people . " Vondrasek highlighted one episode of his new career that he said brought him exceptional job satisfaction . He helped protect a woman from losing her electricity and from a mortgage company that was threatening to foreclose on her home . The woman had complained that agencies would not return her calls . Vondrasek used his influence and links to the mayor 's office to talk with the agencies . Vondrasek also studies political science at Lansing Community College . He 's paying tuition out of his own pocket , which is a challenge as his family tightens its belt . "  I fully realize that by going into public service , I 'm not going to be financially as sound as I was in the automotive industry , because I got paid extremely well for what I did , " he said . "  But if I can get more self-satisfaction out of it and be prouder of what I 'm doing on a day-to-day basis , then for me , that 's a win . " Still , Vondrasek said , he probably would not have taken this route if he had not been laid off . Volunteering and pursuing avenues where you excel , like Vondrasek did , can help career-changers make the best of the situation , said Mary Beth Sammons , author of "  Second Acts that Change Lives : Making a Difference in the World . " "  This is an opportunity to look where your heart is and to follow your passions , " she said . Sammons has her own story to tell . Based in Chicago , Illinois , with a journalism background , she began writing her book last fall after losing her job as vice president of a Web site for people facing health crises . "  I had already done the second act , taking my journalism skills and putting them in a place I thought was meaningful -- helping people that were sick and dying , " said Sammons , 52 . "  I suddenly realized I had to create another act for myself . " Her next personal chapter became writing about people who reinvented themselves . How to manage a successful career change For those looking for a change in direction , here are several resources that might ease the transition :	Some people make the most of a job loss by pursuing careers they 've always wanted A Michigan program helps fund a woman 's nursing education after job loss Former GM employee becomes the oldest intern at a mayor 's office Several government Web sites can help you change careers , fund education
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic has a smile on his face again -- and not just because of his perfect record at this week 's ATP World Tour Finals . At the start of last week , the Serbian tennis star was battling with the news that his father had been taken seriously ill . It badly affected his preparations for the Paris Masters , and he lost his opening match . Srdjan Djokovic was hospitalized with a reported acute respiratory condition , but his condition has since improved -- which has allowed his son to find focus for the $ 5.5 million season-ending event in London . "  Well , it was hard . It still is , but there is good news every day , " said the world No. 1 , who lost his grandfather in April just hours before playing a match in Monte Carlo . "  That makes me happier , makes me play more relaxed on the court . I switch off on the tennis court . I try to think only about the match and it 's been working well so far . "  Every win means a lot for my family and me . But there are more important things in life , and that 's health . I guess that 's the priority now . " Djokovic is through to the semifinals of the elite eight-man tournament following Friday 's 6-2 7-6  8-6  victory over sixth-ranked Czech Tomas Berdych , which gave him a 100 % record in three Group A matches . As he did in Wednesday 's win over world No. 3 Andy Murray , Djokovic was forced to battle hard and he saved three set-points to prevent the match going to a decider . "  I played a really good match but I thought he served better towards the end of the second set . I was fortunate to come back and win in straight sets , " said Djokovic , who ended Berdych 's hopes of repeating last year 's progress to the semifinals with his 11th win in their last 12 encounters . It took him to 73 match victories this year , equaling the leading mark set by David Ferrer . Djokovic won the tournament in 2008 its final staging in Shanghai , but last year failed to qualify out of a group including Berdych . He ran out of steam following a breakthrough season in which he toppled Rafael Nadal from the No. 1 ranking and claimed three of the four grand slam titles . Berdych will now look forward to next week 's 100th Davis Cup final , where he will lead his country against Spain . Murray also made it through to the last four in London , beating Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga 6-2 7-6  7-3  . The U.S. Open and Olympic champion needed only to win the first set to go through , following Berdych 's defeat , and did so with few problems before Tsonga made a match of it . Murray and Djokovic must wait for Saturday 's Group B results before finding out who they will play on Sunday . Wimbledon champion Roger Federer has already secured a semifinal place , but the result of his match against Juan Martin del Potro will decide who tops the group . World No. 5 Ferrer -- who has a tour-leading seven titles this year -- can also go through if he beats Janko Tipsarevic and defending Federer wins his third successive match .	Novak Djokovic reveals that his father 's condition is steadily improving Srdjan Djokovic was hospitalized at the start of last week before son lost in Paris Serbian has bounced back on court this week in London , reaching ATP semifinals U.S. Open champion Andy Murray also through to last four in season finale
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Entering the 80th day of a hunger strike Wednesday , former Palestinian national football player Mahmoud Sarsak said he will continue until he is released from the Israeli prison where he has been held without charge since July 2009 . Sarsak is protesting Israel 's controversial policy of "  illegal combatant " -- also known as administrative detention -- which allows Israeli authorities to detain Palestinians indefinitely . Also Wednesday , two human rights organizations expressed concern about Sarsak and two other hunger strikers : Akram Rikhawi , whose protest was entering its 56th day , and Samer Al-Barq , who 's been held since July 2010 . A month ago , most of the 1,650 Palestinian prisoners on a hunger strike against administrative detention ended their protest after an Egyptian-mediated agreement between Israeli and Palestinian authorities to improve prison conditions . However , Sarsak and a handful of other prisoners continued to starve themselves . Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev told CNN that Sarsak 's case "  has been brought before numerous judges who have seen the evidence and have ruled in favor of his continued detention . He is part of Islamic jihad , one of the most extreme Iranian-supported terrorist organizations , that has a track record of brutal murder against innocent civilians . " A native of the southern Gaza Strip city of Rafah , Sarsak , 25 , was on his way to join the Balata football team in the West Bank when he was arrested three years ago despite having the proper Israeli permits to travel , his family told CNN . "  The Israeli occupation is unjust in arresting my brother without any reason , " Imad , Sarsak 's 36-year-old brother , told CNN . "  He has been in an Israeli prison for more than three years without any charge . On what basis does Israel arrest him ? He was not carrying any explosives , only his football outfit and his football shoes . Israel is violating international law , my brother does not belong to any militant organization , " Imad Sarsak said . Human rights lawyers contest Israel 's detention of Sarsak and say it is politically motivated . "  The use of the ` illegal combatant law , ' like in the case of Mahmoud Sarsak , is a political reason and not a security reason as Israel is claiming , " said Sahar Francis , the director of Addameer , a group that advocates human rights and provides prisoner support . Francis went further , accusing Israel of detaining him to damage his career . Sivan Weizman , a spokeswoman for the Israeli prison service , told CNN that "  Sarsak has not been on a hunger strike for all the 80 days ; he eats and restarts his hunger strike . He is in an Israeli military medical center and getting medical care . " But human rights activists are worried about his health . In a joint statement , Physicians for Human Rights-Israel and the Palestinian Council of Human Rights Organizations said that Sarsak 's protest has caused "  an imminent threat to his life . " They say he has lost muscle tissue and 33 % of his body weight , and suffers from frequent fainting and lapses in memory . They also said pulse disruptions are endangering his life . Anat Litvin , the director of prisoners and detainees for Physicians for Human Rights-Israel , told CNN that "  Sarsak is the longest Palestinian on hunger strike , and we are afraid that the medical center of the Israeli prison service is not the right place for him to be , because they are not able to give him the proper treatment , especially if something happens in his condition while on hunger strike . The fear is that there will be rapid deterioration ; they can not perform medical tests such as blood tests and ultrasound or an X-ray on the spot . " Rikhawi , the statement said , has lost muscle tissue and a drastic amount of weight , and needs immediate hospitalization . He has been in a prison medical center "  since his arrest in 2004 , as he suffers from many different chronic conditions . " Doctors are force-feeding him , the statement said . The human rights groups said that Al-Barq , 38 , began his hunger strike in April , suspended it on May 14 and restarted it on May 21 . The statement called for the strikers to be moved to civilian hospitals with access to independent doctors and family members , and urged the United Nations , United States and Europe to pressure Israel to end administrative detention . An Amnesty International report released Wednesday calls on the Israeli government to release all prisoners held under administrative detention or to give them fair trials . Titled "  Starved Justice , " the report says that the nonviolent protests , which brought several detainees close to death , drew global attention to the fact that Palestinian prisoners held by Israel continue to be starved of justice . The report also alleges torture and ill treatment during interrogations of Palestinian prisoners , especially those held under administrative detention .	Mahmoud Sarsak 's protest at an Israeli prison entered its 80th day Wednesday He has been held without charge since July 2009 Israeli authorities say he 's a dangerous extremist , and his strike has stopped and restarted But his family says he 's not a militant , and rights activists worry about his health
MINNEAPOLIS , Minnesota  CNN  -- Drivers who were on the Minneapolis bridge when it collapsed told harrowing tales of survival . "  The whole bridge from one side of the Mississippi to the other just completely gave way , fell all the way down , " survivor Gary Babineau told CNN . "  I probably had a 30 - , 35-foot free fall . And there 's cars in the water , there 's cars on fire . The whole bridge is down . " He said his back was injured but he determined he could move around . "  I realized there was a school bus right next to me , and me and a couple of other guys went over and started lifting the kids off the bridge . They were yelling , screaming , bleeding . I think there were some broken bones . " Watch a driver describe his narrow escape " At home when he heard about the disaster , Dr. John Hink , an emergency room physician , jumped into his car and rushed to the scene in 15 minutes . He arrived at the south side of the bridge , stood on the riverbank and saw dozens of people lying dazed on an expansive deck . They were in the middle of the Mississippi River , which was churning fast , and he had no way of getting to them . He went to the north side , where there was easier access to people . Ambulances were also having a hard time driving down to the river to get closer to the scene . Working feverishly , volunteers , EMTs and other officials managed to get 55 people into ambulances in less than two hours . Occasionally , a pickup truck with a medic inside would drive to get an injured person and bring him back up even ground , Hink told CNN . The rescue effort was controlled and organized , he said ; the opposite of the lightning-quick collapse . "  I could see the whole bridge as it was going down , as it was falling , " Babineau said . "  It just gave a rumble real quick , and it all just gave way , and it just fell completely , all the way to the ground . And there was dust everywhere and it was just like everyone has been saying : It was just like out of the movies . " Babineau said the rear of his pickup truck was dangling over the edge of a broken-off section of the bridge . He said several vehicles slid past him into the water . "  I stayed in my car for one or two seconds . I saw a couple cars fall , " he said . "  So I stayed in my car until the cars quit falling for a second , then I got out real quick , ran in front of my truck -- because behind my truck was just a hole -- and I helped a woman off of the bridge with me . "  I just wanted off the bridge , and then I ran over to the school bus . I started grabbing kids and handing them down . It was just complete chaos . " He said most of the children were crying or screaming . He and other rescuers set them on the ground and told them to run to the river bank , but a few needed to be carried because of their injuries . See rescuers clamber over rubble " Babineau said he had no rescue training . "  I just knew what I had to do at the moment . " Melissa Hughes , 32 , of Minneapolis , told The Associated Press that she was driving home when the western edge of the bridge collapsed under her . "  You know that free-fall feeling ? I felt that twice , " Hughes said . A pickup landed on top of her car , but she was not hurt . "  I had no idea there was a vehicle on my car , " she told AP . "  It 's really very surreal . " Babineau told the Minneapolis Star-Tribune : "  On the way down , I thought I was dead . I literally thought I was dead . "  My truck was completely face down , pointed toward the ground , and my truck got ripped in half . It was folded in half , and I ca n't believe I 'm alive . " See and hear eyewitness accounts " Bernie Toivonen told CNN 's "  American Morning " that his vehicle was on a part of the bridge that ended up tilted at a 45-degree angle . "  I knew the deck was going down , there was no question about it , and I thought I was going to die , " he said . After the bridge settled and his car remained upright , "  I just put in park , turned the key off and said , ` Oh , I 'm alive , ' " he said . E-mail to a friend	NEW : "  I thought I was going to die , " driver says Man says pickup truck was folded in half ; he just has cut on face Driver : "  I probably had a 30 - , 35-foot free fall " Minnesota bridge collapsed during rush hour Wednesday
