The Frisky  -- I took a day off to head upstate with some friends for a relaxing weekend in the country . Plaid shirts were worn , showers were abstained from , and copious amounts of pork , wine , and other stuff were ingested . A great time was had by all , especially when my girlfriends took the time to put their heads together to come up with a "  back-up plan " for yours truly . First , let 's just talk about what , exactly , a back-up plan is . Should life not go as ideally intended -- in career , love , etc. -- many people have a PLAN B. My career as an editor for a mega popular lady site goes belly up ? My back-up plan is to freelance full-time from Costa Rica . Romantic back-up plans have become fodder for many movies , including one which just hit theaters this weekend , aptly titled "  The Back-up Plan , " starring Jennifer Lopez . In the film , which I am assured is terrible , Lopez conceives twins via artificial insemination  her "  back-up plan "  "  only to meet the man of her dreams the very same day . " Oh no ! The Frisky : Is Minnie Driver secretly married ? According to Hollywood , back-up plans rarely go as planned . In "  My Best Friend 's Wedding , " Julia Roberts ' character 's back-up plan is to marry her lifelong male best friend if they 're both single at 30 . And , of course , just before the clock strikes midnight on the day of her 30th birthday , aforementioned guy best friend announces he is engaged and Roberts ' character , of course , realizes she loved him all along . The Frisky : Why women on dating sites do n't respond to men I had a half-hearted back-up plan like this in college . I told myself that if "  things did n't go as planned " in my love life by , uh , 30-something  which seemed dreadfully old at the time  , I would just get together with this guy friend of mine named Miguel . Nothing romantic or sexual had ever happened between us , save this one drunken almost-kiss , and I do n't think I included him in the back-up plan-making decision process . He was just rad and cute and we liked the same things . Last week I reconnected with him -- perhaps my subconscious mind was trying to find out whether this "  back-up plan " needed its own back-up plan -- and as it turns out he 's got some girlfriend he hopes to marry , so good for him . The Frisky : Sneak peek at the new "  Bachelorette " So , back to my new back-up plan , or rather the back-up plan people-who-shall-remain-nameless have concocted for me . I woke up from a nap  one of many , as napping is what we do for fun in the country  to hear a couple of my girlfriends whispering . "  Why have n't they ever dated ? " F. asked . "  I do n't know , I do n't think either of them has ever thought about it , " T. concluded in a hushed tone . Noticing me sitting there staring at them , T. said in a more normal tone of voice , "  We were just talking about how you and D. could be really good together . I think if you 're both single in five years , you should get together ! " OK , then . They gave me a long list of reasons why this would be awesome and were very proud of themselves . I nodded and smiled and rolled my eyes and then went back to sleep . The Frisky : Here 's what it costs to date a celebrity In fairness , it is not an appalling idea . D. is a perfectly awesome dude . We have been friends for a long time . I 'm sure he will make a wonderful boyfriend/husband/baby daddy to someone someday , just as I will make a wonderful girlfriend/wife/baby momma to someone someday . And all joking aside , I know my friends mean well , even if selfishly they love us both and thus would be over the moon if we loved each other like that , because then everyone would be happy and wearing plaid and eating pork together . In truth , there are certain things I really want in life -- a gratifying career  check !  , someone to love romantically who loves me back equally and just as fiercely  foot-tapping  , and , eventually , kids . I 've already explained which qualities I really desire in a man  though a few are hardly necessities  , but what if that man does n't come along ? We do n't always get everything we want in life . Which is why I have a back-up plan of my own . I 'm just not sharing what it is . TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Jennifer Lopez 's new movie is about a Plan B that sort of backfires Columnist 's own Plan B man turned out to have a different plan of his own Writer 's friends plot behind her back to match her with another guy
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- Chess legends Garry Kasparov and Anatoli Karpov faced off again in Spain on Tuesday , 25 years after their epic first world championship battle in Moscow , in what organizers are calling a "  historic revenge match . " Garry Kasparov , right , and Anatoli Karpov play chess at the Arts Palau in Valencia , on Tuesday . Revenge or not , the past chess champs will receive undisclosed sums for playing the three-day , 12-game match in the eastern port city of Valencia . There will be no additional cash prize for the winner of the exhibition event , which the regional Valencia government is organizing under the title "  Valencia , cradle of modern chess , " event spokesman Rafa Carretero told CNN . But bragging rights , yes , and perhaps with more on the line for Kasparov , who dominated the chess world for 20 years . Kasparov carried on that legacy on Tuesday , winning the first two games in this rematch , Spain 's state new agency EFE reported . Karpov was world champion when they began their initial five-month match in 1984 in Moscow . That match was controversially stopped by chess authorities , citing concerns about the health of the contestants after 48 grueling games . But the next year in Moscow , Kasparov beat Karpov in a rematch and went on to hold the number-one world chess ranking almost without interruption until his retirement in 2005 . The two last met , in their fifth match , in 1990 , with games played in New York and Lyon , France . Kasparov won . In a total of five world championship matches , Kasparov has the edge with 21 wins , 19 losses and 104 ties in a total of 144 games . Karpov , now 58 , and Kasparov , 46 , told Spanish newspaper El Pais they hoped the rematch in Valencia would put chess in the spotlight again . Karpov came from Russia to Valencia more than a week ago , with a team of elite trainers , organizers said . Kasparov arrived last Sunday from his home in Croatia , where he had been training . The match , at Valencia 's Palace of Arts , has attracted interest from ticket buyers on five continents , organizers said . One of the highest-profile fans on hand is Sulaiman Al-Fahim , president of the chess federation of the United Arab Emirates and owner of England 's Portsmouth football team . Dutchman Geurt Gijssen , who was referee for the last two matches between Karpov and Kasparov , will referee this match as well , the organizers said . Kasparov is now an opposition politician in Russia , running unsuccessfully against then-President Vladimir Putin in 2007 . During their first match , in 1984 , Kasparov was just 21 and Karpov was 33 .	Garry Kasparov and Anatoli Karpov face off again , in Valencia , Spain Match comes 25 years after their epic first world championship battle in Moscow Kasparov wins first two games in the 12-game rematch Their 48-game Moscow match was controversially stopped citing health concerns
CNN  Could a prisoner handover spare the lives of two ISIS hostages ? A message purporting to be from the Islamist terror group sets a new deadline for a possible deal with the Jordanian government . The latest demand : Bring convicted terrorist Sajida al-Rishawi to the Turkish border by sunset Thursday , or Jordanian ISIS hostage Moaz al-Kassasbeh will be executed "  immediately . " But is ISIS offering anything in return ? From the latest message , it 's unclear . But previous video posts purportedly from ISIS have suggested the group was offering Japanese hostage Kenji Goto 's freedom in exchange for al-Rishawi 's . CNN could not independently confirm the authenticity of the latest message , which was read by a person claiming to be Goto and posted online by ISIS supporters . In the message , Goto purportedly calls for al-Rishawi 's release in "  exchange for my life . " It 's the latest twist in a complicated crisis with dizzying developments involving several countries . Here 's a look at the key people involved : • Goto , an experienced Japanese war journalist , has been at the center of several threats by ISIS since his capture . Last week , the group demanded $ 200 million from Japan in exchange for Goto and fellow Japanese hostage Haruna Yukawa , an aspiring security contractor . Since then , ISIS has claimed Yukawa is dead , but Goto is still alive . • Al-Kassasbeh , a Jordanian pilot , was captured by ISIS last month after the fighter jet he was flying crashed in Syria . ISIS says he 's still alive , but Jordan 's foreign minister told CNN his government has asked for a proof of life , but has n't received it . • Al-Rishawi is an Iraqi prisoner on death row in Jordan for her role in 2005 bombings . ISIS has demanded her release by sunset Thursday  5:30 p.m. in Mosul , Iraq ; 9:30 a.m. ET  . Jordan has said it 's willing to swap al-Rishawi for the Jordanian pilot . Jordanian Foreign Minister Nasser Judeh told CNN on Wednesday that his country would release al-Rishawi if ISIS released al-Kassasbeh . Even though his government 's announcement of its offer does n't mention Goto , the foreign minister said that the Japanese journalist is not forgotten . "  Of course , " Goto 's release would be part of a prisoner exchange , Judeh told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . But the priority for Jordan is al-Kassasbeh 's freedom , he said . It was n't clear whether ISIS would accept Jordan 's offer . With the fates of their sons hanging in the balance , the families of Goto and al-Kassasbeh called on their governments to do everything they can to save the hostages before time runs out . Goto , 47 , is reported to have three children , two of them with his current wife . His mother begged Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to secure her son 's release . "  Please save the life of Kenji , " Junko Ishido said . "  I call on you to work with all your strength in negotiations with the Jordanian government , until the very end . " Al-Kassasbeh 's father has called on Jordanian authorities to act as well . "  I firmly ask whomever has sent Moaz to fight outside the borders of Jordan , on a mission unrelated to us , to make strong efforts to bring back Moaz , " Safi al-Kassasbeh said Tuesday . ISIS says it captured al-Kassasbeh after he ejected from his F-16 jet last month near Raqqa , the militant group 's de facto capital in Syria . "  Moaz 's blood is precious , it 's precious and it represents the blood of all Jordanians , " his father said . But the pilot 's father suggested his son 's case should n't be mixed up with Goto 's . "  To link Moaz 's situation with the Japanese journalist , this has nothing to do with us , " he said . "  The Japanese journalist has his country to defend him . " ISIS , which holds large areas of Iraq and Syria under its brutal rule , has a grim track record of ruthlessly killing hostages . Last year , it publicized its series of beheadings of three American and two British captives . The group has made a series of demands regarding the Jordanian and Japanese hostages . In a Saturday post purportedly from ISIS , a voice thought to be Goto 's first set out the idea of exchanging him for al-Rishawi , but no clear deadline was mentioned . In that post , Goto held a photo of what appeared to be Yukawa 's decapitated corpse . A post from the group on Tuesday announced that time was suddenly in short supply for Goto and the Jordanian pilot . In that message , the Japanese hostage is shown handcuffed and dressed in orange , holding a picture that appears to be al-Kassasbeh . "  I 've been told this is my last message , " a voice purporting to be that of Goto says , demanding the prisoner exchange . The video had said that ISIS would kill al-Kassasbeh and Goto within 24 hours if Jordan did not release al-Rishawi . CNN could n't independently verify the authenticity of the messages . The Japanese government said there was no evidence so far that it was n't Goto speaking in Tuesday 's video , which was posted to YouTube and distributed on social media by known ISIS supporters . On Thursday , Japan 's prime minister told lawmakers his government was analyzing the latest possible message from ISIS . "  Given the nature of the issue , we can not tell concrete details , " Abe said . "  However , within this extremely severe context , the government  of Japan  has been requesting cooperation from the government of Jordan and will continue making the utmost effort for swift release of Mr. Goto . " CNN 's Caroline Faraj , Jason Hanna , Yoko Wakatsuki , Kareem Khadder , Mohammed Tawfeeq , Will Ripley , Junko Ogura and Karen Smith contributed to this report . Journalist Hadeel Ghanboun also contributed to this report .	A message sets sunset on Thursday as a new prisoner handover deadline Japan 's prime minister says his government is analyzing the purported ISIS post Jordan 's government says it 's willing to make a prisoner swap with ISIS
Another American doctor infected with the deadly Ebola virus has arrived home for treatment in the United States . A plane carrying Dr. Rick Sacra landed Friday morning in Omaha , Nebraska , and he was then was taken to Omaha 's Nebraska Medical Center , center spokeswoman Jenny Nowatzke said . His doctors in Nebraska said they are treating him with "  aggressive supportive care , " including fluids and electrolytes , and they are continuing to examine him to make sure nothing else is wrong . The doctors said they are exploring "  experimental options , " calling on experts throughout the world to see what experimental therapeutics might work best and what treatment is "  most promising . " Sacra , the third American with Ebola to return to the United States for treatment , was stationed in Liberia when he was exposed to the virus . His wife , Debbie Sacra , said he was "  clearly sick " but was in "  good spirits " and was able to walk onto the plane in Liberia before the flight to Nebraska . "  We are really encouraged by that news and are looking forward to reuniting with him , " she said . When Sacra 's temperature went up , he sent the president of SIM , the aid organization he works for , an email that read : "  To all of you at SIM , and to my colleagues here in Liberia at ELWA Hospital , I apologize , " read a tearful Bruce Johnson , president of SIM USA . He went on to explain that Sacra is a humble man and would be embarrassed by the global media attention . He said Sacra was concerned that the attention on his case would disrupt broader patient care at ELWA Hospital in Liberia . The email went on to say : "  Regarding evacuation : I know and accept that there is no easy solution for an evacuation , so I do n't expect one . Jesus is right here with me in Liberia ! " As soon as the physician was symptomatic , he was admitted locally to an Ebola case management center near a hospital in Monrovia where he has served for 15 years . "  Rick was receiving excellent care from our SIM/ELWA staff in Liberia at our Ebola 2 Care Center , " Johnson said . "  They all love and admire him deeply . However , the Nebraska Medical Center provides advanced monitoring equipment and wider availability of treatment options . " What to know about the killer disease Sacra , who is from Holden , Massachusetts , was not treating Ebola patients directly . Instead , he was delivering babies at a general hospital in Monrovia , Johnson said . "  I am surrounded by friends and family and the body of Christ , who are a great encouragement and who are praying fervently for Rick 's recovery along with me , " Debbie Sacra said in a statement . "  We are trusting in God to be with Rick and us through this difficult circumstance . " She will be traveling to Nebraska this weekend , Johnson said . "  Rick would want me to urge you to remember that there are many people in Liberia who are suffering in this epidemic and others who are not receiving standard health care because clinics and hospitals have been forced to close . West Africa is on the verge of a humanitarian crisis , and the world needs to respond compassionately and generously . " Rick Sacra had been to Liberia with SIM before , and volunteered to go again after he heard fellow missionaries Nancy Writebol and Dr. Kent Brantly had contracted the virus , Johnson said . Brantly and Writebol were flown to Atlanta last month for treatment at Emory University Hospital and have since been released . Human trial of experimental Ebola vaccine begins Sacra started to show symptoms of hemorrhagic fever on August 29 . Health care workers did an Ebola test on him Monday , which came back positive for the deadly virus . Sacra was following all protocols and taking necessary precautions against Ebola , Johnson said . It is unclear how he became infected , but SIM is working with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to determine the point of contact . Doctors in Nebraska said they know they are in for a "  long haul " with Sacra 's treatment . They are hopeful but believe he could be under treatment for at least two to three weeks . If he does recover fully , SIM leaders said that Sacra has said he intends to go back to Liberia to continue to help build and strengthen the country 's medical infrastructure .	Dr. Rick Sacra has been flown to Nebraska for treatment Sacra was stationed in Liberia when he caught the Ebola virus An aid organization says he will have better access to care in the U.S. Sacra is the third American with the virus to return to U.S. for treatment
Dongshigu Village , China  CNN  -- As our car moved closer to this tiny village in eastern China , our driver became visibly nervous , looking around for any signs of trouble . He found it . "  They spotted us , " he said , hitting the gas . In the rear-view mirror , an unmarked black sedan appeared out of nowhere , trailing us as we drove past the main entrance to Dongshigu Village . That 's the hometown of Chen Guangcheng , a prominent human rights activist whose escape here last week from house arrest has set off diplomatic reverberations worldwide . Who is Chen ? Orange traffic cones blocked the narrow path off the main road ; a half-dozen burly men stood guard with numerous vehicles parked behind them . Despite the green trees and fields , the tight security around Dongshigu looked no different from what it looked like during the past two winters , when we previously had tried to enter the village . In February and December of last year , we had come here to visit Chen after he recounted in a video posted online the abuse he and his family suffered during their confinement at the hands of local officials . Each time we were turned back at checkpoints , where plainclothes guards hurled rocks or or threw punches at us . Chen , 40 , a blind and self-taught legal advocate for alleged forced-abortion victims , escaped last week after being imprisoned at home for more than 18 months . He is now believed to be in the U.S. Embassy in Beijing , creating a burgeoning diplomatic dilemma between China and the United States that coincides with a visit by U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . She arrived Wednesday morning in Beijing . Chen affair could overshadow U.S.-China talks Chen 's wife , mother and daughter , who were incarcerated with him but did not escape , have vanished from public view . In a video released online Friday , Chen expressed his deepening worry for the safety of his family . "  They have been persecuting my family for a long time and my escape would only prompt them into a mode of revenge , " he said . We had come here again on Tuesday to find Chen 's family -- but could n't get close . With the black sedan tailing us , our driver refused to slow down . He overtook trucks on the wrong side of the main road and raced through open-air markets on bumpy dirt paths . We had hired him in a nearby town -- and it had taken a lot of cajoling to persuade him to take the job . "  It 's too risky , " he protested en route to Dongshigu . "  I 've heard of Chen Guangcheng -- he campaigned against the family-planning policy and was under house arrest . " "  I do n't know too much , " he added quickly . "  You should ask people from his town -- they know all about him . " After an hour 's high-speed car chase , during which our driver failed to shake our tail , he decided he 'd had enough . He dropped us off near a gas station , then he sped off as three policemen approached his car . While waiting for a new car , we chatted with a trucker who had told us he was from Chen 's town , but offered little news . "  Chen Guangcheng ? " he asked , appearing uncomfortable hearing the name . "  I spend a lot of time away and do n't know much about what 's going on here . " As we started driving in a new car , our tail resumed its close surveillance . This time , instead of trying to lose them , we decided to try to discover their intention . We stopped at a roadside farmer 's stall , where I bought a watermelon . Then , CNN 's Stan Grant and I -- each of us carrying a slice of watermelon as a sort of peace offering -- approached the Volkswagen Passat carrying our pursuers as cameraman Brad Olson shot video of the scene that was unfolding . The two men seated in the front of the car covered their faces with their hands and ignored my knocking on the driver 's window . I then knocked on the backseat passenger window . A man sporting a white shirt and sunglasses rolled down the tinted window slightly . He refused to identify himself , but denied following us . "  We were just driving around for fun , " he said . "  Is this about Chen Guangcheng ? " Stan asked in English and I translated . "  I do n't know who Chen Guangcheng is , " he replied . "  Do you want a slice of watermelon ? " I offered . "  No . " He looked awkward , rolling up the window . As we walked away , someone yelled "  Stop ! " from behind . Turning around , we saw that all three men had gotten out of the car and were rushing toward us . Scuffling ensued as they tried to grab Brad 's camera from his hands . Amid the chaos , we broke free with our camera and jumped into our car . One of the men picked up the watermelon I had bought and launched it at our car . With pink juice splashed across the rear window and the black car behind us again , we sped off toward the expressway back to Beijing -- wondering about Chen 's escape and his family 's fate .	A CNN team attempts to visit Chen Guangcheng 's hometown of Dongshigu The mention of Chen 's name seems to provoke awkward and evasive reactions Their driver fails to elude men following them in a car , finally gives up and abandons them The team 's attempt to question their followers ends in a scuffle -- and a retreat back to Beijing
CNN  -- A Saudi judge has refused for a second time to annul a marriage between an 8-year-old girl and a 47-year-old man , a relative of the girl told CNN . The most recent ruling , in which the judge upheld his original verdict , was handed down Saturday in the Saudi city of Onaiza , where late last year the same judge rejected a petition from the girl 's mother , who was seeking a divorce for her daughter . The relative said the judge , Sheikh Habib Al-Habib , "  stuck by his earlier verdict and insisted that the girl could petition the court for a divorce once she reached puberty . " The family member , who requested anonymity , added that the mother will continue to pursue a divorce for her daughter . The case , which has drawn criticism from local and international rights groups , came to light in December when al-Habib declined to annul the marriage on a legal technicality . The judge ruled the girl 's mother -- who is separated from the girl 's father -- was not the girl 's legal guardian and therefore could not represent her in court , according to Abdullah al-Jutaili , the mother 's lawyer . The girl 's father , according to the attorney , arranged the marriage in order to settle his debts with the man , who is "  a close friend " of his . At the time of the initial verdict , the judge required the girl 's husband to sign a pledge that he would not have sex with her until she reaches puberty , al-Jutaili told CNN . The judge ruled that when the girl reaches puberty , she will have the right to request a divorce by filing a petition with the court , the lawyer said . Last month , an appeals court in the Saudi capital of Riyadh declined to certify the original ruling , in essence rejecting al-Habib 's verdict , and sent the case back to al-Habib for reconsideration . Under the complicated Saudi legal process , the appeals court ruling meant that the marriage was still in effect , but that a challenge to the marriage was still ongoing . The appeals court in Riyadh will now take up the case again and a hearing is scheduled for next month , according to the relative . The issue of child marriage has been a hot-button topic in the deeply conservative kingdom recently . While rights groups have been petitioning the government to enact laws that would protect children from this type of marriage , the kingdom 's top cleric has said that it 's OK for girls as young as 10 to wed. . "  It is incorrect to say that it 's not permitted to marry off girls who are 15 and younger , " Sheikh Abdul Aziz Al-Sheikh , the kingdom 's grand mufti , said in remarks last January quoted in the regional Al-Hayat newspaper . "  A girl aged 10 or 12 can be married . Those who think she 's too young are wrong and they are being unfair to her . " Al-Sheikh reportedly made the remarks when he was asked during a lecture about parents forcing their underage daughters to marry . "  We hear a lot in the media about the marriage of underage girls , " he said , according to the newspaper . "  We should know that Sharia law has not brought injustice to women . " Sharia law is Islamic law . Saudi Arabia follows a strict interpretation of Islam called Wahhabism . CNN was unable to reach government officials for comment . Christoph Wilcke , a Saudi Arabia researcher for Human Rights Watch , told CNN in December that his organization has heard of many other cases of child marriages . "  We 've been hearing about these types of cases once every four or five months because the Saudi public is now able to express this kind of anger -- especially so when girls are traded off to older men , " Wilcke said . Wilcke explained that while Saudi ministries may make decisions designed to protect children , "  It is still the religious establishment that holds sway in the courts , and in many realms beyond the court . " Last December , Zuhair al-Harithi , a spokesman for the Saudi government-run Human Rights Commission , said his organization is fighting against child marriages . "  The Human Rights Commission opposes child marriages in Saudi Arabia , " al-Harithi said . "  Child marriages violate international agreements that have been signed by Saudi Arabia and should not be allowed . " He added that his organization has been able to intervene and stop at least one child marriage from taking place . Wajeha al-Huwaider , co-founder of the Society of Defending Women 's Rights in Saudi Arabia , told CNN that achieving human rights in the kingdom means standing against those who want to "  keep us backward and in the dark ages . " She said the marriages cause girls to "  lose their sense of security and safety . Also , it destroys their feeling of being loved and nurtured . It causes them a lifetime of psychological problems and severe depression . "	NEW : Judge said girl could petition "  once she reaches puberty , " relative tells CNN Girl 's father arranged her marriage to a 47-year-old to settle debts , lawyer says Appeals court declined to certify original ruling , sent case back to judge Girl 's mother says she will continue to seek daughter 's divorce
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- Eight people were killed and 101 were wounded in two explosions during a celebration of Mexico 's independence day Monday night , a Mexican official said Tuesday . Wounded people get help after blasts Monday night during an independence day event in Morelia , Mexico . Two people remained in grave condition , said Roman Armando Luna Escalante , secretary of health in Michoacan state . Eleven of the wounded were children , Luna Escalante said . None of them are gravely injured . The explosions occurred around 11 p.m. near the governor 's residence in Morelia , the capital of Michoacan . The second blast happened shortly afterward a few blocks away . Officials would not say if they have any suspects or if any group has claimed responsibility . Some experts pointed to drug cartels or insurgents . "  It could be a warning to the federal government , which has put a lot of money and manpower to deal with drugs , which are very powerful there , " said Peter Hakim , president of the Inter-American Dialogue , a Washington-based think tank on Western Hemisphere affairs . "  It could be leftist guerrilla groups that occasionally throw a bomb . "  The problem is that this is part of a real wave of violence that is consuming Mexico . " Last week the bodies of 24 people , bound and shot execution-style , were found in Atlapulco , a town just south of Mexico City . Those killings Friday came roughly two weeks after tens of thousands of Mexicans marched on the nation 's capital , calling for greater government action against the wave of violent crime . Non-governmental groups estimate there have been more than 1,500 killings in Mexico this year linked to organized crime . In late August , Mexican President Felipe Calderon met with the country 's 32 governors to develop a plan to battle the rise in violent crime . Calderon , who was born in Morelia , condemned the attacks and said federal officials will redouble efforts to help state authorities investigate . More than 1,500 soldiers and federal police were maintaining order Tuesday , which marks the 198th anniversary of what Mexicans regard as their independence day . Festivities typically start the night before because on September 16 , 1810 , shortly before dawn , a priest in a village in the state of Guanajuato rang a church bell and called on Mexicans to fight for independence from Spain . The celebration in Morelia on Monday night was one of hundreds nationwide to celebrate that call for independence , which Mexico formally achieved in 1821 .	NEW : Death toll rises to eight in two blasts , official says ; more than 100 wounded NEW : Mexican president says federal officials will help investigate Explosions occurred during independence day celebration in Morelia
New York  CNN  -- A Pennsylvania woman , jailed after a photo surfaced of her 2-year-old daughter duct taped to a chair , has been granted bail , according to Delaware County court officials . Common Pleas Court Judge Frank Hazel released Caira Ferguson , 21 , on the condition that she sees her child only under the supervision of child welfare officials . She posted 10 % of $ 25,000 bail on Tuesday and is required to wear an electronic monitoring bracelet , according to a Common Pleas Court spokeswoman . Ferguson must also complete a parenting class . "  She has no prior record , no mental health issues , no anger management issues , " said Ferguson 's lawyer , Vicki Herr . "  There is really no basis for her being confined without bail . " Ferguson was arrested and charged with endangering the welfare of a child , unlawful restraint and false imprisonment on February 16 after showing police a photo of her child bound to a plastic chair with duct tape . She revealed the photo as part of her claim that someone had stolen her identity , according to Chester Township police . The photo was posted on news and gossip blog mediatakeout.com and shows Ferguson standing next to her daughter , whose mouth is also duct-taped shut . It was taken in July , police said . Ferguson will live at her mother 's Chester Township home , which is across the street from the house where her daughter is living with her godmother , Herr said . Ferguson is due back in court on Monday for a preliminary hearing , court officials said .	Police : Caira Ferguson showed them a photo of her girl bound to chair with duct tape Ferguson was arrested and charged with endangering the welfare of a child She posts 10 % of $ 25,000 bail ; she 's required to wear electronic monitoring bracelet Ferguson will live across the street from home where her daughter now resides
Washington  CNN  -- A former employee of the National Archives was sentenced Thursday to 18 months in prison for stealing rare recordings from the government to sell on the Internet . Leslie Waffen , 67 , of Rockville , Maryland , pleaded guilty in October to an eight-year scheme to embezzle historic recordings donated to the government in order to peddle them on eBay . Among the items Waffen took was an original master copy of an interview with baseball great Babe Ruth conducted while he was quail hunting in New Jersey on December 10 , 1937 . Waffen sold it on eBay in September 2010 for a paltry $ 34.74 . Law enforcement agents later recovered the audio recording , which was still in a paper sleeve marked with the number 2172 , its National Archives and Records Administration number . Waffen stole numerous other items , including Herbert Morrison 's eyewitness report of the 1937 Hindenburg disaster , a September 1924 transcontinental defense test phone call and the first network television broadcast of the World Series in 1948 . Investigators seized sound recordings during a search of Waffen 's home in 2010 . The government said 4,806 of those items were taken from the National Archives . "  These items were entrusted to the National Archives to be used by all citizens , not to be auctioned for personal profit to the highest bidder , " said Rod Rosenstein , the U.S. Attorney in Maryland . The federal judge in Waffen 's case said losses from the scheme are calculated at $ 83,238 . Another hearing will be held on the matter of restitution . Waffen worked at the National Archives from 1969 until June 2010 . The government said that in the 1970s Waffen handled donations of more than 3,000 sound recordings made by a former radio engineer for CBS , NBC and the Mutual Radio networks . That former radio engineer , J. David Goldin , told the Washington Post he saw the listing for the Babe Ruth hunting recording when he was searching the Internet in September 2010 . Goldin said he almost bought the item , but realized it was a recording he had donated to the archives years before . "  It was Ruth , and he certainly should have gotten a lot more than 34 bucks for it -- even if Ruth is blowing his nose , people will buy it , " Goldin told the newspaper . Goldin , a radio historian and collector , assisted law enforcement in its investigation of the stolen recordings .	Former employee receives 18-month sentence Leslie Waffen sold a 1937 voice recording of Babe Ruth for $ 34.74 on eBay Waffen worked at National Archives and Records Administration for more than 40 years
Established in 2007 following the Red Mosque siege , the Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan  TTP  , or Pakistani Taliban , is now a prominent actor in that country 's politics . It is a diverse umbrella group uniting some 30 militant groups across the Kyber-Pasktunskwa and other tribal areas bordering Afghanistan . It is estimated that there are some 30,000 TTP operatives . Each of these groups aims to establish local spheres of Sharia law , impose a particular restrictive vision of Islamic living , and resist federal governance in the region . They also collectively condemn Pakistani support for the United States in the "  war against terror . " It is worth remembering that the TTP movement initially enjoyed some local support in the region before their violent methods began to alienate the population . In Swat , the TTP targeted landowners and gave local peasants greater access to vacated land and gemstones mines , which , through profit-sharing agreements , also afforded the movement a new revenue stream . The TTP message of religiously derived , quickly administered justice independent of the slow and arguably corrupt court system seemed to resonate with locals . However TTP violence over the years should not be underestimated . A report by the Pakistan Peace Institute reveals that last year in the Khyber-Pashtunwakha alone 476 attacks were carried out by the TTP and associated groups , leaving 572 civilians dead  along with 115 security personnel  and injured another 1,529  including 216 security personnel  . The majority of those affected are the civilian poor . Some have criticised Pakistan for not addressing the TTP and other militant groups sooner , or not taking the threat they pose seriously enough . Jihadi ` tourist resort ' The delay by the military and police in tackling these groups was because they were not considered a substantive threat to the Pakistani state as a whole -- little is considered as great a threat to the existence of Pakistan as India and militants have been used as "  proxy warriors " in that fight . Pakistani novelist Mohammad Hanif said the practice has turned the country into "  an international jihadi tourist resort . " Rather they were seen as misguided individuals dedicated to helping the good cause in Afghanistan or dismissed as a local rebellion . Nevertheless since 2009 , there have been annual military offensives against the TTP and affiliates , leading to thousands of internally displaced people , collateral damage and a few militant deaths . This year , the Pakistani state relied more on airstrikes than in previous years , leading to claims of higher than ever civilian casualty rates , but also greater the usual number of TTP combatant deaths . Following these operations , the TTP have been widely predicted to fall : military jets had successfully bombed TTP hideouts , doctrinal splits over "  non-Islamic practices " seemed to paralyze them , in September parts of the TTP had announced a ceasefire and renounced violence , and a high turnover of leadership positions  the current spokesperson only being in place for a few weeks  leading to uncertainty among TTP foot soldiers and rumors of desertion . Another revenge attack Tuesday 's school attack can be seen as another act of revenge , as the TTP spokesman said : "  We selected the army 's school for the attack because the government is targeting our families and females ... We want them to feel the pain . " Thus TTP violence can not be divorced from the violence carried out by the state and state agencies in Pakistan against civilians in countless military operations , through police brutality , curfews , drone strikes and extrajudicial "  disappearances . " We should not be surprised by the spike in violence now . As is typical of splintering militant groups and of those facing increased external pressure , the frequency , scale , and scope , of TTP violence has increased as the new leadership seeks to assert its authority and demonstrate strength to external audiences . The dramatic attack on the military school this December follows on the attack in the summer on Karachi airport , the bombing of a flag ceremony on the border with India , and in 2013 they carried out a daring jailbreak in Dera Ismali Khan , resulting in 35 "  high value " militants escaping  along with 240 other prisoners  . The group also , infamously , targeted the Nobel prize winner Malala Yousafzai , who had campaigned for girls education in Pakistan . Schools , especially girls ' schools , are a frequent target of the TTP . The targeting of a school this week -- especially one where most of the students are children of military personnel -- is not just about gaining shock and awe but a continuation of its campaign to violently target those who challenge its moral order . More than a thousand schools have been destroyed by Islamist militants from one faction or another in the province of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa in the past five years . Schools symbolize government authority and are seen as un-Islamic . Pure Islamic order The TTP -- convinced of the possibility of a pure perfect Islamic order -- seeks to exclude from public politics and from the public spaces those that are "  unperfectable : " women , homosexuals and the unrighteous who support infidels . The TTP target public spaces that distract from their vision of the perfect life : shrines , barber shops , Eid prayer congregations , market squares , music shops , political rallies , and schools . This attack near Peshawar is a reminder that the military , and wider Pakistan , are not exempt from this desired order . Therefore revenge and demonstrations of strength are only a partial explanation of this attack . It also reflects their broader aim to confine politics to a restricted group of people  "  righteous males "  , a limited range of activities  excluding fine arts and public expressions of merriment  , and a severely constrained public space . Pakistan is a resilient country , surviving one crisis after another . It is culturally rich , with a vibrant tradition of public politics and plurality . From the kite flying festival to Eid prayer congregations , from dancing girls to worship at Sufi shrines , Pakistani 's expressions of joy and togetherness are excellent enactments of Pakistan . The best antidote to the TTP would be to embrace this side of Pakistan . If people hide behind closed doors , remain uneducated , the TTP 's ideal of a restricted politics and an empty public sphere will become reality .	Taliban condemn Pakistani support for the United States TTP movement initially enjoyed some local support in restive region bordering Afghanistan Taliban violence has increased as the new leadership seeks to assert its authority Pakistan must defend its vibrant tradition of public politics and plurality , says analyst
ALTADENA , California  CNN  -- When she was laid off in February , Patricia Guerrero was making $ 70,000 a year . Weeks later , with bills piling up and in need of food for her family , this middle-class mother did something she never thought she would do : She went to a food bank . Patricia Guerrero was laid off in February . Desperate to make ends meet , she recently went to a food bank . It was Good Friday , and a woman helping her offered to pay her utility bill . "  It brought tears to my eyes , and I sat there and I cried . I was like , ` This is really where I 'm at ? ' " she told CNN . "  I go ` no way ; ' -LSB- but -RSB- this is true . This is reality . This is the stuff you see on TV . It was hard . It was very hard . " Guerrero is estranged from her husband and raising her two young children . She 's already burned through her savings to help make ends meet , and is drawing unemployment checks . She has had to take extreme measures to pay for her interest-only mortgage of $ 2,500 a month . In fact , her mother moved in with her to help pay the bills . Guerrero even applied for food stamps , but was denied . Watch Guerrero describe going to food bank " "  I never used the system . I 've been working since I was 15-and-a-half . I needed it now and it turned me down , " she said . Stories like Guerrero 's are becoming more common as middle-class Americans feel the pinch of an economic downturn , rising gas prices and a housing crunch , especially in a state like California that has been rocked by foreclosures . On Wednesday , a key government report on the battered housing market found new home sales fell to their lowest level in 13 years in February , suggesting the nation 's housing market is still struggling . Americans also have been attending in large numbers foreclosure fairs where mortgage lenders , financial planners and counselors offer tips to hard-hit homeowners . "  Our economy is struggling , and families in the ` Inland Empire ' and across the nation are hurting , " California Rep. Joe Baca said , referring to an area of Southern California in his district . "  Our housing market is in a state of crisis due to rampant abuses of sub-prime lending , and unemployment is rising . At the same time , the cost of necessities such as gas , healthcare , and education continue to rise . " Map : Foreclosures state-by-state " Daryl Brock , the executive director of Second Harvest Food Bank in California 's San Bernardino and Riverside counties , said his organization supplies food to more than 400 charities in metro Los Angeles , from homeless shelters to soup kitchens to an array of food banks . While the majority of people they help are working poor families , he said they have seen some major changes . In the last 12 to 18 months , Brock said , the agencies he supplies have begun seeing more middle-class families coming to their doors . "  Our agencies have said there is an increasing number of people coming to them for help , " Brock told CNN by phone . "  Their impression was that these were not people they normally would have seen before . They seemed to be better dressed . They seemed to have better cars and yet they seemed to be in crisis mode . " He added , "  The only thing they can do is give us anecdotal evidence that they think it 's because of the sub-prime mortgage meltdown and the housing crisis . " See recent trends of foreclosure filings " A former loan processor , Guerrero knows all about that , although so far she has been able keep her house . She used her tax refund to help pay many of her bills for the first two months , but now that money 's gone . She says she 's now in a middle-class "  no-man 's - land . " "  It just happened so fast . It happened in a matter of -- what -- two months , " she said . She 's eager to get back to work and to hold onto her home until the market turns . But for this single mom , every day it becomes harder to hang on . "  It 's just depressing , " she said . "  For me , I just do n't want to get out of bed , but I have to . That 's my hardest thing . I have to . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Gregg Canes contributed to this report .	Patricia Guerrero went from making $ 70,000 to drawing unemployment checks Desperate to feed her kids , she recently went to a food bank for the first time Expert says charities are reporting a rise in middle-class families at food banks Guererro : "  It just happened so fast . It happened in a matter of -- what -- two months "
Boston  CNN  -- On this brisk April morning in Boston 's South End , worshipers filled New England 's largest Roman Catholic church . It was a time to pray -- and reflect on the torrent of violence this city has seen . Last Sunday , a special blessing was said here for the runners in the Boston Marathon . Now , there were people sitting on the wooden pews who might have witnessed the tragedy . They were all scarred inside . Almost a week has passed since bombs made from pressure cookers blew up near the finish line of the race . Three people died , and more than 170 were wounded . Many remain in hospitals . Cardinal Sean O'Malley knew his role was to help heal . He greeted people ahead of Sunday Mass at the Cathedral of the Holy Cross . It was in this sprawling 19th-century stone building that President Barack Obama quoted scripture Thursday to bring comfort and resolve for those still reeling from the Boston Marathon bombings . It was time again to seek solace . Maria Fernandez attended the service with her friends . "  This is the best place to be right now if you 're from here and want to support Boston , " she said . Inside the church , all eyes fell on four large photos of the victims , candles flickering in front of them . Life edges back to normal in Boston , with lives forever changed Some prayed . Others whispered . O'Malley , Boston 's archbishop , hoped the service reinforced Boston 's communal ties after the tragedy . "  We are all scattered in the pain and horror of this week 's violence , " he said . "  Some of those here were among those injured . But everyone has been affected . " He voiced what so many have been thinking : Why would anyone do this ? What were the bombers thinking ? It has been "  very difficult to understand what was going on in their heads , " he said . He said he was struck by the outpouring "  of goodness and generosity " of first responders and others . "  Our challenge is to keep this alive . " O'Malley cautioned against revenge and retaliation . He asked those incensed by Monday 's attack not to focus their anger randomly against any ethnic or religious group . "  We must build civilization on love , or there will be no civilization at all , " he said . He even quoted John Lennon . "  Everything will be OK in the end . If it 's not OK , it 's not the end . " "  Our faith goes beyond that optimism , " O'Malley said . "  Love is stronger than death . " Outside the cathedral , stores and coffee shops were abuzz with chatter Sunday morning . The tone turned somber as people filed into the church . A week of bruising news "  It 's a good thing to be here right now , " said Dennis O'Rourke , hurrying up the cathedral steps . There were other services Sunday in Boston . Christian , Jewish and Muslim leaders gathered for an interfaith service on Boylston Street , near the marathon finish line . A week ago , it was a place of carnage . On Sunday , it became a sanctuary -- an open-air church , synagogue , mosque and temple , rolled all into one . Volunteers wore white T-shirts that said : "  Do you want a hug ? " They embraced strangers on the street . The area remains a barricaded crime scene . Old South Church of Boston was closed Sunday for the first time since the city 's colonial days . Parishioners were invited to attend morning service at the Church of Covenant . "  We are shaken , but we are not forsaken , " the church said in a statement . Central Reform Temple announced cancellation of Sabbath Eve service on its website , citing emergency conditions in Boston . "  We are determined to gather together for worship and mutual support as soon as possible , " the temple said . Instead , the Friday service was scheduled for Sunday morning at nearby Emmanuel Church . Temple Israel opened its doors to the congregation of Trinity Church for a 10:30 service Sunday . Trinity is in Copley Square , near the marathon finish line , and it remains closed . Trinity 's congregation filled the sanctuary at Temple Israel , which can seat about 900 people , said Rabbi Ronne Friedman . The clergy and staff were surprised in the best possible way that so many people showed up . The synagogue , he said , was honored to host Trinity in an hour of need . "  It was beautiful , moving , " he said . "  And it was a reminder of the deep bonds that exist between us . It reminded us all that our proximity is not just geographical . "  After the trauma of the past week , we are in proximate relationship with one another spiritually and psychologically . I think we all very much felt it was one Boston . " Imam Talal Eid of the Islamic Institute of Boston said Muslims were participating in interfaith prayers . "  I know that in all mosques , there have been prayers said for the victims , " he said . The holiest day of the week for Muslims is Friday , but several Boston mosques were closed then because of the lockdown during the massive manhunt for one of the bombing suspects . The same was true for synagogues , which hold services Friday evening and on Saturday . With Monday will come a new week . Officials have called for a moment of silence at 2:50 p.m. Then , the bells will toll in Boston and the entire state of Massachusetts . And everyone will stop to remember . CNN "  s David Ariosto reported from Boston and Moni Basu from Atlanta .	Bostonians filled churches Sunday to pray and heal Cardinal Sean O'Malley says everyone has been affected A week ago , there was carnage on Boylston Street ; on Sunday , people of all faiths united there Bells will toll in Massachusetts on Monday afternoon to remember the bombing victims
CNN  -- Nothing says you 've made it in life or business quite like the glamor of a yacht or private jet . These extravagant toys of the rich and famous are perhaps the ultimate in status symbols , good for business and a comforting boost to the ego of their wealthy proprietors . The only problem is attaining one of these stylish items has traditionally required a shed-load of cash preceded by a healthy dose of success -- but that is n't necessarily the case anymore . An increasing number of people are pooling their resources to buy up and then share grandiose luxury products like yachts and private jets through fractional ownership initiatives . "  It 's great to bring clients and business contacts on the boat because the boat is a place more small ... more intimate , " yacht owner Dino Ballestra told CNN . Ballestra previously owned his vessel outright but recently sold off a 75 % stake to other investors , keeping the remaining 25 % for himself . "  Because the costs of running a boat are very high I 'm looking to share the pleasure of the boat with a group , " he explained . See also : Are piloteless jets within reach Fractional ownership models like those employed by Ballestra work upon the basic principle that things you do n't use all the time are worth splitting costs over . The concept was first introduced to the field of luxury travel in the 1980 's by forward-thinking firms such as Netjets , who brought together buyers to purchase private jets using a time-share-like model . Today , internet savvy companies such as Flyvictor have constructed their own market-based version of the fractional ownership model . "  We 're helping the industry to become more efficient by allowing owners to charter their aircraft through the victor platform and allowing people who want to charter a jet -- not own a jet -- and take all the benefits of flying private to and from destinations , " explained Flyvictor founder , Clive Jackson . Flyvictor 's website acts as a forum where owners or co-owners can advertise their jets for charter or hire . Those looking to fly solo or band together with fellow travelers meanwhile can browse to see what 's on offer . Customers are never guaranteed to get exactly what they are after but if they 're lucky they may be able to pick up a bargain . "  Everyone likes to do deals , particularly the ultra high-net-worths , so if they can find an empty aircraft flying back for $ 50,000 dollars then why not , and if they ca n't they 'll book a full fare aircraft , " said Jackson . See also : Luxury jet makers take the long view These same principles of savings and efficiency are at the core of yachting company , Monocle , which aims to bring fractional ownership to the high seas . According to Monocle president , Loren Simkowitz , sharing guarantees the benefits of ownership without the hassle and expense of full management . "  It 's the high cost ... that drives people out of yachting , " he said . "  Most people use  a yacht they purchase  three to four weeks a year . The rest of the time it sits around as an idle asset depreciating . You spend more time managing the boat than your business , " he added . With an increasing number of high-net-worth individuals looking to save money where they can , Simkowitz believes those opting for fractional ownership plans will only increase in the coming years . "  I think it 's the wave of the future , " he continued . "  People are much more fiscally prudent with their money . People do n't want to be tied down to an asset they use infrequently . They 're smarter than they were in 2000 , " he added .	Fractional ownership initiatives are making some expensive luxury items more affordable The concept sees people pool their resources to share the likes of yachts and private jets Flyvictor and Monocle are two companies helping consumers to employ the concept
CNN  Fifty years ago in Frankfurt , German prosecutors tried 22 former Nazi SS soldiers at Auschwitz in what remains the most famous Holocaust trial staged in Germany . At the time , Fritz Bauer , the German-Jewish attorney general of Hessen , expressed the simple hope that "  sooner or later , one of the accused would step forward and say : ` What took place -- it was horrific , I 'm sorry . ' Then the entire world would exhale , as would all the survivors of those killed at Auschwitz , and the air would be cleared . " Sadly , Bauer observed , "  it has not been uttered , nor will it be . " The refusal of perpetrators to own up to their guilt remains one of the most disappointing aspects of Holocaust trials . John Demjanjuk , whose conviction by a Munich court in 2011 established the precedent that has now made possible the trial of Oskar Gröning , remained defiantly silent during his 18-month trial , never so much as breathing a word of acknowledgment or remorse . Over the years , some defendants have acknowledged knowing of the exterminations , but have insisted that they played no role . Those who acknowledged participating in the killing insisted that they did so out of fear of life or limb . Over the years , an extraordinary research effort was dedicated to exploring the claim that SS men had engaged in extermination out of duress . The results were astonishing : Investigators and historians failed to uncover so much as a single instance in which a German officer or NCO had been executed or even severely punished for opting out of genocide . Not one . These evasions and lies were often effective , as many German trials of Holocaust perpetrators ended either in light sentences or outright acquittal . And even when a trial ended in a conviction , what was missing was any sense of moral reckoning , an acknowledgment on the part of the accused of the perversity of genocide . Fritz Bauer can now exhale . On April 21 , on the opening day of his trial in Lüneburg , where he stands accused of complicity in the murder of 300,000 Jews during his service at Auschwitz , the 93-year-old Gröning faced the court and acknowledged , "  It is beyond question that I am morally complicit . This moral guilt I acknowledge here , before the victims , with regret and humility . " If nothing else comes from the trial , that statement alone justifies the undertaking . Of course , in acknowledging his moral complicity , Gröning fell short of confessing legal guilt . Indeed , for years he has insisted in his innocence as a matter of law , arguing , in an interview with Der Spiegel in 2005 , that he had been no more than a "  cog in the gears . " At Auschwitz , Gröning was responsible for inspecting the luggage of deportees to the camp -- most of whom were gassed within hours of their arrival -- for banknotes that would be carefully counted and sent to Berlin . In performing this task , Gröning insists that he never engaged in cruel , murderous or sadistic acts -- a claim that we can probably accept as true . But does this relieve him of criminal liability ? For decades German courts held that mere service as a concentration camp -- in the absence of evidence of a personal act of killing -- constituted no crime under German law . In 2011 , the Demjanjuk conviction changed that . In convicting Demjanjuk as an accessory to the murder of 28,000 Jews at the Sobibor death camp , the Munich court concluded that death camp guards , regardless of how they had conducted themselves , had to be accessories to murder , because that was their job . It was a crucial breakthrough , because it recognized that mass killing is not a personal act of evil but an exterminatory process . When it comes to factory-like genocide , guilt is not to be measured by acts of cruelty or nastiness ; guilt follows function . Convicting under that theory was the great accomplishment of the Munich court . By this standard , Gröning 's truthful claim that he was no more than "  a cog " constitutes an admission of guilt . This does not mean that Gröning deserves the same measure of punishment as an SS sadist . In fact , it 's not clear that he deserves any punishment besides the symbolic gesture of conviction . But without the court 's conviction , Gröning 's important acceptance of moral guilt will remain incomplete . The significance of Gröning 's trial can be measured in one final way . Many have observed that it coincides with the 70th anniversary of the end of World War II . But it also coincides with an anniversary of a different sort . April 24 marks the day that millions mourn the killing of hundreds of thousands of Armenians by the Ottomans during World War I , an event many have described as genocide . And yet the Turkish nation itself remains in denial of the mass killings that unfolded a hundred years ago . With that in mind , Gröning 's trial reminds us of other mass atrocities that still await their moment of moral and legal reckoning .	Oskar Gröning is on trial over his alleged role in deaths at Auschwitz Lawrence Douglas : Other mass atrocities still await moment of moral reckoning
MURRAYVILLE , Georgia  CNN  -- A few weeks before 13-year-old Jonathan King killed himself , he told his parents that his teachers had put him in "  time-out . " The room where Jonathan King hanged himself is shown after his death . It is no longer used , a school official said . "  We thought that meant go sit in the corner and be quiet for a few minutes , " Tina King said , tears washing her face as she remembered the child she called "  our baby ... a good kid . " But time-out in the boy 's north Georgia special education school was spent in something akin to a prison cell -- a concrete room latched from the outside , its tiny window obscured by a piece of paper . Called a seclusion room , it 's where in November 2004 , Jonathan hanged himself with a cord a teacher gave him to hold up his pants . Watch Jonathan 's parents on their son 's death " An attorney representing the school has denied any wrongdoing . Seclusion rooms , sometimes called time-out rooms , are used across the nation , generally for special needs children . Critics say that along with the death of Jonathan , many mentally disabled and autistic children have been injured or traumatized . Few states have laws on using seclusion rooms , though 24 states have written guidelines , according to a 2007 study conducted by a Clemson University researcher . Texas , which was included in that study , has stopped using seclusion and restraint . Georgia has just begun to draft guidelines , four years after Jonathan 's death . Based on conversations with officials in 22 states with written guidelines , seclusion is intended as a last resort when other attempts to calm a child have failed or when a student is hurting himself or others . Michigan requires that a child held in seclusion have constant supervision from an instructor trained specifically in special education , and that confinement not exceed 15 minutes . Connecticut education spokesman Tom Murphy said "  time-out rooms " were used sparingly and were "  usually small rooms with padding on the walls . " Only Vermont tracks how many children are kept in seclusion from year to year , though two other states , Minnesota and New Mexico , say they have been using the rooms less frequently in recent years . Dr. Veronica Garcia , New Mexico 's education secretary , said her state had found more sophisticated and better ways to solve behavior problems . Garcia , whose brother is autistic , said , "  The idea of confining a child in a room repeatedly and as punishment , that 's an ethics violation I would never tolerate . " But researchers say that the rooms , in some cases , are being misused and that children are suffering . Public schools in the United States are now educating more than half a million more students with disabilities than they did a decade ago , according to the National Education Association . "  Teachers are n't trained to handle that , " said Dr. Roger Pierangelo , executive director of the National Association of Special Education Teachers . "  When you have an out-of-control student threatening your class -- it 's not right and it can be very damaging -- but seclusion is used as a ` quick fix ' in many cases . " Former Rhode Island special education superintendent Leslie Ryan told CNN that she thought she was helping a disabled fifth-grader by keeping him in a "  chill room " in the basement of a public elementary school that was later deemed a fire hazard . "  All I know is I tried to help this boy , and I had very few options , " Ryan said . After the public learned of the room , she resigned from her post with the department but remains with the school . School records do not indicate why Jonathan King was repeatedly confined to the concrete room or what , if any , positive outcome was expected . His parents say they do n't recognize the boy described in records as one who liked to kick and punch his classmates . They have launched a wrongful death lawsuit against the school -- the Alpine Program in Gainesville -- which has denied any wrongdoing . A Georgia judge is expected to rule soon on whether the case can be brought before a jury . Jonathan 's parents say the boy had been diagnosed since kindergarten with severe depression and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder . But his father remembers him as a boy who was happy when he sang in the church choir . "  He was a hugger , liked to go fishing with me and run after me saying , ` Daddy , when are we going to the lake ? ' " Don King said . King said that he wanted to know if there were similar situations in other schools and that critics of seclusion rooms fear there could be . "  Jonathan 's case is the worst of the worst , but it should be a warning . It 's reasonable to think that it could happen in all the other schools that use seclusion on disabled children -- largely because the use of seclusion goes so unchecked , " said Jane Hudson , an attorney with the National Disability Rights Network . "  This is one of those most unregulated , unresearched areas I 've come across , " said Joseph Ryan , a Clemson University special education researcher who has worked in schools for disabled kids and co-authored a study on the use of seclusion . "  You have very little oversight in schools of these rooms -- first because the general public does n't really even know they exist , " he said . There is no national database tracking seclusion incidents in schools , though many have been described in media reports , lawsuits , disability advocacy groups ' investigations and on blogs catering to parents who say their child had been held in seclusion . Disability Rights California , a federally funded watchdog group , found that teachers dragged children into seclusion rooms they could not leave . In one case , they found a retarded 8-year-old had been locked alone in a seclusion room in a northeast California elementary school for at least 31 days in a year . "  What we found outrageous was that we went to the schools and asked to see the rooms and were denied , " said Leslie Morrison , a psychiatric nurse and attorney who led the 2007 investigation that substantiated at least six cases of abuse involving seclusion in public schools . "  It took a lot of fighting to eventually get in to see where these children were held . " CNN asked every school official interviewed if a reporter could visit a seclusion room and was denied every time . In other instances of alleged abuse : • A Tennessee mother alleged in a federal suit against the Learn Center in Clinton that her 51-pound 9-year-old autistic son was bruised when school instructors used their body weight on his legs and torso to hold him down before putting him in a "  quiet room " for four hours . Principal Gary Houck of the Learn Center , which serves disabled children , said lawyers have advised him not to discuss the case . • Eight-year-old Isabel Loeffler , who has autism , was held down by her teachers and confined in a storage closet where she pulled out her hair and wet her pants at her Dallas County , Iowa , elementary school . Last year , a judge found that the school had violated the girl 's rights . "  What we 're talking about is trauma , " said her father , Doug Loeffler . "  She spent hours in wet clothes , crying to be let out . " Waukee school district attorney Matt Novak told CNN that the school has denied any wrongdoing . • A mentally retarded 14-year-old in Killeen , Texas , died from his teachers pressing on his chest in an effort to restrain him in 2001 . Texas passed a law to limit both restraint and seclusion in schools because the two methods are often used together . Federal law requires that schools develop behavioral plans for students with disabilities . These plans are supposed to explicitly explain behavior problems and methods the teacher is allowed to use to stop it , including using music to calm a child or allowing a student to take a break from schoolwork . A behavioral plan for Jonathan King , provided to CNN by the Kings ' attorney , shows that Jonathan was confined in the seclusion room on 15 separate days for infractions ranging from cursing and threatening other students to physically striking classmates . Howard "  Sandy " Addis , the director of the Pioneer education agency which oversees Alpine , said that the room where Jonathan died is no longer in use . Citing the ongoing litigation , he declined to answer questions about the King case but defended the use of seclusion for "  an emergency safety situation . " The Alpine Program 's attorney , Phil Hartley , said Jonathan 's actions leading up to his suicide did not suggest the boy was "  serious " about killing himself . Jonathan 's actions were an "  effort to get attention , " Hartley said . "  This is a program designed for students with severe emotional disabilities and problems , " he said . "  It is a program which frequently deals with students who use various methods of getting attention , avoiding work . " A substitute employee placed in charge of watching the room on the day Jonathan died said in an affidavit that he had no training in the use of seclusion , and did n't know Jonathan had threatened suicide weeks earlier . The Kings say they would have removed their son from the school if they knew he was being held in seclusion , or that he had expressed a desire to hurt himself . "  We would have home schooled him or taken him to another psychologist , " said Don King . "  If we would have known , our boy would have never been in that room . He would still be alive . "	Mentally disabled , autistic kids injured , traumatized in school seclusion rooms 13-year-old Georgia boy hanged himself in room with cord teacher gave him Autistic Iowa girl confined in school storage closet where she pulled out her hair
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- A former police officer tearfully apologized Monday for his role in an elderly Atlanta woman 's shooting death during a botched drug raid , and another told a judge he prays daily for the victim . "  I used to think I was a good person , " ex-cop Gregg Junnier said before breaking down on the witness stand during a sentencing hearing in a federal courtroom in Atlanta , CNN affiliate WXIA reported . Junnier and two other ex-officers , Arthur Tesler and Jason Smith , face prison in connection with the November 2006 drug raid that left 92-year-old Kathryn Johnston dead in a hail of gunfire . Investigators later determined the raid was based on falsified paperwork stating that illegal drugs were present in the home . The killing prompted a major overhaul of the Atlanta police drug unit . Smith , like Junnier , apologized during Monday 's sentencing hearing . The proceedings were expected to resume Tuesday . "  I pray daily for Ms. Johnston . I also pray other officers in Atlanta will have the moral fortitude I did n't have , " Smith testified Monday , according to WXIA . Smith , Junnier and Tesler pleaded guilty to federal charges of conspiracy to violate civil rights resulting in death . Smith and Junnier also pleaded guilty to state charges of voluntary manslaughter and making false statements , and Smith admitted to planting bags of marijuana in Johnston 's house after her death . Tesler was convicted on one state count of making false statements for filling out an affidavit stating that an informant had purchased crack cocaine at Johnston 's home in a crime-plagued neighborhood near downtown Atlanta . The informant denied having been to Johnston 's home , leading to investigations by local authorities and the FBI , and the breakup and reorganization of the Atlanta police narcotics unit . Police said Johnston fired at them with an old pistol during the raid , and they shot back in self-defense . Johnston 's one shot went through her front door and over the officers ' heads ; they responded with 39 shots , hitting Johnston five times . "  Her death was the foreseeable culmination of a long-standing conspiracy in which the officers violated their oaths of office , " Assistant U.S. Attorney Jon-Peter Kelly said , according to CNN affiliate WSB . The officers "  regularly swore falsely " to get warrants and make cases , he said . Federal prosecutors said officers cut corners to make more time for lucrative side jobs providing additional security to businesses , often while on duty and for cash payments . Johnston 's family was not in court Monday . But U.S. District Judge Julie Carnes heard a letter from Johnston 's niece during the hearing , and family spokesman Markel Hutchins told WXIA he hopes an FBI report of the case can be used to prompt additional charges at the local level . "  The real culprit in this is the culture within the Atlanta Police Department and the higher-ups that laid the foundation . Why are n't they being held accountable ? " Hutchins asked . The probe also led to guilty pleas by the police sergeant in charge of the narcotics unit and another officer who admitted to extortion , federal prosecutors said .	Sentencing hearing begins for three former Atlanta police officers Kathryn Johnston , 92 , killed in her home during botched drug raid in November 2006 The officers pleaded guilty to federal charges of conspiracy to violate civil rights Officers "  regularly swore falsely " to get warrants , assistant U.S. attorney says
New Orleans  CNN  -- New Orleans police arrested a second suspect in the Mother 's Day shooting that wounded 19 people this week , including three still in critical condition , authorities said Thursday . The two suspects are believed to be involved in gangs , police said . No further details were immediately available , authorities said . Meanwhile , the first suspect , Akein Scott , 19 , is facing 20 counts of attempted second-degree murder in the Sunday shooting , and his bail was set at $ 10 million during his first appearance in Orleans Parish Magistrate Court on Thursday morning , court records said . Scott 's next hearing is scheduled for July 16 . Among the three people still in critical condition from the shooting is a reporter , police said . A SWAT team was used during Scott 's arrest Wednesday night in east New Orleans , CNN affiliate WDSU reported . Police identified Scott as a suspect Monday after footage of the shooting was released . Images of the parade , released by police Monday , show a man standing at the outskirts of a packed parade route . A moment later , he charges toward the crowd . The surveillance camera images show the panicked crowd scrambling for cover . The man runs away , leaving people and bicycles scattered on the ground behind him . A $ 10,000 reward was offered in the case . The shooting , during a festive Mother 's Day parade , renewed concerns about crime in the city . It was the third holiday this year when guns have been fired into crowds , New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu said . A January 21 shooting near a Martin Luther King Day parade left five wounded . Four people were hurt in a February Mardi Gras attack , the New Orleans Times-Picayune reported . CNN 's Chandler Friedman and AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	NEW : Both suspects are believed to be involved in gangs , police say NEW : Police did n't provide further details on second suspect NEW : First suspect Akein Scott faces 20 counts of attempted second-degree murder NEW : Three of the 19 shooting victims are still in critical condition , police say
CNN  -- A Massachusetts woman was found guilty Wednesday in the first-degree murder of her pregnant friend , whom she bludgeoned and strangled before cutting the baby from the victim 's womb . Julie Corey , who was 35 at the time of the crime , was convicted in Worcester Superior Court in the 2009 slaying of Darlene Haynes , 23 , in Worcester . Corey is to to be sentenced on Tuesday and faces a maximum sentence of life without parole , prosecutors said . As the verdict was read , Corey cried and placed her hands over her face . Haynes ' body was found in her apartment on July 27 , 2009 . She was eight months pregnant at the time of her death . Days after the murder , Haynes ' baby was found with Corey in New Hampshire . DNA evidence and a fingerprint on a bottle at the crime scene tied Corey to the killing , the district attorney 's office said . According to trial testimony , Corey tried to pass the baby off as her own to family and friends , the statement said . The child now lives with her father , the statement said . "  It 's probably the most horrific case this office has seen , " Worcester County District Attorney Joseph Early Jr. said . "  This woman was killed for her baby . " Corey 's lawyers argued that police failed to follow up on leads , including Haynes ' ex-boyfriend . They suggested that the ex-boyfriend had given the baby to Corey and her former boyfriend , Alex Dion , according to CNN affiliate WCVB . Dion denied this in court testimony . Calls to Corey 's attorney were not returned . At the time , Worcester police said Haynes told people she gave birth at an undisclosed Massachusetts hospital . "  When the woman  Corey  appeared with the newborn baby girl in Worcester ... the suspicions of a number of this woman 's acquaintances were piqued , " police said . "  In the aftermath of the discovery of Ms. Haynes ' body and the information that her fetus was missing was reported in the media , several of these acquaintances advised detectives of their suspicions . "	Body of Darlene Haynes , 23 , was found in her home in Worcester , Massachusetts Prosecutors : Julie Corey strangled her before cutting baby from her womb As the verdict was read , Corey cried and placed her hands over her face
CNN  -- Police in upstate New York have finished their investigation into the death of Kevin Ward Jr. , who died from his injuries after he was struck by a race car driven by Tony Stewart during a race in August . The Ontario County Office of Sheriff said in a news release that it had given the evidence it compiled to the district attorney . Stewart should find out soon if he will be charged . District Attorney R. Michael Tantillo will announce late next week what the the next steps in the case will be , the statement said . Stewart , a three-time NASCAR top series champion , was driving a dirt-track car when the right rear tire hit Ward , who was walking on the track during an Empire Super Sprints series race August 9 in Canandaigua , New York . Ward , 20 , died of massive blunt trauma before paramedics could get him to a hospital . Ontario County Sheriff Philip C. Povero said several days after the incident that there was no evidence that a crime had been committed . One of the pieces of evidence gathered during the investigation was a forensic video enhancement done by the New York State Police Laboratory . There were at least two videos of the incident that police have obtained , but the release did n't say what the lab used for the enhancement . Stewart missed three NASCAR races after the incident . When he returned to racing at Atlanta , he gave a brief statement to the media . "  This has been one of the toughest tragedies I 've ever had to deal with , both professionally and personally . And this is something that will definitely affect my life forever , " Stewart said at the speedway in his first public appearance since Ward 's death . While the incident hit him hard , Stewart said he knows "  that the pain and the mourning that Kevin Ward 's family and friends are experiencing is something that I ca n't possibly imagine . " Kevin Ward Jr. started young , loved to race Tony Stewart : Raising smoke with a hard driving life	Kevin Ward Jr. died after he was struck by Tony Stewart 's race car during a race A New York sheriff 's office has wrapped up its four-week investigation The DA will take a week to examine the evidence , decide if there should be charges Stewart has returned to NASCAR racing after a three-week hiatus
CNN  -- Six people were hospitalized after a boat exploded at a Maryland marina , an official with the Anne Arundel County Fire Department said Monday . Six children , all of whom are 13 or younger , were injured , Lt. Jack Bell said . "  We saw that the dad was actually picking kids up and throwing them into the water , and people were just frantically scrambling to get off the boat , " Care Corradin told CNN affiliate WJZ . Corradin said the people from the boat began to swim back to the dock . "  And there was a ton of smoke just billowing out the back , and the dad went back in and picked up all the life vests and he was throwing the life vests at the kids and the people in the water , " Corradin said . Sgt. Brian Albert of the Maryland Natural Resources Police , which is leading the accident investigation , said two of the children were transported to the Johns Hopkins burn center . No one on the boat suffered life-threatening injuries , he said . Bell said the boat got gas at the marina , and the 32-foot vessel , with nine people aboard , stalled when it left the dock just after noon . The blast happened when the captain tried to refire the engines . The cause of the explosion at the Oak Grove Marina near Edgewater , Maryland , is unknown . The marina is about 30 minutes east of Washington on the South River .	NEW : Witness said man was throwing younger victims into the water Six children were hospitalized , two went to burn unit Boat had just refueled and captain was attempting to restart it Marina is on South River in Maryland
CNN  For much of the U.S. , stepping into a walk-in freezer will be a lot more comfortable than going outside . From Minnesota to Texas , another blast of frigid weather is walloping the country . Here 's what to expect : Wind chills will plunge to about minus 40 Sunday in parts of North Dakota and Minnesota as another Arctic blast barrels through , CNN meteorologist Derek Van Dam said . As the work week starts , other cities will endure the mind-numbing freeze . Chicago 's wind chill will be 20 below zero on Monday . And on Tuesday morning , Boston will suffer a wind chill of minus 20 , while New York and Philadelphia will grapple with wind chills of minus 4 . You know it 's bad when parts of Texas will be covered with ice . Up to 2 inches of sleet will fall in the Dallas-Fort Worth area Sunday and Monday , the National Weather Service office in Fort Worth said . In Kentucky , the massive weight of snow on the roof of a Walmart may have been enough to crack the walls . The store in South Williamson was evacuated and closed indefinitely after store employees detected the cracks , apparently caused by the load of snow on the roof , Walmart spokeswoman Tricia Moriarty said Saturday . And the roof slid off the top of a home in Concord , New Hampshire , CNN affiliate WMUR reported , leaving nothing to protect the family from relentless snow . It 's not clear exactly what caused the roof to slide off , WMUR said , but state officials are warning about the dangers of roof collapses amid heavy snowfall . At least 26 people have already died from weather-related incidents in the U.S. and Canada over the past week . The Tennessee Emergency Management Agency reported 21 deaths , including 11 from hypothermia and several from vehicle accidents . A dialysis patient who was unable to get treatment also died . In Boston , a man died after suffering a heart attack while shoveling snow , Mayor Martin Walsh said . In North Carolina , a 19-year-old woman died in a weather-related traffic crash , the governor said . In New Hampshire , a woman died apparently from exposure to the cold in an area known for hiking , state officials said . And in Toronto , police said 3-year-old Elijah Marsh died after wandering out of an apartment on his own wearing only a T-shirt and boots . Thousands of air travelers will be grounded across the country Sunday . More than 600 flights into , out of or within the U.S. have been canceled , according to flightaware.com . Airports in Denver , Philadelphia and New York are the most affected . While the Northeast will stay frigid the next few days , the snow and freezing rain will ease up by midday Monday . And the massive snowfall in the Denver area could be a boon for outdoor athletes , CNN meteorologist Ivan Cabrera said . "  In the higher elevations , we 're going to be measuring in feet -- excellent news if you are out skiing in Colorado . " CNN 's Joe Sutton , Christine Sever , Ralph Ellis and Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	Even Dallas could get 2 inches of sleet About a dozen hypothermia-related deaths have been reported in the past week
CNN  -- It 's still not clear what the future holds for Nittany Lions football after a child sex abuse scandal implicated top Penn State officials and placed a former assistant coach behind bars . That was the message from National Collegiate Athletic Association President Mark Emmert , who spoke with PBS in his first public comment on the matter during an interview broadcast Monday . Emmert said he does n't want to "  take anything off the table " regarding NCAA-imposed penalties , adding that he 'd "  never seen anything as egregious as this in terms of just overall conduct and behavior inside a university . " "  What the appropriate penalties are , if there are determinations of violations , we 'll have to decide , " he said . New Sandusky accusations date back to1970s The possibility for the so-called "  death penalty " -- meaning the potential cancellation of some state grants , recruiting activities and up to two football seasons -- has since drummed-up questions of whether Penn State will lose a huge revenue generator just as analysts predict a flood of lawsuits following Jerry Sandusky 's conviction and a scathing internal review . "  They are going to get pounded in civil litigation , " said CNN legal analyst Paul Callan , after a university-funded report blamed school officials for empowering Sandusky to continue his abuse . The 267-page review -- led by former FBI Director Louis Freeh -- implicated ousted university president Graham Spanier , fired head coach Joe Paterno and ex-administrators Gary Schultz and Tim Curley , whose attorneys blasted the findings , calling the report a "  lopsided document " that lacked access to critical witnesses . More storms looming for Penn State in wake of Freeh report Oral arguments for pretrial motions against Curley and Schultz are scheduled for the morning of August 16 in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania . The two men are charged with lying to the grand jury and failing to report child sexual attacks . Sandusky , meanwhile , is awaiting sentencing on 45 counts of abuse . But attorneys for Spanier said in a statement Tuesday that Freeh investigators ignored "  the conclusions of a far more independent and thorough investigation of Dr. Graham Spanier conducted simultaneously by federal officials responsible for our national security . " "  Dr. Spanier has for some time held a top secret security clearance in connection with his work with the federal government . This clearance required a re-review when the Sandusky matter surfaced in November , " the statement said . "  Federal investigators then conducted a four-month investigation of their own in which they interviewed many of the same individuals the Freeh group interviewed and other relevant individuals Freeh did not interview . At the conclusion of the investigation the government reaffirmed Dr. Spanier 's clearance . " The ex president 's attorneys then blasted Freeh -- who offered no comment Tuesday in response to the accusations -- for not mentioning that investigation in his report . Read the report here  PDF Meanwhile , the scandal 's potential for further repercussions seems to be on the minds of many in the football-dominated town of State College . "  I think it 's crazy to make the students suffer , " said Tierra Briscoe , a 21-year-old senior . "  What about the seniors ? " she asked rhetorically . "  It 's unfair that they have to suffer for other people 's actions . " The NCAA imposed similar sanctions against Southern Methodist University following a payments-to-athletes scandal in 1987 , forcing that school to give up the following football season . And while Paterno earned an almost cult-like following among Penn State fans during his 61 years of coaching , vestiges of his legacy have gradually disappeared after Freeh 's report determined that Paterno could have done more to stop the attacks and may not have told the grand jury all that he knew . On Tuesday , Brown University -- where in 1950 Paterno earned a English Literature degree -- approved a decision to permanently remove his name from the school 's annual award for outstanding male freshman athlete , in place since 1993 . The school is also currently reviewing his status as a part of Brown 's Athletic Hall of Fame , where he was inducted in 1977 . At State College , student organizers changed the name of a popular camp-out ahead of football games from "  Paternoville " to "  Nittanyville , " while on a famous local mural , a halo painted above the image of the former head coach was removed . Airborne banner : Take down Paterno statue Name changes also took hold at the Nike headquarters in Beaverton , Oregon , with the firm 's president announcing earlier this month that it would swap out the name of the Joe Paterno Child Development Center , a child care facility at the company 's headquarters . And while no decision has yet been made on the fate of the famous Paterno statue that stands outside Beaver Stadium , a small plane flew over campus Tuesday carrying a banner that read , "  Take the Statue Down or We Will . " Others , however , continue to show support for their old coach , who died in January from lung cancer . "  I think his statute needs to remain where it is , " Briscoe said . "  He built up half our school , and was not only a coach . He was a philanthropist . " The school 's board of trustees , whose firing of Paterno prompted student protests , also showed its support for the former coach while pledging reforms and vowing to hold the school more accountable . Last week , the board made it made clear that it would back a lucrative retirement deal the university made with Paterno in the same month that he testified to the grand jury . The woman who stood up to Joe Paterno "  Contracts are contracts , " board of trustees chair Karen Peetz said Friday during a trustee meeting in Scranton , Pennsylvania . "  And no , there 's no plan to  change  that . " According to the university website , Paterno 's amended contract -- which now benefits his estate -- was finalized in August 2011 and totaled $ 5.5 million in payouts and benefits , which included a $ 3 million bonus and title as head football coach emeritus if he retired at the end of the 2011 season . The package , which was published online in April , also included a $ 425,000 head coach bonus , $ 900,000 in television and radio revenue , $ 250,000 in debt forgiveness , use of the university 's luxury box , use of the school 's hydrotherapy equipment and $ 1,000 monthly payment to Paterno 's wife for the rest of her life , among other benefits . Report : Penn State leaders disregarded victims , 'em powered ' Sandusky Key passages from Penn State internal review report Opinion : Joe Paterno was a coward CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report	NCAA President Mark Emmert says he does n't want to "  take anything off the table " Emmert , in PBS interview , says he has "  never seen anything as egregious " "  What the appropriate penalties are ... we 'll have to decide , " Emmert told PBS .
Washington  CNN  -- The United States has seen no unexpected moves by the North Korean military since the announcement of Kim Jong Il 's death , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff said Monday . Gen. Martin Dempsey said the United States is remaining "  vigilant " in the wake of the death of the North Korean leader . In the first extended on the record comments from a senior U.S. official , Dempsey told a small group of reporters he was awakened overnight to receive the news and immediately joined in an inter-agency phone call of high levels officials to discuss the situation . Dempsey said the call centered on identifying the key military and intelligence indicators that the U.S. would need to watch for any early warning of instability in the regime . Though Kim died on Saturday , U.S. officials only learned of his death from North Korean television on Sunday night "  The chain of command military and civilian very quickly coalesced around the fact that Kim Jong Il had died , " Dempsey said . "  We quickly established a network of leaders to discuss this issue and to determine what we could do to contribute to understanding what might happen next . " U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta spoke with his South Korean counterpart , Kim Kwan-Jin , on Monday morning , said Pentagon spokesman George Little . "  He made it clear that the United States stands with the Republic of Korea in this time of uncertainty , " Little said . "  Both men agree it is critical to remain prudent in regards to all matters relating to our security posture there , and pledge to keep one another informed in the coming days . Both men agree this is a delicate time , and they need to closely monitor developments in North Korea . " So far there are no signs of movement of troops or weapons by the North Koreans , Little said . This summer , the commander of American troops in South Korea told Congress that the United States does not believe Kim Jong Un will differ much in decision making from his father or in adjusting the country 's strategic priorites . However , Gen. James Thurman warned of the wildcard of having such a young , inexperienced leader . "  Kim Jong-un 's youth and inexperience increase the likelihood of miscalculation , as does the imperative for him to establish credibility with the military hardliners he needs to support succession , " Thurman told the Senate Armed Services Committee in a written answer . Dempsey said Monday that the U.S. Pacific Command has reported it has sufficient intelligence assets in the area to keep surveillance on North Korea , but it may shift some capabilities to the peninsula from where they are currently located in the region . U.S. troops in South Korea are not on any heightened state of alert , U.S. military officials said . "  The commander continually assesses our security level and makes adjustments as necessary . But we 're operating under what 's called ` normal armistice conditions . ' In other words , the level of readiness is as it is on any given day , " Jennifer Buschick , spokeswoman for U.S. Forces-Korea , told CNN . U.S. Forces-Korea 's official website lists the current Force Protection level as "  Bravo , " with some selected measures at a more heightened "  Charlie " level . That means they 've stepped up patrols of bases , tightened gate security and ordered troops to pay special attention to "  designated vulnerable points " both on and off base . But these measures were in place before Kim Jong Il 's death , along with a recent reinstatement of an overnight curfew for U.S. troops in South Korea . Separately , a senior American military official says the test-firing of two short-range missiles by North Korea was expected and not considered related to the current situation . "  There are strong indications  the missile test  was pre-planned , and there is no nexus to the death of the North Korean leader , " the military official said .	No sign of movement of troops or weapons , general says U.S. defense secretary speaks with South Korean counterpart U.S. troops in South Korea not on special alert , officials say North Korea conducts missile test launch ; West not alarmed
CNN  -- Four Russian nationals and a Ukrainian have been charged with running a massive scheme to steal info from more than 160 million credit and debit cards at a cost of hundreds of millions of dollars . Each of the five men indicted had different roles in what the Department of Justice described Thursday in a news release as "  the largest such scheme ever prosecuted in the United States . " According to that U.S. agency , one of the accused hosted "  bullet-proof " web-hosting services , two of the defendants hacked corporate networks , one mined and stole sensitive data and the fifth sold that information to "  identity theft wholesalers . " Two of the men were arrested at the request of U.S. authorities in June 2012 in the Netherlands . One of them , Dmitriy Smilianets , was extradited months later to the United States . He 'll appear in a federal court in New Jersey on the new charges of hacking conspiracy , conspiracy to commit wire fraud , unauthorized computer access and wire fraud , according to the Department of Justice . The three other indicted men were still at large Thursday . They are all accused of having targeted more than a dozen major American and international companies between 2005 and 2012 , including JCPenney , Carrefour , 7-Eleven , Nasdaq , JetBlue , Dow Jones and Ingenicard . More than 130 million card numbers were stolen from one company alone -- Heartland , a U.S.-based credit and debit card processing company -- resulting in about $ 200 million in losses , according to the U.S. federal court indictment unsealed Thursday . in a federal court in New Jersey "  Those who have the expertise and the inclination to break into our computer networks threaten our economic well-being , our privacy , and our national security , " said U.S. Attorney Paul Fishman , whose jurisdiction is New Jersey . "  And this case shows , there is a real practical cost because these types of frauds increase the cost of doing business for every American consumer , every day . " Working with co-conspirators -- at least one of whom , Albert Gonzalez of Miami , is now serving a 20-year prison sentence related to several data breaches , according to the news release -- they 'd "  probe potential vulnerabilities " in their targets ' websites and , in some cases , would even visit their retail stores , the indictment states . Then they would strike against retailers and other corporations engaged in financial transactions or the transmission of financial data . The defendants used computers in at least seven countries , including the United States , and anonymous web-hosting services allegedly provided by one of those charged , Mikhail Rytikov , to help hide their identities . Two of the defendants -- Alexandr Kalinin and Vladimir Drinkman , the latter of whom was arrested last year in the Netherlands -- would allegedly hack into networks and install malicious code , or malware , to make these systems more vulnerable . In some instances , this malware might be in place for more than a year . Once in , another of the accused -- Roman Kotov -- allegedly would capture loads of data such as user names and passwords , other identifying info and credit and debit card numbers . This information would then be sold by Smilianets at a price that varied , depending on its origin , U.S. authorities claim in the indictment . A single U.S. credit card number , for instance , would go for $ 10 , a Canadian one for $ 15 and a European number for $ 50 , according to the indictment . Bulk and repeat "  customers " shopping for this illicit info got discounted prices . This data would then be encrypted on blank cards , which could be used to withdraw cash from ATMs or make purchases . Also Thursday -- in addition to the charges outlined in the indictment -- the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Southern District of New York announced two additional indictments against Kalinin for hacking servers used by the financial securities market Nasdaq . A separate indictment accuses Kalinin and another Russian , Nikolay Nasenkov , of engineering a scheme to hack U.S.-based financial institutions , steal account information and withdraw millions of dollars from victims ' bank accounts . "  As today 's allegations make clear , cyber criminals are determined to prey not only on individual bank accounts , but on the financial system itself , " Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said . The various hacking charges come on the same day that Stanford University experienced what it called "  an apparent breach of its information technology infrastructure similar to incidents reported in recent months by a range of companies and large organizations in the United States . " In a message linked from its official Twitter feed , Stanford said it was still looking into the origin and the impact of the apparent breach . "  We do not yet know the scope of the intrusion , but we are working closely with information security consultants and law enforcement to determine its source and impact , " the university said .	4 Russians , 1 Ukrainian are charged in what the U.S. alleges is a massive hacking conspiracy 2 of the accused are in custody , the other 3 are at large , the U.S. Department of Justice says They allegedly stole , sold over 160 credit/debit card numbers for hundreds of millions of dollars The announcement comes the same day Stanford University experienced "  an apparent breach "
FIFA pledged Friday to reform its governance structure after the corruption scandals which rocked football 's world governing body last year . Proposed changes to its ethics committee , which will be split into two entities , one to investigate allegations and another to rule on them , were hailed as "  historic " by FIFA president Sepp Blatter after being approved by the executive committee . They will still need to be endorsed by FIFA 's 2012 Congress in Budapest , Hungary in May . FIFA was responding to a report of the Independent Governance Committee  IGC  , chaired by Swiss professor Mark Pieth and made public Friday . It was commissioned after Asian football chief Mohamed bin Hammam was banned from the game for life after being found guilty of corruption for trying to buy votes in the FIFA presidential election with $ 40,000 cash inducements to Caribbean football officials . The bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups , respectively won by Russia and Qatar , also came under scrutiny after allegations of improper conduct . Pieth and the eight-strong ICG group branded as "  unsatisfactory " FIFA 's past handling of the corruption allegations . "  Existing procedures are insufficient to meet the challenges of a major global sport governing body , " the ICG found . It went on "  This has led to unsatisfactory reactions to persistent allegations . "  In some instances , allegations were insufficiently investigated and where sanctions were imposed , they are at times insufficient and clearly unconvincing . " Blatter told a press conference in Zurich Friday that his organization recognized the need for change . "  The executive committee unanimously agreed to this new approach in our efforts for more transparency and integrity , " he said . "  The new ethics committee will have the possibility to initiate investigation in the case of credible allegations . " But Grant Wahl , a senior writer for Sports Illustrated , who unsuccessfully tried to challenge Blatter in the FIFA presidential elections last year , told CNN that while the 76-year-old Swiss remained at the helm there would be doubts about the implementation of the proposed changes . "  Sepp Blatter came to power 14 years ago through an election where he had the support of executive members who are now disgraced so he has very little credibility in preaching for reform , " he said . Wahl was also disappointed that the ICG had stopped short of calling for further investigation into the award of the 2018 and 2022 World Cup host countries . "  My big concern is that there is no recommendation to do a forensic investigation into 2018 and 2022 bidding process because it was clearly not satisfactory in many people 's eyes , " he said . Wahl also doubted FIFA would implement the ICG recommendation to limit the terms of FIFA president and executive committee members to two terms of four years . "  Term limits are a really important change , it would keep some of these dinosaurs from sitting on the committee for years and years , " he said . FIFA also agreed Friday to co-opt its entire executive committee onto the organizing body of the 2014 World Cup after concerns that preparations in Brazil have fallen behind schedule . 2010 World Cup chief South African Danny Jordaan has also been named as an adviser along with Alexei Sorokin , who is overseeing the 2018 tournament in Russia . A FIFA statement said : "  To underline the significance of the FIFA World Cup for world football 's governing body , the complete FIFA executive committee is now , for the first time , part of this decision-making forum which is responsible for monitoring and organizing each edition of FIFA 's flagship event . "	FIFA proposes changes to its ethics committee after 2011 corruption scandals Independent report criticizes ` unsatisfactory ' response to allegations of wrongdoing FIFA president Sepp Blatter hails ` historic ' reforms FIFA critic Grant Wahl wanted probe into 2018 and 2022 World Cup bidding process
CNN  Two U.S. jets this week intercepted six Russian planes that neared U.S. airspace off Alaska and Canadian planes intercepted two Russian bombers that approached Canadian airspace , NORAD reported . A U.S. official told CNN 's Barbara Starr that officials in Washington think the incidents were related to the visit by Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko , who talked to Canadian officials Wednesday and President Barack Obama on Thursday . The United States promised Ukraine $ 46 million in nonlethal aid for its battle with pro-Russian militants . On Wednesday evening , two Alaskan-based F-22 fighter jets intercepted two Russian IL-78 refueling tankers , two Russian Mig-31 fighter jets and two Russian Bear long-range bombers , according to Capt. Jeff Davis of the North American Aerospace Defense Command  NORAD  . More than six hours later , early Thursday morning , two Canadian CF-18 fighter jets intercepted two Russian Bear long-range bombers in the Beaufort Sea , Davis said . Those Russian planes came within about 40 nautical miles of the Canadian coastline , he said . Though the planes did not enter sovereign territory , the statement said , they did enter the U.S. Air Defense Identification Zone west of Alaska and the Canadian ADIZ , according to a statement . U.S. official : Spy plane flees Russian jet , radar The ADIZ is a zone of airspace which extends about 200 miles from the coastline and is mainly within international airspace , according to the statement . The outer limits of the ADIZ go beyond U.S. sovereign air space . Dutch fighter jets intercept 2 Russian bombers in their airspace State aircraft of sovereign nations are not required to file flight plans . NORAD said it has intercepted more than 50 Russian aircraft in the last five years . NORAD jets usually intercept one or two Russian planes , normally bombers .	U.S. official : Incident related to visit by Ukraine President NORAD says six Russian aircraft flew about 55 nautical miles from Alaska coastline Two Russian planes flew about 40 miles off Canadian coastline , NORAD says
She 's a giant , and ancient , jigsaw puzzle : 300 bones , 19 bony plates and four vicious-looking spikes . The world 's most complete stegosaurus skeleton -- nicknamed Sophie -- has gone on display at the Natural History Museum in London . At 5.6 m long and 2.9 m tall , the Stegosaurus stenops is roughly the size of a 4x4 vehicle -- though it predated such motors by 150 million years . Paleontologists at the museum have spent 12 months studying the skeleton , measuring , photographing and scanning it , as well as practicing putting it together . Now , a year after she arrived in London from the U.S. , Sophie -- named after the daughter of a wealthy financier whose donation allowed the museum to acquire her -- is finally ready to make her public debut . The museum 's lead dinosaur researcher , Professor Paul Barrett , said the stegosaurus was incredibly rare . "  Finding one as complete as this , where only the left arm and base of the tail are missing , is exceptional , " he said in a statement . "  It 's the only stegosaurus in the world that 's anywhere near this complete . So it 's an amazing find . " As well as drawing visitors in to the museum , Barrett said the specimen offered many interesting opportunities for research . "  Because the new skeleton is almost complete , and three-dimensional , we can do a lot of things that have not been possible until now , such as looking at how the leg muscles work or how the skull functions during biting . "  Thanks to this fossil , we can begin to uncover the secrets behind the evolution and behavior of this iconic but poorly understood dinosaur species . " Key to its importance is the fact that the fossil 's skull bones are not fused together , allowing paleontologists the chance to experiment : "  It 's almost like playing with a Meccano set , " Barrett said . While they do n't actually know whether it was male or female  despite the name  , they can tell the dinosaur was relatively young when it died -- adult stegosaurus are known to have measured up to 9m in length . And although its spine plates and spiked tail mean it looks a little threatening , back when it was alive the stegosaurus would have been a vegetarian and a solitary creature . The first stegosaurus was discovered in Colorado in 1877 by paleontologist Othniel Marsh . The Natural History Museum 's specimen was found at Red Canyon Ranch in Wyoming in 2003 -- it took 18 months of painstaking excavation work to free it from the ground it had lain in for so long .	World 's most complete stegosaurus skeleton unveiled at Natural History Museum Skeleton is 5.6 m long and made up of more than 300 bones , 19 plates and four spikes Found at Red Canyon Ranch in Wyoming , USA , in 2003 , donated to museum in 2013 Stegosaurus roamed the Earth 156 to 144 million years ago , in late Jurassic period
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic and Maria Sharapova progressed to the fourth round of the Miami Masters on Sunday , neither impressed with their form as they battled windy , hot conditions . Djokovic , seeking to emulate Andre Agassi -- the only man to win at Key Biscayne three years in a row , from 2001-03 -- beat 254th-ranked Indian Somdev Devvarman 6-2 6-4 . "  It was very difficult to kind of get into a rhythm because you could n't really serve at 100 % and you had to go more for precision and put twice as much effort into the step adjustments because of the windy conditions , " said the world No. 1 , who will next face veteran German Tommy Haas in the 10-day hard-court event . "  All in all , I 'm just happy to get through the rough day . " Djokovic , seeking his fourth Miami crown , having also won in 2007 as well as losing the 2009 final , was joined in the last 16 by Spanish third seed David Ferrer , who will next play Japan 's No. 13 Kei Nishikori . The Australian Open champion 's fellow Serbian Janko Tipsarevic , the seventh seed , will next face French No. 11 Gilles Simon . Sharapova has been in four title matches in Miami , including the last two , and come away emptyhanded every time . She is seeking to become only the third woman to win the Indian Wells/Miami double in the same season , and kept alive her hopes with a 6-4 6-2 win over fellow Russian Elena Vesnina , the 29th seed . "  It was n't easy for the both of us with the heat and the wind , " said the world No. 2 , who is seeded third . "  It was just one of those days where you know you might not be playing your best tennis -- I certainly was n't today . "  But I got through , and I 'm onto the next one . " Sharapova will next face 21st-seeded Czech Klara Zakopalova , who upset another Russian when she beat No. 14 Maria Kirilenko 6-2 7-6  7-4  . Sharapova lost to the 31-year-old when she was just 15 , back in 2003 at the Australian Open , but has won their last four meetings including a last-16 match in Qatar this year . Romania 's Sorana Cirstea earned a clash with former world No. 1 Jelena Jankovic after eliminating German sixth seed Angelique Kerber 6-4 6-0 . "  I did n't have any expectations coming into this tournament because I 've never played that well in Miami , " the Romanian 28th seed said . "  But I 've been fighting the best I could and working my way through every single match , and it 's working . " Jankovic , the 2008 runner-up , beat Russian 11th seed Nadia Petrova 7-6  9-7  6-4 . Alize Cornet ended the hopes of 19-year-old American Lauren Davis , who was allowed into the main draw when second seed Victoria Azarenka pulled out due to ongoing ankle problems . The French 32nd seed came from behind to win 2-6 6-3 6-2 and earn a clash with either Italian Roberta Vinci or Spain 's Carla Suarez Navarro .	World No. 1 Novak Djokovic stays on course for third successive Miami title Serbian will next face 15th seed Tommy Haas in the last 16 of hard-court event Maria Sharapova , four times a runner-up at Key Biscayne , also through to round four Indian Wells winner will next play Czech world No. 22 Klara Zakopalova
London  CNN  -- Microsoft 's popular Kinect for Xbox 360 has inspired countless ingenious "  hacks " since its launch at the end of 2010 . The motion-sensing device has been modified to produce everything from real-time light sabers to nifty trash bins which catch your garbage  however bad your aim  , proving a catalyst for creativity and invention . Today , Kinect 's reach extends far beyond its gaming origins , spurring advances in medical treatment . Researchers at the UK 's University of Southampton , for example , are using the technology to help patients recovering from a stroke . A specially devised algorithm enables therapists to remotely track patients ' hand and finger movements and guide them through exercises which compliment a wider program of physiotherapy . "  It widens our opportunities to make rehabilitation more accessible to people in their homes , " says Cheryl Metcalf , lecturer in Biomechanics at Southampton . "  Patients  can just plug it into their TV and be monitored over the internet , " she said . "  The whole tele-medicine idea opens up so many different avenues to be able to look and measure progress objectively . " Aided by electrical engineering company Roke Manor Research , Metcalf and colleagues have created a prototype which is currently being assessed against the traditional laboratory-based system . It 's an accessible technology which people are more willing to accept , says Metcalf , and Microsoft have been very supportive . "  We 're very grateful to them for releasing the  Kinect for Windows  SDK  software development kit  and making it more accessible to people , " she said . See also : 3-D printing : the shape of things to come The kit has been a hit with developers with downloads in the "  hundreds of thousands " since its release 18 months ago , according to Microsoft . The company itself has been busy looking at ways to exploit the technology through its network of research laboratories around the world . At Microsoft Research 's UK base in Cambridge , scientists are currently trialing a new imaging tool for surgeons . "  Touchless Interaction in Medical Imaging " gives surgeons the power to manipulate scans and medical images on a computer screen using hand gestures . Doctors at Addenbrooke 's Hospital in Cambridge and London 's St Thomas ' Hospital have been impressed with the equipment , says Helena Mentis , one of the Microsoft Research team working on the project . "  They 've all been extremely excited to be able to have hands-on manipulation of imaging data that they are so reliant on , particularly with the push towards minimally invasive surgery , " Mentis said . Watch video : Hands-free browsing using Kinect Dr Tom Carrell , vascular surgeon at Guy 's and St Thomas ' NHS Foundation Trust , says Kinect has the potential to radically change surgery . "  With Kinect , we could revolutionize the way we do complex operations . Patients will spend less time in theater , and surgeons will be more in control of the information they need , " Carrell said in a statement . Kinect 's influence could extend further says Mentis , manipulating 3-D models of the brain for neurosurgery and expanding touchless interaction into a whole suite of surgical tools . Back in Southampton , the same optimism persists about the progress that can be made using Kinect for Windows . Metcalf predicts that a commercially viable tool for stroke patients will be achieved within five years and that this flurry of activity is only the beginning . "  The other work that 's going on around the world in different domains means we can all learn from each other as well , " she said . "  It just pushes the whole field forward . "	Microsoft Kinect inspiring developers worldwide to create novel devices UK researchers have used Kinect to develop a rehabilitation tool for stroke sufferers Microsoft testing new tool for surgeons that allows medical scans to be manipulated using hand gestures
CNN  -- Even without the looming threat of civil war in Syria , flirting with a Middle Eastern ruler is dangerous business . Not that the practice of extramarital affairs and illicit rendezvous is uncommon : Brutal autocrats from former Iraqi President Saddam Hussein to erratic Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi and their sons were rumored to have sexual encounters with numerous women during their reigns . A trove of recently leaked e-mails purportedly from embattled Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's inbox appear to indicate several women brazenly flirting with the father of three , some while working for the regime . Chief among the women is U.S.-educated Hadeel al-Ali , who in one e-mail sent a photograph allegedly of herself in a skimpy bra and thong , with her derriÃ ¨ re facing the camera . In the cache of nearly 3,000 e-mails obtained by CNN , it does not appear al-Assad reciprocates her advances . Nonetheless , in one message the young woman features a photo of a young Bashar and the lines "  so cute , I miss youuuuuuu . " Just two days after the U.N. published a damning report alleging that government forces committed crimes against humanity and killed more than 250 children , al-Ali wrote , "  let the world see that we all are your shabeeha even the tiny little generation believes in you and is ready to fight from now . " The shabeeha are pro-regime militias or thugs accused of the worst atrocities and killings by the opposition . Syrian forces pound Homs neighborhood On occasion , the schoolgirl crush takes a more serious tone as the 20-something political science graduate appears to relay public relations advice from Tehran . More than five pages of suggestions for the president include advice to use language like Hassan Nasrallah , the secretary-general of Hezbollah , and attack Israel as "  the real enemy . " In New York , Sheherazad Jaafari , daughter of Syrian Ambassador to the U.N. Bashar Jaafari , provided advice on al-Assad 's public image abroad while occasionally sending overtly sexual notes calling the ruler "  handsome " and "  cute . " As regime forces shelled the flashpoint city of Homs in late January , Jaafari appears to plead for a meeting with the president : "  I am coming today . I will arrive there tomorrow . and i wan na see after tomorrow . I CANT wait . no excuses :D ... miss uuu please please please . " Clinton urges al-Assad to heed Arab League Among the few e-mail responses sent by al-Assad , it appears the isolated ruler is more preoccupied flirting with his British-born wife , Asma , than responding to adulation from other women . "  If we are strong together , we will overcome this together ... I love you ... " al-Assad wrote his wife the day the Arab League suspended its monitoring mission in Syria because of a spike in violence . Days later , the 46-year-old ophthalmologist-turned-autocrat doodled an elaborate sketch of a large pink and red heart on an iPad and e-mailed it to his first lady . Asma , who boasts in one e-mail to a friend that she is the "  REAL dictator " in her relationship , reciprocates the affection , once writing her husband a short poem . "  Sometimes at night , when I look to the sky , I start thinking of you and ask myself , why ? Why do I love you ? I think and smile , because I know the list could run on for miles . " As the president 's inbox filled with schoolyard flirtation and adoration , the regime continued a bloody campaign that the opposition says has decimated entire towns and claimed thousands of lives .	Leaked messages reveal women 's affection for Syrian president One sent a photograph allegedly showing herself in skimpy underwear Al-Assad would rather flirt with his wife , however , messages show
London  CNN  -- A 26-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the weekend vandalism of a painting by famed artist Mark Rothko at a London museum , London 's Metropolitan Police announced late Monday . The man was arrested in Worthing , on the southern coast of England , and will be brought to London on suspicion of criminal damage , a police statement said . The man was not named . The painting -- part of Rothko 's Seagram mural series -- was hanging at London 's Tate Modern museum when a man began tagging the canvas with black paint Sunday afternoon . Museum-goer Tim Wright , who witnessed the defacement and posted an image of it on Twitter , told CNN he noticed a man walk into the exhibit and thought nothing of it until he heard a "  smashing sound . " "  It was very surreal . It was n't something we expected to see . One minute he sat down , and the next minute he put his foot over the barrier , " Wright said . He said he and his girlfriend saw the man as he finished up the tag and then made his getaway . They stayed at the exhibit while a group of nearby women went to find museum staff . An alarm soon went off , and the museum was evacuated . Wright said he and his girlfriend gave a description of the event to a museum employee . "  It 's just not the thing you expect to see in an art gallery , " Wright said . "  I 've never seen anything like it . It 's quite shocking , actually . " Rothko , a Russian-American abstract expressionist , was commissioned to do a series of paintings for the Four Seasons restaurant of the Seagram building in New York in 1958 . Though he started the series of murals , he famously reneged , deciding the swanky New York restaurant was n't an appropriate home for his art . Rothko rejected the commission but completed paintings stemming from the project , many of which made their way into the halls of museums . The murals arrived in London as Rothko killed himself in 1970 and have been on display at many of the Tate 's locations , as well as the National Gallery of Art in Washington . Rothko 's children , Kate Rothko Prizel and Christopher Rothko , said in a statement that they were thankful for the support of others after the incident . "  The Rothko family is greatly troubled by yesterday 's occurrence but has full confidence that the Tate Gallery will do all in its power to remedy the situation , " the family said . "  Our father donated his legendary Seagram paintings to the museum in 1969 sensing the commitment of the institution to his work and impressed by the warm embrace it had received from the British public . We are heartened to have felt that embrace again in the outpouring of distress and support that we and our father have received both directly and in public forums . " CNN 's Susannah Palk and Sari Zeidler contributed to this report .	British police make an arrest in Rothko defacement A man painted on of the famed artist 's Seagram murals on Sunday The painting was hanging in London 's Tate Modern museum , which was closed after the incident
CNN  -- Like many aspiring singers on YouTube , 17-year-old Carley Allison has uploaded several videos of herself belting out covers and original songs . But her most popular YouTube video , which was later posted on CNN iReport , was shot just after doctors sliced a hole in her neck . A golf-ball-sized tumor -- what turned out to be an extremely rare cancer -- was causing her to have difficulty breathing , and she needed an emergency tracheotomy . Even after the tracheotomy , she could still sing . "  Music has been my passion ever since I was young , " the Toronto resident wrote on her blog . "  I started taking guitar lessons when I was 11 years old , and I 've been singing for as long as I can remember . " Allison hopes that , despite the tumor , she 'll still be able to pursue singing as a career . The diagnosis Music was n't always the primary focus of Allison 's life . She initially hoped to become a competitive figure skater , training six days a week for more than five years . The intense training was something she learned from her mother , who was an Olympic marathon runner in 1996 . It was through skating that Allison first suspected something might be wrong . "  Her skating coach noticed that just walking up a flight of stairs , she 'd breathe hard , " said her mother , May Allison . It seemed unusual that such a young athlete might have trouble breathing . Allison and her family went for a year believing -- as doctors told them -- that she had asthma . But a CT scan in February revealed a clear cell sarcoma outside the trachea . Allison knew her skating career would be put on hold . Teen with cancer blogs her bucket list A rediscovered passion Without skating to fill her time , Allison turned her efforts to singing . She has uploaded seven videos to YouTube in the past year , where she has nearly 50,000 views . "  Everything happens for a reason , " she said of her condition . "  It was an easy switch to put music as the biggest thing in my life right now ... and my music has taken off , which is nice . " In April , her videos received the notice of actress and pop star Selena Gomez . Gomez tweeted , "  Carley Allison you are so strong girl . Love you ! And praying for you . Keep singing . " The words echo many of the comments on Allison 's YouTube and Twitter pages -- and helped her singing videos take off online . She has certainly followed Gomez 's advice , too . Singing is "  therapeutic for her in a way , " said her mother . May Allison believes this is the best way her daughter has found to deal with the fact that she has a hole in her trachea and her hair has been shaved down , and it 's how she has chosen to express herself . Her daughter put it this way : "  Before February 4 , my biggest problem was trying to find a prom dress . " May Allison added , "  She wants to make something of  her condition  instead of moping around . " Allison 's focus on singing is n't unusual for a patient , said Dr. Michael E. Kupferman of the MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston . He has seen others with cancer turn to creative outlets . "  Any kind of devastating medical situation will make people more introspective , " he explained . "  Artists ' careers have sometimes evolved having gone through cancer . I 've seen patients find that creativity to express themselves whether in music or in art . We 've seen that for millennia . It changes the tenor of their art and productivity . " What the future holds Will Allison still be able to belt out her songs in the same way when her cancer is eventually surgically removed ? Luckily , "  her vocal cords are not involved with the tumor , " according to her mother . Teen beating the odds after brain injury However , she added , "  The one side that the tumor 's on , the vocal cord nerve may be affected by the tumor . It 's very difficult to tell on the CT scan . We 're hoping the chemotherapy will help the situation . " Allison herself maintains a positive attitude . "  There is a smaller chance there may be some permanent damage , but I try not to think about that , " she said . Early on , there were some fears as well . Allison admitted that she was originally scared by her diagnosis after searching online . She has since mostly stayed away from searching for information on her illness . When the family learned about the tumor , May Allison said she and her husband got choked up . "  Carley  turned to us in a calm voice and said she was glad it was her and not anyone else in the family , because she knew she could handle it . " Despite being told there was a 5 % chance that chemotherapy would affect a tumor in the trachea , the tumor has become softer since treatment and has moved away from the thyroid gland , which makes it easier to remove surgically . No matter what happens , Allison still plans to pursue her passions . She 's still thinking about a possible singing career , despite the fact that she had to cancel an audition for Boston 's Berklee College of Music a few days after she was diagnosed . She looks forward to getting back on the ice one day as well . It 's that unstoppable attitude that has been the most inspirational to witness , her mother said . "  From an early age , Carley always knew what she wanted and had no fear trying to get it , " she said . "  For her , every day presents a new opportunity to take a step closer . The interesting thing about Carley is that she actually enjoys the journey as much as achieving her goals . When things do n't go according to plan , she rallies quickly and moves on . She has the ability to make anything fun and finds it very difficult to sit still . " "  She 's been able to touch people , " May Allison added . "  Her public school raised $ 5,000 in a fundraiser for  Toronto 's  Sick Kids Hospital where she 's having her chemotherapy . There are thousands of dollars coming into Princess Margaret Hospital where she has the link on her blog . She 's very proud of that . " In the meantime , Allison continues to inspire people on social media with her positive attitude . "  For me to be able to reach out to other people throughout all this has been great , " she said . "  People want to hear from me and hear my music right now so it keeps me happy . I cherish every moment . I have a different perspective on everything now . In the end , I think it will make me a better person . " 36 stories that prove citizen journalism matters	Carley Allison has a cancerous tumor in her trachea Allison shared videos of herself singing on YouTube and CNN iReport Her videos received the attention of actress and pop star Selena Gomez She is eager to get back on the ice one day , but is pursuing singing as a career
Wichita , Kansas  CNN  -- At a table in Caffe Moderne , a coffee bar in downtown Wichita , sat a couple of young Kansans sipping coffee and working away on Macbook Pros . Terms like "  content management systems " and "  web integration " floated in the air as Clint Brauer taught a local about his business . Thirteen years ago , Brauer could n't wait to get out of the Sunflower State . "  I just did n't see the opportunities in Kansas , " he said . "  I grew up in a small town outside of Wichita , went to Kansas State ... and so I moved to the West Coast to get into high tech . " Brauer traveled from the prairie to the Hollywood Hills and spent his 20s living the kind of life he 'd fantasized about while growing up in the small town of Haven . "  It was a really exciting time . Life was about work . " Brauer worked , made a career in consulting , and became the managing editor of Cyberread , an e-book company . The coasts have always held a great deal of appeal for techies . Los Angeles and San Francisco , California , and New York and Washington are hubs for the young and cyber-savvy . 100 best places to live A generation of young workers flocked there at the turn of the millennium , drawn by job opportunities and the fast-paced lifestyle that the big cities provide . But the priorities of a 30-year-old can be dramatically different from those of a 20-something . "  I started realizing that while I loved what I did , I wanted more balance . My goal was n't to become the CEO of a Fortune 500 company anymore but to have a better quality of life . " A change was coming for Brauer , and fortunately the Web would provide . "  I 'm OK that I do n't have three different Cuban restaurants to choose from , " he jokes . "  Some folks could n't deal with it , but I like going out to the country , going out to the lake , and enjoying the open skies . " Not surprisingly , salaries in the heartland 's Silicon Prairie are generally lower than California 's Silicon Valley or New York 's Silicon Alley . The average salary for software engineers in New York City is $ 97,370 ; in California , it 's $ 109,000 . In Kansas , the average salary for the job is $ 85,000 , according to federal stats . But if you factor in the Midwest 's dramatically lower cost of living , the possible benefits become clear . "  As high technology has become more interwoven with everything in our lives , there are bits and pieces of these industries in virtually every city , " said Mark Vitner , an economist with Wells Fargo . "  We 're getting to the point now that the jobs are spreading out across the country from Silicon Valley and New York . " The next Silicon Valley ? It may be New York Midwestern tech is coming into its own . Jeff Slobotski produces an event called Big Omaha that includes more than 500 of the region 's workers from Nebraska , Missouri , Kansas and Iowa . The annual event just took place in May . "  We 've got a real healthy and growing community , " said Slobotski , innovation director at the AIM Institute -- a nonprofit membership organization for IT leadership . Recent jobs for developers , coders for backend structures , as well as traditional corporate IT jobs have been filled recently by workers from the coasts , he said . Slobotski , who runs a blog called "  Silicon Prairie News " said high-tech talent and ideas are thriving in the region many coastal residents snidely refer to as "  flyover country . " Some of the newer companies in Nebraska include Agile Sports / Hudl in Lincoln , and Hayneedle.com and Rockdex in Omaha . Biotech and green-tech industries are "  still in the discovery stage , " he said . "  People are talking about how to grow that . " In Silicon Valley , longtime human resources executive Aryae Coopersmith of HR Forums has noticed a change in the past year . "  Now that the economy is waking up a little bit and there 's more hiring , our members have shifted from few concerns about retaining employees to new concerns about retaining employees , " said Coopersmith . The work-life balance in middle America could be more appealing , and there are benefits to being a bigger fish in a smaller pond . A lot of the growth is spurred on by people like Brauer , who returned to Kansas with a decade of experience and a phone full of business contacts . "  I 'd been sourcing people from all over the world for the last decade , so working for them did n't necessitate being in L.A. " The nature of the new economy and the technological advances of the past ten years meant that he could be based anywhere and work for clients worldwide . "  I remember one day sitting on a tractor at my parents ' and needing to be on a conference call -- with clients in India . I turned down the motor , and since I had good cell service , I did it right there . " "  Business is going fine , it can be done . It 's a little bit more difficult to grow your business but your costs are so low -LSB- in Kansas -RSB- , your personal burn rate is much lower , " said Brauer . "  I 'm at peace out here . "	High tech workers on U.S. coasts moving to heartland for better lifestyle Recent openings include developers , backend coders , traditional IT positions Salaries can be 25 percent lower in some regions , but so is cost of living Consultant Clint Brauer left California for Kansas : "  I 'm at peace out here "
CNN  -- With nearly 86,000 people evacuated from fire-ravaged regions , Russian authorities said Sunday that firefighters were gaining control over blazes sweeping across thousands of acres in western Russia . "  Despite complicated weather conditions , the situation is under control thanks to preventive measures and efforts taken by the Russian Emergencies Ministry , " a spokesman for the ministry told the Itar-Tass news agency . At least 28 people have been killed and thousands left homeless by the wildfires , which are among the worst ever to hit western Russia . No fire-related deaths were reported since Friday , officials said Sunday . Two firefighters were among the dead , Itar-Tass reported , citing the Emergency Ministry . Latest figures from the ministry showed that 128,500 hectares  317,530 acres  were burned or had burned , and 774 "  hotbeds of wildfire " were counted as of 6 a.m. Sunday . About half the fires had either been extinguished or contained , the ministry spokesman said . "  The most difficult situation with wildfires remains in the Nizhny Novgorod , Vladimir and Voronezh regions and the Republic of Mordovia , where fires threaten several populated settlements , " the ministry 's information department said . A hot , dry summer has been a key factor in the fires , drying out large parts of land and igniting the peat bogs that lie all over central Russia . Moscow , Russia , hit a temperature of 39 Celsius  102 Fahrenheit  on Thursday , the highest temperature since records began in 1879 . The fires have destroyed more than 1,200 homes , the ministry said , and nearly 5,000 people have been left homeless . CNN 's Matthew Chance reported from the village of Maslovka , Russia , near Voronezh , that almost every house in the village of 500 people had burned to the ground . All the residents of Maslovka had been evacuated to nearby hotels . A resident of Maslovka named Nina told Chance she had returned to the village after the fire to sift through the rubble of the house where she was born . For 50 years , she said , she lived under the same roof . A few days ago , the wildfires were swept by high winds to the village and quickly engulfed her house . Now there was nothing left . Even the clothes she was wearing were not hers -- they had been given to her by a neighbor . As Nina told her story , an elderly woman walked from behind a broken wall , wailing with tears . Nina said the woman was her mother , devastated she had lost the home where she raised her family . Russia 's government has vowed to compensate the more than 1,870 families whose houses have been burned down . Amid complaints , Russian President Dmitry Medvedev has ordered regional governors to speed up the compensation process . The Kremlin has called the wildfires a natural disaster of the kind that appear every 30 or 40 years . Critics , meanwhile , accuse local authorities of mismanaging the response . Desperate to control the blazes , Russia says its deployed nearly a quarter of a million people to fight the fires . But around Voronezh , many of the firefighters that Chance saw were just volunteers with buckets .	About half of the hundreds of wildfires in Russia are extinguished or contained At least 28 people -- including two firefighters -- are dead In one village , all 500 residents have been evacuated , and nearly every house is burned
Paris , France  CNN  -- Nearly 10 years after the deadly crash of an Air France Concorde jet , a trial began Tuesday to determine who 's to blame for the doomed flight . The judge began the trial by reading out the names of all 113 people who were killed when the plane burst into flames and smashed into a hotel on July 25 , 2000 . Three French people responsible for the design , testing and certification of the Concorde face charges of involuntary manslaughter . Also on trial are Continental Airlines and two of its American employees , accused of the same crime because a Continental Airlines jet was found to have played a key role in the crash . The Americans were not present for the opening day . The head of an organization representing the victims of disasters criticized the trial as it began . Stephane Giquel of Fenvac said the trial would be a dehumanized battle of experts as Continental and Air France sought to blame each other . Air France is not on trial . A lawyer representing Continental said Concorde 's problems were apparent decades before the crash . Then-French President Valery Giscard d'Estaing told his Council of Ministers in 1980 that the Concorde needed to be improved , lawyer Olivier Metzner said Tuesday . Jacques Chirac , who was president at the time of the Concorde crash , saw it take place and reportedly said Concorde is dead , Metzner said . In fact , that is what Giscard d'Estaing should have said in 1980 , he argued . Metzner said the trial should be suspended because it is not fair to Continental , but presiding judge Dominique Andreassier said she would not rule on the request until after some expert testimony , which could take months . An investigation revealed a tragic chain of events that brought down Air France Flight 4590 shortly after takeoff from Paris ' Charles de Gaulle airport : A tire under the left wing blew on takeoff when it struck a small strip of titanium metal on the runway . The blown tire sent debris into the wing , causing the fuel tank to rupture and sparking the catastrophic fire that led to the crash , which killed 100 passengers , nine crew and four people on the ground . Metzner said the plane was on fire before it hit the metal fragment . According to the charges , the Concorde engineers on trial could have acted much earlier to correct well-known design flaws in the plane , whose tanks had insufficient protection from debris . Prosecutors are likely to present evidence that because of its higher-than-normal takeoff speeds , there were more than 60 tire blowouts over the Concorde 's 25 years in the air . Only one Concorde ever crashed . The titanium strip that is said to have played a major role in the crash allegedly fell off a Continental DC-10 , which took off just before the Concorde . Judicial investigators say the strip was improperly installed on the DC-10 engine , prompting the charges against the airline and two of its employees . Air France and British Airways introduced supersonic commercial service in 1976 , but the disaster , combined with high maintenance costs and falling passenger numbers , led both airlines to retire the Concorde fleet in 2003 . The trial is expected to last about four months . CNN 's Jim Bittermann and Alix Bayle contributed to this report	NEW : Lawyer urges suspension of trial ; judge wants expert testimony Concorde jet crashed in 2000 , killing 113 people Five people , Continental Airlines on trial for involuntary manslaughter 2004 investigation found thin metal strip caused tire to burst
CNN  -- A solitary goal from Karim Benzema kept Real Madrid in touch with league leaders Barcelona on Sunday night as Jose Mourinho 's side overcame Mallorca 1-0 at the Bernabeu . The French striker 's left-footed effort in the 61st minute ensured Madrid returned to winning ways after a disappointing draw against Almeria last weekend . Mourinho casts doubt on Madrid future Madrid squandered a host of chances to make the game completely safe and could have dropped further league points as Mallorca put up a spirited fight . Emilio Nsue hit the post after 13 minutes and goalkeeper Iker Casillas saved smartly from Pierre Webo moments before the final whistle . But the home side held on and the win means they remain four points behind Barcelona -- who won comfortably against Racing Santander on Saturday . Barcelona extend La Liga lead Villarreal came from a goal down to beat Real Sociedad 2-1 and reclaim third place in the table . A brace by Giuseppe Rossi either side of halftime rescued the home side after they fell behind to a Mikel Aranburu goal in the 30th minute . In La Liga 's other matches , Almeria beat Osasuna 3-2 to lift themselves off the bottom of the table . Argentine striker Jose Ulloa scored twice to earn the home side their first home league win of the season as they moved up to 18th . Fellow strugglers Real Zaragoza also received a boost with a 1-0 win over Deportivo La Coruna . Said Boutahar 's superb free kick seven minutes before halftime was enough to lift them out of the bottom three . Deportivo remain in 13th place . At the other end of the table , Espanyol consolidated fifth place with a 3-1 win at Getafe . The away side had to come from behind after Venezuelan striker Miku Flores put Getafe ahead in the 13th minute . All three of Espanyol 's goals came in a frantic 11-minute period after the break . Luis Garcia put them on level terms in the 52nd minute . Seven minutes later Jose Callejon put them ahead and Sergio Garcia added a third in the 63rd minute to stun the home fans . Atletico Madrid lost ground on the Champions League places as they slumped to a 1-0 defeat at Sporting Gijon -- David Barral 's goal in the 51st minute proving enough to sink last year 's Europa League champions .	Real Madrid back to winning ways with 1-0 win over Mallorca Benzema 's 61st minute strike sees Jose Mourinho 's side keep touch with leaders Barcelona Almeria win lifts them off bottom of table ; Atletico Madrid lose 1-0 to Sporting Gijon
Tokyo  CNN  -- Engineers used a flying drone to peer into the damaged reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant Sunday as the crisis spurred more than 2,000 people to march against nuclear energy in Tokyo . "  I was just a couch potato critic , but here we are today with friends for the first time , and I 'm sure it 's the first time for a lot of people today , " said Karima Asuma Stickan , one of the protesters . Monday marks a full month in the battle to prevent a worse disaster at Fukushima Daiichi , which was battered by the earthquake and resulting tsunami that struck northern Japan on March 11 . Japan 's largest utility , Tokyo Electric Power Company , has been struggling to cool down three damaged reactors and prevent a wider release of radioactivity than has already occurred . Improvisation , frustration in week four of crisis A camera was mounted on a remote-controlled helicopter to get pictures of the damaged reactors from above Sunday in hopes of getting a better look at the damaged housings of the No. 1 , 3 and 4 reactors and hopefully the pools of spent fuel inside , company spokesman Junichi Matsumoto said . The drone hovered over the plant for 28 minutes at an altitude of about 150 meters  492 feet  , he said . The T-Hawk drone , built by the U.S. company Honeywell , can transmit ordinary pictures as well as infrared images , Matsumoto told reporters . Images captured by the drone are expected to be released Monday , he said . In addition , the company is now using remote-controlled heavy machinery to clear away debris outside the plant and has begun the process of laying new pipes to start pumping radioactive water out of the flooded basements of the turbine plants behind units 1 through 3 . Driving into Japan 's radiation zone One worker fell ill during the work on Sunday , the company said . The man , in his 30s , was placing hoses for collecting the contaminated water from reactor No. 2 when he became ill , nearly two hours into his shift . The subcontractor was taken to a hospital , where he was diagnosed with exhaustion , Tokyo Electric said . He was exposed to 4.82 millisieverts of radiation , but no radioactive substances were found on his body . His cumulative exposure is 16 millisieverts , well below the 250-millisievert limit for workers in the plant . He was with a group of 30 subcontractors working in the area , and was wearing protective gear , the company said . Japan launches new search for quake victims The man had been working four-hour shifts since March 23 , Tokyo Electric said . It was unclear whether he had received a day off . Meanwhile , two of the world 's largest concrete pumps were en route to Japan on Sunday as part of the effort to help resolve the crisis . The pumps left the United States on Saturday -- one from Los Angeles and the other from Atlanta , said Bill Dwyer , vice president of sales and marketing for Putzmeister America , the pumps ' manufacturer . Although the pumps were built to pump concrete , they can be modified to pump water at high pressure , with a 230-feet reach and "  pinpoint accuracy , " Dwyer said Sunday . "  It allows workers to work from a greater distance , " he said . One pump is set to arrive in Japan on Monday and the second on Tuesday , he said . Workers have been pouring hundreds of tons of fresh water a day into the three damaged reactors and the spent fuel pools of units 1-4 to keep them cool until normal circulation systems can be restored . The No. 2 reactor is believed to be leaking highly radioactive water , some of which had been spilling into the Pacific until Wednesday , while flooded basements in the turbine plants of all three units are making it impossible to restore power , company officials say . To make room for the fluid , Tokyo Electric has been dumping less contaminated water into the Pacific Ocean from a waste treatment facility on the site . That process -- which also includes the release of radioactive water from the drainage basins beneath reactors 5 and 6 -- was nearly complete Sunday evening , Japan 's Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency reported . The radioactive particles in the water are dispersing into the ocean . But concentrations of radioactive iodine-131 remained 25 times higher than the Japanese legal standard in water sampled 16 kilometers  10 miles  south of the plant on Saturday . That 's down from 93 times the limit on Wednesday , according to sampling data released Sunday . Levels of longer-lived cesium-137 , which takes 30 years to lose half its radioactivity , remained nearly six times the legal limit but well below levels reported earlier this week . The discharge was billed as an emergency measure , but it infuriated Japan 's fishing industry and drew protests from neighboring South Korea . And participants in Sunday 's protest in Shiba Park , at the foot of the landmark Tokyo Tower , expressed concern about the long-term effects of the radioactive releases so far . Japanese turn in cash found in tsunami zone "  The air pollution gets into the lungs , " said Dr. Nobuhiko Murapsu , a pulmonary care physician from Chiba Prefecture , north of Tokyo . "  Five years , 10 , 20 years later , they get lung cancer . This is a very severe problem . " Murapsu said he 's changed his views on nuclear power since the accident and decided to join the demonstration . Protesters marched from the park , ringed with cherry blossoms , to Tokyo Electric 's headquarters and on to the Ministry of the Economy , Trade and Industry , which regulates Japanese nuclear power plants . Makiko Mikami told CNN that no one believes they 're getting enough answers from either the utility or the government . "  The problem is , I think I 'm not sure they know the whole picture themselves , " Mikami said . "  If they know , they should share that information with us . And if they do n't , they should admit that they 're scared as well . " Susan Olson and Yuki Arakawa contributed to this report for CNN	NEW : Large pumps set to arrive in Japan this week A plant worker falls ill and is diagnosed with exhaustion Engineers hope the drone will give them a better picture of the reactors More than 2,000 people protest against nuclear power in Tokyo
CNN  -- New Zealander Warren Gatland was appointed head coach of the British and Irish Lions Tuesday ahead of the rugby team 's tour of Australia next year . The Wales coach , whose confirmation in the role was delayed after breaking both his heels in an accident in April , will start his role with immediate effect -- but has arranged to lead out the Welsh for two final matches against New Zealand and Australia in late 2012 . The 2013 tour will mark the 125th anniversary of the Lions , who are a selection of the best players from the England , Ireland , Scotland and Wales . The tours only take place once every four years , with the destinations rotating between Australia , New Zealand and South Africa . The 48-year-old , who has spent over two decades working in British rugby , is only the second man from outside the United Kingdom to be appointed to lead the Lions -- following in the footsteps of compatriot Graham Henry , who led the team in 2001 . "  I am really honored to have been asked to take the position of head coach for the 2013 British & Irish Lions Tour to Australia , " Gatland told gathered reporters . "  A Lions tour is unique . It is the ultimate career pinnacle for coaches and players . I want to ensure that we get the tour environment right so that we are hugely competitive and that our fans are proud of their team . " Gatland worked as an assistant coach when the Lions last traveled , which ended with a 2-1 series defeat to South Africa in 2009 . There will once again be three decisive games against Australia , taking place in Brisbane , Melbourne and Sydney , but the tour will incorporate a total of ten matches in all -- taking in games against regional and clubs sides to warm up for the international tests . Australia , who have won the World Cup on two occasions  in 1991 and 1999  , are currently ranked No. 2 in the world behind the New Zealand "  All Blacks " , who won last year 's World Cup on home soil . The Lions have lost their last three tours to Australia and New Zealand and were last successful there back in 1989 . "  There is no question it will be one hell of a challenge , " Gatland added . "  Playing in the southern hemisphere is one of rugby 's hardest challenges . " After winning two Six Nations titles with Wales , as well as steering English club side Wasps to European glory , Gatland 's potential role as Lions coach was thrown into doubt when breaking his heels after falling while cleaning windows at his beach house in New Zealand . He needed reconstructive surgery to repair his right leg , but Lions tour manager Andy Irvine is convinced he will be up to the arduous task . "  It has been no secret that after the initial selection process Warren was our preferred candidate , " Irvine said . "  However , his unfortunate accident earlier this year in New Zealand during the selection process did delay the appointment . We naturally had to ensure he would be fit to take up the post . Those concerns have now been addressed . " Gatland 's assistant Rob Howley will begin his role as Wales caretaker coach for November 's Tests against Argentina and Samoa , ahead of next year 's Six Nations campaign .	Warren Gatland will coach British & Irish Lions for Australia 2013 tour New Zealander is only second man from outside British Isles to lead Lions Appointment was delayed after Gatland broke both heels in accident in April Rob Howley set to take charge of Wales as caretaker coach
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Some experts are skeptical that anything could have stopped Robert Hawkins from going on a murderous rampage at an Omaha , Nebraska , shopping mall on Wednesday . A police car sits outside the Westroads Mall in Omaha , Nebraska , on Thursday . "  This is not something that anybody can reasonably anticipate , " said Don Greene , a former FBI agent who has written a book on mall security . "  If the people closest to him did n't see any indicators or signs that he was going to go off so drastically ... how is some public safety officer supposed to recognize this person ? " Greene asked . In fact , security at Omaha 's Westroads Mall did find Hawkins ' behavior suspicious before the shooting , Omaha Police Chief Thomas Warren said Thursday . Mall surveillance initially flagged Hawkins "  based on his actions " when he entered the mall through the Von Maur store 's main entrance on the second floor , Warren said . He said Hawkins exited quickly after entering , then re-entered within six minutes and appeared to be concealing something in a balled-up sweatshirt . He then went up the elevator to the third floor , and when he got there , he immediately began firing , Warren said . "  It does n't appear as though there was an opportunity for intervention , " he said . Shopping malls around the country were expected to review their emergency plans and consider additional security measures in light of Wednesday 's shooting , which killed eight . Watch what experts say about keeping malls safe " "  There is always a fear of copycats when something like this happens , " said Malachy Kavanaugh , spokesman for the International Council of Shopping Centers . He said malls would be considering whether to close some entrances , bring in additional officers , and make security more visible . There are 1,200 enclosed malls in the United States and about 50,000 shopping centers . Although some include police substations , most are patrolled by unarmed private mall and store security guards . Should these private security guards be armed ? "  Absolutely not , " said Greene . Greene said if a security officer were to pull a gun on an armed individual in a mall , it could result in "  the gunfight at the ` OK corral , ' and then we might have 23 people killed instead of eight . " "  These random events are very challenging to prevent and difficult to deal with when they occur . Law enforcement and security prevention measures , no matter how good , can not forestall a tragedy such as this from happening , " said a statement issued Wednesday night by the Simon Property Group , which operates regional and outlet malls across the United States . "  We do not disclose or discuss our enhanced security measures and/or procedures that we have in place or may institute at any given time , some of which are visible to the public , with others intentionally less noticeable , " the statement said . "  Disclosure of such information could potentially compromise our efforts to provide a safe and secure environment . " Security expert Lou Palumbo told CNN one useful strategy was having trained law enforcement personnel watching people as they enter the mall . "  You start to observe the people coming into the mall area , " he said . "  To let them in your door and then try to figure out what they 're doing , you know , it 's not as effective as catching them as they 're coming in the door . " The International Council of Shopping Centers has conducted focus groups with shoppers to test how they would react to even tighter "  airport style " security measures , including bag checks and magnetometers . According to Kavanaugh , the results have shown that shoppers would accept the measures only if the national threat advisory system was raised to its highest level , red . Such extreme measures are "  in the mall industry playbook ... but it is something no one wants to do , " said Kavanaugh . While some mall owners have increased training of security personnel and have upgraded their emergency systems , many security experts believe more should and can be done . Those experts suggest it 's a matter of money . They say until shoppers start staying away , mall owners will not make significant changes . There are no national standards for security guards , and according to a 2006 study by the Police Foundation , only a few states require background checks , minimum hiring standards , or training . The study also notes that drills to test security staffs ' knowledge of what to do in an emergency , when done at all , "  are seldom rigorous , seldom done with first responders , and are usually done without clear standards to measure their success . " The report goes on to say that "  many malls do not even have plans to limit access to sensitive areas in times of heightened alert . " Since that report was written , the International Council of Shopping Centers , in conjunction with George Washington University , has developed a DVD to train mall security guards . According to Kavanaugh , about 6,000 of the nation 's estimated 20,000 mall security guards have participated in the course , including 10 at Westroads Mall , where Wednesday 's shootings took place . The FBI and other federal agencies have reached out to private security firms to share information on best practices . The FBI also sends out alerts regarding possible threats to the private sector -- but warnings of possible terrorist plans are clearly of no help in anticipating an attacker like Hawkins . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Jeanne Meserve , Eliott McLaughlin and Kelli Arena contributed to this report .	Malls expected to assess security arrangements in wake of Wednesday shooting Gunman at Omaha , Nebraska , mall killed 8 people and himself Some security experts say such incidents are impossible to anticipate Study by Police Foundation says training drills for mall guards are inadequate
CNN  -- The World Cup is upon us , and for the next month , there will be a significant uptick in the number of folks skipping work , watching games in the break room and wildly mispronouncing Eastern European surnames . Want to get in on the fun surrounding this quadrennial event that stokes the intensest of passions while doing considerable damage to some countries ' gross domestic products for the month ? Here are some fun facts to get you started : Let the games begin The host country , Brazil , will kick off the action against Croatia at 4 p.m. ET Thursday in Sao Paulo . The Brazilian squad is a heavy favorite , but Croatia is no slouch , boasting several stars who play in Europe 's top leagues . Keep an eye on one of them just before kickoff : forward Eduardo da Silva . Born in the slums outside Rio de Janeiro , he now plays for the Croatian national team , and his mother reportedly says he intends to sing both countries ' national anthems . 64 games , like March Madness , but not There is only one game on the first day of the Cup , but between Thursday and June 26 , all 32 teams who qualified will play three games each in what is known as the group stage . Garnering three points for every win and a point for every tie , the teams will be whittled down to the best 16 -- two from each of the eight groups . They will then face off in a do-or-die knockout round beginning June 28 . Your March Madness bracket ? Yeah , it will look like that , but with a quarter of the teams . The final is July 13 . Only world war can stop it The World Cup has been held every four years since 1930 with the exception of 1942 and 1946 , when it was canceled because of World War II . This will be the 20th World Cup . It 's the eighth time it 's been held in South or North America and the second time in Brazil , the first one being 64 years ago . Only South American teams have won World Cups held in the New World , and the last South American World Cup was won by Argentina on home soil in 1978 . Speaking of winners There is n't much parity to the World Cup . In fact , only eight teams have won it . England , France and defending champion Spain have won it once each . Argentina and Uruguay have won it twice . West Germany has held the trophy aloft three times , Italy has claimed victory four times and Brazil has won it five times . Hmm . Why on Earth do the Brazilians need home-field advantage again ? It 's not all fun and games Allegations of corruption within world soccer 's governing body , FIFA , and class warfare within the host nation are casting a pall over the Cup , though do n't expect it to dampen fans ' fervor once the teams take the pitch . Specifically , a key sponsor , Sony , is demanding an investigation into the controversial award of the 2022 World Cup to Qatar , and in Brazil , protesters are asking why an emerging nation is spending billions on hosting a football tournament rather than using it to alleviate poverty .	Croatia 's Brazilian-born Eduardo da Silva reportedly will sing both national anthems Group stage whittles teams down to 16 , which then enter March Madness-style bracket Since 1930 , World Cup has been held every four years except in 1942 and 1946 Only eight teams have won Cup ; Brazil has won five and now has home-field advantage
CNN  -- Three people were shot to death in Chicago on Friday and Saturday , one week after a spate of Fourth of July violence left nine dead in the city . Chicago Police Department News Affairs Officer Veejay Zala said the most recent death occurred when a man , 28 , was shot in the back on West Devon Avenue about 3:20 p.m. Saturday . Police said he was standing on the street when an unknown person killed him . That killing may be gang-related , Zala said . On Friday , a 27-year-old man was killed and a woman wounded in domestic violence on South Rockwell Street , he said . Also Friday , a man , 32 , was killed on West Quincy Street in a possible drive-by shooting , Zala said . Over the Fourth of July weekend , nine people were killed and more than 60 wounded , police said . Chicago Police Superintendent Garry McCarthy said in eight incidents , police fired guns at suspects or were fired upon . In two incidents , police shot and killed the suspects , both of whom were 16 , he said . McCarthy said lax state and federal gun laws played a part in the high rate of violence .	Two men shot to death Friday , one on Saturday afternoon Nine killed , 60 wounded over Fourth of July weekend Police superintendent blames lax state and federal gun laws
Remember "  peak oil " ? Five years ago , some oil market speculators became convinced that the world was nearing the limits of oil production . Sometime soon -- the 2010s ? the 2020s ? -- oil production would begin a long steady decline . Think again . World oil production continues to rise . Leading the oil renaissance : the United States . The International Energy Agency predicts that the United States will overtake Saudi Arabia and Russia to become  again !  the world 's leading oil producer by 2017 . If the agency 's estimates prove correct , the United States and Canada together will become net energy exporters by about 2030 , and the U.S. , which uses 20 % of the world 's energy , will achieve energy self-sufficiency by the mid-2030s . Predictions that the world would imminently "  run out of oil " have been worrying oil consumers since at least the 1920s . They always prove wrong , for reasons explained by the great oil economist M.A. Adelman after the last "  oil shortage " in the 1970s : Oil reserves , Adelman writes , "  are no gift of nature . They  are  a growth of knowledge , paid for by heavy investment . " For all practical purposes , the world 's supply of oil is not finite . It is more like a supermarket 's supply of canned tomatoes . At any given moment , there may be a dozen cases in the store , but that inventory is constantly being replenished with the money the customers pay for the cans they remove , and the more tomatoes that customers buy , the bigger an inventory the store will carry . Someday , of course , consumers will decide they want less oil at the current price . Someday we may move beyond oil altogether . When that day comes , the investment will stop -- and nobody will ever know or care how much oil remains in the ground . Adelman 's assessment is being corroborated once more , this time in Mexico . Mexican oil production has been declining over the past decade , mostly because of under-investment and mismanagement by the state oil monopoly , Pemex .  On January 31 , a deadly tragedy reminded the world of Pemex 's troubles when a methane leak in a Pemex building in downtown Mexico City exploded , killing more than 30 people and injuring 120 others . In October , Pemex announced discovery of a big new field in the Gulf of Mexico . Newly elected Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto is urging his country to amend its constitution to allow foreign investment in Mexican oil fields . Experts assess that opening the Mexican oil industry to global investment will revive Mexican oil production and boost Mexico 's economic growth by potentially 2 points a year . Nieto 's PRI party -- the very party that nationalized Mexican oil 80 years ago -- is expected to vote this weekend to approve the new policy . Meanwhile , the International Energy Agency is warning oil markets to ready themselves for a "  flood " of cheap oil from Iraq . Last year , Iraq for the first time exceeded pre-1990 oil production . The agency expects Iraq eventually to overtake Russia as the world 's second-largest oil exporter . In 1972 , the year of the famous "  Limits to Growth " report by the Club of Rome , the world produced about 55 million barrels of oil per day . In 2011 , the world produced almost 80 million barrels . If today 's prices hold , many experts expect production of 90 million barrels by decade 's end . Our oil problem is not that "  we 're running out . " Our oil problem is that we 're producing so much of the stuff that we are changing the planet 's climate . Yet on the environmental front too , there 's reason for optimism . One of the technologies developed by the oil industry -- fracking -- has made available vast new supplies of cheap natural gas . Gas has become so cheap that it can be substituted for coal as an electricity-generating fuel . In just eight years , coal 's share of the U.S. electricity market has tumbled from one-half to one third -- and still falling . Gas emits only half the carbon per unit of energy of coal . The transition from coal to gas explains why U.S. carbon emissions declined 8 % from 2011 to 2012 , reaching the lowest level since 1992 . Soon the United States and Canada will be producing so much gas that they can export it to Europe , perhaps also to China , helping to cut carbon emissions in those economies as well . No , it 's not the answer to everything : Gas still emits carbon . But it 's an improvement -- and that 's how progress comes . Instead of fantasizing about catastrophes  running out of oil  and miracles  a rapid transition to solar power  , our energy thinking needs to emphasize the achievable and the incremental . Convert from coal to gas . Tax gasoline to induce people to live closer to work and to buy more fuel-efficient cars . We can enjoy a rising quality of life with declining energy inputs . Put us on the path to the right kind of "  peak oil " -- and peak carbon -- the peak that comes , not because we find less and less , but because we want less and less .	Five years ago , speculators predicted that oil production was peaking David Frum says recent evidence is that energy sources are plentiful Iraq and Mexico can produce much more oil , and United States is awash in natural gas , he says Frum : Gas surplus is enabling U.S. to reduce carbon emissions that change climate
CNN  -- This holiday season , shopping for the gamer in your life is easier -- and harder . Easier because there are so many great choices , you ca n't go wrong . Harder because , with the release of the new Wii U console and the launch of the PlayStation Vita handheld console this year , there are so many choices , you wo n't be able to pick . Check out my handy gift guide to get ideas for each type of gamer on your list : The PC gamer : The computer gamer is probably looking for one thing : more time to play . But in case you want to give them something else to distract them , "  Guild Wars 2 " is an online role-playing game that lets players dive deep into a fantasy world and have an impact with their actions . Unlike other MMORPGs , there is no monthly subscription fee , making it a great  one-time  purchase . If they missed the craze this year , pick up "  Diablo III . " Or opt for other also-on-consoles games like "  Mass Effect 3 " or "  Max Payne 3 . " If it is n't software they need , Logitech introduced a new G600 MMO gaming mouse this year , featuring three profiles , 20 programmable keys and a new sculpted shape to ease fatigue from hours of gaming . The serious gamer : The serious gamer is ready to become one with the console and be challenged with action , adventure and good storytelling . "  Dishonored " offers a play-it-your-way style split between stealth and combat . Combining that style with a good story , this title will have players diving back in after finishing their first run , just to see how their actions change the story . "  Borderlands 2 " is less about the story and more about the guns . There are tons of weapons to be discovered and used throughout Pandora . But pay attention to the dialogue -- lots of laughs among the bloodshed . If they already have the game , think about getting the downloadable content offerings to let them continue their experiences . "  Call of Duty : Black Ops II " is another selection guaranteed to tap into your gamer 's aggressive side . The vehicle combat scenarios are particularly intense . If it is mental stimulation they crave , "  XCOM : Enemy Unknown " is a turn-based game that challenges players to plan , think and enact strategies to save the world . Balancing short-term gains for long-term goals is key to success . The casual gamer : The casual gamer wants to drop into and out of games at their leisure . "  New Super Mario Bros. . U " is the flagship title for the new Wii U console and brings Mario and friends to life in high definition . The platforming action is bolder and brighter than ever as the intrepid plumber runs through worlds to save the Princess  once again  . Combining the two great franchises , "  LEGO The Lord of the Rings " mixes the classic Tolkien tale , dialogue from the Peter Jackson movies and a dash of blocky fun to create an exciting game for all ages . Pay particular attention to the funny bits during some of the more dramatic scenes . Maybe it 's racing they crave ? "  Little Big Planet Karting " puts Sackboy on the track to save the kingdom through a series of races across very non-NASCAR-sanctioned tracks . He and his racing machine can be customized so players can exercise their creativity while fulfilling their need for speed . The kid gamer : The kid  or kid-at-heart  gamer is looking for fun , excitement and a touch of something extra . Why not a physical toy that doubles as a gaming piece ? "  Skylanders Giants " extends the franchise this year with new collectable figures that connect with gaming consoles to create a sort of video game magic . The pieces are interchangeable for different gaming platforms . So if you have a PS3 version of the game , you can still take your figures over to your friend 's house to plan on an Xbox 360 . Plus , the toys can be enjoyed as action figures away from the consoles . Tapping into the magic of Harry Potter , "  Wonderbook " transforms your PlayStation 3 into an interactive storytelling machine . The first title , "  Book of Spells , " is based on the Harry Potter universe and written by J.K. Rowling . Players control the action , creating spells , fighting battles and becoming part of the story . Finally , Maxwell is back and has to travel the world to save his sister in the new "  Scribblenauts Unlimited . " The puzzle game challenges kids to come up with creative solutions to problems Maxwell faces in his journeys . Write the word in his magical notebook , and it comes to life on the screen to allow him to progress and find the magic to stop his sister from turning to stone . Still stuck ? Still not sure what to get your gamer ? Do n't worry . While it might seem like a cop-out to some , gift cards are sure to be a hit with players . This will allow them to explore their opportunities for new games , devices or downloadable content . Many shopping websites offer electronic gift certificates as well . Gift cards also work well if they have their eye on some new titles coming out in 2013 like "  BioShock Infinite , " "  Dead Space 3 " or "  Pikmin 3 . " Gamers are always looking for the next big thing . Happy holidays and happy gaming . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Larry Frum .	Larry Frum offers gift suggestions for gamers on your holiday list PC games may be happy to receive "  Guild Wars 2 " For casual gamers , "  New Super Mario Bros. . U " is a good bet Wii U and PlayStation Vita hit this market this year
CNN  -- Diplomatic tension between Brazil and Italy heightened Thursday after Brazil 's Supreme Tribunal freed a fugitive wanted for multiple killings in Italy in the 1970s . The high court 's decision appeared to put an end to years of wrangling over the fate of Cesare Battisti , who was condemned to life in prison in Italy for four murders he denies committing while a member of an extremist left-wing group . Italy 's foreign ministry responded to the Wednesday night ruling with a promise to take the issue to the International Court of Justice in The Hague , Netherlands . "  I can not but comment that today 's ruling by Brazil 's highest judicial body , apart from offending the right to justice of the victims of Battisti 's crimes , appears to run contrary to the obligations stated in the international accords that bind our two countries , which , moreover , have age-old ties of friendship and shared blood , " Italian Foreign Minister Franco Frattini said . The Brazilian judges found , by a vote of 6-3 , that former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva 's decision to deny Battisti 's extradition was "  an act of national sovereignty " that the high court could not reverse . Battisti was a member of the Armed Proletarians for Communism , or PAC , guerrilla group in Italy . He is alleged to have participated in a number of crimes , which led to his incarceration . He escaped from an Italian prison in 1981 and was granted asylum in France during the presidency of Francois Mitterrand . The so-called Mitterrand Doctrine gave asylum to all Italian militants who renounced the armed struggle . In 1998 , Battisti was tried and convicted in absentia of the four killings . For several years , France and Italy were embroiled in diplomatic spats over extradition requests . Battisti later fled to Mexico , where he continued his work as a writer of thriller novels , and subsequently to Brazil . In Brazil , his fate was oftentimes unclear . In January 2009 , the Brazilian Supreme Tribunal granted refugee status to Battisti . But later it reversed course and supported extradition , giving then-President Lula the final say . "  Italy may not like it , but will have to respect it , " Lula said at the time . "  This person is being accused of a crime which took place in 1978 , and his accuser no longer exists to prove the veracity of the facts . " Lula sided with the Italian 's claims that the conviction against him was politically motivated , and in the last days of his administration rejected the extradition . Italy protested . "  What is at stake here is an act of sovereignty of the president , " Judge Luiz Fux said . "  The Italian government has litigated against the Federal Republic of Brazil . " The point the majority made was that they were not ruling on the Battisti 's culpability in the crimes , but whether the court had the power to overrule Lula . Another judge , Ricardo Lewandowski , said that when he studied the original request for extradition , he was convinced that Battisti had indeed committed the crimes . "  But right now , this is not the issue at stake , " he said . "  I understand that the president made a political act , an act of government , which is characterized by broader discretion . " Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi "  learned with deep regret " about the court 's decision , his office said . "  The decision does take into account the legitimate expectations of the justice of the Italian people and especially of the family of Battisti 's victims , " his office said in a statement . Armed Proletarians for Communism was one of Italy 's home-grown left-wing armed groups of the 1970s . Like the infamous Red Brigades , they committed politically motivated murders on behalf of what they saw as working-class ideals . CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	Cesare Battisti faced life in prison in Italy for four alleged murders The Brazilian court upheld a decision to reject extradition Italy will turn to the International Court of Justice
CNN  -- We ca n't visit Mars  yet  , but our own planet 's unique terrain presents plenty of landscapes with an out-of-this-world feel . Here , iReporters share some of their otherworldly experiences and photos , which cover a lot of ground on Earth . Share your travel photos with CNN iReport .	iReporters share photos of Earth with an otherworldly vibe Check out our Travel Photo of the Day gallery
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Lawyers for Mel Gibson and his ex-girlfriend attended a closed hearing with a Los Angeles family court judge for two hours Thursday morning , but neither Gibson nor Oksana Grigorieva were there . Court proceedings in the custody dispute over their 8-month-old daughter are conducted "  under seal " with reporters kept waiting in the courthouse hallway . The lawyers for each side refused to address reporters ' questions as they left the hearing . Grigorieva has accused Gibson of striking her in the face , while he alleges that she attempted to extort him to keep controversial recordings of their arguments a secret . Several explosive audio recordings , purportedly between Grigorieva and Gibson , have been released online in recent days . RadarOnline released another recording Tuesday of a vicious argument said to be between Gibson and Grigorieva , in which the man is accused of striking the woman and the couple 's child -- an accusation the man does not deny . Police in Malibu Hills , California , opened an investigation earlier this month into an alleged domestic violence incident between Gibson and Grigorieva . Los Angeles County Sheriff 's spokesman Steve Whitmore said last week that the recordings "  will be part of the investigation " into the alleged domestic violence . "  In Session " correspondents have made several unsuccessful attempts to reach out to Gibson for comment and to verify whether the voice on the tapes is his . Grigorieva has filed a restraining order against Gibson , said her spokesman , Stephen Jaffe . Meanwhile , investigators are looking into the extortion allegations against Grigorieva . "  Allegations of extortion have been brought to our attention and we are certainly going to look into it , " Whitmore said Wednesday . Grigorieva 's spokesman told CNN Wednesday that she stands by an earlier statement that there is "  no credible evidence " of extortion . A source close to the investigation told CNN that Gibson 's lawyer met with Los Angeles County Sheriff 's investigators Tuesday to present evidence that Grigorieva , 40 , attempted to extort money from Gibson to keep audio recordings secret . "  To specifically address the allegations , my client , Ms. Grigorieva , has repeatedly stated that there is no credible evidence whatsoever of extortion by her , and she stands steadfastly by that statement , " Jaffe said . CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report .	NEW : Lawyers would not reveal what happened in the closed hearing Mel Gibson and his ex-girlfriend are in a bitter child custody fight Explosive audio recordings , purportedly between the couple , surfaced this month In one , the man does not deny an accusation that he struck the woman
CNN  -- One of the joys of watching FIFA 's quadrennial football fest is seeing relative unknowns -- young prospects or previously unheralded players -- come to the fore with some dazzling football . Here are 11 players who have made their mark in Brazil  or the run-up to the World Cup  , and who will leave the country with some of the world 's biggest clubs salivating over the prospect of adding these stars of the future to their rosters . Perhaps by 2018 , in Russia , these 11 will be household names -- but by then the fun of recognizing the new crop of talented stars will have begun all over again . Who do you think should be included ? Tell us in the comments below .	Spotting the stars of tomorrow is part of the fun of the World Cup Players who perform well can expect to be snapped up by big clubs for the next season Here are 11 who impressed , and who 'll be making their mark in years to come
CNN  -- At least six people were killed in bombings across the Iraqi capital , Baghdad , on Thursday , police said . Four car bombs and two roadside devices exploded in five different areas around the city . Almost all of the neighborhoods were largely Shiite . At least 21 other people were wounded , police said . The blasts came one day after deadly attacks across the country that killed 47 people and wounded more than 120 others . Political and sectarian violence has raged in the past year . There has been constant tension between Sunnis and Shiites . Many Sunnis in Iraq have felt marginalized by the largely Shiite government . The Shiites have emerged politically in the country since Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein was overthrown in 2003 . It is n't yet known who is responsible for the Thursday violence . Anbar , other regions hit badly The United Nations said 2013 was the deadliest year in Iraq since 2008 , with almost 8,000 people killed , most of them civilians . The figures remained grim in January . According to the U.N. mission in Iraq , more than 600 civilians and more than 100 members of the country 's security forces have been killed . The U.N. tally does not include those killed in a fresh wave of violence in Iraq 's Anbar province , west of Baghdad , where al Qaeda-backed militants and Iraqi security forces have been fighting since the end of last year . U.N.officials estimate that as many as 45,000 families have been displaced in Anbar . "  The U.N. continues to provide aid to those affected by the fighting in Anbar , despite the challenges posed by the deteriorating security environment and ongoing operations in the province , " said Nickolay Mladenov , U.N. point man in Iraq . The ongoing violence in the Sunni provinces of Anbar , Salaheddin and Nineveh has raised concerns among some observers that parliamentary elections scheduled for April 30 will be delayed . "  The U.N. continues to hold discussions with senior political figures in an attempt to assist in paving the ground for a political solution to the crisis , calling on all to show national unity and address the root causes of violence in Iraq , " Mladenov said . Human Rights Watch , the human rights watchdog group , issued a report Thursday on the detention of thousands of Iraqi women subject to torture and "  ill-treatment , including the threat of sexual abuse . " The group cited the country 's "  weak judiciary " and substandard trial proceedings as causes of the problem .	Shiite neighborhoods affected by violence More than 20 hurt in the bombings The latest round of violence comes amid longstanding instability
LONDON , England  CNN  -- When the 10th London Palestine Film Festival opens this week , Londoners will have greater access to films made in the Palestinian territories than many people living in the region . Palestinian director Annemarie Jacir 's first feature film , "  Salt of This Sea , " premiered at Cannes Film Festival in 2008 . Today , there is only one movie theater operating in the West Bank . Gaza has none . The "  Al Kasaba " theater in Ramallah is the only formal film venue for a population of nearly 2.5 million in the West Bank . Due to travel restrictions it is virtually inaccessible to the one and one half million Palestinians residing in Gaza . It is estimated that about 80 percent of Palestinian children have never been to a movie theater , according to a report in The Christian Science Monitor . With this lack of distribution , and hardly any formal funding available , producing a film within the Palestinian territories is a tremendous challenge . Against the odds , the region 's filmmakers completed three feature films and an estimated eight shorts in 2008 -- more than ever before . Local directors are determined to tell their stories and have adapted to cope with the region 's difficult circumstances . Lack of cinematic infrastructure One of the greatest obstacles filmmakers face is a lack of equipment and crews . According to industry experts , directors in the Palestinian territories have little hope of competing with international news media over the limited resources . "  Crews who can work for international news organizations at very high salaries do n't want to work for independent film makers , " says director and coordinator of the Shashat 's Women 's Film Festival , Alia Arasoughly . Are you interested in seeing more films made by Palestinian directors ? Tell us below in the SoundOff box below "  They do n't want to rent their equipment out for a 10-hour shooting day , when they can rent it out for just two hours and triple the price to an international crew . " As a consequence of this , filmmakers are looking to local residents for production assistance . Annemarie Jacir 's first feature film , "  Salt of This Sea , " which premiered last year at Cannes Film Festival , tells the story of an American woman who travels to Israel to visit the land where her grandfather lived before Palestinians were ejected in 1948 . The film was shot with a crew consisting largely of novices assembled by the director , including a former ambulance driver , a jeweler and a radio DJ . "  There were always discussions with my producers , who preferred bringing more experienced professional people from Europe in , and I insisted that I 'd rather have locals even if they 're less experienced , " Jacir told CNN . "  We 're trying to build something in -LSB- the Palestinian territories -RSB- , and when things got tough , because they believed in what we were doing , they stayed . " During the shoot Jacir 's team also received unexpected support from members of the local community , who brought them food and drinks in between takes . "  We even had the entire Palestinian police force blocking traffic ; going out of their way to help us , " remembers Jacir . Restricted Mobility A further complication faced by Jacir and her colleagues is the limitation on movement and access in the Palestinian territories . Since Israel 's occupation of the West Bank and Gaza in 1967 , Israeli authorities have imposed varying degrees of restriction on the movement of people in and out of the territories , according to human rights group , Amnesty International . In 2007 , the year in which Jacir shot the majority of her film , Amnesty reported 84 manned checkpoints and 465 unmanned blockades within the West Bank alone . As a result of these security measures , which the Israelis say are necessary to secure their country from Palestinian attacks , the production of "  Salt of This Sea , " a movie with over 80 shooting locations was logistically very complex . In order to shoot the road movie lawfully , Jacir and her crew had to apply for permission to leave Ramallah . "  Every single crew member was rejected . So , just purely getting through the checkpoints and the logistics of keeping a film crew together was an obstacle . " Obtaining shooting permission was equally problematic . Permits for various locations including Jaffa were refused repeatedly -- a hindrance which did not deter Jacir . "  In some cases we just filmed anyway . We put the actors in a real situation and we just did it guerrilla-style . That 's how most Palestinian filmmakers are managing to do their work , " she told CNN . A bright future ? While drawbacks such as a lack of funding , a lack of resources , and restrictions of movement would dissuade directors in many other countries , members of the growing film community in the Palestinian territories are forging bonds over the difficulties . While Arasoughly and Jacir agree that it would be going too far to speak of a "  national cinema " at this stage , they look to the future with great optimism . The novice crew members Jacir recruited to work on "  Salt of This Sea " have continued to find work in filmmaking -- a fact Jacir believes indicates an industry is gradually starting to emerge . "  I think there 's a wave coming -- a lot of new filmmakers , a lot of people making documentaries and more experimental films , working together , " Jacir told CNN . Arasoughly , whose Shashat festival will enter its fifth year this fall , is equally hopeful . "  The fact that we , under the harshest of conditions in the Arab world , have been able to hold an annual women 's film festival , and that hundreds of students come to our screenings means that people want their worlds to be expanded , " she said . "  They want wider horizons , and I think for me , this is what makes it possible to go on in the context that we live in . "	More films were made in the Palestinian territories in 2008 then ever before Filmmakers must overcome problems like travel restrictions and poor distribution Director Annemarie Jacir 's film "  Salt of This Sea " showed at Cannes in 2008 Jacir : "  I think there 's a wave coming -- a lot of new filmmakers "
CNN  -- This past week saw severe weather in many parts of the world that took dozens of lives and left behind serious damage . Here 's a look at some of the extreme weather stories covered by CNN 's global affiliates , including a typhoon in the Philippines and a tornado in New Zealand . Unlikely typhoon in the Philippines Typhoon Bopha devastated the Compostela Valley region in the southern Philippines early this week . At least 148 people have died and thousands of homes have been destroyed , according to TV5 . Typhoons are uncommon in the Bopha region . Watch the video above to see how the storm knocked down power lines . Tornado strikes near Auckland A tornado ripped through the outskirts of Auckland , New Zealand 's largest city , killing three people and leaving more than 200 people injured , according to TVNZ . About 150 homes were left without power . Flooding in Argentina 's capital Heavy rains in the Argentinian capital of Buenos Aires left two people dead , forced evacuations and flooded nearly 9 million acres of farmland , Canal 9 said . See some of the most serious flooding in the video above . Hard to see in Chinese province Dense fog in the province of Sichuan caused heavy traffic and temporary highway closures in southwestern China . In some areas , visibility was reduced to less than 200 meters . Check out the fog in the video above from CCTV . Poland 's winter wonderland Seven centimeters of snow fell in the city of Lublin on Monday . The snow brought with it temperatures of minus 1 degree Celsius  30 degrees Fahrenheit  . In the nearby town of Bialystok , nine cars collided , causing one injury . See the snow in the video above , courtesy of TVN .	From CNN 's global affiliates , check out some of this week 's extreme weather conditions A typhoon in the Philippines has killed 148 people and destroyed thousands of homes Near Auckland , New Zealand , a tornado injured more than 200 people
Cecelia Owens just could n't bear to get rid of the photo of her and the young man whose heart she broke a few months after junior prom . She kept their prom picture in a box in a closet and rarely looked at it . She disliked her date 's "  horrible " suit and the fact that the photographer made her look "  like a china doll , " as she sat while he stood . Still , she could n't part with the young man in that ugly suit . "  Several times over the years , I moved and packed up and ran across the picture and thought ' I ca n't get rid of it , ' " said Owens , 47 . "  I thought maybe I 'll see him again one day and we can share that memory . " Corsages and tokens from prom night eventually fade , but images are indelible snapshots of the way we were , one of the few keepsakes mostly unchanged in generations . In an era when the average prom night costs north of $ 1,000 and dress codes complicate the perfect outfit , the power of the prom photo remains timeless . Beyond projecting personal style , they reflect socioeconomic and cultural values from an American rite of passage , documentary photographer Mary Ellen Mark said . "  The photograph becomes an object , " said Mark , whose new book , "  Prom " is a collection of portraits from high school proms across the country . "  The pictures are about detail and looking at the subject matter and who they are , what they 're wearing and economic status . " Beneath the surface lie deeply personal stories of love , heartbreak and the moments before bigger steps . Janie Lambert and her fiance had other things on their minds when they attended her senior prom in March 1970 in Knoxville , Tennessee . They were to be married in May and her husband , a high school graduate who was in the Air Force , was set to ship out in June . Earlier that day , they 'd been searching for an apartment . "  We decided at the last minute to go , I do n't why , because we had been apartment-hunting all day . I guess because our friends were there , " said Lambert , who shared her story on iReport . "  I did not have a new prom dress , so I took the same one I wore for his senior prom and put a blue velvet band on the empire waist . I did not want a corsage , so he gave me a single red rose . " When the time came for their daughter to attend prom in the 1990s , Lambert , who will celebrate her 42nd wedding anniversary this year , could n't help but compare the differences . "  Looking at our prom photos , for us , they were just a fill-in moment , " she said . "  My daughter had the limo , the dress , all that . I suppose it meant something more to her . " There are always people who see the prom as preparation for life 's next big event . Persephone Taylor Gary and her boyfriend went fabric shopping so his tie and pocket square would match her long , white dress . But then his mother grounded him "  for life " for breaking curfew , preventing him from attending the Miami Northwestern Senior High School prom . "  I was like , ` Really ? My prom is in two weeks , ' " she said . "  I was scrambling . " Luckily , she had someone in mind , a junior who had struck up a conversation with her while she kept stats for the baseball team . She told him she had a boyfriend but they still hit it off and exchanged numbers . "  I called him up and said I have no date . He pounced on that opportunity to take me , " she said . Her boyfriend did n't see the stand-in as a threat , but little did he know that after that night , his girlfriend and her new date would be "  inseparable , " said Taylor , who shared her story on iReport . She broke up with her boyfriend a week later and started dating Britt Taylor . The two parted ways when she went to college , but reconnected seven years later and married soon after . The theme of their wedding ? A starry decor to match the theme of their prom . "  I think that the way that Britt and I met and the way things transpired was kind of magical and I thought it was worth recreating , " she said . "  Everything was kinda serendipitous ... after four years of passing each other in school and nothing and then that one day sitting on the bench , and then my boyfriend getting grounded , it really just happened very magically . " For many couples , prom is the first major milestone in the relationship , and the image from that night is a marker of their growing dedication to one another . Katherine Steele and her boyfriend , Tom , attended his senior prom in 1995 at Renton High School in Seattle ; the next year , the Marine Corps reservist was wearing a uniform in the picture from her senior prom . She keeps the images in a cedar chest that has accompanied the family on each of their 12 moves since they married in 1997 . The chest and all the keepsakes it contains are a testament to their devotion to each other , said Steele , who shared her story on iReport . "  It 's like a snapshot of who we were at that time in our lives , " she said . "  The first one is when we started dating and with each one you can see how much he changed and I changed . And , despite all the changes in work or military moves or 9/11 , you change together and make it work . " For nearly 29 years , Cecelia Owens regarded her prom picture with the boy in the homely suit as a symbol of love lost . No matter who Owens was with , and even when she was married , she always compared her partner to the person in that photo . "  I guess I hoped that maybe one day we 'd get back together , so I never let that go , " she said . "  I kept that part of him inside me . " Her dream came true last year , when she reconnected with him in their hometown of Opp , Alabama , 29 years after she broke up with him for someone else . "  I said I could just be seeing an old friend or sparking up an old flame , " she said . "  We spent eight hours talking that day and have been together ever since . " The pair married in January in Panama City , Florida , where Owens lives . Now , she 's getting ready to move back to Alabama to be with him . That old photo became a symbol of what 's possible . "  We both feel that if we had not gone through the experiences we went through , we might not have stayed together . We now know the mistakes we made with other people and we 're not going make them with each other . We 're committed to making this work for the rest of our lives , " said Owens , who shared her story on iReport . "  To end up with your prom date and know that the end of my life will be as good as the beginning is more than I could have ever dreamed of . "	This prom season , expect dresses , limos , dinners -- and , like always , photos . Photographer Mary Ellen Mark 's new book , "  Prom , " includes images from proms around U.S. iReporters share stories of finding true love in their prom dates
CNN  -- The National Rifle Association responded Friday to a chorus of voices calling for gun control in the wake of last week 's horrific mass shooting in Connecticut by doubling down on its own position : more guns , not fewer , provide true security . After one of the worst mass shootings in U.S. history -- 20 children and seven adults killed , not including the gunman -- polls show that a slight majority of Americans favor restrictions on guns . Conservative Democrats and even some Republicans who have supported gun rights have said they are open to discussing gun control . But the NRA made its position clear : The prominent gun rights organization will not budge an inch toward discussion of gun control . To the contrary , the group announced it will fund a team that will design a program to get armed security personnel on school grounds across the country . "  You know , five years ago , after the Virginia Tech tragedy , when I said we should put armed security in every school , the media called me crazy , " NRA Executive Vice President Wayne LaPierre said . But what if the gunman , Adam Lanza , had been confronted by a trained security guard ? "  Will you at least admit it 's possible that 26 innocent lives might have been spared ? " LaPierre asked . "  The only thing that stops a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun , " he said . LaPierre 's position sets the stage for a contentious battle between the NRA , one of the most powerful lobbying groups in Washington , and the Obama administration , which has promised quick action on "  real reforms " to gun laws . This week , President Barack Obama tapped Vice President Joe Biden to lead a task force to start formulating those reforms and , with the White House 's support , Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , said she will introduce legislation to reinstate the assault weapons ban that expired in 2004 . Gun owners fear new legislation could tread on their rights The NRA had remained silent in the wake of last week 's school massacre as the debate on gun control was shaped by these moves in Washington . That changed Friday when it drew a line in the sand , providing its alternative vision for protecting American children through armed security personnel at all schools . "  Why is the idea of a gun good when it 's used to protect the president of our country or our police , but bad when it 's used to protect our children in our schools ? " LaPierre asked . "  We need to have every single school in America immediately deploy a protection program proven to work -- and by that I mean armed security , " he said , reading from a prepared statement . The NRA executive appeared aware that he was staking a bold position in front of a divided public that recent polls suggest is leaning toward tightening gun laws . In case he was n't , protesters interrupted his address twice , shouting anti-NRA slogans and bearing banners in front of his podium , including one that said "  NRA killing our kids . " LaPierre spoke exactly one week after the deadly shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary in Newtown , Connecticut . Across the nation , church bells rang in remembrance of the victims . The NRA was among those groups that observed a moment of silence at 9:30 a.m. , the same time as last week 's massacre . Residents in Newtown and across the country paused for a moment of silence in memory of the victims . Many websites went dark momentarily to mark the moment . Funerals for five of the victims -- school psychologist Mary Sherlach , behavioral therapist Rachel Marie D'Avino and students Grace Audrey McDonnell , Olivia Rose Engel and Dylan Christopher Jack Hockley -- also took place Friday . A slight majority of Americans favor major restrictions on guns : 52 % , up 5 points from a survey taken in August after the July shooting inside a movie theater in Aurora , Colorado , where 12 people died , according to a CNN/ORC International poll released Wednesday . More than 195,000 people have signed an online White House petition supporting new gun control legislation . Yet the NRA has support among many Americans who believe that taking steps to limit access to guns is not the answer . One CNN reader summed up the pro-gun argument this way : "  We ... put undercover , plain clothed air marshals on our planes to protect us when we fly . I fully support the same in our schools to protect my children . Every school should have one , " Ali wrote . "  A cop in every school is a much better solution than a holster on every teacher 's belt . But it does n't go far enough . This is an attempt to contain the problem to schools and avoid the broader discussion , " another CNN commenter wrote . Parents defend right to keep guns in the home Others pointed to the apparent contradiction among conservatives who want to reduce public spending but also support the NRA 's idea to arm schools . Who will pay for the thousands of armed guards ? several CNN readers asked . Many suggested taxes on guns that could fund such a program . Why own a military-style rifle The NRA envisions a "  National School Shield Emergency Response Program " where qualified police , military , security personnel and others organize to protect schools . Schools remain a target for criminal gunmen because they are not protected by armed security the way other important institutions are , LaPierre said . Policies banning guns at schools create a place that "  insane killers " consider "  the safest place to inflict maximum mayhem with minimum risk , " he said . Former congressman Asa Hutchinson will lead the school security project . Armed personnel will be part of the security model but not the only component , Hutchinson said . "  School safety is a complex issue with no simple , single solution , " he said . "  But I believe trained , qualified , armed security is one key component among many that can provide the first line of deterrence as well as the last line of defense . " NRA power and money go a long way in states The NRA , with its roughly 4.3 million members , is the standard bearer for protecting the Second Amendment . It is also the source of hefty campaign donations . During the 2012 election cycle , the NRA donated $ 719,596 to candidates . Republicans received $ 634,146 of that , according to the Center for Responsive Politics ' analysis of federal campaign data . Some $ 85,450 went to Democrats , many of them in states that are considered more conservative when it comes to gun control laws . The NRA 's point man on its school security study , Hutchinson , received $ 7,000 from the organization for his 2000 congressional campaign , and $ 7,450 in 1998 . CNN Staff contributed to this report .	NEW : NRA Executive VP Wayne LaPierre speaks one week after the Connecticut shooting He wants armed personnel at schools , says policies banning weapons there create risks The Obama administration has started a debate on gun control
CNN  -- Army Maj. Steven Hutchison fought battles in the jungles of Vietnam . Then he fought an epic battle on the home front . And at age 60 , he still was n't done fighting for his country . Maj. Steven Hutchison served 22 years in his first Army stint , then returned at age 57 . He died Sunday . The battle ended for Hutchison on Sunday . He died in Basra , Iraq , of wounds from a roadside bomb in Al Farr . He is the oldest U.S. service member to die in Iraq or Afghanistan . Hutchison joined the Army in 1966 and served two one-year tours in Vietnam , according to a news release from Fort Riley , Kansas , home of Hutchison 's 1st Infantry Division , the famous "  Big Red One . " Over the next 22 years , he was a platoon leader in Germany and commander of a basic training company at Fort Jackson , South Carolina . Along the way , he earned a doctorate in psychology from the University of Delaware and became an assistant professor of military science at Claremont College in California . He was awarded the Bronze Star Medal and the Meritorious Service Medal , among others . Hutchison retired from the military in 1988 and took up the quiet life of a college professor . He taught at several small colleges in California and became a researcher for a health care company in Scottsdale , Arizona , said his brother , Richard Hutchison . But Hutchison felt compelled to return to military service after the terrorist attacks of September 11 . His wife , Kandy , vetoed that idea , however . That decision proved fateful , as Hutchison was able to stand by his wife 's side through her battle with breast cancer . She died of the disease in January 2006 . The always-athletic Hutchison channeled his grief by whipping himself into shape and returning to active duty at age 57 the following year , his brother said . Military rules say retirees may be recalled up to age 64 for general officers , 62 for warrant officers and 60 for all others . Hutchison served a tour in Afghanistan and then was sent to Iraq , where he was part of a team training Iraqi forces to secure their own country . "  He 's been a soldier his whole life , " Richard Hutchison , of Mesa , Arizona , told CNN affiliate KNXV-TV . Watch a report on Hutchison 's life " "  He was a great guy , " he said . "  We hung around together ; we went to the movies together , went out to dinner together . He loved to shoot pool ; we used to shoot pool all the time , either at my house or at his house . He was just a great friend and a great brother . " The soldier-psychology professor , who is also survived by two daughters and two half-siblings , had a mischievous side , too . "  He liked to tease me about him being younger than me , even though he was five years older than me , " Richard Hutchison said with a soft chuckle . "  He would tell everyone he was the youngest one . And they would believe him . Made me feel real good . " Richard Hutchison plans to fly to Dover Air Force Base in Delaware over the weekend to claim his brother 's body and return it to Scottsdale for burial . The last communication the brothers had was a routine e-mail Steven Hutchison sent from Iraq about two weeks ago . He rarely wrote about his experiences in Iraq , Richard Hutchison said . However , there was one matter on the ground that the soldier involved his brother in . "  When he was in Iraq , they found a dog and were taking care of it . He sent me an e-mail asking me to send some dog food and dog supplies , " Hutchison said . The Army made Hutchison 's team give up the dog , but they left it in good hands , his brother said . "  He had a big heart . " CNN 's Adam Levine , Larry Shaughnessy , Barbara Starr and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	Army Maj. Steven Hutchison , 60 , becomes oldest American killed in Iraq Hutchison retired after 22-year Army career , volunteered to return years later Psychology professor served tours in Vietnam , Afghanistan and Iraq During interim , he stood by wife during her fight against cancer
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  At least six people have died and more than 60 were injured after the roof of a partially built cement factory collapsed Thursday in southwestern Bangladesh , police and fire officials told CNN . Many of those injured were in critical condition , said Mohammed Bakir Hossain , the top government physician of Bagerhat district . Mohammad Niazmur Rahman , the fire and civil defense official coordinating the search and rescue effort , said early Thursday evening that two people had been pulled alive from the rubble and as many as 30 others are believed to be still trapped . Deputy inspector general of police of Khulna range SM Monir Uz Zaman said the number of those still trapped was unclear "  as we 're not sure how many people were working inside . " The collapse took place around 1 p.m.  3 a.m. ET  in Mongla , a port city in the Asian nation 's Bagerhat District . The factory is owned by Sena Kalyan Sangstha , a welfare organization for former Bangladeshi troops and their beneficiaries , according to Rahman and other local officials . Video from Boishakhi TV showed medical workers tending to the injured as they were wheeled into a local medical facility caked in dust . Deadly incidents at factories and other buildings , sadly , are nothing new in Bangladesh . The worst happened on April 24 , 2013 , when a nine-story building that housed five garment factories collapsed . Rescuers managed to save the lives of more than 2,400 people , but more than 1,100 died in the horrific accident . And a November 2012 apparel factory fire on Dhaka 's outskirts killed at least 117 people , some of whom jumped from the building to escape the flames . Most of the dead were women , almost half of them burned so badly that DNA tests were needed to identify them . That blaze led to the convictions of 13 people for gross negligence of safety measures and spurred widespread criticism about the state of workers ' rights in Bangladesh . The government responded by revamping laws so that workers no longer need approval from employers to form trade unions , and every factory that sells within the country also has to pledge 5 % of their profits toward a workers ' welfare fund . The government also boosted minimum wages from $ 38 to around $ 68 per month . Yet this has n't stopped more deadly incidents , including the January deaths of at least 13 people when a fire broke out inside a Dhaka factory . Farid Ahmed reported from Dhaka and Harmeet Shah Singh from New Delhi . Greg Botelho wrote this story from Atlanta . CNN 's Sugam Pokharel and Kunal Sehgal contributed to this report .	More than 60 are injured , many critically , official says The cement factory was owned by a Bangladeshi army welfare organization In recent years , Bangladesh has had other deadly incidents at factories
CNN  "  Why is your penis on a dead girl 's phone ? " If you have no idea what I 'm talking about then chances are you do n't know who Annalise Keating is . And if you do n't know who she is , then it 's likely you have n't tuned in to ABC to visit Shondaland . Those nine words epitomized the drama behind ABC 's legal show , "  How To Get Away With Murder , " which has shattered viewership numbers , delivered a SAG award to actress Viola Davis for her portrayal of Keating and shined the crown that comfortably rests on the head of one of the most influential women in culture today -- Shonda Rhimes . "  There is an unrivaled commitment to her shows , " Marla Provencio , ABC 's chief marketing officer , said about Rhimes . "  Thursday night has become a destination , with a sense of urgency to watch these shows live so the conversation can flow along with the wine . There are screening parties that revolve around them . Wine and popcorn have become the staple of the night . " In other words , Shondaland -- the name given to Rhimes ' collection of TV dramas : "  Murder , " "  Scandal " and the matriarch , "  Grey 's Anatomy . " When ABC packaged the three shows together last fall , it earned its best Thursday night ratings in five years . This week the network announced it had ordered a new Shondaland series , a crime thriller , for next year . But attempts to explain the full breadth of Rhimes ' influence through the prism of Nielsen ratings would be like ditching GPS to use half a map for directions . Her shows not only feature strong fascinating characters , they are also played by strong fascinating people . Usually , television producers of popular shows are reluctant to let their main actors take visible bold stances on controversial social issues for fear of alienating eyeballs . Rhimes appears to welcome it . Kerry Washington , who 's in "  Scandal , " has not shied away from topics such as the role of affirmative action . In Davis ' acceptance speech at the SAG awards she spoke about the importance of diversity , thanking Rhimes and others for thinking a "  mysterious woman could be a 49-year-old , dark-skinned , African-American woman who looks like me . " And "  Grey 's Anatomy " actor Jesse Williams not only spoke out against racism and police brutality during the Ferguson conflict , he traveled to the St. Louis suburb to participate in the marches . "  I think that she 's drawn to and writes about independent-minded , head strong male and female characters and so art sometimes imitates life , " Williams said . "  What 's astonishing is that our show ` Grey 's Anatomy , ' started off miles ahead all other TV shows because of its diversity and representation of people from all walks of life . There was n't any chest pounding about it , it just was . We 're people , that 's it . But we 're strong people , like her . She 's not trying to make a political gesture , she is one . She 's like ` I 'm dope with or without your racism ; I 'm dope with or without your sexism . ' It 's not a strategy . It 's not seeing any reason to compromise and then demonstrating there is no need to do so . " And so when Rhimes stands in front of a room to receive a diversity award and calls out the industry for its lack of diversity -- as she did at last year 's Director 's Guild of America awards -- you know it 's not narcissistic grandstanding . It 's advocating for ideas and principals bigger than herself . When she stands in front of a room to accept an award for breaking the glass ceiling , and takes the occasion to give credit to all of the women in Hollywood who came before her , you know the appreciation is coming from someone who recognizes none of us get to where we are on our own . "  Different voices make for different visions , " she said at the DGA awards . "  Different visions make for something original . Original is what the public is starving for . " Which is why it feels as if everything Rhimes places on a network 's platter gets gobbled up by the Shondaland community every Thursday night . It 's not that she is the only producer helming shows with snappy dialogue , office politics and sex . It 's that there 's an authentic , big tent feel to the debauchery that is unfolding on screen . And an authentic , big tent feel away from it . When one of Rhimes ' Twitter followers complained about the "  gay scenes " in her shows , she responded : "  There are no GAY scenes . There are scenes with people in them . " I do n't know if Meredith and Derek will stay together or if Olivia and Fitz will ever be together . I just know that if you have no idea who any of those people are , you are probably doing Thursday wrong .	This week ABC announced it had ordered a new Shondaland series , a crime thriller , for next year LZ : There 's an authenticity and courage to Shonda Rhimes ' shows and characters that we are drawn to
CNN  -- Israel has shot down an unmanned aerial vehicle that entered Israeli airspace near the Syrian border on Sunday , the Israel Defense Forces confirmed . The drone was destroyed by a Patriot surface-to-air missile over Quneitra in the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights , IDF spokesman Lt. Col. Peter Lerner said . "  In spite of the IDF 's sensitivity to recent occurrences in the proximity of the border , we have repeatedly stated that we will respond to any breach of Israel 's sovereignty and will continue to act to maintain safety and security to the civilians of the State of Israel , " Lerner added . This is the first drone from Syria that Israel has shot down , although the IDF has shot down UAVs from Hamas and Hezbollah before . It 's unclear which group in war-torn Syria was operating the UAV and why . It could have been the embattled government of President Bashar al-Assad or any of a number of rebel fighting groups or militant organizations . The downing of the drone is the latest development in the Golan Heights on the Israeli-Syrian border , where United Nations peacekeepers were attacked on Saturday . U.N. officials said they were working to gain the release of dozens of peacekeepers detained by Islamist fighters when the attack occurred . The U.N. has not identified the group responsible for detaining at least 44 peacekeepers , but an Israeli military official told CNN Syrian militants are behind the incident . Al-Nusra Front fighters and other Syrian rebels seized control of the Syrian side of the Quneitra crossing last week -- a capture that represents a new dynamic in a war long feared not only for its deadly effects inside Syria but for threatening to widen into a destabilizing regional conflict . Syria is in turmoil as a bloody yearslong civil war rages on . The United Nations Disengagement Observer Force has been in place in the Golan Heights since 1974 to maintain a ceasefire between Israel and Syria . Israel seized control of the Golan Heights during the 1967 Six-Day War and fought off an attempt by Syria in 1973 to retake the rocky plateau . In 1981 , Israel annexed the Golan Heights . It is considered by the international community to be occupied territory . EXCLUSIVE : Boy , 13 , witnesses beheadings CNN 's Michael Schwartz contributed to this story .	Israel uses a Patriot missile to take down a drone from Syria in the Golan Heights It is the first time Israel has shot down a UAV from Syria It 's unclear which group was operating the drone and why At least 44 United Nations peacekeepers were detained by militants in the Golan Heights
CNN  -- Durable , shock resistant and , most of all , growing in a ready-to-use tubular form , it 's a wonder bamboo has n't always been used to make bicycle frames . While the prototype for a bamboo-framed bicycle was first developed as early as 1894 -- causing a minor sensation when it was unveiled at a London technology show at the time -- the idea never took off . Now 120 years later and a small but determined outfit in Ghana is working hard to change all that . "  We ca n't keep  up  demand with the orders for our customized bicycles , " explains Bernice Dapaah , the executive director of Ghana Bamboo Bikes Initiative . "  We are hoping to go into mass production by June this year . " While mass production for a company that currently employs about 30 people means turning out just 60 to 100 of the beautiful handmade bicycles a month , Dapaah is confident of scaling up the operation . Here the advent of a minimal amount of technology has made all the difference . "  We still do it by hand , but now we 've got a construction jig and this makes manufacture that much faster , " she told CNN from the small factory outside the capital Accra . Using a method developed by American engineer Craig Calfee -- a renowned bicycle designer who first experimented with bamboo bicycles in 1995 -- the frames are lashed together with fiber and then coated with epoxy . Sturdy , and with a greater weight-to-strength ratio than steel , the bikes are robust , make for a smooth ride and are gaining a small but devoted following in Europe . Growing international attention "  We are getting a lot of interest from the United Kingdom where people are using them for touring , " she said . "  And they 're popular with shops and exhibitors because people like the look of them . " Their first prototype came out of the factory more than four years ago and is still in operation . Dapaah said the bikes are remarkably durable and there 's every indication that the first model will continue for many years to come . With just two sticks of bamboo enough to make one bicycle , and six regions in Ghana where bamboo grows abundantly , the Ghana Bike Initiative is unlikely to run out of raw materials . Last November the bicycle was the darling of the Warsaw Climate Change Conference  Conference of the Parties 19  where UN Secretary General Ban Ki Moon donned a crash helmet to take a shaky turn around the conference center on one of the Ghanaian bikes . Christiana Figueres , the head of the United Nation 's Framework Convention on Climate Change  UNFCCC  , also entrusted herself to the bicycle 's rigid pannier rack to hitch a ride around the center . "  They 're made by women and these women are teaching other women to make these bamboo bikes and to sell them so that they have another income stream , " Figueres said . Building opportunities As a vehicle for women 's emancipation , the bicycle in history has been unrivalled . During the bicycle craze in the United States and Europe of the late 19th century , it came to symbolize the new woman , not only giving them unprecedented mobility but launching reform movements such as the Rational Dress Society which advocated for a woman 's right to dress appropriately for cycling . For Dapaah -- who co-founded the company with school friends Kwame Kyei and Winnifred Selby -- the Ghana Bamboo Bikes Initiative proudly carries on that tradition . "  Currently we have about 20 to 25 women trained who are working in the factory but as we expand we hope to bring more on board , " she said , adding that the initiative was launched as a way of using local renewable materials and satisfied local needs and created employment opportunities . "  Not only that but it looks cool and attractive , " she said . One customized model even comes emblazoned with Martin Luther King motifs rendered in distinctive Ghanaian folk-art style . She said the prize the initiative won last year in Warsaw , the UNFCCC Momentum for Change Women for Results Award , was bringing with it more attention , more orders and greater ambitions for the company . "  Currently we do n't manufacture many of the metal parts -- the chain and the forks we have to import but some of the metal parts for the frame are manufactured here . "  But we are hoping that if we find a collaborator in the medium to long-term , the tires , the wheels , the chain , and everything else could be made here in our factory . " CNN 's On the Road series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy	Bicycle manufacturing business in Ghana promotes use of sustainable bamboo Bikes are assembled in a small factory outside of the capital , Accra Company has been lauded by UN and attracted development awards Provides employment and training opportunities for local women
CNN  -- He 's one of the leading movers and shakers in the tennis world -- and he has set his sights on world domination . Association of Tennis Professionals  ATP  chairman Chris Kermode believes tennis has never been in better health , with spectator numbers booming and new players bursting through to challenge established crowd-pullers Novak Djokovic , Roger Federer , Rafael Nadal and Andy Murray . That fan interest was evident at London 's O2 Arena this month as crowds of up to 17,000 packed the venue to watch the world 's top eight do battle in the ATP World Tour Finals . After next year 's edition , the event could be on the move as Kermode and his colleagues look to bring live tennis to more fans worldwide . "  We are one of the few sports that does have a truly global footprint -- it 's played globally , the interest is global , " the 49-year-old Kermode told CNN 's Open Court . "  You look at our top stars now and they have almost transcended their sport and become global icons . " The challenge now for Kermode is to discover if there 's any part of the world that has n't fallen in love with tennis . "  We 've got to look at our own business and try to extend the boundaries of where we can get into new markets , new territories , new audiences -- we 've just got to explore everything , " added Kermode , who is approaching the end of his first year as ATP chairman . "  What we did in London with the ATP World Tour Finals was to try and attract an audience that maybe had never seen tennis before . "  To see it live is very different from seeing it on television , and being indoors highlights the drama and the dynamism of these top players . "  We wanted to put something on that was very different to Wimbledon in order to attract this new audience , " said Kermode referring to the grass grand slam , which emphasizes a more traditional approach to the game . A former player who has been involved in tennis for the past three decades , Kermode believes interest in the game in Asia , both on and off the court , is surging , with the emergence of Kei Nishikori as Japan 's first-ever top 10 male player a key factor . "  I think it 's just the beginning in Asia , " says the ATP chairman . "  The calibre of men 's tennis is so strong -- the depth is just extraordinary -- that I think it would be successful in almost any region now , but when you have that domestic player it adds the wow factor . "  Kei Nishikori is very aware of that . He is a young kid , he is a lovely lad ... but that level of expectation on his shoulders , it 's a whole country looking at him , that 's pretty tough . " Kermode 's enthusiasm for growing tennis is based on a belief that he took over at an opportune moment -- "  I inherited the game in probably the best health it 's ever been , " he says -- and a fascination with what lies ahead . "  We 've got this mixture of the old guard of players and the young guns coming up , so on the court our product is the most exciting it 's ever been for years , " he explains . "  We are doing an internal review of the business , but last year we had record crowds , and this year we are going to beat that record again . " It 's not just crowds that are on the up . According to Kermode , television audiences for tennis are increasing , "  digital has gone through the roof , " while the sport has grown commercially by 200 % since 2009 . The ATP chairman is particularly intrigued by the potential changing of the guard -- what happens when Djokovic , Federer , Nadal and Murray are displaced from the top of the tree ? But he does n't see that as something to worry about , arguing the field is now so strong that other players will step in to provide box-office appeal . "  We talk about the young guns coming in , and there are so many of them , but the old guard are n't going down easily , " says Kermode . "  Roger is there and that 's after people had written him off a couple of years ago . "  Lots of people talk doom and gloom about how tennis is going to be finished -LSB- when the current big four finish their careers -RSB- , but I heard that when I grew up in the John McEnroe and Bjorn Borg era . "  Everyone said it would never be the same again , but then along comes an Andre Agassi , along comes a Boris Becker . There is always someone . " And the secret of these players ' appeal ? "  Sport is a very simple business model -- it 's about caring who wins over someone else , and that 's all it is , " Kermode explains . "  If you do n't care , it 's not that interesting . If you know a bit more about their lives , I think that helps as well -- you buy in to them as a person . " If his vision of the future for tennis is correct , people will soon be doing just that all over the world .	Chris Kermode is chairman of the Association of Tennis Professionals His challenge is to continue bringing the game to new fans worldwide Kermode believes tennis in Asia is booming , both on and off the court He feels the players coming through mean the game has a great future
CNN  -- A sharp increase in the number of reported cases of the H1N1 virus in Australia may prompt the World Health Organization  WHO  to declare the first global pandemic in over forty years . Australian rugby league star Karmichael Hunt is one of several players being tested for the H1N1 virus . The number of Australian cases of the virus , commonly known as swine flu , has reached more than 1,200 , with state and federal medical officers set to hold an emergency meeting in Sydney to review the country 's swine flu protection measures . "  We will take each decision along the way in response to the expert medical advice , " Prime Minister Kevin Rudd told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation  ABC  . On Wednesday it was announced that the entire Brisbane Broncos rugby league squad had been placed into quarantine after one of their players was suspected of having the virus . The Queensland club confirmed on its Web site that full-back Karmichael Hunt was being tested for the virus , while the sport 's governing body , the National Rugby League  NRL  , said Hunt had tested positive for the common flu , influenza A. With over 26,000 H1N1 cases worldwide , the WHO could move to Phase 6 , the highest on its pandemic alert system . "  It 's really a matter of making sure that countries are prepared as possible . We do not want people to overly panic , " Keiji Fukuda , WHO 's Assistant Director General , told ABC . In a statement a day earlier , Fukuda said the WHO had been working extremely hard preparing countries for what a potential move to a global pandemic would entail . "  I want to point out that by going to Phase 6 the activity has become established in at least two regions of the world , " he said . "  It does not mean that the severity of the situation has increased and that people are getting seriously sick at higher numbers or higher rates than they are right now . "	Australian cases of the H1N1 virus reach more than 1,200 Phase 6 is highest on pandemic alert system and means global pandemic Designation does not reflect the severity of the disease , but how widespread it is
CNN  Nineteen-year-old Tony Robinson was not armed when a Madison , Wisconsin , police officer fatally shot him , Police Chief Mike Koval said Saturday . "  We have to be clear about this , " Koval said . "  He was unarmed . That 's going to make this all the more complicated for the investigators , the public , to accept , to understand ... why deadly force had to be used . " The officer who killed Robinson , 12-year department veteran Matt Kenny , had used deadly force before , shooting and killing a man in 2007 , the chief said . Kenny was exonerated of any wrongdoing and even received a commendation , the chief said , adding that the incident was "  concluded to be a suicide by cop " situation . Robinson was shot after allegedly assaulting Kenny , who was responding Friday evening to a reported disturbance at a Madison residence , Koval said . Afterward , protesters in this university town took to the streets and converged on City Hall , chanting "  Black lives matter . " Koval called for calm , while acknowledging the protests are reminiscent of those that followed the deaths of black men in Ferguson , Missouri , and Staten Island , New York , after confrontations with police . Police described Robinson as African-American . "  In light of so much things that have happened not just across the country , but in our own community , it 's understandable that the reaction at the scene and of some of our citizens is extremely volatile , emotional and upsetting , " the police chief told CNN affiliate WKOW-TV . "  And we understand that . That 's absolutely appropriate under these circumstances . We would urge , obviously , that everyone exercise restraint . " Koval said he visited the home of Robinson 's mother late Friday night and met Robinson 's grandparents outside the house . They talked and prayed , the chief said , but they advised him to put off visiting Robinson 's mother "  based on the dynamics " of the situation . "  I could n't even begin to get my hands around the enormity of the loss and the tragic consequences , " he said . "  Nineteen years old is too young . " Robinson 's mother , Andrea Irwin , told CNN affiliate WKOW that she did n't understand what happened . "  My son has never been a violent person , never , " she said . "  To die in such a violent way baffles me . " Irwin said Robinson served as a father figure to her other children . "  He was our caretaker and so gentle , " she said . The incident started when authorities got a call that a black male was yelling and jumping in front of cars , Koval said . Dispatchers identified him as Robinson , according to 911 audio obtained by WKOW . A little later the dispatcher says , "  Apparently Tony hit one of his friends , um no weapons seen . " About four minutes later , the dispatcher says , "  I got another call for the same suspect at -LSB- the same address -RSB- . He tried to strangle another patron . " About 30 seconds later , an unidentified officer says , "  Shots fired , shots fired . " When Kenny went to the apartment , he heard some commotion and forced his way in , Koval said . "  Once inside the home the subject involved in this incident -- the same one allegedly out in traffic and that had battered someone -- assaulted my officer , " Koval said . After that , according to the chief , "  The officer did draw his revolver and subsequently shot the subject . " Backup officers and others at the scene performed CPR on the young man , who later died at the hospital . Kenny suffered a blow to the head , but is being treated and will be released , Koval said . Kenny has been placed on administrative leave with pay . Koval said he 's not sure what Robinson was doing at the house in the first place . "  His relationship to the home is unclear to me , although there were certainly familiar acquaintances . This was not a random place . He had hung out . " In a statement Saturday , state Attorney General Brad Schimel said he "  can only imagine the heartbreak " of Robinson 's parents and added he 's "  concerned for the officer ... who , I imagine , is experiencing great trauma as well . " "  They are all in my thoughts and prayers , " Schimel said . Under Wisconsin law , officer-involved shootings are investigated by an outside agency , in this case the Division of Criminal Investigation . Once DCI completes the investigation , the report will go to the local district attorney , Koval said . Some are demanding answers sooner rather than later . On Friday night , dozens of demonstrators came out to the area around the apartment , which police had blocked off . A group also moved toward City Hall before dispersing early Saturday . "  Who do we trust ? " some called out , prompting the response , "  No one ! " And in another refrain , they chanted , "  Black lives matter . " The protesters ' sentiments were echoed online , where some adopted the #WillyStreet hashtag in reference to Williamson Street , where the shooting happened . "  Praying for Madison tonight , " wrote one activist . "  Stand up , sit in , walk out - until u get answers . And until there are no more hashtag eulogies . " Mayor Paul Soglin spoke to the raw feelings , calling what happened "  an enormous tragedy . " "  We 've got a family that 's really hurting , " Soglin said , according to WKOW . "  And we 've got a city and neighborhood that 's feeling pretty well hurt itself . " Some of the protesters were members of the Young , Gifted and Black Coalition that was formed last summer after the Michael Brown shooting in Ferguson . The group wants more reactive policing in African-American neighborhoods , said group member Brandi Grayson . She said Madison police park on street corners in African-American neighborhoods and wait for something to happen , which leads to residents being hassled . That does n't happen in white neighborhoods , she said . She said Young , Gifted and Black will be working with church groups on Sunday and will hold more rallies Tuesday and Wednesday . CNN 's Faith Karami and Kristina Sgueglia contributed to this report .	Tony Robinson , 19 , was unarmed when an officer killed him , police chief says Officer has been involved in a fatal shooting on duty in 2007 , chief says Activists hit the streets and take to Twitter to vent anger over the shooting
CNN  -- Was Karl Rove 's assault on Hillary Clinton 's brain a political masterstroke that will make her presidential campaign more difficult ? Or a ham-fisted attack that will contribute to the persistent unpopularity of the Republican Party ? The answer , to many a Republican 's regret , is both . Whatever victory Republicans digest from this blow will leave a bitter taste . Hillary Clinton has n't yet been president , though it feels like she is running for reelection . That is part of Mrs. Clinton 's problem . The constant division her name invites has been with us now for decades . Who wants to continue those battles ? Like Vietnam or Watergate , at times it does n't matter which side of the Clinton conflict we take . We are exhausted by the relentless requirement that we engage them . Age and health are always issues in major political races , and fairly so , but they are usually aired gracelessly . I served my apprenticeship in politics working for mad-genius GOP pollster and strategist Arthur Finkelstein . While he was mapping the campaign for brassy , upstart Al D'Amato , Arthur came up with a unique strategy to do what was thought impossible : defeat in a primary an untouchable Republican icon -- legendary New York Sen. Jacob Javits . Javits , a liberal Republican , was out of step with Barry Goldwater 's GOP but Republican voters had too much respect for the old senator to replace him . A near octogenarian , Javits had slowed a step and was beginning to slur his speech , presenting the initial symptoms of ALS , which would fell him within the decade . Finkelstein 's strategy ? Give conservative GOP primary voters permission to say publicly what only a few whispered privately -- and Arthur was none too subtle . Finkelstein released an attack ad that wrinkled the noses of New York 's political elite . Its purpose being impropriety , it ended with the memorable line , "  And now , at age 76 and in failing health , he wants six more years . " New York 's left-leaning upper-crust gasped , but Finkelstein did n't stop there . The inspired part of the strategy was the second step : Arthur had planned for the D'Amato campaign to fire him for the negative assault . That would not only distance D'Amato from the attack and leave his candidate wearing a white hat , it would also generate another delicious round of news coverage . The "  fire-Finkelstein " debate kept the story alive for the remaining days before the election . Sometimes , in politics as in chess , a knight sacrifices himself to take the queen . Javits ' career came to its end . Karl Rove is not on the ballot in 2016 . At least in the short term , in any brutal exchange between a brass-knuckled political operative and Hillary Clinton , guess who wins and who loses ? Clinton has already lost once , running as the candidate of experience against a younger candidate of hope and change . Political tides often wash in as high as -- if not higher than -- they have before . It could all happen to Hillary again . My experience is that once America moves forward a generation , it seldom moves backward . It 's not Hillary 's age that is the issue , but how young or old she would make the country . Rove has opened the door to Clinton 's real weakness : Her lack of vision is more of an issue than her years . That other Clinton Bill Clinton had no such debility . He was always the candidate of the future . His song was "  Do n't Stop Thinking about Tomorrow . " His pledge , repeated nearly two dozen times in his acceptance speech at the 1996 Democratic convention , in his campaign against World War II 's Bob Dole , was to build "  The Bridge to the 21st Century . " President Clinton was inspired to enter politics , he admits , as a 16-year-old on a visit to Washington , in a moment captured by cameras , when he shook hands with the New Frontier 's President John F. Kennedy , whom he then emulated . Ronald Reagan was attacked for his age and mental acuity . America learned he was an optimist with a glorious sense of humor and a vision of them that lit the world as a "  Shining City on a Hill , " so they found him forever young , regardless of his maturity and experience . Kennedy , Clinton and Reagan were young because they kept us young . Unlike those predecessors , however , Hillary Clinton is n't known for her optimism or inspiring vision . She is a pragmatist , not a futurist . America has known her for a long time . Even after 20 years , a stay in the White House , a career in the Senate and a tour as secretary of state , we do not know what stars she would follow . It is not unreasonable to ask where a candidate would go before we trust her to lead us there . It 's hard to imagine that only now , after decades in the public eye , Hillary Clinton would suddenly discover her destination . Unfinished business Hillary has only one attribute that makes her politically youthful and connects her to our future . It is , however , a powerful one : America has yet to have a female president . The power of that incomplete task should not be understated . In making the decision to nominate and elect our first black president , America rightly believes it acted as a good and noble nation . It advanced the defining belief that we are a country offering equal opportunity to everyone . In making that choice , however , America also made another decision : Not to elect our first female president . Women were left at the back of the bus . As I travel the country these days and speak to audiences of varied political persuasions , I am often struck by the quiet but growing movement of women , especially younger women , Democrat and Republican , who believe their time has come . Much of Hillary 's support says , "  It is our turn . " Is that enough to keep Clinton "  forever young " , like Reagan ? Not completely . Reagan 's eternal youth , like Kennedy 's , was actually the understanding that he would keep our country "  forever young " . Without similar vision and optimism , Hillary 's crusade remains only a quest for personal achievement . To that purpose , Karl Rove has opened a wound that will bleed and hurt Clinton . Unfortunately , it will also hurt the Republican Party Rove aims to help . GOP has its own problems Right now the GOP is a cause few are proud to join . We are a dark and purposeless confederation , known for primarily for saying "  no " and telling people , not what they can be , but what they should not do . We seem to employ our principles only with only the darkest and most defensive intentions . This assault on Hillary Clinton will only aggravate that perception of the GOP , and the moment could n't be worse . Many young voters have had their hearts broken by President Barack Obama . In return for the dreams , hopes and votes they invested in him , Obama has rewarded them with huge student debt , no jobs , declining prospects , and an intergenerational transfer of wealth from their empty pockets to their gluttonous elders . Those young voters are available to Republicans who would lift their eyes over the horizon and lead them to something better . They are not eager to stand beside Rove holding a bloody ax . Please do n't think me apologetic . I love negative political campaigns and have run more than a few of them . I believe Republicans have an obligation to disqualify a failed , industrial-age political philosophy that is leading our nation to decline . We have responsibility to warn voters about hot stoves and shout an alert not to touch them . Yet , our ultimate obligation is to cook something and feed a population hungry for leadership . It remains our mission to inspire and take an ever-hopeful people from a great nation to an even better one . Ultimately , this is a collective failure , belonging to all but a few Republicans . GOP leaders and sages rarely make an effective case that their principles offer the only possible path to a future of promise , progress and prosperity . When we do n't lift those principles before voters , when we do n't step up and lead , we are defined only by tactical wedge issues that divide and not big principles that inspire , unite , and attract the next generation . In this battle , we have dug our hole a little deeper and exposed the GOP 's lack of leadership . It is a big price to pay for a party in need of optimism and vision . It is also a steep cost to a country in need of renewal , confidence , and big dreams . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Alex Castellanos looks at Karl Rove 's assault on Hillary Clinton 's health and age He says his language probably was reckless , but could succeed as part of a larger strategy But , he argues , it also continues to damage the Republican brand
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Fourteen Americans died in two helicopter crashes in Afghanistan on Monday , NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said : 10 in one incident and four in the other . Three Drug Enforcement Administration special agents were among the dead , according to the DEA , which did not identify them . The agents were first DEA agents to be killed in Afghanistan . "  Like all those who give their lives in service to America , they were doing their duty , and they were doing this nation proud , " President Obama said at the Naval Air Station in Jacksonville , Florida . "  Now , it is our duty , as a nation , to keep their memory alive in our hearts and to carry on their work , to take care of their families , to keep our country safe , " Obama said . It was the largest number of Americans killed in Afghanistan in a single day in more than four years , according to CNN records . The NATO force ruled out enemy fire in the crash that killed four Americans and said enemy action was not thought to be the cause of the other . A helicopter went down in the west of the country after a raid on suspected drug traffickers . Seven U.S. service members and three U.S. civilians were killed , according to an ISAF statement . Fourteen Afghan service members , 11 U.S. service members and one U.S. civilian were injured in the crash . Monday 's crash marked the second-deadliest incident in the agency 's 36-year history , according to entries on the DEA 's Web site . The deadliest incident for the DEA occurred August 27 , 1994 , when a plane carrying five special agents crashed in the Peruvian Andes during a reconnaissance mission , according to the DEA 's Web site . One of Monday 's helicopter crashes occurred after the helicopter was returning from a raid on a compound , ISAF said . The joint international security force killed more than a dozen enemy fighters while searching the compound , ISAF said . The site was thought to harbor insurgents tied to narcotics trafficking in western Afghanistan . The militants were killed in a firefight when insurgents confronted the joint force . As the force was leaving , a helicopter "  went down due to unconfirmed reasons , " ISAF said . A recovery operation was launched . DEA Acting Administrator Michele Leonhart said the crash occurred as the agents and seven U.S. service members were returning "  from a completed , joint counternarcotics mission . " "  DEA is an extremely tight family , and the death of these three brave agents is a devastating loss for us , " she said in a written statement . Attorney General Eric Holder said the circumstances of the crash were under investigation . "  I want to express my deepest condolences to the families of these heroic agents , " Holder said in a written statement . "  During this difficult time , the families of these agents are foremost in our thoughts and prayers . " In Monday 's other deadly crash , four U.S. service members were killed when two helicopters apparently collided in the air in southern Afghanistan . Two other NATO service members were injured . "  The incident is currently being investigated , but it is confirmed that hostile fire was not involved , " ISAF said . "  Each and every death is a tremendous loss for the family and friends of each service member and civilian . Our grief is compounded when we have such a significant loss on one day , " Col. Wayne Shanks , an ISAF spokesman , said in a written statement . ISAF is not announcing the names of the dead or which branch of the service they were in , pending the notification of their relatives . The DEA has had a presence in Afghanistan for four years . The agency said Monday that it is increasing its presence in Kabul to up to about 50 agents . CNN 's Carol Cratty and Brooke Baldwin in Washington contributed to this report .	Helicopter crash victims "  gave their lives ... to protect ours , " president says Three DEA personnel are among victims Seven U.S. service members and three U.S. civilians killed in one crash Four other U.S. service members killed when two copters collided Monday
CNN  -- Most kids can freely snack at recess , but a growing number of American children have food allergies that can lead to serious reactions if the wrong ingredient gets into their mouths . Ammaria Johnson , 7 , of Virginia , died January 2 of cardiac arrest and anaphylaxis , according to a statement from Chesterfield County police . The girl had received a peanut from another child unaware of Ammaria 's allergy , police said . Ammaria ate the peanut on the playground , and then approached a teacher , who took her to the school clinic . School personnel , responding police officers and firefighters were unable to save her life , and she was declared dead at Chippenham Hospital . Detectives determined that no crime or criminal negligence occurred as a result of the actions of school personnel , Ammaria 's mother or the child who gave Ammaria the peanut , police said . There is no cure for food allergies , and a person can develop them at any age . The only treatments available are antihistamines for mild reactions and injected epinephrine for anaphylaxis -- severe , life-threatening reactions in which the airway closes and the person is unable to breathe . To make matters worse , food allergies are on the rise , although no one knows why . The number of kids with food allergies increased 18 % from 1997 to 2007 , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Last year , researchers found that 8 % of children under age 18 in the United States have at least one food allergy . CNN received more than 1,000 comments from readers responding to the initial report of Ammaria 's death , many of which questioned the responsibility of the school . Some readers said portable epinephrine injectors should be on hand at all schools and child-care institutions . "  And what if a child has their FIRST reaction at a school  i.e. , they did n't know they were allergic  ? It would be their LAST reaction if the school is not properly equipped to handle it , " commenter Boater39 wrote . Most school districts have some sort of written policy on food policy management , said Maria Acebal , chief executive officer of the Food Allergy and Anaphylaxis Network . Normally , epinephrine prescribed to individual students is kept at school . "  All the school policies I 'm aware of require the parent to turn in the medication and to have the school keep it readily on hand , " she said . And some states have schools that allow students , with appropriate consent , to carry their prescribed medication on them  Acebal 's organization keeps this list of states and their policies  . Some states , but not the majority , allow schools to have a stock of epinephrine -- not specifically prescribed to anyone -- to give in an emergency to any student who is suffering from an anaphylactic reaction . They may also permit the training of teachers and other staff in the use of epinephrine injectors . Lawmakers are paying attention to the issue . Legislation introduced to the House and Senate toward the end of 2011 , the School Access to Emergency Epinephrine Act , encourages states to require schools to have a stock of epinephrine that can be used for any student who is having an allergic reaction . By some estimates , 25 % of allergic reactions that occur in school involve children not known to have had an allergy before , Acebal said . And it 's a myth that a person 's first allergic reaction wo n't be a serious one , doctors say . There 's no way to know how severely a child will react to any given food to which he or she has a known allergy ; any exposure may result in reactions ranging from nothing to a few hives to an inability to breathe . "  The more staff at a school that are trained on food allergy safety , the safer the environment for kids with food allergies , " Acebal said . Even if you think your child is having an allergic reaction to a food for the first time , it 's likely that he or she has been exposed before , in utero , or through contact , or when it has been an ingredient in other foods . Once sensitization occurs , allergy can ensue , says Dr. Clifford Bassett , fellow of the American Academy of Allergy Asthma and Immunology and an allergist based in New York . Acebal 's oldest daughter had a reaction to peanuts the first time she ate them , when she was less than 2 years old . Two injections of epinephrine saved her life . It is possible to develop an allergy at any age ; to some extent , it is unpredictable . But there are certain risk factors : a strong evidence of family history , seasonal and indoor allergies , eczema and asthma . A child with one or more of those should be evaluated for food allergies by a board-certified allergist , said Bassett , also a fellow of the American College of Allergy , Asthma and Immunology . An allergy test can help identify which foods may put a child at risk of anaphylaxis and other reactions . Tiny doses of allergen are placed under the skin , and those that produce a small bump are the likely problem foods . Unfortunately , this test does not predict how severe a reaction to eating that food would be . Education is key to managing food allergies , Bassett said . Knowing what foods to avoid , learning how to read ingredient labels on food products and taking the initiative to ask about problem foods when eating outside the home are all essential . "  Preparedness is part of the overall goal , " he said . Every child at risk of food-allergic reactions should have an allergy action plan on file with the school that is signed by a doctor , and an epinephrine injector available at school , Bassett said . The Food Allergy and Anaphylaxis Network has an emergency action plan online you can adapt to your needs for school and other child-care purposes . A person who is experiencing anaphylaxis needs to receive epinephrine immediately ; rapid decline and death can occur within 30 to 60 minutes , according to the National Institutes of Health . Repeat doses may be necessary , which is why doctors recommend having two epinephrine auto-injectors on hand in case of emergency . During a reaction , the offending food or substance should be removed from the mouth or skin immediately , and the auto-injector should be injected into the thigh muscle . Call 9-1-1 or if already in a hospital , summon a resuscitation team , the National Institutes of Health says . Some CNN readers called for better health support in schools : kinderlove : Every school nurse should have an -LSB- epinephrine auto-injector -RSB- . ajkf : Every school should have a nurse . The National Association of School Nurses agrees on both points . About 75 % of schools in the country have access to a school nurse , and about 25 % do not have any access to a school nurse . Between 40 % and 50 % have a full-time nurse . There 's not really a shortage of school nurses ; there 's a shortage of funded positions , said Linda Davis-Allbritt , president of the organization . "  Children need to have a school nurse so that their health conditions can be well-managed , " she said . "  Healthy kids do learn better . " It 's rare , but it has happened that when there is a clear emergency , a school nurse would use an epinephrine injection that was prescribed for another student , she said . This action would be controversial , however -- one problem is that the other student could have had a reaction at the same time or shortly thereafter , and their medication would have been used . "  The cost of epinephrine is so much less than the value of a child 's life , " Davis-Allbritt said . "  It would make a lot of sense to have epinephrine available , and have a school nurse in the building every day , and have people besides the school nurse who are trained in case there is an emergency . "	A first-grader in Virginia died of an allergic reaction January 2 There is no cure for food allergies About 8 % of U.S. children under 18 have at least one food allergy State laws vary on whether schools can stock epinephrine
Malaysian opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim says the captain of MH 370 is a card-carrying member of his party -- and an extremely distant relative -- but he dismissed suggestions the pilot may have diverted the plane as a political act in his support . Hours before the Malaysia Airlines flight vanished en route to Beijing on March 8 , Anwar , de facto leader of the People 's Justice Party , was sentenced to five years in jail after a court overturned his 2012 acquittal on a sodomy charge . Some media outlets have reported that the plane 's pilot , Zaharie Ahmad Shah , had attended the court hearing , and speculated that the flight 's disappearance may have been a political act in response to the verdict . As authorities increasingly focused their attentions on events in the cockpit , the homes of Zaharie and First Officer Fariq Abdul Hamid were searched , and a homemade flight simulator found in Zaharie 's home , Malaysian officials revealed . . Anwar , who is free pending appeal , told CNN his party had been unable to establish whether Zaharie had been in attendance at court , although a number of his friends had reported he had been "  upset and disgusted " by the outcome . The opposition leader recognized photographs of Zaharie from political meetings , and subsequently established he was a member of his party -- and a distant relative of his daughter-in-law . However , he labeled the suggestion that Zaharie could have steered the airliner from its designated flight path as a political act as "  grossly unfair " to the missing pilot . WATCH : Politics of MH 370 pilot questioned He alleged that the speculation had only gained traction as a result of the government trying to deflect attention from its "  incompetent " handling of the crisis . "  I think there 's a desperation by the government of the ruling leadership over the manner they managed the whole crisis . Clearly incompetent , contradictory statements , poor management of the crisis , " he said . "  In order to deflect that , their own failure , their own incompetence , they now choose to attack me , " he said . "  They fail on every count ... They 're now desperate to cast aspersions against me as leader of the opposition . " Malaysian political scientist Wong Chin Huat said that while close scrutiny of the potential motivations of anyone onboard is warranted , he believes the speculated link to Malaysian domestic politics was a "  red herring . " "  Had the captain intended to cause this incident in protest , there should be clearly some clue . It 's pointless to make a political statement in silence , that leaves everyone guessing where you are going , " he said , adding that such drastic actions would be unprecedented in Malaysian politics . He had seen no evidence to back up Anwar 's claim that the theory had been promulgated by Malaysian authorities to distract from their handling of the crisis , but said that such an explanation was "  very possible . " "  You have a one-party state run by princelings that demonstrates very poor leadership and very chaotic coordination -- poor leadership and chaotic coordination that has been distracted from by this red herring , " he said . Malaysian government officials declined to respond to Anwar 's comments . Anwar has repeatedly said he is innocent of a charge he sodomized a former aide , calling the case against him an attempt by the government to end his political career . The Malaysian government has consistently denied his accusations . When asked at a news conference Tuesday about the Anwar angle , Malaysia 's Transport Minister Hishammuddin Hussein said that the issue was above politics , and that speculation linking the plane 's disappearance to Anwar 's sentencing had come from foreign media , not by his government . Who were the pilots ?	Pilot of MH 370 was a supporter of Malaysian opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim Anwar was sentenced to 5 years in jail hours before the plane vanished Some have speculated the plane could have been hijacked in response to the sentence Anwar says theory is meant to deflect from "  incompetent " handling of crisis
Rubin "  Hurricane " Carter , the middleweight boxing contender who spent 19 years in prison after being wrongly convicted of a triple murder , has died in Toronto , according to Win Wahrer , the director of client services for the Association in Defence of the Wrongly Convicted . Carter , 76 , died of complications from prostate cancer , Wahrer said . "  I always remember spending hours and hours with Rubin talking about the wrongful convictions , " she told CNN . "  He was a great mentor and teacher . I felt very fortunate to have those times with him . ... He lived a very full life . " Carter spent 19 years in prison for a triple killing in New Jersey before a federal judge ruled in 1985 that he and John Artis , who was with Carter on the night of the shootings , did not receive fair trials and released them . Artis was with Carter when he died early Sunday morning , Wahrer said , adding that Carter had lived in Toronto since his release from prison . Carter told CNN three years ago that prison allowed him to do two things : shed the illusions and anger that spurred his youthful delinquency , and come to the realization that his destiny might lie in fighting for justice . He was a title-seeking prizefighter no more . But first , he had to scrap his way out of prison . "  Hatred and bitterness and anger only consume the vessel that contains them . It does n't hurt another soul , " Carter told CNN . "  If I were to allow myself to continue to feel that anger and the bitterness of being a victim , I would have never survived prison itself . Prison can deal with anger ; prison can deal with hatred because prison is about all those things . So I had to overcome those things . " Carter became an activist for the wrongly convicted after his release and was the first executive director of the Association in Defence of the Wrongly Convicted from 1993 to 2004 . "  Rubin will be remembered by those at AIDWYC who were fortunate enough to have worked with him as a truly courageous man who fought tirelessly to free others who had suffered the same fate as he , " the group said in a statement . "  We will continue to fight against wrongful convictions , a battle that Rubin valiantly fought until the day he died . Rest in peace Rubin , your battle is over but you will never be forgotten . " There was a time when boxing enthusiasts were giddy about Carter 's future . He was fast and powerful , hence his sobriquet , and despite being short for his weight class  5-foot-8  , he became a Madison Square Garden and television fixture . Ring magazine declared him one of the top middleweight contenders in 1963 after he knocked out 11 of his first 15 professional opponents . "  His shaven head , prominent mustache , unwavering stare and solid frame made him an intimidating presence in the ring decades before such a look became commonplace , " according to the New Jersey Boxing Hall of Fame . Following a loss in his only title bout in 1964 , Carter precipitously fell from grace , losing seven of his 15 final matches before being fingered in a 1966 triple homicide at the LaFayette Bar and Grill . He was convicted and sentenced to three life terms the following year . The ruling was later overturned , but Carter was convicted again in 1976 , a year after Bob Dylan co-wrote a song declaring his innocence . That conviction , too , was tossed out , and Carter walked out of prison in 1985 . In 1988 , a Passaic County prosecutor filed a motion to dismiss the charges . By that time , Carter was a cause celebre . In addition to the Dylan tune , his case had drawn the attention of a heavyweight counterpart , Muhammad Ali , and actor Burt Reynolds , among others . His plight has also inspired at least a half dozen books , including his own autobiography , written from prison . A major motion picture that opened years after Carter 's release would earn actor Denzel Washington his fourth Oscar nomination . "  God bless Rubin Carter and his tireless fight to ensure justice for all , " Washington said Sunday . The 1999 film played a key role in introducing Carter to an audience that had not followed his two-decade legal saga , but the ex-boxer said Washington , in a way , also introduced him to himself . In his 2011 book , "  Eye of the Hurricane : My Path from Darkness to Freedom , " Carter explained that he was not perfect and conceded guilt to a host of regrettable crimes including assaults and robberies -- but not murder . Those crimes , he said , were perpetrated when he was blind , operating unconsciously -- a recurring theme in his book -- and they were the product of the anger to which he succumbed growing up under Jim Crow , he said . People we 've lost in 2014	Denzel Washington : God bless Rubin Carter and his tireless fight Carter wrote in a 2011 book that he was guilty of other crimes but not murder A federal judge said Carter and another man failed to receive fair trials Carter lived in Toronto after he was freed from prison
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Another case of bird flu has been reported in China , taking the total infection count to 83 people , as health authorities inside and outside the country try to determine how to stop its spread . The most recent case was detected in a 38-year-old poultry trader in Henan province , according to state-run Chinese news agency Xinhua . Earlier , the World Health Organisation said an additional 19 cases were found in the eastern provinces of Zhejiang and Jiangsu as well as the city of Shanghai . Seventeen people have died from the H7N9 strain of the virus which , while common in birds , had n't been detected in humans before the first cases were reported in March . The WHO says it 's still exploring the possibility whether the virus can be spread between people . "  In a significant percentage of cases there is no known contact with poultry . It means that we still do n't know what the disease reservoir is , " WHO spokesman Timothy O'Leary told CNN . "  We need to establish where the virus is living in which animal it has its reservoir and then try to figure out how it 's being transmitted to people . All the evidence points to animal-to-human transmission but which animal and how is it being transmitted ? This is the big mystery . " Authorities are monitoring more than 1,000 people who have come into close contact with confirmed cases , but O'Leary stressed "  so far there 's no evidence of ongoing or sustained human-to-human transition of the virus . " Particular attention is being paid to clusters of people who have contracted the illness , including one family where a father and two sons fell ill . The 87-year-old father died of the virus in March , followed soon after by his younger son . It has n't been confirmed whether the son had the illness , according to Feng Zijian , director of the health emergency center of the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention . Because he had died , further tests were n't possible , Feng added . The elder son was confirmed to have had the virus but has since recovered . He is one of five people who have been discharged from hospital after treatment , according to Xinhua . So far , one boy is confirmed to have been an asymptomatic carrier of the virus , meaning he tested positive for the illness but did n't display any symptoms . The discovery of an asymptomatic carrier is worrying because it could make the spread of the infection more difficult to monitor , experts say . The four-year old was part of a sweep of people tested for the illness because they 'd come into close contact with the first reported case in Beijing . Authorities took throat swabs from a group of people connected to 24 poultry farmers in Naidong Village , Cuigezhuang County in Beijing 's Chaoyang District , according to the Beijing Municipal Health Bureau . Meanwhile , a number of international experts have arrived in China , at the invitation of the Chinese government , to help local health authorities trace the source of the illness , the WHO said . The team includes Chinese experts on epidemiology , laboratory tests and clinical treatment , as well as experts and officials from the U.S , the European Union and the WHO , who will "  assess the outbreak and the response to guide further the prevention and control measures , " WHO spokesman Glenn Thomas told reporters in Geneva on Tuesday . Journalist Peter Shadbolt in Hong Kong contributed to this report .	NEW : One new case reported in Henan , taking total flu cases to 83 , Xinhua reports Authorities still investigating whether cases are spread human to human Five people who contracted virus have left hospital after treatment China has invited international experts to examine virus ' spread
Iraqi Kurdish President Massoud Barzani is willing to participate in the formation of a new government in Baghdad , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said Tuesday . On Monday , Barzani told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that he would press the issue of Kurdish independence with Kerry when the U.S. official visited Irbil , saying , "  The Kurdish people should seize the opportunity now . " Kurds have complained that Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's Shiite-dominated government has marginalized them , a feeling shared by Iraq 's Sunni Arab minority . In his interview with CNN , Kerry said Iraqi leaders he has spoken with have "  realized they can not continue with this sectarian division " -- a realization that would presumably include a greater role for Kurds in governance . "  Words are cheap . I 'm not taking anything I hear to the bank and saying , ` Wow , it 's going to be solved , ' " he said . "  But I 'm hearing things that indicate to me that if they follow through on the things they 're saying , there 's a capacity to have a new government that could be a unity government , that could reflect a greater capacity for success . " Iraq government claims gains in anti-militant fight The United States has sent military advisers to counsel Iraqi commanders on how best to take the fight to militants trying to create an Islamic state in Syria and Iraq . U.S. officials also have promised what Kerry said Monday would be "  sustained " and "  intense " aid . President Barack Obama is also weighing military intervention short of combat troops . But forming a new Iraqi government is a crucial precursor to further U.S. intervention to stop the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , or ISIS , Kerry said . "  The key is , if you do n't have a viable government , that is a unity government that is not going to repeat the mistakes of the last few years , whatever we might choose to do would be extraordinarily hampered , " he said . Kerry said failing to come up with a new political structure would make it "  very difficult to be successful " with a military intervention . Still , he noted , the President maintains the right to engage in such activity , with or without a political solution , if he decides that doing so is in the United States ' interest . "  He reserves the right to use force if he has to , " said Kerry , "  if it 's going to accomplish a goal . " He denied that Obama 's decision not to launch airstrikes against Syria -- where ISIS has gained much of its strength -- or delays in making a decision about what to do in Iraq have made the crisis worse . " ... You 've got to have a holistic , comprehensive approach , and the President is trying to figure out , as we are , I am , whether or not Iraq is prepared to be part of that , " he said . In the interview , Kerry defended Obama 's decision not to go forward with military strikes in Syria . "  The reason that the decision to strike Syria did n't happen was because we ultimately came up with a better solution after the President made his decision to strike , " Kerry said , referring to an agreement that required Bashar al-Assad 's regime to give up its chemical weapons stockpile . On Monday , the organization tasked with monitoring the weapons removal said the Syrian government had turned over all of its declared chemical weapons . "  That 's a very significant accomplishment , " said Kerry . Political Chatter : The new Iraq debate Kerry assures Iraqis of U.S. support if they unite against militants	Iraqi Kurdish leader is willing to help form a new government , U.S. secretary of state says Massoud Barzani has said he wants to push for Kurdish independence A new government is crucial to success in Iraq , Kerry says in a CNN interview "  I 'm not taking anything I hear to the bank , " Kerry says
CNN  -- "  Real Housewives of Atlanta " husband Apollo Nida has reported to prison to start an eight-year federal sentence for a fraud conviction , despite a side trip to have a final word with his wife . Nida was still in Atlanta at the home he shared with his wife , "  Real Housewives " co-star Phaedra Parks , on Wednesday after the noon deadline that U.S. marshals gave him to turn himself in to the minimum-security federal prison in Lexington , Kentucky . Park 's publicist , Steve Honig , who was at the home when Nida arrived Wednesday afternoon , told CNN "  there was an incident " around 4 p.m. , although he declined to give details on the record . A source who witnessed the incident told CNN that Nida came to the house because he was upset that Parks would not deposit money into his prison account . The source asked not to be identified . Nida , 35 , eventually checked into prison as inmate 65725-019 , prison spokesman Kenny Coleman said Thursday . Inmate privacy rules prevented the spokesman for disclosing details about what time Nida arrived . "  I can tell you that he is here , " Coleman said . However , Nida posted a message on his Twitter account early Thursday saying "  I would like to say thanks 4 everyone 's support & thanks 4 holding me in prayer I 've arrived 2 my destination and I 'm going asunder " He also posted a video on his Instagram account with a similar message that apparently was recorded just before turning himself in at the prison . Nida 's lawyer did not respond to CNN calls about Nida 's status . Parks , a lawyer and reality TV star , would not comment on the record about tabloid reports that she was upset that Nida ignored his children and spent much of his time drinking in clubs during his last weeks of freedom . "  Phaedra is now putting all of her energy into ensuring the well-being of her two children and making decisions that are in their best interests , " her publicist said in a statement to CNN on Wednesday . "  This situation has put a tremendous strain on Phaedra and her family , and she is working hard to bring back a sense of normalcy to everyone 's lives . " Nida , who appears on the reality TV series with Parks , was arrested in January and pleaded guilty in May to charges in a fraud scheme that federal prosecutors say stole millions of dollars from at least 50 people over four years . He must serve five years under parole supervision after he completes his eight years in a federal prison , U.S. District Court Judge Charles A. Pannell , Jr. ordered at his sentencing in July . This is the second prison stint for Nida , who served five years in a federal prison for auto title fraud before marrying Parks in 2009 . In the most recent case , Nida created two fake collection companies to gather personal information used to steal victims ' identities , U.S. Attorney Sally Quillian Yates said after his sentencing in Atlanta . He used the information to get fraudulent auto loans in the names of his victims , according to the criminal complaint . He was busted after a yearlong investigation by the U.S. Secret Service . The break in the case came in September , when federal investigators arrested Gayla St. Julien , a woman who "  described herself as Nida 's ` right hand b -- ' in executing the legwork of his fraud schemes , " the criminal complaint said . St. Julien , who previously served prison time for identity theft , told agents that Nida "  only paid her ` scraps ' " for her work , "  compared to the amount of money he made from the fraud schemes , " the filing said . She turned on him and agreed to let agents record their phone calls , it said . Nida "  knowingly and willfully  did  execute and attempt to execute a scheme to defraud federally insured financial institutions by depositing stolen and fraudulently obtained checks and fraudulently obtained auto loan proceeds into bank accounts opened in the stolen identities of real persons , and conspire with others to do so , and knowingly convert to his use and the use of others stolen and fraudulently obtained United States Treasury Checks , " Special Agent Alexandre Herrera said in a sworn affidavit . Nida 's fake companies fraudulently signed up with "  LexisNexis , Equifax , and Mircrobilt databases " to steal personal information on people . Along with the fraudulent auto loan checks , Nida stole U.S. Treasury checks , "  retirement checks issued to Delta Airlines employees , and checks in the names of real people that were owed unclaimed property from various state and federal government agencies , " the complaint said . Agents recorded phone calls St. Julien made to Nida , during which he discussed details of pending fraudulent auto loans and "  details of future auto loan checks that he was expecting to receive any day now from in the mail , " the affidavit said . Porsha Williams charged with battery in ` Real Housewives ' scuffle	NEW : Apollo Nida posted a video just before walking into prison early Thursday There was "  an incident " with Nida at his Atlanta home , his wife 's publicist says Nida was ordered to report to a federal prison in Kentucky on Wednesday His fraud scheme stole millions from at least 50 people over four years , a prosecutor says
CNN  -- The International Atomic Energy Agency issued a critical report Tuesday saying that it has "  serious concerns " about Iran 's nuclear program and has obtained "  credible " information that the Islamic republic may be developing nuclear weapons . The IAEA report , the most detailed to date on the Iranian program 's military scope , found no evidence that Iran has made a strategic decision to actually build a bomb . But its nuclear program is more ambitious and structured , and more progress has been made than previously known . "  The agency has serious concerns regarding possible military dimensions to Iran 's nuclear program , " the report said . "  After assessing carefully and critically the extensive information available to it , the agency finds the information to be , overall , credible . The information indicates that Iran has carried out activities relevant to the development of a nuclear explosive device . " U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said the report had just arrived and refrained from commenting on details at an afternoon briefing . But a senior U.S. official called the report "  a big deal . " "  The report is very comprehensive , credible , quite damning , and alarming , " the official said . Read the IAEA report here Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad slammed the report as a fabrication of facts aimed at satisfying U.S. allegations about Iran 's nuclear program . Ahmadinejad essentially called Yukiya Amano , the director general of the IAEA , a U.S. puppet and said the United Nations agency has no jurisdiction in Iran . "  The Americans have fabricated a stack of papers and he keeps speaking about them , " he said on state-run Press TV . "  Why do n't you do a report on the U.S. nuclear program and its allies ? Present a report on the thousands of U.S. military bases where Washington has nuclear arms that threaten global security . " The IAEA had released another report on Iran in September but this one was highly anticipated because of the military aspect . Since 2002 , the IAEA has regularly received new information pertaining to the development of a nuclear payload for a missile , the report said . It said Iran has made "  efforts , some successful , to procure nuclear related and dual use equipment and materials by military related individuals and entities " and has acquired nuclear weapons information from "  a clandestine nuclear supply network . " It has also worked on mastering the design of a nuclear weapon and tested components , the report said . The IAEA said the some of the activities have both civilian and military applications , but others are specific to nuclear weapons . Iran has repeatedly insisted its nuclear program is for peaceful , civilian energy purposes only . According to the IAEA report , Iran is believed to have continued weapons research and technology development after 2003 , when the intelligence community thought Iran had stopped . Instead of halting , it seems Iran took a temporary hiatus at the time , although the program progressed at a more modest pace since then , the report said . After the report 's release , top Republicans in Congress called on President Barack Obama 's administration to ratchet up economic sanctions against Iran . Rep. Mike Rogers , the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , raised the fear that Israel would attack Iranian nuclear facilities without further steps by the United States and its allies . Rogers , R-Michigan , said new sanctions should cut off the supply of refined fuel to Iran and target its central bank , which he said is being used to finance Tehran 's nuclear program . "  If we talk about it for a long time , if we 're not really leading on it , I will tell you we leave this option to the Israelis , " he told CNN 's "  John King USA . " And in a written statement , Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen called on Congress to pass two bills targeting Iran 's energy sector . The Florida Republican leads the House Foreign Affairs Committee , which recently sent legislation to the House floor to do just that . "  If fully implemented , they have the potential to cripple the regime 's ability to continue its nuclear program , " she said . "  If the Iranian regime acquires nuclear weapons capabilities , the U.S. , Israel and our other allies in the region and around the world will face an unimaginable threat to our security . The clock is ticking . " Previous IAEA reports have cited concerns by the organization that Iran has been seeking to develop nuclear warheads and ballistic missiles to deliver them . Word of the latest report drew strong comments in Israel , where talks of how to deal with Iran have recently hit fever pitch . Israel considers Iran its arch-nemesis for its repeated innuendos about the destruction of the Jewish state . Ahead of the report 's release , Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak warned that his nation would consider every option in countering Iran 's bomb-making capabilities . "  Israel does not want a confrontation , but if it happens , the state of Israel will not be destroyed and there will not be 10,000 dead and not even 500 dead in any possible scenario , " Barak said Tuesday on Israel Radio . Iranian Defense Minister Brig. Gen. Ahmad Vahidi said Iranian armed forces were in "  full combat readiness and will give a crushing response to those daring to attack the country , " IRNA said . The United States , Vahidi said , was trying to "  promote Iranophobia " in a bid to attain its "  sinister goals . " Western powers have long suspected that Iran 's nuclear program is geared toward weapons development . The United States is looking to increase the heat on Iran , including a possible strengthening of existing sanctions on Iran 's financial and banking sectors and additional political pressure -- all of which could be applied by the United States alone or in coordination with other allies . The United States also hopes international organizations , such as the United Nations , will take steps to further isolate Iran diplomatically . Officials said that one of several options being considered is sanctioning the Central Bank of Iran , although the United States is mindful of the impact such a move could have on oil prices during a time of global economic turmoil . U.S. officials said the Obama administration will use the report to lobby the international community to slap new economic sanctions against Iran . Obama said he discussed the upcoming report with French President Nicolas Sarkozy in Cannes , France , during a meeting of the G-20 industrialized nations . The U.S. president said the two leaders "  agreed on the need to maintain the unprecedented international pressure on Iran to meet its obligations . " CNN 's Elise Labott , Jill Dougherty and Moni Basu contributed to this report .	NEW : GOP members of Congress urge White House to ratchet up economic sanctions NEW : Sanctions should target refined fuel supply , Iran 's central bank , Rep. Mike Rogers says A nuclear watchdog report expresses serious concern over Iran 's nuclear program Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad dismisses the report as fabrication
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- The son of the iconic founder of modern Kenya and two other powerful figures in the East African nation -- all accused of crimes against humanity -- made their first appearances before the International Criminal Court at The Hague on Friday . Deputy Prime Minister Uhuru Kenyatta , Cabinet Secretary Francis Muthaura and former national police Chief Hussein Ali are suspected of a range of crimes after the country 's disputed 2007 election . Kenyatta is the son of Jomo Kenyatta , Kenya 's first president . It comes a day after three others -- Former Agriculture Minister William Ruto , opposition leader Henry Kosgey and radio journalist Joshua Arap Sang -- had their first appearances before the court . All six are accused of organizing post-election violence that left more than 1,000 people dead and displaced hundreds of thousands more . Their presence at The Hague has reverberated across Kenya and is a "  big statement " for the democratic society and the rule of law , said Martin Oloo , a Kenyan political scientist and a high court advocate . "  It is an indication that yes , responsibility and public action is possible where it is deemed that crimes have happened ; where it is deemed that some people need to be taken to account for their actions , " he said . "  I think that is a good statement in a political scene such as Kenya 's , and perhaps Africa generally , because we have known impunity to thrive , we have known leadership to be unaccountable , and this is a statement that says , ` wait , you better be ready to account for your actions . ' " The two groups of three come from opposite sides in the country 's disputed presidential election . The chaos and violence after the 2007 election escalated into ethnic violence pitting supporters of incumbent President Mwai Kibaki against those of challenger Raila Odinga , who was later named prime minister in a power-sharing agreement . Muthaura , Kenyatta and Ali are accused of committing or contributing to the killing , rape and other acts of violence against supporters of Odinga 's opposition Orange Democratic Movement . The judge set a September 21 date to hear arguments as to whether they should go to trial . Ruto , Sang and Kosgey are accused of being perpetrators in the murder , deportation and commission of other offenses against supporters of Kenya 's Party of National Unity . The judge set a September 1 date for their arguments . Ekaterina Trendafilova , the presiding judge , said if more crimes are committed , the court could replace summonses with arrest warrants . "  It came to the knowledge of the chamber through following some articles in the Kenyan newspapers that there are movements toward retriggering the violence in Kenya , by way of delivering dangerous speeches , " the judge said . Kenya has challenged the jurisdiction of the International Criminal Court , saying its own authorities will investigate and prosecute the cases on Kenyan soil . Oloo said the case is "  most important " because it draws a line for Kenya . "  It says that ` wait a minute , you can not go about your business and commit all crimes , and do whatever you want to do all in the name of acquiring power , and get away with it , ' " he said . The Netherlands-based court calls itself , on its website , "  an independent international organization ... established to help end impunity for the perpetrators of the most serious crimes of concern to the international community . " CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	Uhuru Kenyatta is former President Jomo Kenyatta 's son Six people face crimes against humanity charges The case is a "  big statement " for Kenya 's democratic society , rule of law , analyst says
Editor 's note : Annette Gordon-Reed won the 2008 National Book Award for "  The Hemingses of Monticello : An American Family , " a book the award judges said , "  is more than the story of Thomas Jefferson and his house slave Sally Hemings ; it is a deeply moral and keenly intelligent probe of the harsh yet all-too-human world they inhabited and the bloodline they share . " She is a law professor at New York Law School and a history professor at Rutgers University , and editor of "  Race on Trial : Law and Justice in American History . " Annette Gordon-Reed says Barack Obama 's election reshapes perceptions about race in America . CNN  -- By now , it has become almost a cliché : "  I never thought I 'd live to see it happen . " That common reaction to the election of Barack Obama , an African-American , to the presidency of the United States captures much about the country 's troubled racial history . Black people have been a presence on the North American continent from the early 1600s , and the 1500s if you count the Spanish settlement at St. Augustine , Florida . Yet , the fact that we were brought to America as slaves and had to wage a centuries-long battle for freedom -- and then for civic and civil rights -- has often shaped perceptions about what is and is not possible for blacks to achieve . It has also shaped views about what whites as a group will and will not tolerate when it comes to black advancement , as if the races were in a zero-sum competition ; any black "  gain " seems to be viewed automatically as a "  loss " to whites . True , the president-elect did not get a majority of white votes , and much opposition to him was clearly based upon his race -- sometimes shockingly so . One of my most poignant memories of the campaign will always be an exchange I had with a friend who had gone to Pennsylvania to canvass for Obama . The experience was at once exhilarating and disheartening to him . An idealistic young white man who had grown up in a progressive community , he was happy to have a candidate he could support enthusiastically , yet he found himself crestfallen when would-be voters told him flatly that they would never vote for a black man for president . Not that Obama 's political views were anathema to them , or that he did not have enough experience : his race alone was a deal breaker . The question , from the moment it was clear that Obama was a serious contender , was just how many Americans were like the people my young friend encountered . All over the world , those who figured such people represented the majority of white Americans , asked , "  Will they  meaning whites , obviously  let him win ? " Singer Chrissie Hynde of the Pretenders reportedly answered that question , saying in Blender magazine that while she really liked Obama , she knew her "  people "  again , meaning , whites  and they would not allow him to win . In the end , no critical mass of eligible white voters came out to defend the White House as "  whites-only " territory . The possible legions fulfilling the expectation of the "  Bradley Effect " -- when prospective voters tell pollsters they might vote for a black candidate , intending all the while to vote for the white candidate -- never materialized . Or , if they did , their votes were not enough to change the outcome . The Obama candidacy was essentially a bet that the conventional wisdom about what we "  knew " of white Americans was faulty . "  Yes We Can " could mean many things , but it was certainly an ingenious way to address the racial question . It called on black and white alike to ignore edicts imposed from the outside about what they were "  supposed " to do , think and feel . This was a bigger hurdle for whites . Blacks have been voting for whites for as long as we have been allowed to vote . While race could remain a factor for whites , in today 's world , it might not trump everything . Concerns about an unpopular war , fatigue with the party in power , the lack of enthusiasm for the candidates on the opposing ticket and sheer terror as the economy slid into the abyss might loom as more important than a candidate 's color , if one had the right candidate . Make no mistake : the times we live in fostered Obama 's triumph . The country has had unpopular wars , bad candidates and shaky economic times before , and it is safe to say that no black candidate , no matter how talented , could have been elected president during those earlier times . Obama 's success is evidence that the United States has changed in important ways . It does not , however , signal the death of racism in the country , anymore than the passages of the 13th , 14th and 15th Amendments to the Constitution , the decision in Brown v. Board of Education , or the enactment of the civil rights provisions of the 1960s ended the struggle against racial prejudice . Each of those momentous events , considered almost miraculous in their time , brought vibrant hopes that were far too often dashed . They were just beginnings , means to an end that was yet to come . Racism is no easy foe . The election of one man will not , by itself , be enough to overcome the history that has given race its meaning in the United States . It is clear , however , that we must edit our narrative about race . We , all of us , must reconsider the things we say people can do and can not do today , because of the truths we know about our past . The election of 2008 is evidence that many Americans may be willing to do that ; to chart a new course on the question of race . I am not totally surprised . Back in 1997 , when I started traveling the country speaking about my first book , "  Thomas Jefferson and Sally Hemings : An American Controversy , " I braced myself for the hostility I anticipated from whites who might not be able to accept that our third president had children with an enslaved African-American woman . Instead , many people -- most typically Southern whites -- came out to tell me about their "  Hemings-Jefferson " type family histories , eager to contribute to a more truthful account of what has happened between the races from this country 's beginnings . Impulses to truth and reconciliation , wherever found and however expressed , should be nurtured . A better future depends upon it . Yes we can . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Annette Gordon-Reed .	Annette Gordon-Reed : Obama bet perception of racial barriers was faulty She says the "  Bradley effect " never materialized in voting booths Race is not an easy foe , and this is not the end of racism , she says She says the election calls for rethinking what racial barriers still exist
CNN  As claims of responsibility go , it is remarkably complex and perhaps asks more questions than it answers , hinting at the messy rivalry perhaps engulfing the jihadi world . Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula commander Nasr Ibn Ali al-Ansi 's 12-minute message declares brothers Said and Cherif Kouachi to be -- in the group 's eyes -- "  heroes " who "  were assigned and accepted and fulfilled " a task . It claims that much of what remains of al Qaeda 's command was somehow involved in choosing the Charlie Hebdo magazine as a target . Several times , it evokes the name of Osama bin Laden , and his successor , Ayman al-Zawahiri -- names that , in the current focus on ISIS ' rampage across the Middle East , seem almost to hail from a time of jihad past . A vital part of the claim is its insistence that Amedy Coulibaly , the gunman who attacked the kosher grocery store , was not part of their operation , but his attack coincided with theirs as "  good fortune . " Coulibaly left a long video in which he pledged Bayat , or allegiance , to Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , the head of ISIS . This hints at the growing and deeply troubling "  rivalry " of sorts between ISIS and the older brand of jihad -- al Qaeda . While it seems at first bizarre that two groups with fundamentally similar goals would conflict , the differing worlds of al Qaeda and ISIS have been apparent for some time now . Al Qaeda 's franchise in Syria , al-Nusra Front , is hit by U.S. airstrikes along with ISIS , and both are described as terror groups by the U.S. government , but the al Qaeda affiliate does at times clash with ISIS for territory and resources . Last spring , al Qaeda 's leader , al-Zawahiri , distanced himself from the newer , more savage hotheads of ISIS , a move that guaranteed -- for now -- their paths would continue to diverge . Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula 's message Wednesday does n't spell out how to connect the dots concretely between the Kouachi brothers ' disturbed cries they were working for al Qaeda in Yemen and the Yemeni jihadis themselves -- that 's something investigators have to work on to prove . Are there real and genuine logistical links between that Paris street and the radical cells training in the desert ? But it does make some intriguing claims that are partially backed up by suggestions from some officials . The al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula statement claims that the late Anwar al-Awlaki was somehow involved operationally in the plan to target Charlie Hebdo . That is a hugely potent statement . Al-Awlaki , a recruiter and radical preacher for al Qaeda and an American citizen of Yemeni heritage , has long been dead -- killed by an American drone strike in 2011 . Said and/or Cherif Kouachi were in Yemen in 2011 , according to witnesses and officials , although investigators are still working out their exact movements , with Said possibly there as early as 2009 when it is alleged he roomed briefly with Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , the "  underwear bomber " who targeted a plane to Detroit in 2009 . Were al-Awlaki the organizer of the attack -- someone who laid on the logistical support , financing or chose the target as the al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula statement suggests -- then the Kouachi brothers would have been dormant for three years before launching their attack on January 7 . Investigators will be desperate to know if there was any further contact between 2011 and the Paris attacks -- whether the orders and logistics were in place by 2011 , or further assistance or instructions came closer to the moment . Were it the former , this would be a truly chilling sleeper cell -- idle for years , and then , at a moment 's notice , deadly . Above all , Wednesday 's long and florid statement shows an al Qaeda desperate not to be eclipsed by its newer -- and at times , in the gruesome jousting of this world -- more radical cousin , ISIS . The names and faces of their leaders , alive and dead , live on , particularly that of al-Awlaki , who , it is said , "  threatens the West both in his life and after his martyrdom . " It 's a chilling sign al Qaeda may very much be a current and real danger .	Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula claims responsibility in Charlie Hebdo attack in Paris Differing worlds of al Qaeda and ISIS apparent for some time now , Nick Paton Walsh says Claim in attack hints at the messy rivalry perhaps engulfing the jihadi world , he says
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI arrived in Cuba 's southeastern city of Santiago de Cuba on Monday , delivering Mass before throngs of Cubans in only the second papal visit in the island 's history . He was greeted upon his arrival by Cuban President Raul Castro and the nation 's clergy , including Cuban Cardinal Jaime Ortega . With a red carpet rolled out to meet the pope 's airplane , Castro walked beside the pontiff to a pair of large wooden chairs . A brass band played Cuba 's national anthem and other tunes as they stood together , while artillery rounds were fired off nearby in celebration . Benedict told the audience that he seeks to emphasize "  the importance of faith , " highlighting the need for good relations between the church and the Marxist state . Castro welcomed Benedict , saying his country has endeavored for peace and justice , but noted that even "  14 years after John Paul 's visit , " the U.S. economic embargo against Cuba persists . Clad all in white , Benedict walked with Castro , who was dressed in a dark suit , and greeted other state officials and clergy . Crowds of flag-waving Cubans lined the street on which Benedict 's motorcade traveled , as Cuban state television captured both ground and aerial footage of the trip . Later Monday evening , Benedict delivered Mass in the city 's square , drawing huge crowds as legions of musicians playing wind and string instruments performed during pauses in his sermon , supported by what appeared to be concert-grade sound systems . The visit marks the next-to-last leg of a two-country tour the pope has used to both spread the Catholic faith and address political issues in the region . His first stop was in Mexico , where he denounced violence in that country brought by the ongoing drug wars . Benedict also blasted Cuba 's Marxist political system Friday , saying it "  no longer corresponds to reality . " The pope 's comment , delivered to reporters aboard a flight from Rome to Mexico , sparked widespread speculation as to what he would say when he addresses the Cuban people directly . The island nation 's foreign minister , Bruno Rodriguez , responding to the comment , said his government considers "  the exchange of ideas useful " and is still perfecting its system . The pope is scheduled to meet again with Castro and Ortega in Havana , along with the president 's family , which could include Fidel Castro , who stepped down from power in 2006 after battling illness . Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez also arrived on the island Saturday , according to Cuban state television , which reported he is there to undergo further radiation treatment for cancer . It is not clear whether Benedict will meet Chavez . Benedict , 84 , is due to fly to the Cuban capital on Tuesday , and preside over a Mass in Havana 's Revolution Plaza on the following day . Large crowds are expected . Preparations for the visit have included fresh coats of paint splashed across buildings and posters announcing the pope 's arrival tacked on city structures . The trip is timed to the 400th anniversary of Our Lady of Charity , Cuba 's patron saint , but uncertainty looms over what will be said , with whom the pope will meet and what the visit will mean for Cubans . "  For me , I 'm very happy he 's coming , " said Juana DeArmas , a shopkeeper in the capital 's Old Havana neighborhood . "  I was here when  Pope  John Paul came , and there were always plenty of tourists that followed . " The visit is seen as a possible tourism boost to the island 's cash-strapped economy as many residents seek to make use of a series of recent free market reforms that have slowly swelled the number of private businesses in the country . Fourteen years earlier , a much different Fidel Castro greeted a much different pontiff when thousands were introduced to Pope John Paul II , who made the historic first papal trip to Cuba in 1998 . Having been invited by then-President Fidel Castro , John Paul famously urged the country "  to open to the world , and the world to open to Cuba . " "  There was a kind of love affair between John Paul and Latin America , " said CNN Senior Vatican Analyst John Allen . "  It just is n't the same with Pope Benedict . " In Mexico , an archbishop called on worshippers to stop making comparisons between Benedict and the former pope , who drew massive crowds across Latin America and visited every country in the region before he died in 2005 . In Cuba , though John Paul helped warm church-government relations , the nation 's ties with religion have remained complicated . Decades earlier , Castro 's Communist revolution sought to stamp out religious influence in Cuba , confiscating church property and expelling religious workers , some of whom had supported anti-Castro forces . The country was officially atheist until the 1990s , when the constitution was amended and references to atheism were replaced with secularism . Christmas was recognized as a holiday at that time and Communist Party members were permitted to openly practice their faith , if they had one . Church officials now say the island is about 60 % Catholic , though few openly practice . Still , religious access to state television and the administering of religious schools remain largely restricted , which could be a point of emphasis during the pontiff 's trip , observers say . "  These papal visits can have an impact , " Allen said . "  They can kind of jar things lose . And it seems that under Raul , Cuba is taking baby steps toward normalization . " But many on the island seem skeptical that the trip will yield lasting results . While the country 's Roman Catholic Church has often been lauded for its role in recent reforms , it has also received heavy criticism for appearing too cozy with the government . Rights group say the nation has largely emptied its jails of political prisoners , and yet it continues to harass the country 's activists .	NEW : Pope Benedict XVI delivers mass in Santiago de Cuba He will fly to Havana on Tuesday The island nation was once an atheist state ; this is only the second papal visit there Church officials now say the island is about 60 % Catholic , though few openly practice
CNN  -- In a few months , temperatures in the Alaskan interior near the town of Fairbanks will rise into the 70s and 80s Fahrenheit  mid - to high-20s Celsius  . Hundreds of thousands of visitors will arrive to take in the epic wildlife and scenic grandeur of Denali National Park and Preserve , six million acres of unspoiled wilderness bisected by a single road . Though in winter the area remains encased in snow , ice and freezing temperatures , the land is no less glorious for it . Alaska photographer Pat Costello has spent the waning days of the harsh Alaska winter exploring in and around Fairbanks , the heart of the 49th state . The most remote highway in United States , the tallest mountain in North America  Mount McKinley at 20,237 feet/6 ,168 meters  and the dreamlike northern lights were all on his itinerary . A selection of his work is featured in the gallery above . Pat Costello 's Alaska photographs have earned him a worldwide following . You can find his work on his Facebook and Instagram pages .	Alaska photographer set out to document the frigid interior of the state in winter The most remote highway in United States and tallest mountain in North America were on his itinerary Subjects included a captive herd of reindeer on the campus of the University of Alaska , Fairbanks
CNN  -- For centuries , Timbuktu has existed in the Western imagination as a byword for the most exotic , far-flung place conceivable . Situated on the southern edge of the Sahara , it acquired a near-mythical status in distant countries for its fabled inaccessibility , and for the accounts of the dazzling material and intellectual wealth to be found there . Intrigued visitors continue to be drawn by the treasures that survive from the city 's medieval golden age as an important academic , religious and mercantile center -- its great earthen mosques , and hundreds of thousands of scholarly manuscripts held in public and private collections . The city , today part of present-day Mali and known as the "  city of 333 saints " for the Sufi imams , sheiks and scholars buried there , was made a UNESCO World Heritage site in 1988 . But there are fears this carefully preserved legacy could be under threat from groups of armed rebels who have overrun the ancient city this month , in the vacuum left by retreating Malian government forces . Irina Bokova , the director general of UNESCO , has called on the groups to respect and protect the city 's heritage . "  Timbuktu 's outstanding earthen architectural wonders that are the great mosques of Djingareyber , Sankore and Sidi Yahia , must be safeguarded , " she said . "  Along with the site 's 16 cemeteries and mausolea , they are essential to the preservation of the identity of the people of Mali and of our universal heritage . " Timbuktu , which has a population of about 50,000 , is held by at least two rival groups who have been involved in a northern uprising against Mali 's government , headquartered in the southern capital of Bamako . One is Ansar Dine , a Salafist Islamist group that seeks to impose Sharia law . The other , the National Movement for the Liberation of Azawad  MNLA  , has been fighting for an independent homeland for the nomadic Tuareg people in the country 's north , and earlier this month unilaterally proclaimed independence for the region they call Azawad . Read also : Rwanda genocide survivors cycle towards London 2012 Following the overthrow of Libyan President Moammar Gadhafi , many Tuareg who had been fighting for Gadhafi 's forces reportedly returned to northern Mali , bringing their weapons with them . Last month , a Tuareg uprising triggered a military coup against Mali 's President Amadou Toumani Toure by officers dissatisfied with the government 's efforts to put down the insurrection . But in the disorder following the coup , the rebels seized large areas of the north . Martin van Vliet , a researcher at the African Studies Center in Leiden , the Netherlands , said that while Timbuktu was no longer a city of vital economic or military importance , it stood out as an important prize for the rebels due to its symbolic significance . "  The group that controls Timbuktu controls the symbolic capital of the entire region , because it 's that well-known across the world . If you control that city , it will be known . " Historically , Timbuktu 's legend began to spread throughout the medieval world when the Emperor of Mali made his pilgrimage to Mecca through Cairo in 1324 , and dazzled those he encountered with the gold his party carried . Early in the 16th century , reports of the city on the sand -- then part of the Songhay Empire -- filtered back to Europe through the Moorish diplomat and writer Leo Africanus , adding to the city 's near-mythical status as an African El Dorado . Becoming the first European to reach the city subsequently became an obsession for Western explorers , many of whom perished in the desert sands . In 1824 , the Geographical Society of Paris even offered a reward for the first European to accomplish the feat . Two years later , however , the person to do so met with disaster . Scottish explorer Gordon Laing survived an attack by Tuareg nomads en route to Timbuktu , only to discover on arrival that its wealth had greatly diminished since its heyday . Laing stayed a month in the city , then was murdered two days after leaving . During its golden age , Timbuktu was a thriving desert trading town at the heart of important trade routes for gold and salt , and a major intellectual and spiritual center , which played a key role in the spread of Islam in Africa . Islamic scholars traveled great distances to study in the city 's university , which had 25,000 students during its zenith , and was comprised of three mosques . Read also : Sculpting peace in Mozambique Constructed from mud bricks and wood in the distinctive Sudano-Sahelian architectural style , the Sankore , Sidi Yahia and Djingarei-ber mosques have been maintained and remain major attractions in the city today . The latter , Timbuktu 's oldest , was built in the early 14th century , while the Sankore , during its heyday , was said to have the largest collection of books in Africa since the Library of Alexandria of antiquity . "  Timbuktu in the 14th to the 16th century was an important university city where many manuscripts referring to knowledge of astronomy , economy , religion , mathematics , physics , and medicine were produced , " said Lazare Eloundou , chief of the Africa unit for UNESCO 's World Heritage Center . Comprising the other significant component of Timbuktu 's heritage legacy , this immense trove of scholarly manuscripts -- estimated to number in the hundreds of thousands -- remains in the city in state and private collections . For generations , local families have protected the fragile manuscripts , some of which date from the 13th century , from invaders . Fearing that those responsible for the current unrest could loot or destroy the treasures , librarians and curators are making efforts to hide the texts or smuggle them out of the city to safety . While there have been reports that offices of local libraries have been looted by the gunmen , no significant losses of the documents have yet been reported , according to Eloundou . "  We are still concerned by what could happen there in case there is a fight -- we 're concerned about the risk of damage , " said Eloundou . "  We also do n't know what the reaction of the Islamist groups will be with regard to the manuscripts . " He said the city 's heritage was vastly important to locals -- as a source of cultural pride , but also of income . Even if the city 's treasures survived unscathed , they stood to lose out from the uprising as it could plunge the region into isolation once again . In addition , an estimated 200,000 people have been displaced by the uprising in the wider region . "  The fact this part of the country has been taken by the Tuareg rebellion and Islamist groups does not allow any more tourists to visit , and the communities depend a lot on the tourism revenue , " he said . "  This is really going to affect their lives . "	In medieval times , Timbuktu , in present-day Mali , was an important intellectual center Known for its great mosques and trove of manuscripts , the city has world-heritage status Islamist and Tuareg rebels have occupied the city in recent weeks UNESCO fears the important site could be destroyed or looted by rebels
CNN  -- While Americans may still deck the halls and stuff the stockings this Christmas , a new poll finds that the state of the economy is playing a major role in how Americans will celebrate it in 2013 . According to the CNN/ORC International poll , Americans plan to curtail their Christmas gift giving and charitable contributions due to economic concerns , while a sizable minority of Americans , 37 % , report that the economy will make the Christmas holiday more stressful . Sixty-one percent of respondents said they had to cut back on their holiday donations this year due to the economy , according to the poll . That number is up from 2009 , when 51 % said they would be giving less to charity , and from 2010 , when 58 % said the same . Similarly , 62 % of Americans said they were cutting back on their holiday gift giving this year . The economy looming large over the holiday season has become a trend since the economic downturn and recession of 2008 . And this latest poll shows that even though 2013 brought welcome -- albeit slow -- economic growth , the recession still seems to have lingering effects on how Americans feel about Christmas . In 2005 , before the economic downturn , nearly half of all Americans said that Christmas was a "  great time " or "  the best time " of year . In 2008 , just months after the financial crisis hit , that number was down to 43 % . And in the most recent poll , only 42 % said Christmas was the best or great time of year -- a sign that Christmas spirit has yet to fully recover from the recession . What 's more , this year a record low of 11 % of people said Christmas was "  the best time " of year . These numbers comes despite the fact that by looking at most objective economic indicators , the last year has seen positive economic growth -- including falling unemployment , growing gross domestic product and a soaring stock market . Even if Christmas giving and spending will be scaled back , the more than nine in 10 Americans who say they will celebrate Christmas this year , plan to celebrate the holiday differently . According to CNN 's Polling Director Keating Holland , those who celebrate Christmas can be categorized in four different groups : Twenty-five percent of Americans are in the "  Gung-Ho " group , meaning they go all out for the holiday . This includes putting up Christmas trees , lights and other decorations outside their homes . They also consider Christmas the best time of the year , and according to other polls , they go to church weekly . Next are the 32 % of people who look forward to celebrating the holiday but may not go all out . Members of this group -- the "  Ho-Ho-Ho " -- are religious , according to other polls , but are not weekly church attendants . Twenty-three percent of Americans are "  Ho-Hum " about Christmas , meaning while they like Christmas , they are n't wild about it . They likely do n't decorate and they are the most likely group to limit what they eat during the holiday season . Only a quarter of this group attends church regularly , according to other polls . Lastly are the 16 % of Americans who fall under the "  Bah , Humbug " group . This group says the holiday season is a bad time of year for them and they do n't spend much time or effort on the holiday . Only 6 % of Americans said they will not be celebrating Christmas this year . The telephone survey of 1,035 people was conducted for CNN by ORC International on December 16-19 . The poll has a sampling error of plus or minus 3 percentage points .	State of economy playing big role in how Americans will celebrate holiday More than a third report that economy will make Christmas holiday more stressful Nearly two thirds said they had to cut back on their holiday donations Only 6 % of Americans said they will not be celebrating Christmas
Rome  CNN  -- The United States promised Thursday to send food and medical supplies -- but not weapons -- to rebels in the first such move since the conflict began two years ago . At the same time , European nations began to explore how to strengthen rebel fighters short of arming them after a European Council decision allowing aid for civilian protection . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said the aid would help fighters in their effort to topple Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . The conflict has claimed more than 60,000 lives , laid waste to large portions of the country and created an enormous humanitarian crisis as refugees flee the fighting . The fighting also threatens to widen into a regional crisis and has raised concerns that Hezbollah , Iran or others could gain control in Damascus after al-Assad 's government falls . "  The United States ' decision to take further steps now is the result of the continued brutality of a superior armed force propped up by foreign fighters from Iran and Hezbollah , all of which threatens to destroy Syria , " Kerry said after meeting opposition leaders in Rome . He did not say how much aid , but did announce that the United States would separately give $ 60 million to local groups working with the opposition Syrian National Council to provide political administration and basic services in rebel-controlled areas of Syria . That 's on top of $ 50 million in similar aid the United States has previously pledged to the council , as well as $ 385 million in humanitarian assistance , Kerry said . "  This funding will allow the opposition to reach out and help the local councils to be able to rebuild in their liberated areas of Syria so that they can provide basic services to people who so often lack access today to medical care , to food , to sanitation , " he said . Islamist Influence The aid represents , in part , an effort to hem in radical Islamist groups vying for influence in Syria after the fall of al-Assad , a senior State Department official told CNN . "  If the Syrian opposition coalition ca n't touch , improve and heal the lives of Syrians in those places that have been freed , then extremists will step in and do it , " the official said . Sheikh Ahmed Moaz al-Khatib , president of the Syrian National Council , said concerns about Islamist influence were overstated . "  We stand against every radical belief that aims to target Syria 's diverse social and religious fabric , " he said . U.S. officials hope the aid will help the coalition show what it can do and encourage al-Assad supporters to "  peel away from him " and help end the fighting , the official said . The opposition council will decide where the money goes , Kerry said . But the United States will send technical advisers through its partners to the group 's Cairo headquarters to ensure the aid is used properly , the senior State Department official said . Additional aid possible The European Council carved out an exception in its sanctions against Syria on Thursday to allow for the transfer of nonlethal equipment and technical assistance for civilian protection only . The council did not specify what kind of equipment could be involved . British Foreign Secretary William Hague said Friday on Twitter that his country would pledge new aid because "  we can not stand still while the crisis worsens and thousands of lives are at stake . " A diplomatic official at the French Foreign Ministry told CNN that France is studying the possibility of supplying night-vision equipment or body armor . In the United States , President Barack Obama is thinking about training rebels and equipping them with defensive gear such as night-vision goggles , body armor and military vehicles , sources familiar with the discussions said . The training would help rebels decide how to use their resources , strategize and perhaps train a police force to take over after al-Assad 's fall , one of the sources said . Kerry did not announce that sort of aid Thursday , but said the United States and other countries backing the rebels would "  continue to consult with each other on an urgent basis . " An official told reporters that the opposition has raised a number of needs in the Rome meetings and the administration will continue to "  keep those under review . " "  We will do this with vetted individuals , vetted units , so it has to be done carefully and appropriately , " the official said . Humanitarian crisis Meanwhile , the bloodshed continued . On Thursday , 98 people were killed across Syria , including 35 in Damascus and its suburbs , said the Local Coordination Committees for Syria , a network of opposition activists . The conflict began with demands for political reform after the Arab Spring movement that swept the Middle East and Africa , but devolved into civil war when the al-Assad regime cracked down on demonstrators . In addition to the 60,000 people who have died since the fighting began in March 2011 , another 940,000 have fled the country and more than 10 % of Syria 's 20 million residents have been forced to move elsewhere inside the country , the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees said . The outpouring of refugees threatens to overwhelm the ability of host nations to provide for their needs , Assistant High Commissioner Erika Feller told the U.N. Human Rights Council on Tuesday . Jill Dougherty reported from Rome , and Michael Pearson reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh and Elise Labott also contributed to this report .	France considers sending Syrian rebels night-vision gear and body armor , a source says Britain 's foreign secretary says the UK will announce new aid soon United States will send non-lethal aid to rebels , plus $ 60 million in administrative aid
CNN  -- Nearly 12 years after Congress debated and subsequently voted for American military action in Iraq , another debate over that Middle Eastern country is roiling Washington . This debate is not taking place on the floors of the House or Senate ; it is taking place in the media . Members of Congress and even the former vice president who helped plan the U.S. invasion of Iraq more than a decade ago took to the Sunday political talk shows to voice their positions . As militants , which President Barack Obama said Sunday on CBS News ' "  Face the Nation " poses a "  medium and long-term threat . " continue to gain ground in Iraq , we 'll get you up to speed on what top officials in Washington said in the Sunday political shows . Lacking intelligence Now that Obama has announced his plans for Iraq , which includes sending up to 300 military "  advisers " to the country , the blame game on how Iraq dissolved into chaos continues . Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California and chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee , said the intelligence community was not fully aware of the scope of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . She said intelligence did "  know about " ISIS in Syria , but it did not adequately account for the possibility that the group could overtake a third of Iraq so quickly . "  This is a difficult culture , " Feinstein said on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " "  It is very difficult to pierce . " She added that U.S. intelligence has holes in places other than Iraq , including North Africa and Yemen . "  The world is a big place , " she said , "  and this is extraordinarily difficult to do . " Her counterpart in the House , Chairman Mike Rogers , disagreed , insisting intelligence gathering did not fail . In Iraq , militants press on toward Baghdad View from Baghdad : Answering your questions about Iraq crisis The blame game Everyone points fingers . And they 're all pointed in a different direction . It "  was a policy failure , " Rogers said on CBS News ' "  Face the Nation . " Rogers said Obama 's inaction is what led to the quick rise of ISIS in Iraq , insisting that not "  dealing with " ISIS earlier "  has got us a bigger problem . " "  We did n't do anything in Syria ; we did n't do anything when they took Falluja ; we did n't do anything when they took Mosul ; they got into Tikrit and said , ` Hey this is a problem , ' " he said . 4 western Iraqi towns fall to advancing ISIS militants That 's a sentiment expressed by former Vice President Dick Cheney . After writing a scathing op-ed slamming Obama for "  being "  so wrong about so much , " Cheney came out swinging again , this time on ABC 's "  This Week . " "  I think he 's dead wrong in terms of the course he 's taken this nation , and I think we 're in for big trouble in the years ahead because of his refusal to recognize reality and because of his continual emphasis upon getting the U.S. basically to withdraw from that part of the world , " Cheney said . During the G.W. Bush administration , Cheney played a key role in urging the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq in 2003 to search for weapons of mass destruction , a hunt that ultimately proved fruitless . Cheney has remained a supporter of the war in Iraq . He said Obama "  left a big vacuum " by not agreeing to a deal with the Iraqi government to leave American troops behind after the war ended . Like Cheney , Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul also said the U.S. has "  created a vacuum . " But that 's where their agreement ends . Paul said , "  I do blame the Iraq War on the chaos that is in the Middle East . I also blame those who are for the Iraq War for emboldening Iran . " He said Iran has benefited from Sunni and Shiite conflict in the region . "  What 's going on now , I do n't blame on President Obama , " he added on NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " Sen. Barbara Boxer , D-California , who was one of 23 senators who voted against going to war with Iraq in 2002 , said on CBS News ' "  Face the Nation " that Cheney 's vocal input is "  a nightmare come back to haunt me . " "  The fact is what you 're seeing now is an outgrowth of that bad policy the neocons got us in -- that crowd on false pretense that said , ` Go in there . ' " As ISIS advances toward Baghdad , a call for fighting volunteers is answered The role of Syria As ISIS gained strength and clout by fighting in Syria 's civil war against President Bashar al-Assad , Boxer dismissed argument made by many in the Republican Party that a hands-off approach in Syria is what emboldened ISIS . "  The hawks are saying the President knew that ISIS was in Syria and did n't want them to get control of the weapons , " Boxer said . But Paul said the limited U.S. role in Syria was too much and that 's what emboldened ISIS . He said the minimal weapons , vehicles and communications equipment the U.S. sent to ISIS gave them greater capability . "  Here 's the anomaly . We 're with ISIS in Syria . We 're on the same side of the war . So , those who want to get involved to stop ISIS in Iraq are allied with ISIS in Syria . That is the real contradiction to this whole policy , " Paul said on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " Iraq history facts Middle East borders will never be the same American action Obama has received a mixed response from those in Congress as well as outside observers for his measured response to the crisis , including sending military advisers who "  will be prepared to take targeted and precise military action if and when we determine that the situation on the ground requires it . " He also sent Secretary of State John Kerry to Europe and the Middle East to engage allies and interested parties in the crisis . Emphasizing Kerry 's diplomatic trip , Obama said in a portion of an interview aired Sunday that the U.S. is not going to deal with Iraq unilaterally . He also said the U.S. has to have a "  more focused , more targeted strategy " as extremist groups are active throughout the Middle East and North Africa . " -LSB- What -RSB- we ca n't do is think that we 're just going to play Whac-a-Mole and send U.S. troops occupying various countries wherever these organizations pop up , " Obama said on CBS News ' "  Face the Nation , " echoing remarks he made in a news conference Thursday . Cheney , however , wants troops -- and more of them . "  When we 're arguing over 300 advisers when the request had been for 20,000 in order to do the job right , I 'm not sure we 've really addressed the problem , " he said on "  This Week . " And Cheney said if it were up to him , he would assist the Iraqi army with training and provide Shiites with weapons "  to be able to do a more effective job . " Rogers criticized the President 's overall philosophy on the region . "  And it 's not Whac-a-Mole , this is in our national security interest . Bumper sticker phrases are n't gon na win this thing , " Rogers said . "  We 've got ta be dug in for the long haul because they 're dug in for the long haul . " Opinion : Obama 's sensible Iraq plan is likely doomed Opinion : Can Obama avoid mission creep ? Obama , however , has his supporters . "  I think the President is doing the right thing , " Feinstein said . "  He 's being a bit circumspect . He 's being thoughtful . " Rep. Michael McCaul of Texas , chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , said the President 's actions are "  a little late , " but he added , "  I do think they 're on the right track now in terms of this dual strategy . " Boxer said she agrees with the President . "  We 're not going to go back into that war again , ever , " she said on CBS News ' "  Face the Nation . " Paul , who does n't believe ISIS is an immediate threat to the United States , said he 'd be cautious about any further action , wanting to see whether the Shiites are going to stand up and fight . " -LSB- Am -RSB- I willing to send my son to retake back a city , Mosul , that they were n't willing to defend themselves ? I 'm not willing to send my son into that mess , " Paul said on "  State of the Union . " Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , a member of the Intelligence and Foreign Relations committees but also a potential contender for the 2016 presidential race , differentiated himself from Paul , a possible presidential challenger . He said on "  Face the Nation " that he hopes Obama 's plan is "  not simply a symbolic measure " but "  the first step in a multistep process . " Rubio advocated for a plan similar to Cheney 's that included airstrikes to cut off ISIS 's supply lines from Syria and to "  potentially " hit ISIS 's command structure . "  The reason that al Qaeda was able to carry out the 9/11 attacks is because they had a safe operating space in Afghanistan that the Taliban had given them . And now history is trying to repeat itself here , " Rubio said . Obama said ISIS fighting "  could spill over into some of our , you know , allies like Jordan . " Rogers was more direct : "  It 's not that they may have designs on Jordan , they do have designs on Jordan . " Kerry : U.S. would communicate with Iran , not work with it , against ISIS	Sen. Dianne Feinstein said intelligence was n't fully aware of the swift capabilities of ISIS . Rep. Mike Rogers said intelligence is n't to blame , policy is . Former VP Dick Cheney said Obama is "  dead wrong " on Iraq Sen. Rand Paul blamed the Iraq War for creating chaos in the region
The U.S. Army reported Thursday that there were 325 confirmed or potential suicides last year among active and nonactive military personnel . "  Our highest on record , " said Lt. Gen. Howard Bromberg , deputy chief of staff , manpower and personnel for the Army . The grim total exceeds the number of total U.S. Army deaths  219  and total military deaths  313  in Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan , according to figures published by the military 's Defense Casualty Analysis System . For all of last year , 182 potential active-duty suicides were reported , 130 of which have been confirmed and 52 of which remain under investigation , it said . And 143 potential not-on-active-duty suicides were reported  96 Army National Guard and 47 Army Reserve  , 117 of which have been confirmed and 26 remain under investigation . The total for 2011 was 283 -- 165 confirmed active-duty suicides and 118 confirmed not-on-active-duty suicides  82 Army National Guard and 36 Army Reserve  . No cases were under investigation . The toll comes despite what the military touts as extensive support and counseling programs . "  The Army continues to take aggressive measures head-on to meet the challenge of suicides as every loss of life impacts our family , " said Bromberg . "  In spite of the increased loss of life to suicide , with calendar year 2012 being our highest on record , the Army is confident that through our continued emphasis in the services , programs , policies and training that support our Army family , we will overcome this threat to our Force . " How virtual reality can combat veterans ' PTSD For years , the Pentagon has struggled with how to identify service members at risk for suicide and to provide counseling and other services . The Army and Navy have focused on teaching "  resiliency " to troops in hopes of helping them cope with stress . Military experts have long said one of the enduring challenges is that there does n't appear to be a direct link between suicides and the stress of being in the combat zone . "  Nobody knows No. 1 , why all the suicides . Nobody has a good theoretical model for explaining this vector , but these are some possible contributors , " said Dr. William Nash , an expert in combat stress injuries . "  The whole system being strained , more temper , stigma is rampant , leaders who should be getting more education for mental health issues but are not . " Nash said the stigma discourages soldiers from reporting issues related to stress in the combat zone . "  To the extent that a military service branch that is having basically an epidemic of post-traumatic stress disorder is not embracing it as an epidemic , but instead sees it as ` they 're faking , ' " he said . "  Which has been part of the stigma problem . " Treating PTSD with Ecstasy The Army 's statement said it had expanded the Strong Bonds Program to strengthen relationships and family bonds ; certified more than 3,000 additional suicide prevention trainers in the Ask , Care , Escort suicide intervention program ; revised the Comprehensive Soldier Fitness program to include family members ; increased the volume and availability of behavioral health services ; and conducted an Army-wide stand down during Suicide Prevention Month to promote increased leaders ' awareness and involvement . The numbers did not surprise Paul Sullivan , a member of the board of Veterans for Common Sense , a nonprofit advocacy group . "  As the service members return home and as the wars wind down , the mental trauma of war remains and there is an urgent need to make sure every service member receives a psychological evaluation upon returning home , and whenever a service member reaches out for help , the service member needs to receive it immediately , " he said . "  In both of those areas , the military is trying to improve , yet it 's still falling short . For example , the military is now providing more psychological exams , but it 's not doing it for every soldier coming back . And the military still reports that it 's short-handed for mental health professionals and , because of the vacancies , that means either veterans do n't see a doctor at all , there 's delay seeing a doctor , the veteran is put in group therapy instead of individual or the veteran is given prescription drugs instead of receiving one-on-one counseling , which is the best standard . " The suicide hotline is 800-273-8255 . A private-sector group , the Tragedy Assistance Program for Survivors  TAPS  , which provides military grief support programs , has reported it receives eight to 10 cases a week of people seeking help dealing with the suicide of a service member . Of the people contacting the organization for care and support , 18 % were "  grieving a death by suicide , " TAPS has said . Families face more challenges when military parents return	The Army reports 325 suicides last year among active and non-active military personnel "  Our highest on record , " says Lt. Gen. Howard Bromberg The total for 2011 was 283
CNN  -- The Mexico Football Federation has banned Carlos Vela and Efrain Juarez from national team duty for six months , following reports the pair threw a party at the team hotel after their friendly in Colombia on September 8 . Arsenal forward Vela and Juarez , who signed for Scottish side Celtic during the last transfer window , were not the only players punished over the incident , with 11 other squad members being fined approximately $ 4,000 each . Those 11 included Manchester United and Fulham pair Javier Hernandez and Carlos Salcido , as well as Tottenham Hotspur 's Giovani dos Santos and New York Red Bulls ' star Rafael Marquez . Unconfirmed reports in the Mexican press claimed that the party , thrown in the northern city of Monterrey , cost around $ 2,500 . Mexico national team director Nestor de la Torre announced the reprimands at a press conference on Wednesday . "  Carlos Vela and Efrain Juarez will be suspended for six months from the date of these events  September 8  , for calls for the national team , because there were faults in four sections of the national team rules , " he said . The other players to be fined were Guillermo Ochoa , Francisco Rodriguez , Andres Guardado , Gerrardo Torrado , Pablo Barrera , Enrique Esqueda and Hector Moreno .	Carlos Vela and Efrain Juarez have been banned from the Mexico team for six months The pair allegedly threw a party at the team hotel after a friendly against Colombia Eleven other players have been punished , each receiving a fine of approximately $ 4000
CNN  -- The Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus , better known as MERS , may be an airborne virus , according to an observation paper published Tuesday in the journal mBio . There have been 836 laboratory-confirmed cases of MERS infection since its first appearance in 2012 , according to the latest numbers provided by the World Health Organization . At least 288 related deaths have officially been reported to the WHO . Scientists are still trying to figure out how the deadly virus is transmitted . Saudi Arabia reports big jump in MERS cases Researchers from King Fahd Medical Research Center in Saudi Arabia collected three air samples from a camel barn . Previously , they had found MERS in a camel from that barn and in its infected owner , who later died from the condition . After analyzing the air sample , the scientists found one strain of MERS RNA , the viral genome . Interestingly , the barn air tested positive for MERS on the exact same day that one of the nine camels in the barn tested positive for MERS . Also , the virus from the air sample was identical to the virus found in nasal samples from the infected camel and its owner . "  These data show evidence for the presence of the airborne MERS in the same barn that was owned by the patient and sheltered the infected camels , " the study authors write . But does that mean MERS is easily transmitted through the air ? "  What they say is that virus particles can be airborne , but it 's premature to conclude that MERS is transmitted through aerosols , " said Dr. Mark Denison , a professor of pathology , microbiology and immunology at Vanderbilt University School of Medicine in Nashville , Tennessee . The key point is the difference between dead virus particles and a viable virus . "  I could take billions of particles of dead viruses and could still find the RNA . That does n't mean that there are infectious aerosols , " Denison said . Kevin Olival , a senior research scientist at EcoHealth Alliance , agrees on that distinction . "  We know that MERS is found in nasal secretion of camels , so virus particles being spread out in a barn is not a surprise , " he said . "  Whether or not you can get infected , and if it 's a cause for concern , is still an open question . " However , previous studies have suggested that there must be a way MERS is shed into the environment . Several reports in the past have shown MERS infection of those in close contact with infected patients . The exact pathways of infections are unclear . "  Do we still need to consider the possibility of airborne transmission ? Yes , of course , " Denison said . But in order to fully understand whether airborne transmission plays a role in MERS , further research is needed , Denison and Olival conclude . Illinois man did n't have MERS , CDC says	There have been 836 confirmed cases of MERS infection Scientists are trying to figure out how MERS is transmitted Researchers in Saudi Arabia found MERS RNA in barn air
CNN  -- Apple has acknowledged a problem with battery life on the iPhone 4S and other devices running its new operating system . The company says a software update coming "  in a few weeks " will address the problem . The company previously had not publicly acknowledged complaints about battery life on the phone , which surfaced soon after it was released October 14 and continued to grow in the weeks since . "  A small number of customers have reported lower than expected battery life on iOS 5 devices , " Apple said in a statement to AllThingsD , a part of the Wall Street Journal network . "  We have found a few bugs that are affecting battery life and we will release a software update to address those in a few weeks . " Comments on a thread started October 15 in Apple 's support forums to complain about battery life had grown to 217 pages by Thursday morning . Apple has declined to comment beyond its basic statement . Messages from CNN requesting information about the complaints were not returned . The poorer-than-expected battery life has largely been attributed to location-based apps and other power-draining features of the iOS 5 system . Some users have reported improvements when they disable time-zone and GPS features , while others have said the improvements were minimal . The apparent glitch is the second time in a row that a popular iPhone has experienced a highly publicized problem in its early days . And the responses , so far , have been similar . The iPhone 4 suffered from what some called the death grip , causing users who held the phone in a certain way to lose phone calls . Apple denied that there was a problem before eventually saying that it did , in fact , affect a small number of customers . The company eventually offered free cases , which improved the phone 's reception . Neither time has the problem affected sales in a major way . The iPhone 4 is the most popular smartphone in the world , and the 4S is on track to perform just as well , starting with a reported 4 million sales in its first three days on the market .	Apple admits iPhone 4S battery-drain problems Company says "  a small number of customers " reported poor battery life A software fix is coming "  in a few weeks , " Apple says
The scandal over allegations about NSA surveillance overseas , including monitoring of the cell phone conversations of German Chancellor Angela Merkel and millions of phone calls in France , is another huge blow to President Barack Obama . The news has caused a big uproar in Western Europe , with Merkel demanding a response from Washington . It was "  incredible that an allied country like the United States and at this point goes as far as spying on private communications that have no strategic justification , " said Jean-Marc Ayrault , the Prime Minister of France . "  Trust needs to be rebuilt , " Merkel said . While observers warn these complaints are hypocritical and have more to do with domestic politics in Western Europe than true feelings about the United States , this incident is nonetheless much more than a mere blip in the time line of Obama 's presidency . The recent National Security Agency revelation is one more step in a series of revelations about practices that have undercut a central promise that candidate Obama made in 2008 -- to repair America 's standing in the world . When Obama took office , America 's position in the global community had greatly deteriorated . President George W. Bush 's war in Iraq , and his unilateral approach to foreign policy , had generated tremendous distrust and anger overseas , including among our closest allies . So , too , had Bush 's apparent disregard for civil liberties and willingness to ignore international standards against the use of torture . The United States was seen as a country that acted solely in its own interest and that cared little for protecting strong and durable multilateral alliances . The United States , in the minds of its critics , also took reckless actions to defend its national security interests without thinking about the consequences . Obama was determined to correct this . This had been a constant theme of his campaign against presidential opponent Sen. John McCain , more so than almost any domestic issue . In June 2008 , speaking in Germany near the place where the Berlin Wall once stood , Obama said that , "  In Europe , the view that America is part of what has gone wrong in the world rather than a force to help make it right has become all too common . " He continued to expound on this theme in his first year as president . His stirring speech in Cairo in June 2009 offered inspirational words to many of his supporters , evidence that the president was serious about fixing the damage that had occurred under Bush . But the promise is unfulfilled . Over the years , it has become clear that Obama left much more of Bush 's foreign policy framework in place than many of his supporters had expected . He continued with an extremely aggressive campaign against terrorist networks , employing drone strikes to destroy networks even when there have been significant civilian causalities , allowing for tough interrogation techniques and detention policies and depending on secret processes that created little accountability for what the government was doing , other than when leakers revealed classified information . Inconsistent policies toward authoritarian Middle Eastern regimes in countries such as Syria , as well as turbulence in Egypt following the fall of Hosni Mubarak , have greatly dampened the enthusiasm about Obama that had existed after 2008 . Nor did Obama do much to strengthen civil liberties . The public has begun to learn how extensive the surveillance has been on their phones , on their computers and every other type of communication that occurs . In short , the government has been watching . To be sure , the success at generally preventing terrorist strikes within the U.S. , barring Boston , is a central accomplishment of his presidency . But the difficulties he has faced achieving the balance he promised in relations with the rest of the world have come with a cost . The NSA issue began with a debate about the proper domestic balance between civil liberties and counterterrorism and has now has extended into the realm of diplomacy . Obama needs to make this right . The controversy hurts the ability of the United States to maintain strong relations with the allies whose support is essential to the war on terrorism , as well as in fighting against other global threats . He must provide answers and show that the government is responding to concerns about NSA practices . One administration official has told the Wall Street Journal that President Obama had been unaware of NSA spying on 35 world leaders and that , as soon as he learned of the practice through an internal review  a response to the political outrage over the revelations of the spy program  , he put parts of the program to an end . Even if this is the case -- and the president will need to make clear this is so given how cynical and skeptical the world has become about U.S. political rhetoric on these matters -- the information begs the question of how the NSA was allowed to remain so unaccountable even to the Commander-in-Chief and , more importantly , what steps President Obama will now take to make sure we conduct our counterterrorism programs within some kinds of parameters and guidelines . If Obama does nothing further , the ongoing revelations will leave behind the same kinds of problems that he , as a candidate , understood to be so devastating in 2008 .	Julian Zelizer : Barack Obama promised to reverse George W. Bush 's unilateral approach He says by sticking with Bush 's policies , Obama has disappointed allies , friends Zelizer : Obama needs to make good on his promise to have U.S. work better with the world
CNN  -- On the backs of iPods , iPhones and iPads , and on the bottom of Mac laptops , an inscription reads : "  Designed by Apple in California . Assembled in China . " The parts themselves come from more than 150 companies from various parts of the world . The majority of those antennas , glass , metal , sensors and silicon are manufactured overseas . How Apple finds parts and manufactures its products , almost entirely abroad , is standard protocol in the technology industry . Electronics companies say Asian manufacturing plants are more affordable and more versatile than those found anywhere else in the world . But as the most valuable tech company in the world , Apple is seen by many as a role model in business . And its reliance on cheap overseas labor -- most notably at factories in China run by manufacturer Foxconn -- has come under increased scrutiny in recent media coverage by CNN , The New York Times and other outlets . Foxconn , owned by Hon Hai Precision Industry , counts Apple among its business clients , which also include Amazon.com , Hewlett-Packard , Microsoft and many other tech giants . Apple has reported violations at its facilities , and Foxconn has come under fire for a slew of worker suicides in 2010 and conditions that workers-rights groups say are inhumane . Workers at Foxconn and other plants in Asia must stay busy to keep up with the world 's seemingly insatiable demand for Apple products . During the last three months of 2011 , Apple sold 37 million iPhones , 15.4 million iPads , 15.4 million iPods and 5.2 million Mac computers , according to the company 's financial report . That netted Apple $ 46.3 billion in revenue and $ 13.1 billion in profit , which is double what Apple made during the same period a year before . Where does all that profit come from ? Take the iPhone , for example . The iPhone 4S sells for $ 199 if the customer signs a two-year cellular contract . But AT&T , Sprint Nextel and Verizon Wireless pay Apple much more for the phones in order to sell them at a lower price , a process called subsidizing . To get a so-called "  unlocked " or contract-free iPhone , expect to pay at least $ 649 to Apple . The costs of parts and manufacturing for Apple 's iPhone 4S is estimated to be $ 196 , according to industry research firm IHS iSuppli . That 's $ 453 less than Apple charges for a contract-free phone . Marketing and research can add up , but no matter which way you cut it , Apple is making a sizable profit on each phone it sells , said iSuppli analyst Tom Dinges . Apple has more than 60,000 employees , most of whom work in its retail stores . To build parts and assemble products , Apple has a long list of partners . That 's partly done to avoid being dependent on any one manufacturer and to get favorable deals on each part from the many competing companies . Still , Apple tries to minimize the number of companies with which it signs deals , Dinges said . That way , Apple wields more influence because it 's among the biggest-spending clients , he said . "  They 'd rather be a mile deep in a supplier than divide the business up amongst five , " Dinges said . "  You 're going to take care of your biggest customers first . " In its supplier report , Apple says 156 companies account for 97 % of the money spent on materials , manufacturing and assembly for its coveted gadgets . When the client is a powerhouse like Apple , winning a contract to be one of those 156 is a major event . In Wall Street parlance , it moves stock . Being anointed by Apple boosts a supplier 's credibility , but Apple is a shrewd negotiator , from how it develops an iPad to how it leases or builds the retail store it 's sold in . This reportedly forces Apple 's partners to push workers and cut corners in order to wring profits . Apple told CNN in a statement that its expectations for suppliers to operate responsibly increase each year . Apple says it conducted 229 audits of suppliers last year and reported its findings publicly online . "  We care about every worker in our worldwide supply chain , " Apple said in the statement . "  We insist that our suppliers provide safe working conditions , treat workers with dignity and respect , and use environmentally responsible manufacturing processes wherever Apple products are made . Our suppliers must live up to these requirements if they want to keep doing business with Apple . "	The parts and manufacturing for Apple products mostly happens overseas It 's common for consumer electronics to be built in Asian factories Apple has more than 150 suppliers and manufacturers for its products
CNN  -- As so often happens , news of North Korea 's latest leadership move trickled out from the regime 's official KCNA news agency and hinted at a power shift in Pyongyang . In a report published on the country 's May Day celebrations , the government mouthpiece named Hwang Pyong-so , a senior official of the ruling Workers ' Party of Korea and one of Kim Jong Un 's closest confidantes , as director of the General Political Bureau of the Korean People 's Army . The position is seen as the military 's top political office . Beyond a cursory mention of Hwang 's new title , the news agency did not elaborate on changes behind the political curtain . Promotion The role is the top military position after Kim , who is supreme commander of the armed forces . Hwang was promoted to Vice Marshal just ahead of the KCNA report that named him as the new military political chief . Previously , Vice Marshal Choe Ryong-hae held the position . While in the job , Choe was widely regarded by North Korea watchers as second only to Kim in terms of political clout . However , speculation about his position has been rife following reports that he may have been arrested , some months ago . This conjecture appeared to have been unfounded as he maintained his position and had been a visible member of the regime until very recently , although his absence may have been due to poor health . The KCNA 's May Day report , however , seems to have definitively denuded him of his power . In the same piece that effectively coronated Hwang , Choe was referred to as a party secretary in charge of labor groups -- a relatively minor position . Political consolidation It 's not the first time that Kim , who took power in 2011 , has made personnel changes at the top . Moves -- some more high profile than others -- seem to be efforts by Kim to consolidate his position by elevating his own confidantes over those who served his father , the late Kim Jong Il . In December 2013 , he removed his uncle by marriage , Jang Song Thaek , from his position as top adviser and one of the most influential persons in the political hierarchy of North Korea in a very public purge . Kim had the man who was considered to be a close adviser of the scion of the Kim dynasty , which has ruled the North since the Korean War , executed and all but wiped from the record . Despite the eggshells that seem to surround the country 's most influential political positions , it is not thought that Choe has suffered the same fate as Jang . Purge unlikely A Unification Ministry source told the New York Times that it is unlikely that Choe has been purged . Seasoned North Korea watchers echo the line . An editorial on the independent specialist site NK News said that "  it appears ... Choe is not being purged so much as being gradually phased out of power , " while 38 North said that the news showed "  so far no indication that it represents another broad purge such as occurred with Jang Song Thaek last December . " The move comes as the international community suspects the secretive state to be gearing up for another nuclear test , as well as rattling its neighbors with further live fire drills . North Korea conducts live-fire exercises amid escalating tensions North Korea says it has American in custody South Korea : North Korea ready for nuclear test	North Korean state media names Hwang Pyong-so as influential military figure Hwang apparently replaces Choe Ryong-hae , who may have fallen out of favor North Korean watchers do n't think Choe will suffer same fate as Kim 's uncle
CNN  -- After seven years in exile , former Haitian President Jean-Bertrand Aristide will be back in his homeland Friday , two days ahead of a highly anticipated election , his U.S. attorney said . Aristide was at the privately-owned Lanseria International Airport in Johannesburg , South Africa on Thursday , said lawyer Ira Kurzban who is accompanying Aristide back to Port-au-Prince along with actor Danny Glover , an Aristide supporter and critic of U.S. objections to his return . A diplomatic source who is not authorized to speak to the media confirmed to CNN that Aristide was boarding an outgoing jet from South Africa Thursday night . A group of prominent U.S. lawyers sent a letter , meanwhile , to Cheryl Mills , chief of staff at the State Department , lashing out at what they said was American interference with Aristide 's "  constitutional and human right to return . " "  The United States trying to control when any Haitian citizen -- especially a former president -- can enter Haiti is outrageous , " said Bill Quigley , a New Orleans law professor and legal director of the Center for Constitutional Rights . "  It violates a stack of binding international human rights treaties , " he said . "  I felt compelled to speak out to defend both President Aristide 's human rights and the American tradition of rule of law that I teach in my classroom . " The United States warned Monday that Aristide 's presence in Haiti could disrupt Sunday 's runoff vote that will decide Haiti 's next leader . The office has been in dispute since a late November election ended with controversy and allegations of widespread fraud . "  Mr. Aristide has chosen to remain outside of Haiti for seven years , " State Department spokesman Mark Toner said . "  To return this week can only be seen as a conscious choice to impact Haiti 's elections ... Return prior to the election may potentially be destabilizing to the political process . " Kurzban said Aristide planned to get involved with educational projects and teach . He wants to return before Sunday 's election , Kurzban said , because he had "  genuine concerns that the next president may take a different view " and not allow Aristide to return . "  It is not to be involved in the elections , as the United States suggests , " Kurzban said . Aristide 's supporters , including Glover , say that the former Roman Catholic priest and Haiti 's first democratically elected president was shuttled out of Haiti by the United States after his second presidential term was aborted by a coup in 2004 . They say the White House wants to keep Aristide out of Haiti in favor of a leader more in line with its own views . "  I am going to South Africa to show our solidarity with the people of Haiti by standing at the side of the leader they elected twice with overwhelming support : President Jean-Bertrand Aristide , " Glover said in a statement . "  People of good conscience can not be idle while a former dictator is able to return unhindered while a democratic leader who peacefully handed over power to another elected president is restricted from returning to his country by external forces , " Glover said , referring to Jean-Claude "  Baby Doc " Duvalier , who fled into exile in France in 1986 after 15 years of iron-fisted rule . Duvalier stunned the world by returning to Haiti in January . Shortly after , Aristide again aired his desire to go back home . The Haitian government issued him a new passport last month . Aristide retains a following in Haiti , especially among the poorest of the poor , who first catapulted him to power in 1990 with more than 67 percent of the vote . But Aristide 's relationship with his homeland , as well as the international community , has been a complicated one . He gained popularity in Haiti by giving the poor and disenfranchised a voice , but his critics accused him of corruption , greed and human rights abuses -- problems that have plagued the impoverished Caribbean nation under other leaders as well . Last year , a massive earthquake devastated Haiti . Recovery efforts have been slow and have complicated the election process . The United Nations voiced concerns this week over violence marring the campaign and called on "  all candidates , especially those in the presidential run-off , to avoid threats , intimidation and harassment . " "  Consolidation of democracy in Haiti depends largely on the will of politicians to adopt the principles of a peaceful transfer of power and to accept election results in accordance with mechanisms provided by the electoral law , " said a statement from the U.N. Stabilization Mission in Haiti  MINUSTAH  , which has been in Haiti since Aristide 's departure . The presidential vote pits former first lady Mirlande Manigat against popular musician Michel Martelly in a runoff that was delayed by two months because of unrest and charges of fraud . CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse contributed to this story from Cape Town , South Africa .	Aristide is scheduled to fly to Haiti Thursday night The former president wants to return to Haiti after seven years in exile The White House has opposed his return before Sunday 's election But Aristide 's supporters say no one has the right to block his return
CNN  -- A rebel group that fought the government of the Democratic Republic of Congo for nearly two years announced Tuesday it would disarm . In a statement on the Facebook page for M23 , leader Bertrand Bisimwa said the group would immediately end its rebellion and "  pursue , by purely political means , a search for solutions to the profound issues that led to its creation . " The move came a day after the group and the Congolese government agreed to a ceasefire , during talks in South Africa . Previous talks took place in Uganda . "  To this effect , the major general and all unit commanders of the of the Congolese Revolutionary Army are asked to prepare the troops for the disarmament process , " Bisimwa 's statement added . "  This is a hopeful first step toward peace and prosperity in this region , " said Russ Feingold , the U.S. special envoy to the Congo and the Great Lakes region . He predicted that the agreements could be signed "  in the next few days . " But , he told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour from Johannesburg , South Africa , "  no one should mistake this as the final solution to this problem . " He noted that dozens of armed groups fighting over complex issues have killed more than 5 million people in the past two decades in the region . "  We need a broader political dialogue to solve that , " he said . Feingold urged that amnesty not be granted to those who committed war crimes or crimes against humanity , but said he hoped that the "  vast majority " of M23 members would be able to reintegrate into Congolese life . The Congolese government called the move a "  step in the right direction " which came after rebel forces were defeated in their last strongholds by Congolese army and security forces . A government spokesman said the rebel group and government officials would eventually sign an 11-point declaration , according to a statement on the website of the state-run Congolese Press Agency . However , the spokesman said , the declaration would only be signed after the government could be certain that M23 members were taking the ceasefire and disarmament plan seriously . The announcement by M23 's leader came as a spokesperson for the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said in a statement Tuesday that 10,000 people had fled in recent days across DRC 's eastern border at Bunagana into southwest Uganda 's Kisoro district , a direct result of fighting between M23 and government troops . On Monday , the U.N. group transported 3,624 refugees from the border to the Nyakabande transit center , which is located 23 kilometers away . They represent the largest number in a day since the fighting between the government and M23 began in April 2012 , the statement said . Other refugees were walking to the center , where 8,230 people were staying on Tuesday . The center has a capacity of 10,000 , it added . "  Many of the new arrivals are suffering from dehydration and diarrhea , " it said . More than half of the new arrivals were young children , many of whom had been separated from their parents while running from the border , it said . In late October , a U.N. peacekeeper was killed during fighting between Congolese forces and M23 rebels , according to a United Nations statement . The Tanzanian peacekeeper was part the U.N. Organization Stabilization Mission in the eastern part of the vast Central African nation . The mission was joining the Congolese military in an effort to protect civilians about 25 kilometers  15 miles  north of Goma , the largest city in the region , the statement said . Rebels briefly held Goma a year ago . The eastern part of the DRC is a mineral-rich region at the epicenter of a bloody political and ethnic conflict involving its neighbors to the east , Uganda and Rwanda . Clashes in the region over the past year between the M23 rebel group and Congolese government troops have displaced more than 100,000 people , according to the U.N. M23 is named for a March 23 , 2009 , agreement it accuses the government of having violated . The soldiers , mostly from the Tutsi ethnic group , became part of the national army through that accord . However , they broke away from the Congolese army last year , complaining of lack of pay , poor conditions and failure to receive promised promotions .	NEW : More than 8,000 refugees fled to Uganda in recent days , UNHCR says NEW : Congolese government calls M23 announcement "  step in right direction " A rebel leader promises his group will end its campaign and disarm Rebels briefly held the city of Goma last year before being driven out
CNN  -- The news editor of the Zambian newspaper The Post has gone on trial for allegedly circulating obscene material to politicians , the newspaper states on its Web site . Zambia President Rupiah Banda has branded the childbirth photos pornographic . In early June , Chansa Kabwela wrote to the country 's vice president , health minister and several non-governmental organizations to highlight problems in the country 's health-care system -- especially the problems pregnant women faced during a strike by health-care workers . In her letter , Kabwela included several photos of a woman giving birth in a parking lot outside a hospital from which she had been turned away , according to Reporters Without Borders . The country 's president , Rupiah Banda , branded the photos pornographic and called for Kabwela 's arrest and prosecution , according to the press freedom organization . "  Kabwela 's arrest is shocking and the grounds are ridiculous , " the organization said in a statement on its Web site after the arrest . Now the trial into the alleged obscene photos has begun in the Lusaka magistrate 's court , the newspaper Web site says . One of the first witnesses , Kenneth Ngosa , a senior private secretary to the vice president , told the court he was immediately disturbed by the pictures he found inside the letter , according to the paper . The Post described the courtroom as "  packed to capacity " and said "  people from all works of life including musicians and opposition political party members " had come to support Kabwela . Defense lawyer George Chisanga has asked the court to look into whether the president 's order to arrest and prosecute Kabwela could influence the course of justice . A joint statement from several Zambian media organizations , published on The Post 's Web site , calls for the government to amend the law on obscenity to clarify what constitutes obscenity and material that can corrupt morals . The statement concedes that the pictures were in bad taste , but notes that they were sent on behalf of a good cause : to end the strike . CNN efforts to obtain comment from both The Post and the Zambian government have been unsuccessful . According to the latest figures from the World Health Organization , in 2004 the mortality rate of children under 5 years old in Zambia was 182 per 1,000 live births . In the United States , under-5 mortality rate was 8 per 1,000 live births in 2006 . Skilled health personnel attended only 43 percent of childbirths in Zambia in 2002 , according to the health organization .	News editor of Zambian newspaper on trial for circulating obscene material Chansa Kabwela sent pictures of a woman giving birth in a parking lot to President She says she wanted to highlight problems in country 's healthcare system President Banda branded the images pornographic and had Kabwela arrested
CNN  -- On some forgotten day in 2004 , Cerro Negro , a soot-colored volcano in Nicaragua , was host to an unusual visitor . On the steep flank of the mountain , a man was bent low to the basalt scree , laboring upward . On his back teetered a small refrigerator , recently removed from a hotel minibar . Daryn Webb had a plan , and for someone intent on "  riding " a fridge down the side of an active volcano , a great deal of optimism might be assumed too . What happened when Webb reached a suitably daring altitude , jumped aboard his fridge and set to his ambitious plummet is n't recorded , though he did survive to concoct more hair-brained schemes . Nobody I 've met is sure about the fridge . Perhaps it was n't sturdy enough for high-velocity volcano travel , or perhaps there was a disappointing , crawling end to the journey . Undeterred , Webb 's next experiment on Cerro Negro involved a mattress , and , later , his front door . Perhaps because his home was getting a little breezy and running low on appliances , he eventually gathered some tools and wood and knocked up the world 's very first volcano board , later to belt down the same volcano with more success . Unique conditions for fun Almost a decade on and a successor to Webb 's prototype is wedged under my arm as I plod through the sun-washed scrub beneath the cone of Cerro Negro , aka The Black Hill . Ahead , a 20-strong scrambling chain of fellow volcano boarders heading to the summit is a shock of orange against the dark basalt -- we 're all donned in convict-style luminous jump suits . As I clamber up  the hike to the top takes about an hour  , crunching the brittle rock formed by cooled lava under-boot , a thin breeze blunts the formidable heat . The sun is high , and the sky unmarred by clouds . It 's tough to think of a more dramatic place to play in , and it 's about to get more so . "  Check this out guys ! " hollers Jessie , our dreadlocked guide from Quebec , as she motions to a mass of pale rocks , beneath which steam leaks out into the thick air . Not far beneath our feet , the world burns . Cerro Negro is a baby in geological terms , the youngest volcano , in fact , in all of Central America -- some boast in an area with such a fund of them . Since its birth in 1850 it has erupted 23 times , the last in 1999 just before the sport of volcano boarding took hold . Jessie reminds us that The Black Hill does n't just appear menacing , it really is . Another eruption is overdue . This is probably the only place in the world you can book a tour to go volcano boarding . There are a few reports of people trying something similar in Vanuatu , but the sport has n't taken hold there . Neither too large nor too small for careering down  roughly 1,500 feet from peak to base  , the smooth , denuded conditions on Cerro Negro make it the ideal place for such madness . "  To our knowledge , volcano boarding is only possible on Cerro Negro , " says Timothy Brauning of the Bigfoot tour company , which leads volcano boarding trips . "  In parts of South America , and other parts of the world , there is something called ` sand boarding , ' but this is nothing like volcano boarding . "  Because of the surface of the volcano and the weather conditions constant at this volcano , we are able to slide down at speeds up to 95 kph . "  When the volcano erupts , the prevailing winds push all of the ash and small pebbles to one side of the volcano , while the actual eruption happens on the other side of the volcano causing a smooth surface on the west side of the volcano . " "  Three-two-one , go ! " We all eventually heave ourselves to the top of a ridge , which curves around to the launching point . To the east rise other peaks in the Los Maribios volcanic chain , and beyond them , the Pacific glimmers . A smudge , jet black , covers the eastern side of the mountain -- a cooled lava flow from the 1999 eruption -- while most of the surrounding land is a sultry and baked expanse , so hot it dances . The city of Leon is below too , the country 's largest after the capital , and launching point for tours like this by Bigfoot . From our vantage point , the angle of the slope looks too wild to be rideable , though Eric Barone might argue otherwise . The Frenchman descended the slope on a bicycle in 2002 , achieving a world record of 172 kph on gravel , before wiping out and breaking , according to Jessie , "  pretty much everything you can break . " Meaning bones . "  Who 's up ? " Jessie asks . Our silence is fractured by a few nervous giggles Then a girl strides forward to claim pole position , goggles up and sits down on the board , which is rectangular and made of plywood reinforced with Formica and with metal mounted on the bottom . There 's a rope to hold in your hands . Variations on the theme are constructed by individual tour companies operating out of Leon . Instructions are terse and delivered by Jessie with mock gravity : "  Elbows in , feet forward , good to go . " The girl and board crawl off with a sound of wood crunching rock , then momentum builds and she 's soon just a soft orange mote chased by a smoky scar , like a jet trail . Then I 'm up . "  Ready ? " "  Yep " "  Three-two-one , go ! " Scattering gravel The board edges forward and scatters gravel , the world tilts downward , air whistles by . I realize early that I 'm close to sliding off , but I 'm too committed now so I do n't bother to brake by tapping my feet , and instead let the blurry landscape whip by with gathering pace . Then , at what will prove my terminal velocity , the board slips sideways . Basalt has little in common with other surfaces where you might encounter a board with a thrill-seeker on top -- snow and sand , for example . It 's hard , abrasive and plunging face down into it will spoil the rest of your vacation photos . I see the spill coming in plenty of time though , and I pull the volcano boarding equivalent of the ejector seat , hurling myself sideways . When I hit the hard stuff I 've managed to scrunch into a ball , and it only takes me a second to realize I have n't broken "  everything you can break . " In fact , I 'm fine . I rejoin the board , take a second to drink in the vista from a new level , halfway down , and push off for a second time . Speed records Back at the truck I watch the others descend . A few crash , but nobody stays a crumpled heap or shouts in anything but elation . Nearby I spot our driver wielding a police-style speed gun , and when we 're all reunited in the truck the top speeds are disclosed . "  First place : Stephen 65 kmh . " I 'm first ! An Australian guy , who claims second place , looks crushed . I win a paltry orange wristband , but it 's the prestige that counts . It lasts until someone reminds us of the course record : 97 kmh  60 mph  . On the ride back to Leon I give silent thanks to the inspired people of the world : the ones whose minds run off on all manner of daring tangents , like the flanks of Cerro Negro . The ones who admire not just the aesthetics of the wilds , but the possibilities too . And most of all the ones who stare up at active volcanoes and think : "  I wonder if I could ride my fridge down that ? " Volcano boarding can be booked through various local companies including Bigfoot based in Leon . Cost of $ 29 includes transportation , safety equipment and board . Park admission is an additional $ 5 . Tours run most days , year round , weather permitting . Stephen Fabes is a British medical doctor and freelance writer specializing in adventure travel . He 's currently cycling across six of the earth 's continents and blogs at cyclingthe6.com .	Tourist daredevils career down Nicaragua 's Cerro Negro on thin boards at speeds up to 95 kph Cerro Negro is the world 's only "  volcano boarding " venue Various small companies lead volcano boarding excursions out of the city of Leon The sport was invented in 2004 when Daryn Webb rode a small refrigerator down the hill
CNN  -- The United Nations is holding a summit this week in Rio de Janeiro on global sustainable development , but , incredibly , family planning is not on the agenda . How can the summit ignore this elephant in the room ? When the world 's population hit 7 billion in October , experts warned that if nothing is done , the global population could grow by another 3.5 billion by 2050 . Still , many of the world 's women are without the resources to plan their families ' growth effectively -- a major factor in stemming the tide of global population expansion . Clearly , the world 's growing population and the significant challenges it poses must be central to any discussion of sustainable development at the U.N. Earth Summit , also called Rio +20 , taking place Wednesday , Thursday and Friday . Negotiators hammering out the terms for discussion in Rio failed to link the summit 's sustainable development goals to the concerns , needs and desires of women worldwide -- particularly to the role that family planning could play in easing the burdens posed by population growth . We know that when women have access to voluntary family planning services , supplies and information , society sees enormous gains in each of the three pillars of sustainable development -- human development , economic growth and environmental sustainability . Without it , families , communities and natural resources are extraordinarily burdened . Experts estimate that more than 215 million women around the world want to delay or space childbirth but are not using modern contraception . In fact , meeting this need would cost $ 3.6 billion per year , a small amount when you consider the enormous benefits . Providing modern contraception also has the potential to stem population growth and relieve human pressure on the environment and natural resources . We urge governments and global agencies at Rio to make this a priority . We are at a moment in history where we still have time to make a difference . It is essential that the global discussion in Rio not be blind to the potential solutions that access to voluntary family planning could offer to many of the world 's problems . Our goal is not to control the population : It is to empower women and families , giving them a say over when they will bring another child into this world . We know that when a woman can plan the size of her family , she is healthier , more likely to finish her education , join the labor force , become more economically productive and engage in politics , thus more effectively shaping the future of her family and her country . We also know that when governments invest simultaneously in voluntary family planning , public health and education , countries can benefit from the "  demographic dividend " seen in the Asian Tiger countries . Frustratingly , instead of recognizing these links , Rio negotiators so far have sidelined them . Every second , every day , every year we fail to address demand for reproductive health and family planning services . Lives are lost and girls ' opportunities to thrive and contribute to their country 's development shrink . These are real people . We know that universal access to voluntary family planning services would prevent 150,000 maternal deaths and 25 million abortions every year . This is an issue all governments and negotiators should agree upon if we are serious about sustainable development . Today , opposition to voluntary family planning can only be attributed at best to outdated thinking , and at worst to a desire to undermine women 's rights . If the motto of the Rio conference is to be realized , that is , to build "  the future we want , " leaders must step up and call for universal access to reproductive health and voluntary family planning for women everywhere who are denied this right . Consider the wider benefits to our planet . Providing women with the desired cost-effective , low-tech family planning services would not only dramatically reduce pressure on natural resources , increase supplies of food and water , decrease the risk of conflict over other scarce resources and improve ecological health , but scientists estimate such services would cut carbon emissions by up to one-quarter of what 's needed to slow climate change -- an outcome equal to ending deforestation around the world , or increasing 40-fold our reliance on wind power . My 15 colleagues and I on the Global Leaders Council for Reproductive Health , most of us former national leaders , call on our fellow leaders and negotiators not to ignore the elephant in the room . They must find the political will to make reproductive health fundamental to implementing sustainable development as a major outcome at Rio . At stake are the very goals the conference is meant to embrace . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jenny Shipley .	Jenny Shipley : Rio summit on sustainable development must address population growth Shipley : Family planning is essential to summit 's goal , yet it 's not on agenda Shipley says 215 million women who want to plan families have no access to birth control Shipley : Family planning enormously benefits women 's lives , the planet , economies
CNN  -- Seventy years ago this week , President Franklin Roosevelt signed the GI Bill of Rights , formally the Servicemen 's Readjustment Act , which the House of Representatives and Senate passed unanimously . It authorized unemployment compensation for a maximum of 52 weeks and guaranteed farm , home and business loans up to $ 2,000 to World War II veterans . Most importantly , by providing up to four years of education and training at annual tuition rates of up to $ 500  the rate then charged by Harvard  , plus a monthly living stipend , the bill made it possible for GIs to attend any college or university that would accept them . That was then . In 2014 , the promise of full and equal access to higher education for men and women in the armed services , and , for that matter , for all academically qualified Americans , has not been fulfilled . Family income , not a concerted national initiative , still dictates whether students , including servicemen and women , go to college and which institutions they attend . More than 2 million World War II veterans went to college on the GI Bill . At least a quarter of them could not have done this without it . Many excelled ; GIs appeared with regularity on honors rolls and deans lists . And they more than paid back the investment that had been made in them . Many of them achieved higher occupational status , more job security , better health and pension benefits and paid more taxes than their peers . They joined 50 % more civic and political organizations and voted more frequently than their contemporaries in post-war America , according to Suzanne Mettler , author of "  Soldiers to Citizens : The GI Bill and the Making of the Greatest Generation " and a professor of government at Cornell University . They also upended a pervasive assumption at the time that college was best suited to affluent Americans . Influenced no doubt by the performance of the first wave of GI Bill students , the 1947 Truman Commission , Higher Education in American Democracy , called for "  free and universal access to higher education " for all Americans based on the interests , needs , and abilities of each student , but without regard to race , creed , sex , national origin or economic circumstances . The GI Bill and the Truman Commission Report touched off a golden age of higher education in the United States . Thanks in no small measure to funding for financial aid and research from states and the federal government , the number of undergraduates increased five-fold from 1945 to 1975 , and graduate students nine-fold , according to Clay Shirky in "  The End of Higher Education 's Golden Age . " In the past 70 years , GI Bill benefits have become significantly less generous than the provisions of the Servicemen 's Readjustment Act of 1944 . The Korean GI Bill of 1952 , the Veterans Readjustment Benefits Act of 1966 and the Montgomery GI Bill of 1985 fell far short of covering tuition and fees at many public and private colleges and universities . While 52 % of World War II veterans enrolled in private colleges and universities under the GI Bill , only 20 % of the veterans of Korea and Vietnam were able to do so . It has become more difficult to ask , as Time magazine did in the 1940s , "  Why go to Podunk College when the government will send you to Yale ? " Although Sen. James Webb wanted his GI Bill , signed into law by President George W. Bush on June 30 , 2008 , to give veterans of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan "  the same educational chance that ` The Greatest Generation ' had , " it provided tuition payments only up to the most expensive in-state public university and restricted eligibility to individuals who spent three years or more on active duty . More generally , state appropriations for all higher education in recent years have leveled off or gone down , and federal funding for financial aid for undergraduates has not kept pace with the cost of attendance at public or private institutions . The maximum Pell grant , which accounted for about four-fifths of the cost at an average public university in the '70s , now covers about 31 % . Little wonder , then , that three of four individuals from families in the top quartile of the economic distribution have received undergraduate degrees by age 24 , but only one of five in the third tier and one of 10 in the fourth -- and the median debt at graduation is rising rapidly . Or that the United States is no longer at the top -- or even near the top -- of countries that send the highest percentage of their young people to college . More than ever , it is clear that educational achievement promotes economic growth , helps our nation compete in world markets and leads to high incomes as well as individual fulfillment . So let 's mark the 70th birthday of the GI Bill not just by celebrating one of the greatest pieces of legislation in American history . We must also insist that Congress make it a high priority to provide the opportunity for our servicemen and women -- and for all young men and women in the United States -- to use higher education to fulfill the American Dream and go as far and as fast as their ambition , discipline and talent will take them .	Glenn Altschuler : 70 years ago , FDR signed GI Bill ; more than 2 million went to college on it After later wars , America 's promise of higher education to vets diminshed , he says He says GI Bill paid off : Vets got better jobs , were more civicly engaged , paid more taxes Writer : Congress must reprioritize this educational pact with vets and all Americans
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Insurgents launched attacks Thursday on a Provincial Reconstruction Team base and a military outpost in Afghanistan , Afghan and NATO officials said . Three insurgents took positions in a home near a PRT base in Kandahar , said the region 's police chief , Salim Ahsas . Officials killed two of the attackers , but one was "  still resisting in the building , " Ahsas said . Residents reported heavy gunfire in the area . The PRT base is about 800 meters  half a mile  from the three-floor building the insurgents are in , said Haji Ahsan , acting head of the Kandahar Provincial Council . "  We can say that this a failed attack by the Taliban , " Ahsan said . "  The Taliban have always been trying to do symbolic attacks to get more attention . " Haji Agha Lali , a member of the Kandahar provincial council , said insurgents were firing small guns and rocket-propelled grenades  RPGs  toward the Provincial Reconstruction Team . There were no casualties among PRT or military personnel , Ahsas said . The Taliban brought in two cars full of explosives , possibly to use in the attack , but authorities gained control of them and were working to defuse them , Ahsas said . The U.S. military describes PRTs as civil-military organizations aimed at helping improve stability and rebuild , usually following hostilities . The U.S. Embassy said the attack on the PRT base began at about 2:45 p.m. local time and was ongoing several hours later . Afghan and coalition forces responded . "  All PRT Chief of Mission personnel are safe and accounted for , but there are unconfirmed reports of a number of other injuries , " the embassy said in a statement . "  We do not have additional details at this time . " The statement noted that U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has said civilians serving in Afghanistan will not be intimidated by such attacks . Lt. Col. Jimmie Cummings , spokesman for NATO 's International Security Assistance Force , said the fighting in Kandahar was one of two incidents Thursday . The second involved a suicide car bomb that exploded outside an ISAF base in the Panjwai region . "  There are no ISAF casualties and the base 's perimeter was not penetrated , " he said . CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report	NEW : The U.S. Embassy says there are reports of injuries NEW : "  This is a failed attack by the Taliban , " an Afghan official says ISAF says a suicide car bomb exploded outside an ISAF base in the Panjwai region No casualties reported among PRT or military personnel
CNN  Houthi rebels in Yemen should stop taking over democratic institutions and start negotiations , the United Nations Security Council unanimously voted in an emergency meeting on Sunday . All parties in Yemen should cease armed hostilities , and the Houthis should withdraw their forces from government institutions , the council said . Sunday 's 15-0 vote came several days after U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon warned that Yemen was "  collapsing before our eyes . " The rebels -- Shiite Muslims who have long felt marginalized in the majority Sunni country -- surrounded the presidential palace last month . Yemen 's President and his Cabinet resigned days later . Last week , the United States , the United Kingdom and France suspended operations at their embassies in the Yemeni capital of Sanaa amid the growing unrest . The Houthi takeover has n't been smooth . There has already been resistance to their attempted takeover of national government institutions from different groups in Yemen , particularly in the south , where there 's a long-running secessionist movement , and in the oil-rich province of Marib to the east of Sanaa . Sunday 's resolution says the Security Council deplores "  the unilateral actions taken by the Houthis to dissolve parliament and take over Yemen 's government institutions , which have seriously escalated the situation , expressing alarm at the acts of violence committed by the Homhis and their supporters , which have undermined the political transition process in Yemen , and jeopardized the security , stability , sovereignty and unity of Yemen . " The resolution also noted "  grave concern that the Houthis are holding Yemeni government officials , " including the President , under house arrest . CNN 's Greg Botelho and journalist Hakim Almasmari contributed to this report .	A U.N. Security Council resolution deplores the Houthis ' takeover The resolution calls upon rebels to start negotiations
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A medical doctor in Vancouver , British Columbia , told CNN Thursday that California arson suspect Harry Burkhart suffered from severe mental illness in 2010 , when she examined him as part of a team of doctors . Dr. Blaga Stancheva , a family physician and specialist in obstetrics , said both Burkhart and his mother , Dorothee , were her patients in Vancouver while both were applying for refugee status in Canada . "  I was asked to diagnose and treat Harry to support a claim explaining why he was unable to show up in a small-claims court case , " Stancheva told CNN in a phone interview . She declined to cite the case or Burkhart 's role in it . Stancheva said she and other doctors including a psychiatrist diagnosed Burkhart with "  autism , severe anxiety , post-traumatic stress disorder and depression . " The diagnosis was spelled out in a letter she wrote for the small-claims court case , Stancheva said . Stancheva , citing doctor-patient confidentiality , would not elaborate further , nor would she identify the psychiatrist involved in the diagnosis . Burkhart , a 24-year-old German citizen , has been charged with 37 counts of arson following a string of 52 fires in Los Angeles . The charges are in connection with fires at 12 locations scattered through Hollywood , West Hollywood and Sherman Oaks , according to authorities . Stancheva said the refugee applications by Burkhart and his mother were denied by the Canadian government , and she has not seen Burkhart since early March of 2010 . "  I was shocked and dismayed at what happened in Los Angeles , and it appears he was not being treated for his depression , " she said .	A Canadian doctor says she was part of a team that examined Harry Burkhart in 2010 The team included a psychiatrist , the Canadian doctor says The diagnosis was "  autism , severe anxiety , post-traumatic stress disorder and depression " Burkhart is facing 37 counts of arson in a string of fires in Los Angeles
In the dining room 's soft amber glow , dozens of patrons peruse the menu at Rock Creek restaurant in Bethesda , Maryland . From a health standpoint , making a smart choice is easy . Watch your portion size and inquire about the nutritional content of your meal when you eat out . Whether it 's the slow-cooked salmon with sesame seeds , warm bok choy salad , and miso mustard dressing or the jumbo lump crab cakes with celeriac-apple slaw and lemon-caper aioli , each meal contains 600 or fewer calories -- nearly half the amount found in a typical restaurant entree . "  We offer what you 're supposed to eat -- proper portions , great flavor-and we use fresh , local ingredients as much as possible , " says co-owner Tom Williams , who , with partner Judith Hammerschmidt , opened Rock Creek two years ago . The pair worked with Cynthia Payne Moore , R.D. , a Baltimore , Maryland-based dietitian , to obtain nutritional analyses for every item on the menu , and they adjust recipes to avoid unnecessary fat and determine portion sizes . "  We put the nutritional information in the back of the menu-people who want to look at it do , and those who do n't , do n't , " Hammerschmidt says . The concept and execution have proved so successful that earlier this year , the pair opened another Rock Creek in Washington , D.C. Enjoying restaurant food like Rock Creek 's -- tasty , good for you , and with a reasonable amount of calories -- was once a difficult order to fill . No longer . "  The idea that eating healthy does n't mean feeling deprived is something restaurants see as a vehicle for change , as a way to differentiate their offerings from their competitors , " says Master Chef Mark Erickson , vice president for continuing education at the Culinary Institute of America . While some restaurants make it clear they offer more healthful fare -- by using symbols , calorie counts , and the like -- others practice what Erickson calls "  stealth health , " making some healthful changes on the menu without fanfare . "  When restaurants make their menus more healthful , consumers benefit , " Erickson says . And , in fact , eating well when dining out is a growing trend . Healthfulness on the menu Part of what 's driving these positive changes is consumer demand . Nearly three out of four adults say they are trying to make healthier choices when eating out than they did just two years ago , according to the National Restaurant Association . "  It 's hard to refute that health is related to diet , " Erickson says . "  And restaurants are making up more and more of the daily diet -- the average American eats one out of three meals away from home . " Increasingly , savvy consumers expect restaurants to have a conscious approach to food preparation similar to the one they use in their own kitchens -- using fruits and vegetables creatively or cooking with less saturated fat or salt . CookingLight.com : Secrets to eating out Legislative changes are also having an effect . The New York City-initiated ban on trans fats has become far-reaching ; at least eight other major metropolitan areas have legislated similar bans , as have restaurants , hotels , theme parks , cruise lines , and many other businesses . Meanwhile , New York City recently took another stand on upgrading restaurant menus . In a move affecting mostly fast-food restaurants , the city 's board of health recently asked food service establishments with standardized preparation methods that already have nutrition analyses to post calorie information on menus so customers can see it when deciding what to order . Many restaurants purposefully take their offerings to a more healthful level . Since he took over the kitchen at the highly regarded Gramercy Tavern in New York City last October , Executive Chef Michael Anthony has created lighter dishes , many of which feature vegetables rather than meat as the plate 's centerpiece . "  The goal is to leave consumers feeling invigorated , not lethargic because they 've overindulged , " Anthony says . Like Rock Creek , some restaurants are building their business around a more healthful model . Seasons 52 , which has five locations in Florida and two in Atlanta , Georgia , takes a lighter approach to dining by featuring fresh foods that rotate with the seasons and dishes that contain a maximum of 475 calories . The chefs do this by taking out fat , lowering sugar and salt when possible , and relying instead on flavorful accents such as balsamic vinegar , lemon juice , garlic , and fruits . "  We call it ` palate distraction , ' " explains Clifford Pleau , director of culinary development . "  If you can give the mouth something else to focus on , it says , ` Wow ! I have n't tasted something that interesting before , ' instead of ` Wow ! Something 's missing . ' " CookingLight.com : An expert take on healthful dining-out trends Tap into the trend "  While restaurants are becoming more health-conscious , it 's only going to keep happening if people ask for it , " says Katherine Tallmadge , R.D. , a Washington , D.C.-based spokesperson for the American Dietetic Association . Here 's how to support the trend while ordering sensibly : • Do a little homework . "  If you decide ahead of time what you want to order , it will eliminate temptation while you are at the restaurant , " Tallmadge says . Many national chains post nutrition analyses on their Web sites , so you can find out how much fat , cholesterol , sodium , protein , carbohydrates , fiber , and calories a potential meal contains . Healthydiningfinder.com , a Web site operated by the National Restaurant Association , can help you pinpoint nutritious fare at nearly 30,000 restaurants across the country -- enter your ZIP code or your city , and you can search for restaurants by cuisine or price range . • Watch portion size . Prodigious entrees remain common in many restaurants , despite other changes for the better . Because patrons tend to place a premium on value -- they want to feel as if they 're getting their money 's worth -- piled-high plates are n't likely to become a relic of the past anytime soon . "  You can negotiate such situations by having part of your meal boxed to take home , downsizing your order by selecting an appetizer and side salad instead of an entree , or splitting the entree with someone , " says Dawn Jackson Blatner , R.D. , a Chicago , Illinois-based ADA spokesperson . CookingLight.com : How to practice portion control • Sample small plates . Tapas-sized servings -- i.e. small plates -- will continue to be in fashion in coming years , according to Restaurant Startup Consultants , Inc. , which counsels new food service businesses . Small plates allow you to sample a variety of dishes without consuming too many calories . In addition to high-end restaurants , the trend is also appearing in some national chains . In March , TGI Friday 's unveiled a new Right Portion , Right Price menu , offering smaller portions of certain entrees that contain 500 calories or less and 10 grams of fat or less per serving . CookingLight.com : Tapas at home • Choose seasonal ingredients . A less-is-more approach governs the preparation of fresh , seasonal ingredients : They 're often minimally dressed or sauced , allowing fresh flavors to play the starring role . Look for items like spinach and roasted beet salad or roasted butternut squash on fall menus . "  If you have a high-quality meat , fish , or vegetable that has a great deal of flavor , you do n't need to eat a lot of it to feel satisfied , " says Hugo Matheson , chef-owner of the Kitchen Café , who practices this principle at his Boulder , Colorado , restaurant . CookingLight.com : Ultimate summer cookbook • Select healthful sides . These days , healthful sides , ranging from steamed broccoli to grilled asparagus to sautéed spinach with garlic , have more space on restaurant menus . "  The idea that you can have an indulgent entree but improve your sides is something I enjoy because it 's a small change , " Blatner says . "  If you make small steps to improve what you eat , you 'll be healthier for it . " • Look for balance . Chefs and restaurateurs are reexamining the fundamentals of their offerings . At Seasons 52 , for example , each entree plate is made up of one-third protein and two-thirds fruits , vegetables , and starches . Others are practicing what the Culinary Institute refers to as "  the protein flip . " "  Finer dining establishments are flipping the traditional plating concept . Vegetables and carbohydrates are the main component , and protein is secondary , " Erickson says . • Ask questions . When ordering , inquire about the meal 's composition or preparation . "  Go to restaurants where the people serving the food know what the ingredients are , " Pleau says . For example , Rock Creek uses phyllo instead of traditional lard-laced dough in its piecrusts ; but unless you ask them , you wo n't know that you can enjoy a slice of their pie and avoid unnecessary saturated fat and calories . • Enjoy yourself . While we 're all eating out more often these days , consider a restaurant meal to be a treat . Savor the flavors , and select dishes you ca n't or would n't make in your own kitchen . "  Look at the meal as a source of pleasure , " Anthony says . "  The key is to relish the experience -- within moderation . " For more tips on making healthy taste great , try Cooking Light - CLICK HERE Copyright 2009 Cooking Light magazine . All rights reserved .	More and more high-end restaurants are offering low-calorie , healthy menus The New York City-initiated ban on trans fats has become far-reaching Many national chains post nutrition analyses of menus on their Web sites You can often order a healthful side like broccoli or spinach
CNN  -- When plans were announced to build a giant new transoceanic canal across Nicaragua , the young Hong Kong businessman leading the project acknowledged the widespread skepticism . "  We do n't want it to become an international joke , " said Wang Jing , a 40-year-old with no significant engineering experience and a background he described as "  very normal . " That was in June 2013 , when the Nicaraguan legislature , controlled by President Daniel Ortega , had just allowed Wang to move forward with his five-year project . It is not certain that the canal , which would be one of the most ambitious and expensive engineering projects on Earth , will ever get built . But it looks set to move forward , and even some of the most determined doubters are starting to reconsider . Last Thursday , the government and Wang 's company , Nicaragua Canal Development Investment , announced that construction will start on Dec. 22 . The development 's estimated price tag -- $ 50 billion -- is four times the size of the entire Nicaraguan economy . The canal itself would be deeper , wider and longer than the Panama Canal , just a few hundred miles to the south . The Panama Canal 's expansion is almost ready , which raises the question of why another costly canal is needed . The Nicaraguan opposition has called the project the biggest scam in the country 's history , and engineering experts are divided over whether the project is feasible . Pedro Alvarez , chairman of civil engineering at Rice University , has expressed doubts that it will ever be completed . He worries that it will be abandoned . His greatest concern is severe damage to Lake Nicaragua , the largest freshwater reservoir in Latin America . Other engineers say the quick turnaround between contract signing and construction leaves room for doubt that the plans are solid . And David Ashley , an engineering professor at the University of Nevada who was a consultant to the Panama Canal Authority , said the Panamanians examined the Nicaraguan idea and concluded that it did not pose a threat to their own expansion plans . Mystery and suspicion have surrounded the proposal from the beginning . To this day , nobody understands who will pay . When Vladimir Putin made a surprise visit to Managua last July -- the first by a Russian president -- Nicaraguans wondered whether the canal figured in Russia 's new geopolitical calculations . But it is the Chinese government 's role that has most people talking . The country is abuzz with rumors that Wang is a front for Beijing , which is looking for strategic security for its vital imports . Wang , who was born in Beijing , has repeatedly denied the accusations . Nicaraguan officials also deny Russian involvement . Wang was also in town last July , startling many Nicaraguans by revealing the exact route of the canal . The announcement made the project seem real , threatening the potential displacement of people living on its path and fueling concerns from environmental groups . Chinese workers have started arriving for construction that will run from the Rio Punta Gorda on the Caribbean Coast to Brito on the Pacific . By some estimates , 30,000 people will have to be relocated to carve a path 172 miles long , up to 1,700 feet wide and 90 feet deep . The prospect is nothing short of alarming for those living in the area . Demonstrators have launched at least a dozen protest marches , and an environmental lawyer has filed suit against the project at the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights , charging "  The government has sold us to the Chinese . " The president says the project will mark a turning point in the country 's development , creating tens of thousands of jobs and giving a long-term boost to economic growth . But critics see something different . The idea of building a canal linking the Pacific and the Atlantic across Nicaragua dates back hundreds of years . This new , enigmatic venture , however , began almost as an Ortega family project . In 2012 , the president sent his son Laureano to China . That 's when Wang first made contact with the Ortegas . Not long after that , Wang was in Managua and by June of 2013 , the president and the Chinese businessman signed the agreement to build the canal . The legislature quickly rubber-stamped it . At home , critics say Ortega is relinquishing national sovereignty in order to help those close to him enrich themselves . Small farmers living along the planned path worry about displacement and environmental degradation . Environmentalists say the proposed route , which includes a large tract across Nicaragua 's largest lake and its main water supply , will put the country at risk . Whether or not Wang is a straw man for China 's government , there is no question that a new Chinese-built waterway across Central America and a project of this magnitude would expand China 's influence in the region . A transcontinental canal , of course , is an important strategic asset . China 's influence in Latin America is nothing new . Beijing has a voracious appetite for natural resources and very deep pockets . It is steadily supplanting the United States as the main trading partner in the region . There is a difference between trade with China and trade with the United States . Commercial exchanges with American firms are , for the most part , conducted with the private sector of the United States , which has much weaker ties to the government in Washington than Chinese firms do with their central government . Already China has become the top trading partner for major Latin American economies , notably Brazil and Chile . Beijing is lending money to Latin America , developing multiple projects and making more business inroads . Economic ties tend to translate into political links . The skeptics still doubt the canal will be built , but the ambitious time line signals the parties are serious . The biggest mystery surrounding the project , whether it would ever get off the ground , is about to be resolved .	Frida Ghitis : Chinese man leads plan to build transoceanic canal through Nicaragua It would be one of world 's most ambitious engineering projects , bigger than Panama canal She says it would boost China , not U.S. , in Central America . Critics say Ortega pushing for it Ghitis : There are many skeptics , but project set to start Dec. 22 . It 's looking serious now
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Federal officials said Thursday more needs to be done to warn rescuers of special dangers at the scene of small plane crashes . Although firefighters are well versed about the dangers of burning fuel and sharp debris , they may not be aware that some aviation systems -- systems considered safety devices aloft -- become especially hazardous on the ground . Among the hazards : ejection seat rockets , airbag components , and explosive charges that deploy parachutes that can lower the entire aircraft to the ground . "  These explosive components , if they remain charged and are unknown to first responders and investigators , pose a high level of risk to those working in and around the aircraft wreckage , " the National Transportation Safety Board said . The safety board cited five incidents since 2001 in which first responders and accident investigators who responded to plane wrecks were evidently unaware of the hazard of explosive components . "  In some cases , they began performing rescue , fire suppression and accident investigation activities that might have inadvertently activated the explosive component , posing a great risk of injury , " the safety board said . None resulted in fatalities or injuries to the responders . In one incident -- the January 2012 fatal crash of an experimental jet near Rainbow City , Alabama -- a police officer became aware of the hidden dangers only after an NTSB investigator told him by phone not to allow the recovery of the pilot 's remains until the pilot 's ejection seat could be deactivated . In another incident , firefighters attempting to put out a blaze at a Cirrus SR22 crash took additional safety precautions after being told the plane had a BRS -- a solid-fuel rocket used to deploy the plane 's parachute . The NTSB is recommending that the Federal Aviation Administration take additional steps to address the safety issue . The FAA should require aircraft owners to disclose the presence of explosive safety devices when they register their aircraft every three years . The online registry is easily available to first responders , the NTSB said . The FAA also should issue a safety bulletin to first responders , the board recommended . The FAA said it will review the recommendations . "  We have collaborated with ballistic device manufacturers , airplane manufacturers , firefighting organizations and other first responder groups to develop training about the potential hazards at an accident scene and to ensure that warning markings meet the necessary guidelines , " the FAA said in a statement .	NTSB warns of hazards about small aircraft fires NTSB cited 5 incidents since 2001 in which first responders unaware of hazards The NTSB recommending FAA take additional steps to address the safety issue
CNN  -- To look at her , you 'd never know Jessica Ordona , 25 , has a problem with her jeans . "  I do n't like the fact that when you sit down , your stomach comes over them , " she says . Jessica Ordona  in white  disliked the fit of her jeans , so she signed up for a class she says addressed the issue . A retail specialist with a commercial real estate firm in Bethesda , Maryland , Ordona knows image is part of success . That 's why she has been diligent about hitting the gym four to five times a week . But even with all her crunches and lifting , she sometimes experienced denim frustration . Unhappy with her former gym , Ordona decided to join a national health club chain in her neighborhood . Much to her surprise , she found a class called Skinny Jeans Workout , specifically designed to get rid of those annoying little bulges and bumps . "  It 's different than your typical workout class , " she says . "  It 's not high-impact cardio , but you 're sweating the whole time because you 're working every muscle group . " The Skinny Jeans Workout concentrates on core muscles , balance and posture . A cross between ballet , butt-burning stretches and light weight lifting , the workout involves the entire body . Lisa Grimmer , a group fitness instructor , teaches the class . "  What I love about Skinny Jeans is it takes everything from Pilates -- the core workout , which would be the tightening around of your abdominal muscles , your lower back . People think of that as "  the core . " But there 's also the shoulder girdle , which we work out a lot in Skinny Jeans , too , " says Grimmer . "  So really we 're thinking about anything that would be postural or placed into your jeans , so you 've got your abdominals , of course , and we work the inner and outer thighs that go into the jeans . " The hourlong class is taught twice a week . Regulars swear they 've dropped a jeans size or two since the class began four months ago . They say it not only tightens the tush , but the workout also helps develop the flexibility and strength to hold the back straight . Tracy Cherpeski Bannister , another class instructor , believes posture is key to fitting into tight pants . "  In addition to sort of holding it in , we 're also lifting and lengthening and , as we do that , we sort of set our shoulders into place , " Bannister says . "  I probably said it in class -- we ` tuck our shoulder blades into our back pockets ' -- so we 're opening the chest as well . " Listen to Jessica talk about the class " Bannister says so many of us spend portions of our day stressed , at our computer or rounded forward while driving . "  So this is a good way to kind of set the body back up . ... It makes everything more efficient , " she says . The class is usually taught in bare feet , for maximum balance . It forces "  our bodies to be smarter , " says Bannister . She reasons that by freeing up your feet , you have to use your brain as well . "  You have to think and feel what 's happening . If you do n't -LSB- go barefoot -RSB- , then it 's not a waste of time , but you do n't get as much out of it as maybe you should . " Watch Skinny Jeans class participants in action " But like any exercise program , it 's important to take it slowly . "  Any time you begin a new workout , you need to avoid doing too much , too soon . You do n't want to go from zero to 60 in 10 seconds , " says Dr. David Johnson , an orthopedic surgeon at Washington Hospital Center in Washington , D.C. "  One of the worst things a person can do is start exercising , overdo it , get hurt and become discouraged . You should look to your instructor for guidance and make sure that person is keyed in to your fitness level . " Johnson likes the concept of the workout . "  Exercises that develop the core muscles are important , " he says . "  Not only does core strength decrease waist size , it increases your energy and endurance , which make it easier to engage in other physical activities such as golf , tennis -- even shopping for another pair of skinny jeans . " The Skinny Jeans Workout and other programs similar to it can be found at health clubs across the country . While the specifics of the workouts may vary , depending on the health club , the goal is pretty much the same : It 's all about zipping yourself up into the smallest jeans in your closet . "  You do it right , you do it a few times , and then you 're set , " Grimmer says . "  My clients love it . ... They all come to the class , and they 've seen such great results . I 've had people go down sizes in jeans ; I 've had people tighten up . ... They 're standing up a little bit taller , and everything 's straighter and very proud . "	Skinny Jeans Workout tones core muscles so gym-goers can zip their skinny jeans Balance , posture also addressed , as are flexibility and strength to hold back straight Expert : Like any exercise program , it 's important to start slowly , not get injured
CNN  -- Three shipwrecked fishermen lived on clams and seaweed for 10 days while stranded on an island off Canada 's Pacific Coast until a passing sailboat rescued them , the Royal Canadian Navy said Friday . On Friday , the Canadian Coast Guard ship Tanu rendezvoused with the sailboat and was transporting the three fishermen northbound back to Prince Rupert , according to the Joint Rescue Coordination Centre Victoria . The three fishermen were scheduled to arrive Friday night , and no injuries have been reported , authorities said . The three men were on a fishing trip on their 50-foot liner Pacific Siren when it capsized about 70 miles south of Prince Rupert , the navy said . The three men boarded a life raft and paddled eight miles to Banks Island , located off central British Columbia in the Hecate Strait , a fishing ground for salmon and halibut , the navy said . While on the island , they used their raft as a shelter , the navy said . Mackenzie Moseley , maritime coordinator for Joint Rescue Coordination Centre Victoria , described Banks Island as "  real remote piece of coast with no real population . " "  So , to see three guys on beach is really odd in itself , " Moseley told CNN . A passing sailor in his 70s in his boat , the Macona , was believed to be on a pleasure outing when he saw the stranded three fishermen , Moseley said . The sailor radioed the Prince Rupert Coast Guard and then he anchored and launched a dinghy to approach the island shore , Moseley said . The sailor gave the three men food and water and then called the coast guard again , Moseley said . The coast guard 's Tanu was on patrol an hour away when the call came in , Moseley said . Said Moseley : "  Real kudos to the sailing vessel Macona for keeping a sharp lookout and saw what was going on and did a good job . " The three fishermen 's vessel did n't have an Emergency Position Indicating Radio Beacon , which transmits a distress signal anywhere in the world through a satellite system , the navy said . Canadian authorities were to assess the three fishermen 's health once they boarded the coast guard ship .	Three fishermen 's boat capsizes ; they paddle raft eight miles to island They used raft as their shelter on a Pacific Canadian island with "  no real population " A passing sailor in his 70s sights and rescues them The Canadian Guard Coast is transporting the fishermen back to the mainland
An 18-year-old student drove to a community college campus located inside a western Virginia mall on Friday , walked in , then opened fire -- wounding two women -- before being subdued by an off-duty security guard and two police officers , authorities said . Christiansburg , Virginia , police Chief Mark Sisson identified the suspect Friday night as Neil Allen MacInnis , who he said was a student at New River Community College . An item on the online forum 4chan -- posted at 1:52 p.m. Friday , three minutes before police estimated the shooting began -- said it was from Neil MacInnis , who wrote that he goes to the same community college 's satellite campus in Christiansburg . The post urged people to check out an online stream of the New River Valley Public Safety scanner and promised , "  I 'm gon na give y' all the details because the news never gets it right . " "  I 'm a bit nervous because I 've never really handled a shotgun but a few times with the Christiansburg police , " the poster said . "  Anyways this is not a highscores game but actually a lesson  that 's why I 'm at school  . " The post then gave a link to a New River Community College personal webpage under MacInnis ' name . "  Wish me luck , " it added . CNN could not immediately verify that the 4chan post -- which CNN tracked down hours before Sisson identified the suspect -- was written by MacInnis . The Christiansburg police chief did acknowledge that authorities were looking into social media reports . Several elements mentioned in the 4chan post paralleled what Sisson told reporters Friday night , including that MacInnis was enrolled at the community college , lives in Christiansburg and attended that city 's citizen police academy last year . The webpage included in the 4chan post offered other corroborating details . A man pictured on that page , for instance , resembles the mugshot of MacInnis that Christiansburg police released on Friday night . Sisson said the suspect got out of his car and walked into his college 's campus at the New River Valley in Christiansburg around 1:55 p.m. Friday . He then shot the two women , before being taken down . "  The suspect was in custody within five minutes , " the police chief said . A woman who works at a mall clothing store near the campus described a frenetic scene after the shots rang out . "  We were a little in disbelief at first , but we saw people running away from that area , " Diana Greenman told CNN affiliate WDBJ . The victims were transported -- one by helicopter , the other by ambulance -- to hospitals for treatment of their gunshot wounds . There was no word Friday night on their conditions . One of them worked part-time at New River Community College , while authorities were still working Friday night to ascertain what relationship the other victim had , if any , to the school , the police chief said . Investigators also were trying to pin down whether MacInnis and the two women knew each other . The police chief did n't offer many other details , including about the kind of weapon used , how the suspect got the gun and how many shots were fired . But he did say that police do n't think other people were involved . "  We believe that MacInnis acted alone , and there are no additional threats to this community , " Sisson said . On Friday night , while the mall where he allegedly shot the women was shut down except for law enforcement authorities , MacInnis was in the Montgomery County Jail . He was being held without bond after being charged on two counts of malicious wounding and two counts of use of a firearm during the commission of a felony , Sisson said .	Police identify the suspect as Neil MacInnis , a student at New River Community College A 4chan post under MacInnis ' name says he has a gun and ends , "  Wish me luck " MacInnis is being held without bond in a Virginia jail The two women he allegedly shot are being treated at hospitals
