Brimfield Township Police Chief David Oliver keeps a picture of John Wayne in his office , but admits it 's hard to know what the Duke would say about a self-described old-school cop using Facebook to sound off about enforcing the law in a small Ohio town . "  I 'd like to think he 'd appreciate that we 're communicating effectively with people , " Oliver said . "  But have a low tolerance for nonsense . " The police chief has earned national headlines for poking fun at so-called mopes , or suspected criminals , on his department 's Facebook page . Oliver 's candid comments have made it the third most viewed police department page in the United States , according to Nancy Kolb , senior program manager for the International Association of Chiefs of Police . With more than 64,000 likes , it trails only the New York City Police Department and the Boston Police Department . "  Up and at 'em . It 's 65 degrees outside of the Center for Mope Studies , " Oliver wrote in a typical post this week . The chair of Brimfield 's board of trustees says Oliver 's teasing of criminals is in good fun , while criminal justice experts say it falls in a gray area between traditional practices and the unethical . Oliver launched the Facebook page in 2010 , after viewing a couple police department pages and deciding one would fit into his management philosophy , which is to try to run the department like a business and serve the community from within . He and his staff of 16 full-time officers say they want social media to work for those they serve . "  If our customers are on Facebook and Twitter , we have to be there engaging them , " said Oliver , who spoke by phone from Brimfield . "  The more we communicate , the more we inform , the less people are suspicious of us . " ` It takes away the moral high ground ' Brimfield Township is a suburb of Kent , Ohio , with a population of more than 10,000 that is growing rapidly again after being hit hard by years of economic downturn , said Mike Kostensky , the chairman of its board of trustees . He has known Oliver for 12 years . "  Dave has such a way with words , " Kostensky said . "  He makes people comfortable . His office is open to anybody . I guess it 's a little bit of how small town America used to be . " But not everyone sees productive humor in Oliver 's Facebook discussions . Steven Lab , a professor of criminal justice and chairman of the Department of Human Services at Bowling Green State University , says Oliver 's posts only deepen the divide between authorities and people who are suspicious of the system , but are often the most in need of its help . "  It takes away the moral high ground of whoever is supposed to be in charge , " Lab said . "  It 's going to raise more disrespect . " Oliver disagrees . He got the term "  mope " from the 1970s police show "  Kojak , " and stresses his teasing of suspects is just a part of what he posts . "  A mope is a person who leeches off us and usually is engaged in criminal activity , " Oliver wrote recently . "  We do not believe everyone who has ever committed a crime is a mope . People change . " On June 20 , the police chief likened the Brimfield police station to a ship in the U.S. Navy . "  It 's 54 degrees outside of Mope-us Interruptus , " he wrote in a post that also thanked World War II veterans , wished singer Lionel Richie happy birthday and quoted comedian Jay Leno . Sometimes , Oliver details calls to police and their response . "  I think that as a society we have become desensitized , " he said . "  I 'm trying to keep a lot of the criminal element in plain view , so we can address some of the causes and the results of the crime . " ' I just do n't get along well with criminals ' Lab , who does n't use Facebook and had not viewed the Brimfield page , said now that it has gone viral , it no longer serves its intended purpose because the majority of its audience is in no way connected with Brimfield . "  It 's titillating , " he said of the page 's surge in popularity . "  It 's morbid voyeurism by people in general . " Molly Merryman , associate chair of sociology in the Criminology and Justice Studies program at Kent State University , which is about 15 minutes from Brimfield , says social media plays an increased role in informing communities like Brimfield that are not connected to a major media market . "  He 's been a chief for a long time and knows his community very well , " she said . If the Facebook page is "  an extension of the police department and has the community 's blessing , then it certainly can be appropriate . " Merryman said the U.S. criminal justice system has a long history of public shaming that can be traced to the Puritans . Shaming is still commonly used in the juvenile justice system , where the goal is to make the violator recognize society 's expectation for proper behavior , she said . Oliver said that while what he posts about alleged criminals is public record , he never uses names , pictures or exact locations when discussing suspects ' purported actions . "  I do n't want anybody humiliated , " he said . "  I 'm very sensitive to collateral damage by people who commit crimes and I do n't want a family member suffering . " According to the FBI , in 2011 , approximately one crime was reported for every 36 people living in Brimfield Township . Almost 96 % of reported crimes were property crimes , of which larceny and theft made up 80 % . Brimfield Township reported no murders or homicides in 2011 , and a total of 12 violent crimes , half of which were rape . A native of nearby Akron , Ohio , Oliver has spent his entire 19 years as a police officer working in Brimfield , the last nine as chief . "  I 'm an inner-city kid , " he said . "  I did my share of running the streets . ... I do n't see color . I do n't see sex . I have friends of all persuasions . I just do n't get along well with criminals . "	The Brimfield Facebook page is the third most liked police page in the United States Chief David Oliver is n't shy about having little patience for "  mopes , " or criminals Criminal justice and sociological experts say his approach could have mixed results
CNN  -- Things are looking up for entrepreneurs in the Middle East as a new breed of crowdfunding is emerging to help bring life to innovative ideas from the region . Based on popular U.S. sites like Kickstarter and Indiegogo they aim to connect everyone , from engineers in Egypt to creatives in Lebanon , with a new way of funding . Zoomaal is one such site that allows someone to post a "  project " like an album , a book or an invention , which the public can then pledge money to . Each project must fit into one of the platform 's categories and be accompanied by a video , a biography of the project owner and a series of "  gifts " to incentivize potential backers to pledge money . In line with regional sensitivities , banned projects include anything to do with alcohol , politics , violence , religion and pornography . Abdallah Absi , 21 , is the platform 's founder who has been involved with tech start-ups since he was 16 . "  There are many projects in the Arab world that do n't have the right connections  to  fund them , " said Absi . "  We are trying to market these projects through strategic partnerships . " Currently entrepreneurs from 22 countries across the Middle East and North Africa can post a project on the site . Projects include an album launch , a documentary and a new take on the toothbrush . Globally , crowdfunding is seeing explosive growth . In 2012 , the market grew 81 % to $ 2.7 billion , according industry researchers Massolution . But in the Middle East the concept is only just catching on . A lack of financial support and , crucially , mentorship is something that Absi believes is holding back creative projects and nascent start-ups in the region . For Habib Haddad , CEO of Wamda , and one of four venture capital funders behind Zoomaal , the true potential of Arab crowdfunding is the connections and exposure it provides . "  There is definitely a funding gap , but that 's not the biggest gap . Access to early-stage money is actually now increasing in the Middle East . "  This kind of platform for the Middle East is something that will push the ecosystem of innovators forward , " he added . "  It will help democratise creativity . " Absi believes the key to making this happen is education and outreach because some "  creative communities are not very tech savvy ... and they do n't know about the opportunity they can have from crowdfunding . " Another crowdfunding platform to emerge in the region is Cairo-based Yomken . A non-profit social enterprise , it aims to link up low-tech manufacturers -- who , in Egypt , are often slum-dwellers -- with artists , scientists , engineers and product designers who can help them innovate in their businesses . Once a prototype of a new product has been made , it can be posted on the site , allowing customers to pre-order . Adel El-Dib , 49 , is a potter Yomken has helped . Seven years ago , El-Dib who crafts everything from pots and bowls to decorative earthenware , moved to using cheaper fiberglass instead of clay to make food and water coolers . Studies have shown that inhaling fiberglass can cause lung problems , according to the American Lung Association . Yomken connected El-Dib with an artist and a physicist to design an eco-friendly clay cooler for food and drinks . The new design , based on an ancient water cooler known as a "  qolah " made with an innovative clay mix , can cool water in 12 hours in summer and two in winter . El-Dib has sold his new product on Yomken . "  I always worked on clay since  I was  12 years old , but lately given the drop in demand , I shifted to fiberglass . "  The designers brought by Yomken have shown me new designs and I was convinced to try  them  . Hopefully , they will bring back the clay industry to the market , " he said . The platform was set up in 2012 by Egyptian Tamer Taha , 24 , with funding from the World Bank . According to Taha , basic manufacturing makes up almost 90 % of the Egyptian market , and is increasingly under pressure from other manufacturing bases , especially in Asia . "  We try to work on this link from the open innovation part of the website  to the crowdfunding part  ... to try to market innovative products that are coming from Egyptian minds , " he said . Yomken is a politically neutral organization , says Taha , but the security situation after the recent military coup that removed Mohamed Morsy as Egypt 's president did paralyze work . "  We hope the month of Ramadan  the annual month of fasting and prayer for Muslims  will bring all the disputing parties together from their narrow political interests and focus on the nationwide interest of the people and the economy , " he said . "  This is what really matters . We believe that now ... it 's time for the Arab nations to rise again through science and innovation . "	New online platforms offer chance for ideas to be funded by the public Sites like Zoomaal and Yomken follow crowdfunding model of U.S. sites like Kickstarter Educating artisans and innovators of potential of crowdfunding is a challenge says Zoomaal 's founder Global market for crowdfunding was $ 2.7 billion in 2012 according to analysts
CNN  -- America 's right place is at the vanguard of the quest for freedom and equality . The country was founded on that principle , as a nation whose very identity is built on equal rights and true freedom for its citizens . Wednesday 's twin decisions by the Supreme Court in favor of gay equality allowed the country to move closer to its founding ideals . That is not just good news for gay Americans , for their families and for the United States . It is excellent news for the cause of freedom and equality around the globe , and not just for gay people . What happens in the U.S. matters . It influences views everywhere . That 's why when the high court ruled that the federal law perversely named the "  Defense of Marriage Act " or DOMA is unconstitutional and allowed the anti-gay marriage Proposition 8 in California to be struck down , the news rippled to all corners of the world . You can be sure the news brought smiles to faces in the Middle East , in Africa and elsewhere . The U.S. is hardly the first country to have laws and court rulings in favor of equality for gays . In fact , America has fallen far behind in what is now a worldwide movement -- and there is a very long way to go before gays in America can claim they are treated equally , if only by the law . The Netherlands was the first country to fully legalize gay marriage . It did it without much fanfare in 2000 . Since then , more than a dozen countries have followed suit . Gay couples have marriage equality in all corners of the world , not just in liberal Scandinavian nations such as Denmark and Norway , but also in Latin America -- in Brazil , Argentina and Uruguay -- and as far away as South Africa and New Zealand . Most of the world , however , is not as open to equality . Â As recently as last year , Iran executed young men by public hanging . It is one of several countries where homosexuality is punishable by death . In many other places , the punishment is prison . In many more , there are intense legal and social restrictions . In Uganda , the names and addresses of gay activists have been published in the local media , triggering violent attacks , and a pending law would impose life imprisonment for gays and up to three years for anyone who knows and fails to report homosexuals . American evangelists have promoted the crackdown . In Russia , just this month the Russian parliament passed a lawÂ banning "  propaganda of nontraditional sexual relations . " Gay rights demonstrators have been brutally beaten in what has almost become a ritual in Russia and elsewhere . Despite intense and often well-founded criticism of the United States and complaints that its rhetoric does n't match its behavior , America wields enormous social , cultural and political sway around the planet . The court ruling on same sex marriage will be read carefully by some jurists in some countries . Its words may find their way to other rulings . Â Other people will read just a few key words . The DOMA decision by Justice Anthony Kennedy centered on one of the most fundamental concepts of democracy : the notion of equal protection . The ruling articulates an idea that will resonate in the many nations struggling with internal divisions and just learning the meaning of democracy and freedom . Kennedy spelled it out . A government can not simply deny equality ; it can not treat one group of people differently without a legitimate purpose . Most people will only see a headline . They will see pictures of celebrations in the United States . They will hear that in the United States gay couples can now marry . That is not quite correct . In most U.S. states same-sex couples can not marry , although some experts believe the language of the Kennedy decision provides the arguments that will soon make that possible . Kennedy , the court , the activists and lawyers who brought these decisions may not have thought much about the rest of the world when working on this case . But the whole world was indeed watching . The whole world started watching a long time ago . More than 300 years ago , Thomas Jefferson appealed to an international audience when he wrote the Declaration of Independence . In the very first paragraph he said "  respect to the opinions of mankind " was the reason why Americans had to spell out their decision to break free from the British . "  We hold these truths to be self-evident , " he explained "  that all men are created equal . " And he added that government is created for the purpose of securing unalienable rights , including "  Life , Liberty and the Pursuit of Happiness . " That is the essence of America , and it is the reason why the country has exerted such a powerful appeal to those seeking freedom over the centuries . The U.S. has very plainly strayed on many occasions from that path it so highly charted for itself . But the country has also shown a remarkable ability to correct course because its people have never become so jaded as to forget those founding ideals . One reason America has succeeded for centuries in staying at the forefront of history is that history , as Georg Hegel said , is the unfolding of an awareness of freedom . A country that stands on the side of freedom and equality is inevitably a country on the right side of history . With the two Supreme Court rulings , the U.S. edges closer to the vanguard . That 's good for America , and it 's a very good thing for the world . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : Supreme Court rulings on gay rights resonate around the world She says they help restore America 's role at the vanguard of personal freedom Ghitis : Many countries still harshly publish homosexuality She says U.S. has strayed from its role at times but it 's appropriate to return to it
CNN  He was impressively polite and bright in the eyes of his boyhood teachers , an encourager of his college friends . He was a docile captured killer in the care of paramedics tending to his gunshot wounds . Dzhokhar "  Jahar " Tsarnaev 's defense team is seeking to spare him from a death sentence for his part two years ago in the Boston Marathon bombings and murder of an MIT police officer . Having focused on his dead older brother , portraying Tamerlan Tsarnav as harsh , overbearing and bent on jihad , they now shift to the younger brother who tagged after him , as one witness said , "  like a puppy . " The sentencing phase of the federal case will resume Monday . The jury was sent home Thursday because a juror was sick . Tsarnaev was convicted April 8 on all 30 counts , including 17 that carry a possible death penalty . The defense 's transition from one brother to the other begins in the ambulances that rushed the brothers from their respective final showdowns with police in Watertown , Massachusetts , on April 19 , 2013 . Boston bombing survivor : I am not limiting myself Tamerlan , dying from gunshot wounds and having been run over by the car his brother was driving as he fled , became combative in the ambulance . A paramedic testified Wednesday that it was common for patients in shock to become agitated and fight back . "  He had an abdominal wound , it was an evisceration , " said paramedic Michael Sullivan . It was a "  penetrating wound , " with the intestines protruding . "  Every time we tried hands-on , he resisted that type of treatment , " Sullivan said . "  He was yelling , loud , like an ` rrrrrrrr ' type of thing . It was like he was trying to get out of the seat belts that were holding him on " the stretcher . Jahar , on the other hand , was cooperative after his capture hours later -- until a tourniquet was applied too tightly , said paramedic Laura Lee . He responded to questions , giving his date of birth and saying he was allergic to cats . And then he asked a question of his own : "  Where is my brother ? " The defense showed a series of photographs that demonstrated how the brothers differed in size and age . The younger brother has been portrayed as someone who follows , rather than leads . One of Tamerlan 's boxing coaches testified earlier that Jahar followed his brother around "  like a puppy . " The defense asserts that the Boston Marathon bombings never would have happened if it were n't for Tamerlan . They have portrayed him as obsessed with jihad , spending hours in his computer trolling al Qaeda-style websites . An uncle in Russia told the FBI that Tamerlan came there in 2012 , expecting to find "  jihad in the streets . " Magomed Kartashov was questioned by the FBI after 40 days in a Russian jail . The FBI summary report of the interview was read in court . Kartashov said his nephew asked him if he had contacts with people "  in the forest , " as locals referred to the jihadists . Tamerlan 's information came from the Internet , but he had surprisingly little knowledge of Islam , the uncle told the FBI . When he asked his nephew why he wanted to go to the forest , he responded that "  jihad was necessary today , " Kartashov told the FBI . "  I told him to stop or he would n't make it to the next tree . " Jahar , on the other hand , was portrayed in the testimony of five of his former teachers as a smart , sweet kid who worked hard and earned good grades . He was "  super kind , extremely smart , a very hard worker , really a lovely person , " said Tracey Gordon , his fifth-grade teacher at Cambridgeport School . "  All the teachers loved him , " said Becki Norris , who had Jahar in her seventh-grade class at Community Charter School , a middle school in Cambridge known for setting its students on the path to "  full ticket " scholarships to good colleges . "  He was one of our top students , and one of our top athletes , " Norris said . "  He was n't a rebel . If you asked him to do something , he 'd do it . Like most middle-schoolers , he 's need a little push , but he needed just one . " But after just a few days in the ninth grade , Jahar 's mother pulled him out of the school and sent him to Cambridge Rindge and Latin , a large public high school . She was angry that her son had been sent home to change out of his blue pants . "  She was very , very angry because he did n't have clean pants that matched the uniform and they did n't have the money , " Norris said . "  I thought he liked the school , and I did n't think he wanted to go . " Norris said she asked Jahar if she could call his mother . "  He flatly said , ` No , do n't call her . ' " He made friends in high school , and a core group got together regularly for "  bro nights " during their freshman year at the University of Massachusetts Dartmouth , two young women testified . They smiled at Tsarnaev from with witness stand , but while he seemed generally more animated in court , he maintained his usual flat expression . "  He was loyal , fun , laid-back , " said classmate Tiarrah Dottin . She said she had no idea he was listening to jihadi songs or watching al Qaeda videos on his laptop . She bowed her head and wiped tears from her eyes as she stepped off the witness stand and took a seat in the audience . Alexa Guevara testified that Tsarnaev "  was private about his family , " and did not discuss politics or religion with her . She said when he spoke about the future he said he planned to transfer to the University of Massachusetts Amherst and study marine biology . He was a supportive friend , she added . "  He encouraged me to go to art school , " she said . She showed him her sketches , and he thought they were good . "  He said I had talent and should n't let it go to waste . I should go to art school and do what made me happy . It made me feel really good , like somebody believed in me , " she said . She ended her testimony with a memory of one of the last times she saw Tsarnaev and the "  bros. " It was March 2013 , during spring break of their sophomore year . They went out to eat and then drove to a spot by the Charles River . "  Jahar went over to his car , and he got a backpack and there were fireworks inside , " she recalled . "  He set one up and ignited it . It did n't work . The second one did work . We were all whooping and hollering . Jahar was jumping through the firework itself . He was being really silly . " She sobbed as court recessed for the day , and her cries could be heard in the hallway outside the courtroom . Boston Marathon terror attack fast facts CNN 's Aaron Cooper , Ray Sanchez and Cameron Tankersley contributed to this report .	Defense seeks to make case to spare life of convicted Boston bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev Defense : Brother Tamerlan , who was killed during police showdown , was obsessed with jihad Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was well-liked , polite and docile , according to witnesses
CNN  -- The body found in a Washington , D.C. , park is that of a man who was suspected of abducting an 8-year-old girl , police said Tuesday . Relisha Rudd has been missing since March 1 , when she was last seen with Kahlil Tatum , a 51-year-old janitor at the homeless shelter where Relisha lived . "  It appears the body has been dead for about 36 hours , " D.C. Police Chief Cathy Lanier told reporters Tuesday , adding that the cause of death was suicide . Lanier said Tuesday she was "  hoping to finish the search of the park by the close of the day " Wednesday . The search for Relisha intensified last week when authorities began combing Kenilworth Park and Aquatic Gardens . The search was prompted by evidence that Tatum had spent time there after Relisha 's disappearance . "  On March 2 , we know that Mr. Tatum purchased , among other items , a carton of black , 42-gallon , self-tie contractor trash bags within the District of Columbia , " Lanier said Thursday . "  Not long after that purchase , Mr. Tatum was in the area of the aquatic gardens for a period of time . " Lanier said after Relisha was last seen , Tatum continued to go to work and was seen around the capital several times between March 2 and March 20 . Lanier said Relisha was not with Tatum in any of those sightings . Tatum had not been seen since March 20 . Tatum was a janitor for the homeless shelter where Relisha 's family had been staying , and it appears Tatum had permission to be with the girl . The case took on new urgency when police discovered the body of Tatum 's wife , Andrea Denise Tatum , 51 , at a suburban Maryland motel . That discovery prompted police to issue an Amber Alert for Relisha . The search for the girl has been extensive . Lanier told reporters Monday that "  hundreds of police officers and firefighter cadets " had been pulled to help with the search , along with divers , underwater cameras , aerial surveillance , search dogs , and cadaver dogs . "  Our primary focus here was to find Relisha , " Lanier said Monday . "  We 're not finished . That search is continuing . "	The death of Kahlil Tatum , 51 , was suicide , D.C. police chief says His body was found in a park in the capital during a search for Relisha Rudd , 8 Tatum was suspected of abducting Relisha , who was last seen March 1
CNN  -- Yemen could turn out like Somalia if the current rate of international investment does n't increase , the country 's deputy finance minister told CNN Monday . "  I 'm not suggesting a failed state , " Jalal Yaqoub said . "  What I 'm suggesting  is  a state where citizens do n't get the right services delivered to them . " Yemen sparked an international security alert this weekend when two packages mailed from the poor Arab nation were found to have explosives inside . The bombs could have brought down the planes carrying them , officials said . Yemen has become a major new battleground for al Qaeda , but Yaqoub denied it could become a "  failed state " with no effective central government , like Somalia . "  I do n't think Yemen is a collapsing state . I do n't think Yemen is a weak state , " he told CNN 's Becky Anderson in an interview for "  Connect the World . " But it needs $ 45 - to $ 50 billion in investment over the next decade to give people jobs , water , and electricity because "  extremism flourishes in an area where people have no jobs and too much time on their hands . "  We have ideas . We have plans . We have visions . And we need the support of the international community to make sure that jobs are being created and services delivered to these people and that will certainly help stabilize the country and reduce extremism . " Yaqoub said it "  would not surprise " him if the United States increased its covert activities in his country in the wake of the foiled bomb plot , but that "  as a Yemeni citizen " he did not like the idea of unmanned U.S. drones . The United States is thought to use drones to fire missiles at suspected terrorists in Pakistan , among other locations . It does not officially confirm such strikes . A U.S. official said Monday the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency continues to expand its intelligence operations in Yemen with more operatives and analysts working closely with the Yemen government and other U.S. partners inside the country . The increased focus on Yemen predates the Christmas Day attempt to blow up an airliner over Detroit . There has been no decision on expanding the CIA role to include running a drone campaign in Yemen . The official said the Agency has the capability to do so , but it ultimately is a White House decision to move forward on that front . Regarding the threat of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula compared to al Qaeda Pakistan , the official said "  this is not a zero sum game . " Al Qaeda Pakistan remains very dangerous even though it is under intense pressure by the United States because of drone missile attacks . The official pointed to the European plot as having its roots in Pakistan . AQAP is an affiliate that has become increasingly more active . The two groups communicate and share ideas . Al Qaeda in Pakistan encourages AQAP to carry out attacks . However , the official said AQAP makes its own tactical decisions , runs its own day to day operations . The official said Yemeni-American cleric Anwar al-Awlaki is clearly playing a more prominent operational role in AQAP , he is part of the senior leadership . It would not be surprising if in the end , al-Awlaki had a role in the cargo bombing plot , but so far there is no direct evidence of that , the official said . Another U.S. official also said it "  would n't be a surprise if he ends up implicated in this . " Both officials said it is still unclear the intent of the cargo plot , this is whether the bombs were to explode in the planes or at the synagogues or had another purpose . The second official said the fact these were "  real devices , a real attempt " pretty much discounts any theory that this was merely a trial run by the terrorists -- "  it does n't hold much water anymore . " This official said experts are examining the devices to determine how they would have worked and whether they had the capability to work as intended . CNN 's Pam Benson contributed to this report	Yemen 's deputy finance minister calls for $ 45 - to $ 50 billion international investment He denies his country could become a failed state Good jobs and infrastructure help fight extremism , he says
CNN  -- The online realm is replete with a vast cornucopia of information , just waiting to provide the hungry masses with nourishing nuggets of knowledge -- or  as in "  The Hunger Games "  scary-ass weapons of mass destruction . So it baffles us to no end that instead of delving deep into said cornucopia and feasting on the kernels so lavished there when faced with a quandary , folks instead click on over to Twitter or Facebook and type missives akin to : "  Der , der , der what day is Christmas this year ? " We understand the urge to crowdsource when , say , you want to decide whether to cut off all your hair/paint your bedroom blue/get a full-body tattoo so as to resemble a Care Bear . All of those questions are open-ended , subjective and worthy of a response  such as , "  Hell no ! Go for Pedo Bear instead !  . But asking the masses something that you could have easily looked up yourself is just plain lazy , especially when said query makes you look like a full-on idiot . Moreover , your idiocy -- since it has been showcased in a public place -- does not just serve to amuse and horrify your friends . No ! With the advent of such tools as Open Book and resources like Lamebook and Buzzfeed , your utter mouth-breathing-ness has the ability to get the entire world wondering : How the hell do we continue to exist on this Earth when such stunning displays of dullness walk freely among us ? Read on for three examples of when people should have just Googled it . Who is Osama Bin Laden ? After al Qaeda leader Osama Bin Laden was killed by U.S. forces in May 2011 , confused folks started flooding Twitter and other social sites , posing such queries as : "  Who is Osama Bin Laden and why should I care ? " For some reason , we do n't think 140 characters is going to be enough to suss out that question . To their credit , the most perplexed parties  younger folks who were barely cognizant beings on 9/11  took to search engines as well , according to Yahoo News . Still , the parade of blithe tweets  "  Is he in a band ? "  are now forever stowed away in the Library of Congress like oh-so-embarrassing yearbook pictures -- only much , much worse . Who is Arcade Fire ? The music world thrives and subsists on snobbery , you guys . The ability to sneer , snort and say , "  Ha , yeah , you would n't have heard of this band . They only have , like , one EP and it 's not even on Spotify . " Sadly , you all provided this symposium of snobs with even more grist for the you 're - an-idiot mill when , following the Arcade Fire 's Grammy win last year , you took to the Web to cry : "  Who is Arcade Fire ? " Or worse yet : "  Who are the Suburbs ? " There 's now an entire Tumblr -- and T-shirts ! -- documenting your utter lack of musical knowledge . A Tumblr AND T-Shirts , you guys ... We 're not saying you have to listen to Arcade Fire -- I mean , "  The Suburbs " was sooooo 2010 , anyway . Just ... you know ... a little knowledge of their influences , coupled with some light delving into their back catalog would have really lent credence to your assertion that : "  JUSTIN BIEBER -- MY SWEET , SWEET LOVE -- WAS ROBBED ! WHO DA HELL IS THE ARCADE FLAMMEMMEM ? " What is SOAP ? Last week , Wikipedia went dark for one day in protest of SOPA  The Stop Online Piracy Act  and PIPA  Protect IP Act  , two  now tabled  bills in Congress designed to stop illegal copying and sharing of intellectual property online . Sites like Wikipedia see such acts as restrictive of online freedom , and in protest , staged mass , one-day blackouts of service . Wikipedia blacked out everything but the articles on SOPA and PIPA . Enter : The enraged masses . As documented by the genius Twitter aggregation account , @herpderpedia , folks fell to their knees and cried to the heavens  metaphorically -- we hope  , bemoaning the loss of that , their own source of news and information  sarcasm  . They beat their chests  again , we hope metaphorically  wondering why , oh why "  Soap "  "  WTF is SOAP ?! "  would take away their beloved friend . Apparently , no one was looking up "  SOPA " on Wikipedia . Or , you know , on CNN .	After Bin Laden was killed , people tweeted , "  Who is Osama Bin Laden ? " After Arcade Fire 's Grammy win , people took to the Web to cry : "  Who is Arcade Fire ? " Apparently , no one was looking up "  SOPA " on Wikipedia . Or , you know , on CNN
CNN  -- As regional fears of a spillover from Syria 's civil war increase , Israel plans to build a fence along the border with the embattled country . The announcement came Sunday during Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's weekly Cabinet address , in which he cited the construction of a 230-kilometer  143-mile  fence along Israel 's southern border with Egypt . Read more : Scavenging for food , Syrian children witness war "  We intend to erect an identical fence , with a few changes based on the actual territory , along the Golan Heights . We know that on  the  other side of our border with Syria today , the Syrian army has moved away , and in its place , global jihad forces have moved in , " Netanyahu said , according to a transcript of his remarks . "  Therefore , we will defend this border against both infiltration and terrorism , just as we are successfully doing on the Sinai border . " Syrian opposition and government sources have reported that the extremist al-Nusra Front , which the United States has designated as a terrorist group with links to al Qaeda in Iraq , has taken part in some of the fighting in Syria . Watch : Syrian refugees dig in for the winter Netanyahu also said the Syrian government is "  very unstable " and expressed concerns about the possible use of chemical weapons . Israel seized the Golan Heights , along with the West Bank , Gaza and the Sinai Peninsula , during the 1967 war . The Sinai has since been returned to Egypt . Israel annexed the Golan Heights in 1981 , a move not recognized by the international community and condemned by Syria , which still claims the land . Chaos from Syria 's civil war has already spilled into Turkey and Jordan . Read more : Al-Assad says enemies of Syria ` will go to hell ' Last month , shells and bullets landed in Jordanian territory because of fighting between government and rebel forces in western Syria . One Jordanian soldier was wounded , Jordan 's armed forces said . And last week , U.S. troops started arriving near the Turkish-Syrian border to man Patriot missile defense batteries , which are intended to intercept any Scud missiles that might cross into Turkey from Syria . The move was made after Syria launched Scud missiles at cities near the Turkish border . The batteries began arriving Monday , video showed . "  The deployment , which will take place over the next few weeks , will be defensive only , " NATO stressed in a statement Monday . "  It will not support a no-fly zone or any offensive operation . Its aim is to deter any threats to Turkey , to defend Turkey 's population and territory and to de-escalate the crisis on NATO 's southeastern border . " In October , five Turkish civilians were killed when errant Syrian artillery shells struck the Turkish border town of Akcakale . The Syrian government : Talk of reform leads to heavy skepticism Syria 's prime minister called Monday for Cabinet members to convene and decide how to implement measures announced by President Bashar al-Assad , state-run TV reported Monday . No date was announced for the meeting . In his first public speech since June , al-Assad outlined a plan Sunday to resolve the Syrian crisis . His plan includes national dialogue and a new constitution that would be put up for a public referendum . But there 's a major caveat to the plan : Al-Assad said he refuses to deal with "  terrorists , " a term the government often uses to describe the opposition . Similarly , opposition members have said they will not work directly with al-Assad 's "  criminal " government , nor will they accept any solution that does n't involve al-Assad 's departure . So the deadly impasse continues . World leaders slammed al-Assad 's speech , with British Foreign Secretary William Hague calling it "  beyond hypocritical . " "  Deaths , violence and oppression engulfing #Syria are his own making , empty promises of reform fool no one , " Hague tweeted . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said Monday that he was "  disappointed " by the speech , saying "  it does not contribute to a solution that could end the terrible suffering of the Syrian people . " At least 71 people , including seven children , were killed Monday in fresh violence , the opposition Local Coordination Committees said . More than 60,000 Syrians have been killed in the past 22 months , according to the United Nations . The chaos started in March 2011 , when peaceful anti-government protesters were met by a fierce government crackdown , which spiraled into an armed opposition movement and a civil war . Al-Assad 's family has ruled Syria for more than 40 years .	"  We will defend this border against both infiltration and terrorism , " Netanyahu says The Israeli prime minister says the Syrian government is "  very unstable " He also expressed concerns about the possible use of chemical weapons Turkey and Jordan have already seen Syrian violence crossing over borders
CNN  -- Police in Poland have recovered the infamous sign stolen from the front gate of the Auschwitz concentration camp and arrested five men , they announced Monday . The "  Arbeit Macht Frei " sign , which means "  Work Sets You Free " in German and is synonymous with the Nazi camps of World War II , was stolen late last week from Auschwitz in Poland , police said Friday . The theft prompted outrage around the world . Five men in their 20s and 30s have been arrested , journalist Tomas Machala of CNN affiliate Polsat in the Polish capital Warsaw said Monday . They were not neo-Nazis , he said , in response to speculation at the time of the theft that the far right was responsible . "  They have some criminal background , " he said , noting they had been arrested for robbery and brawling in the past . He did not give their names . "  They wanted to sell the sign and earn some money , " he said . Police said it was too early to say if they acted on their own or were hired to commit the robbery . They face up to 10 years in prison if they are convicted , Machala said . It is not clear how they managed to steal the sign , which was cut into three pieces into order to fit it into a car , he said . They were arrested hundreds of miles north of the concentration camp memorial , near the city of Gdansk . The sign had been hidden in a forest , Machala said . Police were "  alerted at 5 a.m. local time on Friday by museum guards " that the sign , was stolen , according to police spokeswoman Agnieszka Szczygiel . The heavy iron sign "  was removed by being unscrewed on one side and pulled off on the other , " Szczygiel said . The police investigation is ongoing . The chairman of Yad Vashem , Israel 's Holocaust museum , called the theft shocking . "  The theft of such a symbolic object is an attack on the memory of the Holocaust , and an escalation from those elements that would like to return us to darker days , " Avner Shalev said Friday . "  I call on all enlightened forces in the world -- who fight against anti-semitism , racism , xenophobia and the hatred of the other -- to join together to combat these trends , " he said . More than 1 million people died in gas chambers or were starved to death in the Auschwitz-Birkenau concentration camp complex ; about 90 percent of the victims were Jews . Rabbi Marvin Hier , founder and dean of the Los Angeles-based Simon Wiesenthal Center , called the sign "  the defining symbol of the Holocaust . "  Everyone knew that this was not a place where work makes you free , but it was the place where millions of men , women , and children were brought for one purpose only -- to be murdered , " Hier said . "  The audacity and boldness of this crime deserves the full attention of the Polish government . " The center calls itself one of the largest international Jewish human rights organizations . CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro contributed to this report .	Police arrest five men after recovering a sign stolen from Auschwitz The sign read "  Work Sets You Free " or "  Albeit Macht Frei " The men are believed not to be neo-Nazis as some had speculated
CNN  When Evonne Goolagong Cawley first picked up an apple crate board to hit a ball against any flat surface she could find , Wimbledon was always the dream . The tennis-obsessed youngster would play for hours on end against a wall or a water tank , at the time thinking the tournament was merely the stuff of fairy tales . "  I read this princess magazine story , " recalls the 63-year-old seven-time Grand Slam singles winner in an interview with CNN Open Court at the Australian Open . "  One story was about this girl who trained and was taken to this place called Wimbledon where she won on this magical court . "  I did n't know it was for real but she said ` yes , this place exists in England ' . " From that moment henceforth , the wall or water tank was the net at the All England Club , the concrete under her feet the hallowed grass turf graced by so many past champions . "  Every time I went to sleep at night , I would dream about playing at that magical center court and every time I hit the wall I would pretend I was there . " Goolagong Cawley 's fairy tale came true . Nicknamed the ` Sunshine super girl ' early in her career , Goolagong Cawley achieved exactly that feat in 1971 , winning the first of Grand Slam titles . She is 12th on the list of all-time singles grand slam winners level with Venus Williams and ended her career with 19 single titles in all . As well as two Wimbledon titles , Goolagong Cawley also won the Australian Open four times , the French Open , three Fed Cup titles and reached world No. 1 in 1976 . If the fairy tale came true , there were also many times when the clock struck midnight , with her story marked by episodes where -- as with so many Aborigines -- she was often treated as a second-class citizen . There was a regular fear of being taken away from her parents . Many Australians thought the best practice was for Aboriginal children to be removed from their families to be given a life away from poverty and an education in white Australian society . "  Whenever a car would come down the road , my mum would tell us to hide ` or else the welfare man would take you away , ' " she recalls . Even as an adult she was acutely aware of how Aborigines could be excluded from everyday life -- even after winning Wimbledon . "  Before I started traveling overseas and I was with a friend and in those days I loved music and I loved disco dancing so she took me out but I was n't allowed in . "  That happened again in Brisbane and I was with two Aboriginal friends and this was just after I won Wimbledon . I said ` do n't worry we 'll go somewhere else ' . I think it hurt my friends more than me . " The Goolagong family were the only Aborigines in the small town of Barellan in New South Wales . Her father Kenny was a hard-working sheep shearer , who gained notoriety for being able to shear 100 animals in a day . The tennis star was the third of Kenny and Melindra 's eight children . In her town , Goolagong Cawley became renowned for her tennis and was first invited to play on a court when a neighbor , Bill Kurtzman , caught her peering through the fence . Following encouragement from locals , tennis coach Vic Edwards traveled up from Sydney to see the then 10-year-old play . He persuaded her parents to let him bring her to the metropolis , enrolled her in school , coached her and , for a time , had her live with him . She arrived in the big city with her first tennis dress , made for her by her mother from sheets and with equipment paid for by the people of her home town . There was no pressure on her to play the sport by her parents and her mother would never ask on her return after a match if she had won , merely if she had had fun . Encountering racism in tennis Sydney was to provide no respite from the racism Goolagong Cawley had to face . She especially remembers an incident while playing with Edwards ' daughter against two older ladies . "  One of the older ladies did n't like the idea of two youngsters beating up on them . We won pretty easily . When it was time to shake hands . "  And she said ; ` This is the first time I 've had the pleasure of playing a Nigger ' and I 've never heard that before and I started to get really upset . " As her mentor Edwards did his best to shield her from such prejudice . "  He taught me not to believe in what you read , believe in yourself so I never read anything . I realize now he was blocking me from a lot of things . "  I always just thought of myself as a tennis player . I was protected from a lot of publicity and politics of life . " But her tennis success helped Goolagong Cawley break down barriers , becoming the first non-white to play in apartheid South Africa in a tournament in 1972 . Even today , she is helping indigenous people in Australia with the foundation she has set up with her husband , the former British tennis player Roger Cawley . Her motto for it -- as it was during her playing days -- is "  dream , believe , learn , achieve . " The program encourages the children to play tennis but also to stay in school as they do so . "  The reason why I 'm doing this is because I would n't be here unless I had the initial support of the townspeople of Barellan . That 's why I am doing what I am doing today , trying to help young indigenous kids find their dream . " By the time she arrived as a player at her dream location of Wimbledon , the then 18-year-old , also known as ` La Belle Evonne , ' was already well known to the British press . She was put on the show courts , unheard of back then for an unheralded young player . "  I did n't realize they were writing about me before I got there , " she recalls . "  They did n't normally put a young person first time at Wimbledon on center court but they did with me . "  It really scared the hell out of me and I wanted to get off the court as quickly as possible and I did . " On her return the following year in 1971 , she beat the great Margaret Court and fellow Australian in the final , although graciously insists that was only because her opponent was pregnant and not moving to the best of her ability . However , Goolagong Cawley repeated the feat on the same hallowed turf in 1980 with a three-year-old daughter in tow . In so doing , she was the first mother to be crowned Wimbledon champion since before the outset of World War I. ` Super girl ' had become ` super mum . ' But for all the monikers , titles and accolades , "  having fun " was the key motivation . "  I believe that 's what life is all about . I certainly had a lot of fun during my career playing tennis , doing the thing I wanted to do and to do it well . "	Evonne Goolagong Cawley 's tennis play began with an apple crate board But she reached world No. 1 and achieved seven Grand Slam titles in the process As an Aborigine , though , there were issues of racism she faced in her career
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. government announced Monday that it has eased the requirements for orphaned children from Haiti to enter the United States on a temporary basis . The move is being made to ensure they get needed care after last week 's earthquake in Haiti , said Department of Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano , who made the announcement in coordination with the U.S. Department of State . "  We are committed to doing everything we can to help reunite families in Haiti during this very difficult time , " said Napolitano in a news release . "  While we remain focused on family reunification in Haiti , authorizing the use of humanitarian parole for orphans who are eligible for adoption in the United States will allow them to receive the care they need here . " Napolitano can grant humanitarian parole into the United States to bring otherwise inadmissible individuals into the country for urgent humanitarian reasons or other emergencies . The State Department said earlier Monday it is working with DHS and the Haitian government to process nearly 300 cases of Americans who are waiting to adopt Haitian children . Of those , 200 cases are being accelerated . Twenty-four of those children , whose cases "  were at the very end of the process " before the 7.0 magnitude earthquake that struck Haiti nearly a week ago , have departed Haiti and joined their new families after the embassy expedited processing for immigrant visas , said Michele Bond , deputy assistant secretary for American citizen services . Department officials said Sunday that 150 children had already left Haiti , but corrected that number Monday . Officials are reviewing every case individually to see where they are in the process , what actions have been taken in the case and whether the case can be accelerated , Bond said . The department said it will be announcing an adoption plan with travel specifics shortly . If an American adoption case was early in the process , there is no guarantee of an accelerated adoption , Bond said . Examples of being early in the process would be if prospective parents have not been properly vetted ; have not been matched with a specific child ; or have been matched with a child but the Haitian government is still attempting to prove absolutely the child is an orphan . The State Department is working with DHS to examine the documents in each case and show some flexibility , but this also requires the agreement of the Haitian government , she said . "  It 's important to remember that the best interests of the child are at the heart of all this , " Bond said . "  We want them to be well cared-for . " Families with active adoption cases will be contacted by the department , she said . If a family is in the process of adopting from Haiti and wants information , family members can send an e-mail to askci@state.gov . They will be contacted and told what documents are needed , she said . Prospective families need to know , however , that officials are getting thousands of inquiries . On Sunday , the department received 300 inquiries related to 16 cases , she said . So multiple calls may not be the most efficient way for prospective families to get news about their child . Are you in Haiti and safe ? Share your story , photos with CNN iReport Before last Tuesday 's quake , Haiti was home to about 380,000 orphans , according to the United Nations Children 's Fund . Many of them may be homeless now , since a number of orphanages are reported to have been among the buildings that were destroyed in the earthquake . The family status of many children may not yet be known , so adoption is not the first solution , Bond said . The focus is on getting the children aid and reuniting them with their families , she said . That total is expected to grow once the dead and missing from last Tuesday 's disaster have been accounted for . Some children who lost parents in the quake or were separated from parents are being relocated to the Dominican Republic , a child advocacy group said . iReport : Haitians are looking for loved ones About 50 orphaned and abandoned children will arrive in the border town of Jimani on Wednesday , Kids Alive International said . The efforts , coordinated with the governments of both countries , will eventually take the children back to Haiti . Some will be reunited with parents who lost communication with their children in the quake 's aftermath , the group said . The Dutch Ministry of Foreign Affairs has chartered a plane to pick up about 100 children Monday , spokesman Aad Meijer said Sunday . Dutch Justice Minister Ernst Hirsch Ballin over the weekend granted the children entry into the country , although their paperwork , including travel and adoption documents , was incomplete , Justice Ministry spokesman Patrick Mikkelsen said . About 44 of the orphans ' adoptions had yet to be approved by a Haitian judge , even though they were matched to Dutch parents , Mikkelsen said . Dutch officials may seek the remaining approvals from Haiti once the children have already settled in the Netherlands , he said . CNN 's Melissa Gray , Richard Greene and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	U.S. authorizing "  humanitarian parole " for eligible orphans , says Department of Homeland chief 200 adoption cases are being accelerated in wake of last week 's quake Twenty-four kids have departed Haiti and joined new families , official says Focus in Haiti remains on getting children aid , reuniting them with their families
CNN  -- The family of an American citizen who was detained for several months in North Korea said Saturday it was ecstatic over news of his release and thanked the U.S. and North Korean governments for the roles they played in it . A U.S. team led by envoy Robert King left North Korea Saturday after winning the release Eddie Yong Su Jun , state media reported . "  Words can not fully express how overjoyed we are to be reunited with our husband and father , " read a statement from the Jun family that was given to CNN . "  We are grateful that the DPRK government has granted our plea for his humanitarian release ; further , we sincerely thank them for taking care of his health . " Jun , a Korean-American businessman , was detained for "  committing a crime " against North Korea after entering the country , KCNA had reported . Jun admitted his crime during an investigation , the North Korean news agency said , but it did not specify what crime he had allegedly committed . Jun was arrested in November , KCNA reported . "  We would also like to express our deep gratitude to the U.S. State Department and Congressman Royce and his staff for their unwavering commitment to protect the welfare of US citizens and to see our family reunited , " Jun 's family said , thanking Rep. Ed Royce , R-California . The family is from the southern part of the state . Jun 's release followed a visit by King , the special envoy for North Korean human rights , and Jon Brause , from the U.S. Agency for International Development . The group went there to assess food shortages that have left thousands starving after floods and harsh weather devastated North Korea 's crops . King and Brause "  expressed regret at the incident on behalf of the U.S. government and assured that it would make all its efforts to prevent the recurrence of similar incident , " KCNA reported . The news agency also said former U.S. President Jimmy Carter asked North Korea to pardon Jun. . "  Taking all this into account , the ... government decided to set him free from the humanitarian " standpoint , KCNA said . State Department spokesman Mark Toner cheered news of Jun 's release , but stressed decisions about food aid are in no way related to "  any policy decision if you will . It 's a separate process all together , " he said . The assessment team traveling with King will continue its work on the ground and "  when they come back , we will look at their assessments , study it and compare to other assessments by other "  nongovernmental organizations and groups that have made similar trips , to make a decision on the amount of aid to extend , Toner said Friday . While the United States praised the North for its action , the two countries are still a long way from normalizing relations . Tensions between North Korea and the West have spiked in recent years due in part to concerns over Pyongyang 's nuclear development program . The United States and South Korea held joint military drills in February , despite North Korea 's warning to the South not to carry them out -- calling the exercises a provocation . South Korea accuses the North of torpedoing and sinking one of its warships in March 2010 , killing 46 sailors . In November , North Korea shelled Yeonpyeong Island , killing two South Korean marines and two civilians . That same month , it detained Jun. . Two State Department officials , speaking on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to release details , told CNN in April that Jun was a Korean-American businessman who had a visa to enter North Korea . The U.S. suspended aid two years ago to North Korea because it suspected the donated food was being diverted to the military or not reaching those most in need . North Korea has detained several Americans in recent years , increasing tension levels in what is already a rocky relationship between Pyongyang and Washington . In 2010 , Carter helped secure the release of Aijalon Mahli Gomes , a U.S. citizen who was fined about $ 600,000 and sentenced to eight years of hard labor for crossing over the Chinese border into North Korea . Gomes , who attempted suicide while in North Korean custody , was thought to be a Christian activist . Two American journalists , Laura Ling and Euna Lee , were arrested after entering North Korea in 2009 . They were sentenced to 12 years ' hard labor before being released in August 2009 after an intervention by former President Bill Clinton . CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Eddie Yong Su Jun was let go after several months in detention He was released at the request of the U.S. , says state-run news agency His family thanks the North Korean government for taking care of Jun 's health
CNN  -- Anita Davenport 's curiosity about her family 's past began with the photographs that surrounded her . She said she wanted to know the stories behind the images of her parents and uncles . Anita Davenport 's grandfather , Walter , was stationed in Battle Creek , Michigan , during World War I . The stories she found -- and shared during several phone conversations from her home in Culver City , California -- parallel the African-American journey during the past century . The search took her to 1894 , when her grandfather , Walter , was born in Stone Mountain , Georgia . Walter Davenport moved to Wedowee , Alabama . During World War I , Davenport was stationed at Fort Custer in Battle Creek , Michigan , Anita said . Thousands of other African-Americans were also on the move , mainly to the Northeast and the Midwest , eager for opportunities related to the war and industrialization , according to Howard Dodson , a historian and the director of the Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture . Walter Davenport later returned to Alabama , married and had nine children , one of whom was Anita 's father , Frank . Walter was fond of Battle Creek and regaled his family with stories , Anita said . The stories must have been convincing . The eldest of his nine children , also named Walter , moved north to Battle Creek in 1951 . Frank Davenport , Anita 's father , later joined his older brother in Michigan . Anita was born in Battle Creek . Between 1940 and 1970 , more than 5 million African-Americans left the South , migrating to cities like Boston , Massachusetts ; Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; Chicago , Illinois ; Detroit , Michigan , and New York . "  You have this incredible movement of black people across the width and breadth of this land and -LSB- they -RSB- establish themselves as a national presence , rather than a regional one -LSB- based -RSB- in the South , " Dodson said . Interactive : Explore the African-American journey That movement of African-Americans -- called "  the Great Migration " -- had a clear and direct impact on the country . "  It made race a national issue , " said Nicholas Lemann , author of "  The Promised Land : The Great Black Migration and How It Changed America . " "  You could say it was always a national issue and have a very powerful case ... but it was possible to say , ` It 's a Southern issue , ' " he said . "  After the Great Migration , it was no longer possible . " African-American culture was interacting with other cultures across the whole of American society , Lemann said , "  affecting everything from government policy and music to sports and everything in between . " The return South Civil rights legislation passed during the 1960s helped set the stage for the next era of African-American migration : A return to the South . Around 1970 , many African-Americans began moving back to the South , historians and demographers say . The trend accelerated during the 1990s and this decade , according to William Frey , a demographer at the Brookings Institution , a Washington-based think-tank . From 1965 through 1970 , the South experienced a net migration loss -- the number of people who moved into the region compared to the number of people who moved out -- of more than 287,000 African-Americans . Thirty years later , the numbers were nearly the opposite . From 1995 through 2000 , the South saw a gain of nearly 350,000 African-Americans . iReport.com : Share your family 's story The statistics come from an analysis of census data conducted by Frey in 2004 . The numbers of African-Americans returning to the South are not as large as those seen during the Great Migration , but the trend has resonance because of the place the region occupies in black history and mythology . The ascendance of the South 's economy was a key factor behind the return migration , Frey said . "  I think there 's a push and a pull involved with the movement , " he said . "  A lot of it had to do with the decline of heavy industry , which employed a lot of blacks and blue-collar whites , in a whole set of Rust Belt states , " he said . Meanwhile , states like Georgia , Florida , Texas , and increasingly the Carolinas , Virginia and Tennessee were booming , Frey said . Civil rights legislation and a more educated society made the South more tolerant and hospitable . The booming economy provided jobs and opportunity . But there is also an emotional element for many African-Americans when it comes to the region . "  I think a big part , aside from the economy , is the kind of historic roots that blacks have had there , " Frey said . "  There is something culturally attractive about the South to the African-American population even though they spent many decades surviving brutal treatment during the Jim Crow period and a lot of the racial discrimination that occurred . " Dodson , the historian , said many people , especially retirees , made decisions to return out of a desire to connect with ancestral homes , churches and communities . Anita 's parents still live in Battle Creek , though they spend the winters in the South . Her uncle , Walter Davenport , moved to Stone Mountain , the place of his father 's birth , in 1998 . When asked for the reasons behind her uncle 's move , Anita said it was a love of the land , the slower pace and something almost "  mysterious . " "  They wanted to get out of the South , but it still calls them , " she said of her family 's journey during the past few decades . There 's "  something about the land and it just calls them back like a song . " CNN 's Christina Zdanowicz contributed to this report .	For much of the 20th century , many African-Americans left the South Census statistics suggest many are returning to the region An economic boom in the Sun Belt states was a key factor , experts say Interactive : Explore the different African-American migrations through history
CNN  -- Indian cricket legend Sachin Tendulkar was again denied the chance to secure a record 100th international century on Friday as Australia won the second Test in Sydney by an innings and 68 runs to take an unassailable 2-0 lead in the four-match series . Tendulkar is international cricket 's record run scorer in both the five-day and limited overs formats but has been stranded on 99 centuries since March last year . The 38-year-old batsman made 73 in the first innings of India 's 122-run defeat in Melbourne , and this time the "  Little Master " fell for 80 after being caught by Michael Hussey off the part-time bowling of Australia captain Michael Clarke . Having started the penultimate day on 112-4 , 354 runs behind Australia 's 659-4 declared , the tourists were dismissed for 400 to end any hopes of a first series win on the continent . Clarke 's triple ton squeezes India It was another frustrating dismissal for Tendulkar , who fell agonizingly short against the West Indies in his home city Mumbai in November when he was out for 94 . His last century came against South Africa at the 50-over World Cup when he reached 111 . Tendulkar 's wicket was all the more sweet for man of the match Clarke , whose unbeaten 329 with the bat put Australia in control of the match . "  It 's a very nice wicket to have , that 's for sure , " Clarke told reporters . "  To be able to get such a great player out is a very handy wicket , so I was stoked with that . "  Sachin 's been such a great player for so long , everyone goes through that period . It 's nice that he 's not made his 100th hundred in this series , but there 's a long way to go . Never write off great players . As a team we have the greatest respect for him . " Resuming on eight , Tendulkar quickly reached 50 off 89 balls -- including seven fours -- and went to the lunch break on 70 , before being caught at slip from Clarke 's gentle left-arm off-spin . Opening batsman Gautam Gambhir earlier fell for 83 , while VVS Laxman added 103 with Tendulkar before becoming the fifth man to depart for 66 . Laxman and captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni  2  both went to fast bowler Ben Hilfenhaus , who completed a five-wicket haul when he dismissed Ravi Ashwin for 62 to end the innings . "  We have lost the chance of winning the series , but with two more Test matches to go we can level the series so that 's what we 're looking to do , " said Dhoni , whose team made a disappointing 191 in the first innings . "  It is a bit of a worry but the good thing is in the second innings we saw the batsmen score runs . What we have seen in the last couple of Test matches is everybody has scored at least a 50 which gives us an indication that we need to convert those fifties into big innings and put runs on the board . " Hilfenhaus ended the Sydney match with figures of 8-157 , but Australia 's celebrations were tempered by the news that promising young fast bowler James Pattinson will miss the final two clashes of the series due to a foot injury . The 21-year-old played a major role in Australia 's victory , taking four wickets in the first innings and one in the second , and has an impressive haul of 25 wickets in his first four Test matches . Meanwhile , South Africa clinched a long-awaited 2-1 series victory at home to Sri Lanka after winning the third Test in Cape Town by 10 wickets on Friday . The tourists reached 342 in their second innings after a battling 115 not out by Thilan Samaraweera , which meant the Proteas needed just two runs for victory . Sri Lanka resumed on day four at 138-4 with Samaraweera on 19 , and raised hopes of setting a decent target as he took his partnership with Angelo Mathews to 142 . But Vernon Philander trapped all-rounder Mathews leg before wicket for 63 , and the fast bowler then claimed his third wicket as young wicketkeeper Dinesh Chandimal went for one . Spinner Imran Tahir and all-rounder Jaques Kallis mopped up the tail to also finish with three wickets each as South Africa won a series at home for the first time since 2008 .	Sachin Tendulkar denied the chance to secure a record 100th international century The 38-year-old batsman caught off part-time bowling of Michael Clarke for 80 Australia captain Clarke named man of the match after his team take 2-0 series lead South Africa clinch 2-1 series victory over Sri Lanka after winning third Test in Cape Town
CNN  A court in Ivory Coast has sentenced former first lady Simone Gbagbo to 20 years in prison , the official AIP news agency said . Gbagbo was convicted Monday for her role in carrying out crimes against humanity following post-election violence in 2010 which left more than 3,000 people dead . Her husband , former president Laurent Gbagbo , is in the custody of the Hague-based International Criminal Court awaiting trial over similar charges . The charges stem from the aftermath of Gbagbo 's husband 's election defeat in 2010 . Laurent Gbagbo , then the incumbent president , refused to step down after Alassane Ouattara was declared the winner of the election . The standoff sparked months of violence between supporters of the two sides , leaving thousands dead . In 2012 , the ICC issued a warrant against her , alleging that as a member of the president 's inner circle , his wife was an "  indirect co-perpetrator . " She attended meetings where plans were discussed and carried out to persecute Ouattara supporters , according to the warrant . Her husband surrendered to the ICC in December of that year , and is currently awaiting trial at The Hague on crimes against humanity for the civil unrest and deaths . Both have denied the charges . But Ivory Coast refused to transfer Simone Gbago , saying it would try her in a domestic court instead . On Monday , it did . CNN 's Faith Karimi contributed to this report .	Her husband is in ICC custody over similar charges Ivory Coast refused to transfer Simone Gbagbo to ICC
New York  CNN  -- New York police said Thursday that they will talk to an inmate who admitted to being part of the 1994 robbery and shooting of rapper Tupac Shakur . The inmate was quoted on the website allhiphop.com this week admitting to being a part of the attack and saying he was paid by a music mogul for it . "  Detectives are going to speak to the individual , " a New York Police spokesman said early Thursday morning . Shakur publicly blamed the 1994 attack , which occurred at a music studio in New York , on Christopher "  Notorious B.I.G. " Wallace and Sean "  P-Diddy " Combs . While Shakur survived the 1994 attack , he was fatally shot in Las Vegas in 1996 . Wallace was shot and killed in 1997 in Los Angeles . Both murders have not been solved . The 1994 shooting and robbing of Shakur is viewed as sparking the infamous West Coast versus East Coast feud in rap music , which ultimately led to the shooting deaths of both Wallace and Shakur . The hip hop website named the inmate as Dexter Isaac and said he is an inmate currently serving life in prison for an unrelated murder and robbery . Isaac apologized to Shakur 's family for the incident and blamed it on the music mogul . CNN is witholding the music executive 's name because he has not been reached for comment . CNN 's Jason Kessler contributed to this report .	"  Detectives are going to speak to the individual , " a New York Police spokesman says The 1994 attack on Shakur is viewed as starting the West Coast versus East Coast feud in rap music Shakur survived but was shot and killed in 1996 in Las Vegas
Washington  CNN  -- A gaffe is when a politician is caught telling the truth , the old saying goes . So it was in March when a hot microphone picked up President Barack Obama telling his Russian counterpart , Dmitri Medvedev , that he will have "  more flexibility " if he wins re-election in November . The president 's top aides scrambled to downplay the remark , assuring reporters Obama does n't have any surprises up his sleeve should voters hand him a second term . But underlying the president 's comment is a truism of American politics : Without the specter of a looming election , a second-term president is liberated to pursue policies that are n't politically tenable at the ballot box . What 's more , an Obama win in November would provide an opportunity for the president to claim a mandate to press forward full-throttle with policies Republicans have spent the last two years deriding . "  He 's going to try to pick up everything he did n't get the first term and he will certainly try to use whatever mandate he has going forward , " said Jennifer Rubin , a conservative columnist for the Washington Post . Moreover , an Obama win would be a stinging defeat for Republicans who currently view the president as extremely vulnerable . The result may be a rethinking among GOP ranks on Capitol Hill about how to proceed . "  Republicans will be under a huge amount of pressure to be conciliatory , " said Rubin . The last two presidents are instructive : Upon winning re-election narrowly in 2004 , President Bush declared that he had "  earned political capital . " He spent the following months attempting to shepherd through an unpopular overhaul of Social Security , a measure so unpalatable that members of his own party forced him to drop it . After his easy re-election in 1996 , Bill Clinton immediately proposed a massively priced children 's health insurance bill and a significant increase in education spending  he got both  . So when Vice President Joe Biden said over the weekend that he supports same-sex marriage -- a position the president has inched steadily toward but not yet backed full-bore -- conservatives and political observers alike took it as a sure sign Obama himself will embrace the issue if his next four years are secured . "  If you ask me , his position is a lot like what he said to Medvedev at the open mic in Europe , " said former New York Gov. George Pataki on Tuesday . "  I think the American people deserve to know today where President Obama stands today and where he will stand next year on this issue . " So what else do Republicans think may result from an unbridled Obama ? Many Republicans CNN spoke with pointed to taxes first . The president himself has made no secret he wants to raise taxes on American households making more than $ 250,000 a year . But some Republicans fear that 's just the beginning . "  Eventually the structural budget and deficit will have to get addressed , and his solution is likely to be a tax increase on the middle class , " Rubin said . The White House maintains Obama wants to overhaul the tax code , keeping rates steady for middle - and lower-income Americans while closing corporate loopholes and instituting a minimum tax on those making more than $ 1 million . But Obama has offered few details on the dazzlingly complex undertaking . "  There is uncertainty around the president 's tax policy that scares fiscal conservatives " said Margaret Hoover , a conservative commentator who worked in the Bush White House . "  He has to deal with taxes right away and he does n't know how he 's going to do it , " said Brad Dayspring , a former aide to House Minority Leader Eric Cantor . Republicans also predict a massive increase in spending should the president get a second term , starting with health care . Many of the law 's reforms do n't kick in until 2013 , promising a hefty price next year if the measure is n't modified . "  Right now there are just budget gimmicks to pay for it , " said Dayspring , "  He has to figure out how to pay for it . And he 's shown no will to reform entitlements . " "  There is a sincere fear that our economy will collapse if Obama stays in office because of spending and entitlements , " added Matt Lewis , a conservative blogger for The Daily Caller . Uncertainty over business regulations is also causing unease . Republicans argue one of the reasons the recovery has been so sluggish is the uncertainty around increased regulations . Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney has vowed to repeal the Dodd-Frank Act , the Wall Street reform measure signed into law by Obama in 2010 . Particularly irksome is that the bill bestowed considerable power to rule-making agencies , like the newly established Consumer Financial Protection Bureau . Should Obama win , he 's likely to leave the act untouched . "  Republicans worry that not amending certain provisions of Dodd-Frank will stall the recovery , " Hoover said . On the foreign policy front , critics say Obama could go soft on missile defense in Europe and allow Iran to strengthen its stature . "  Iran and Russia will continue to be emboldened , " said Hoover . Of course , these doomsday scenarios are to be expected in election year politics and the president himself makes similarly unsettling predictions about what a Romney presidency would bring . Meanwhile , White House aides say climate change , energy reform and an immigration overhaul are on the top of the president 's list for term No. 2 . But one issue in particular has some conservatives especially wary : the Supreme Court . With three justices well into their 70s , it 's likely there will be at least one retirement in the next four years on the high court , possibly from the conservative bloc . "  This is what many Republican thought-leaders are most concerned about , " said Lewis . "  They have lifetime appointments . It 's the most powerful way Obama can leave his mark . "	A second term would allow Obama to push forward with agenda Biden 's same-sex marriage comments fueled speculation about Obama 's view Republicans think Obama would push tax increases in second term New regulations are a target of GOP if they prevent second Obama term
CNN  -- The host of CBS ' "  Late Show " may be changing , but the location is staying the same . CBS and New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo announced Wednesday that "  Late Show With Stephen Colbert " will stay in New York City , where it 's been for 21 years with David Letterman . "  I am pleased to announce that the ` Late Show ' will stay in New York , where it belongs , " Cuomo said in a statement . "  As David Letterman passes the baton to Stephen Colbert , I look forward to watching ` The Late Show ' from the historic Ed Sullivan Theater for years to come . " CBS President and CEO Leslie Moonves was also upbeat . "  We 're thrilled to continue broadcasting CBS 's ` Late Show ' from New York and call the Ed Sullivan Theater its home , " Moonves said in a statement . "  We 're excited to be here in late night for many years to come . " As part of the deal , CBS will be eligible to receive at least $ 11 million in tax credits . Another $ 5 million grant from Empire State Development , New York State 's chief economic development agency , will also be made available to offset renovations at the Ed Sullivan Theater , the statement said . Letterman announced his retirement on April 3 . Colbert was selected as the "  Late Show 's " new host a week later . Stephen Colbert to succeed David Letterman The Ed Sullivan Theater , where famed variety host Ed Sullivan hosted his CBS show for many years , has been Letterman 's home since he came to the network in 1993 . It 's David Letterman 's comedy world Letterman has had great fun with his New York environs -- first on NBC 's "  Late Night , " where his sketches made the rounds of the Big Apple , and then on the "  Late Show , " where he made stars of local characters and hosted concerts on the theater marquee . Colbert will take over the show some time in 2015 . He 'll be leaving Comedy Central 's "  The Colbert Report " at the end of 2014 , which will become a new show , "  The Minority Report With Larry Wilmore , " in January .	CBS ' "  Late Show " to keep Ed Sullivan Theater as home under new host Show has been in New York for David Letterman 's entire run on CBS Stephen Colbert to succeed Letterman in 2015
Kaufman County , Texas  CNN  -- Texas authorities are examining leads big and small , from skid marks made by large tires outside the home of a Kaufman County district attorney to bullets that took the lives of him and his wife . Four days after Mike McLelland and his wife , Cynthia , were discovered shot to death in their home , investigators were still trying to determine who targeted the couple . "  We have n't come close to charging anyone , " a law enforcement official -- speaking on condition of anonymity -- told CNN on Wednesday . The official was not authorized to publicly release details of the investigation . Authorities have been tight-lipped about the investigation that has rocked the community east of Dallas , citing an ongoing investigation . This much is known : Investigators are working to determine whether there is a connection between the killings of the McLellands and the shooting death nearly two months earlier of the district attorney 's chief felony prosecutor , Mark Hasse . The investigation the McLellands ' killing is broad and nothing is being ruled out , according to a law enforcement official who was briefed on the progress of the case . The official was not authorized to publicly release details of the investigation . The McLellands were shot more than a dozen times , the official said . They also are looking at a white supremacist gang targeted by Texas and federal authorities last year , drug cartels and someone with a personal grudge against the slain prosecutors . White supremacists involved ? The white supremacist angle gained traction in part because McLelland , in an interview with The Associated Press before his death , speculated that the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas could have been behind Hasse 's slaying . "  We put some real dents in the Aryan Brotherhood around here in the past year , " McLelland told the news agency . McLelland said he was n't involved in the Aryan Brotherhood investigation , but his office was one of numerous Texas and federal agencies involved in a multiyear investigation that led to the indictment last year of 34 alleged members of the group -- including four of its senior leaders -- on racketeering charges . While authorities have not said whether they have linked white supremacists to the deaths , Texas law enforcement agencies did warn shortly after the November 2012 indictment that there was "  credible information " the group was planning to retaliate . Gov. Rick Perry , asked Wednesday about the Aryan Brotherhood 's possible involvement , said it was too soon to link or discount the white supremacist group . "  I think it 's obviously too early to be speculating on whether there is any direct contact , but I think it 's wise for us to not overlook any evidence that either may be superficial or otherwise , " he said on Fox News . "  So they are here , they are active in this state . We know the drug cartels are very , very active in our country now , " Perry said . Public corruption link ? Since the January 31 killing of Hasse , authorities have pored through his case files , including public corruption cases . One example involves Eric Williams , a former justice of the peace , convicted last year . Saturday night , hours after the McLellands were found dead at their home , investigators met at a local Denny 's restaurant with the convicted official , his attorney told CNN on Tuesday . Investigators took swab samples from Williams ' hand to test for gun residue , attorney David Sergi said . The law enforcement official who spoke to CNN said Williams passed some tests looking for gunshot residue . The official said Williams is not considered a leading suspect . Williams is "  one angle we are looking at , " the official said . Sergi says his client voluntarily cooperated because he has nothing to hide . Williams was convicted of burglary and theft by a public servant and was sentenced to two years ' probation . Explainer : What is the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas ? Terror threats As investigators search for leads in the case , authorities say a man called in a threat to a tip line , naming a county official as the next victim . Authorities arrested Nick Morale , 56 , on one charge of making a terroristic threat after he allegedly threatened a county official , Lt. Justin Lewis of the Kaufman County Sheriff 's Office said Wednesday . An arrest affidavit alleges that Morale called the county 's Crime Stoppers tip line on Monday afternoon , saying that a county official "  would be the next victim . " Lewis said there was "  nothing to link " Morale to the slayings of McLelland , his wife or Hasse . Morale was behind bars Wednesday with bond set at $ 1 million , Lewis said . Authorities declined to release the name or position of the county official who was threatened . Probe of Texas killings looks at corruption cases ' A trying time ' The district attorney 's office in Kaufman County , which has about a dozen prosecutors , has kept a low profile since the killings . But it released a statement saying it , too , is trying to grapple with the killings . "  We would like to thank everyone for their thoughts and prayers for the family and co-workers of Mike and Cynthia McLelland ; they , and the support that we have received in the last two days , are greatly appreciated , " the statement read . "  This is certainly a trying time for all of us both professionally as an office , and personally as friends and co-workers of Mr. McLelland and his wife . Our thoughts and prayers go out to their families . " Kaufman County government offices will close Thursday to allow employees to attend a public memorial service in honor of the McLellands , Wood said . A funeral will follow on Friday . Brandi Fernandez , McLelland 's first assistant district attorney , has been named to lead the office on an interim basis . She will fill that role until the governor appoints a successor . But whoever becomes Kaufman County 's next top prosecutor will have to grapple with a haunting legacy , Kaufman city Mayor William Fortner said . "  I wonder if the governor is going to find anyone brave enough to take the job of district attorney . " Murders of prosecutors in U.S. called ` beyond rare ' Gary Tuchman , Ed Lavandera reported from Kaufman County ; Chelsea J. Carter , Holly Yan and Joe Sterling reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Carol Cratty , Maria P. White and Vivian Kuo also contributed to this report .	Officials are still trying to determine whether the killings are linked McLellands were shot more than a dozen times , an official says Mike McLelland was the second Kaufman County prosecutor slain in two months Assistant District Attorney Mark Hasse was shot to death in January
CNN  -- The winner of the 82nd annual Scripps National Spelling Bee said Friday she is "  pretty excited " but a little tired . Kavya Shivashankar of Olathe , Kansas , reacts to winning the Scripps National Spelling Bee on Thursday night . "  This has been my dream for so long ; I 've always wanted to win the bee , " Kavya Shivashankar , 13 , of Olathe , Kansas , told CNN . "  I was just really excited when I was able to go up and spell the last word . " The eighth-grader won $ 40,000 in cash and prizes for nailing the final word , "  Laodicean , " which means lukewarm or indifferent , particularly in matters of politics or religion . This year 's bee -- an event that has skyrocketed in popularity thanks to exposure on television and in movies -- started Tuesday in Washington with a record 293 spellers . Kavya endured 15 rounds . In an event that has seen contestants crack under the strain of the national spotlight , Kavya -- competing in her fourth national finals -- appeared composed throughout . Watch the poised winner describe the thrill " As she spelled words such as "  phoresy , " "  hydrargyrum " and "  huisache , " she calmly went through the routine of asking each word 's pronunciation , origin and roots before ticking their spellings off for the judges . "  I focus so much on my word ; I do n't really pay attention to all the cameras and photographers and all the media in front of me , " she said Friday . Kavya 's father , who is her spelling coach , would tap his foot in time as she spelled the words , and at one point he appeared so confident that he waved to someone while his daughter was in the middle of spelling a word . Second-place finisher Tim Ruiter of Reston , Virginia , bowed out after misspelling "  Maecenas , " meaning a generous patron of the arts . Kavya said she would miss competing in the spelling bee , as the rules do not permit her to enter next year . "  It was such a big part of my life , and I love doing it , " she said . However , she may someday have a new role in the competition . "  If my -LSB- little -RSB- sister gets to D.C. sometime soon , I 'd really love to help and coach her , " she said . Kavya attends California Trail Junior High School in the Kansas City suburb . Her hobbies include swimming , cycling and traditional Indian dance , according to the contest 's Web site . She plans on becoming a neurosurgeon . The first National Spelling Bee took place in 1925 , with five contestants . CNN 's Devon Sayers contributed to this report .	Kavya Shivashankar of Olathe , Kansas , wins in fourth trip to national finals The 13-year-old eighth-grader will receive $ 40,000 in cash and prizes Focus on task keeps cameras and media from distracting her , Kavya says Girl may return to scene if younger sister does well in future competitions
Oprah.com  -- All singles in search of a whine-fest should roll right on past this train stop -- anyone who gets off at Rachel Greenwald 's station will be served a particularly strong shot of truth . Her first book , "  Find a Husband After 35 Using What I Learned at Harvard Business School , " makes zero allowances for always-the-bridesmaid brooding . But for the woman who 's ready to vault to the altar , Rachel has a promise : Put yourself on a 15-step plan she calls The Program , and you 'll have one foot in that Vera Wang gown . Five years ago , Rachel launched her consulting business , FindAHusbandAfter35.com , in Denver and began teaching clients the same principles she 'd used in packaging products such as Evian water  she once served as that company 's marketing manager  and Carolee jewelry . "  I 'm treating singleness as a marketing issue , " says Rachel , who calls her program a "  strategic plan " in which the woman is the "  product " to be advertised . "  My program is for the woman who is sick of wallowing in why she 's single . The point is that she is -- and what will she do about it ? What I 'm offering her is an objective business perspective . " But does n't it seem a tad contrived to market a human being ? "  If you were looking for a job , you could call it ` contrived ' to put your résumé online , ask friends for leads , and buy a new interview suit , " she writes . "  But you 'd do it -- because you 'd be more likely to find a job ... . Why is it different with trying to find a husband ? " Oprah.com : 3 tricks for a happier marriage This from a wife  and now mother of three  who met her husband 11 years ago using her own step number 12 -- "  Event Marketing : Throw a Program Party ! " which means creating a "  strategic networking event " to showcase yourself . "  I felt so fortunate to have found my husband and to be so happy , I wanted my single friends to have the same experience , " Rachel writes . As her company succeeded -- "  at least 80 percent of my clients have gotten married within 12 to 18 months of hiring me , " she says -- word spread . She then took her act on the road with seminars  topic : Marriage 911  and now claims that while a husband is not a panacea , she can tell you how to find a good one faster than you can spell Tiffany princess-cut diamond . The day I catch up with Rachel at Manhattan 's Harvard Club , I 've come to see whether she can convince me -- the former chubby chick with the Afro -- that her techniques will work . I sashay in wearing a fire-engine-red dress  in her chapter titled "  Packaging : Create Your Best Look , " she suggests ditching all that black for a color that will differentiate me from the 32 million other single women my age -- 30 -- and older  . Perhaps because she 's already married , she can justify her black suit , Jackie O chic as it is . Our quick phoner the previous day -- we were two strong gusts of energy spinning toward each other -- immediately becomes , upon meeting , a whirlwind exchange of chatter and laughter that draws glances from a few blue bloods around us . Rachel , who enunciates each of her syllables with English-teacher perfection , oozes intensity with every gesture she uses to punctuate her rapid-fire statements . She whisks me to an empty sitting room , seldom shifts her gaze from me as she listens to my dating history , then insists , as the pitch of her voice climbs , that The Program can rescue me . "  When you sign up 100 percent for anything -- whether it 's losing weight , finding a job , or quitting an addiction , I have no doubt that it becomes a challenge you can rise above , " she tells me . "  I 've seen what the power of focus can do for a woman who 's committed not just in words but in action . " Oprah.com : Test your intimacy quotient Me , too -- which is why Rachel is my kind of gutsy girl : all the kick of Cheddar on rye , minus any trace of baloney . As in this bit of bluntness she delivers in her chapter "  Telemarketing : Bring Out Your Rolodex " : "  Let me tell you right up front that you 're not gon na like this step ! " she writes . "  But trust me , it can yield very good results ... You are going to call everyone you know and directly ask them to fix you up . " That means all human life forms currently listed in your Palm V -- landlords , lawyers , grannies , hairstylists , florists , stockbrokers , long-lost gal pals from summer camp , former colleagues , and even old boyfriends you 're still on good terms with . Oh , exhale : This approach need n't make you seem desperate . "  Each person will probably think you 're calling two or three friends , not two or three hundred , " Rachel says . She estimates , based on her experience with clients and her business school training , that you 'll score one blind date for every ten calls . "  Why go through this torture ? " she writes . "  This statistic says it all : ` Fifty percent of people now married or living together were introduced by good friends or family members . ' " After poring over the 15 steps -- everything from "  Make The Program Your Number One Priority " to "  Pump Up the Volume "  "  My approach gives you the tools to attract the highest number of men quickly and efficiently "  -- I decide to test-drive creating a "  personal brand . " "  This is what sets you apart from your competitors -- and to be effective , it must be memorable and specific , " she explains . "  Madonna 's brand might be ` outrageous , sexual pop singer . ' We 're all multifaceted , so you need to give your friends who 'll set you up on blind dates a shorthand way of summing you up . " This , she says , derives from the business principle that a well-defined brand is essential to the success of any product , be it Jo Malone fragrance , the U.S. mail , or you . Not only should your brand ring true to your "  customers " -- the people you 'll ask to scare up dates for you or the countless men with whom you 'll click Cosmo glasses -- it should also be designed to attract the kind of partner you 're looking for . Oprah.com : How to build intimacy in your relationships Rachel has me draw up a megalist of my most appealing attributes , like "  resilience " and "  playfulness . " Then I choose three  "  writer , " "  warm smile , " and "  grew up in Phoenix "  as a basis for a brand -- "  sunny girl from Arizona . " On the two websites where I 've posted a profile , I update my photo  in the old one , we agree , the bad lighting does n't exactly say "  sunny girl "  . I then begin "  advertising " by calling every girlfriend I have and asking for a setup . This move alone nets me three dates . For those who snatch up Rachel 's book , I suggest enlisting the help of a supporter  in step two , she suggests you find a "  program mentor , " preferably someone married  who wo n't be any less shy than Rachel about delivering the hard news straight .  After seeing my potential online photo , in which I 'm sitting on a bed , she asks , "  Do you want a husband or a one-night stand ? "  In this program , the truth is the essential bottom layer upon which your entire five-tier wedding cake will stand . Within two weeks of trying Rachel 's strategies , I , the girl who once spent Friday nights booting up Tivo for an "  American Idol " marathon , am now juggling so many suitors that I 've started a "  man-agement " diary . One of my dates has even led to a second , a third , and a fourth . What a difference a brand -- and perhaps 12 to 18 months -- can make . Oprah.com : Marriage traps to look out for Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Marriage consultant Rachel Greenwald 15-step program to finding "  The One " Greenwald says she treats singleness as a marketing issue One of the 15 steps includes calling everyone you know and asking them to set you up
CNN  -- Welcome to the brutal realities of English football Eden Hazard . Last summer , when arguably Europe 's most talented youngster was bought by Chelsea for $ 50m , the future looked so bright . The newly crowned European champions made a blistering start to the English Premier League season , with the Belgian the focal point for Chelsea as they wowed critics and fans alike with some wonderfully inventive football . Fast forward six months and the 22-year-old Hazard , who earns a reported $ 270,000 a week , was reduced to kicking a ball boy as Chelsea 's season took another turn for the worse . It had been a frustrating night for Hazard . For more than an hour he had tried but failed to get his team Chelsea out of a big hole as the London team desperately attempted to turn their season round in a cup match against Welsh side Swansea City . But when a 17-year-old ball boy decided it was time to engage in some time wasting -- he lay on the ball after it had gone out of play -- the red mist descended over Hazard The Belgian , whose modus operandi as a player is more sumptuous flicks and stepovers than sly skullduggery , aimed a kick at the youngster 's midriff . Cue bedlam . Hazard , who had previously never been sent off in his professional career , was red carded by the referee , South Wales Police briefly contemplated pressing charges and Chelsea -- not for the first time this season -- were facing a public relations disaster of their own making . "  The boy put his whole body onto the ball and I was just trying to kick the ball and I think I kicked the ball and not the boy , " Hazard told the Chelsea website . "  I apologise . "  The ball boy came in the changing room and we had a quick chat and I apologised and the boy apologised as well , and it is over . Sorry . " Too late . The British media and social media website Twitter had already gone into overdrive . "  Football 's fresh shame , " was the verdict of the Daily Mail -- a reference to English football 's continuing ability to attract the wrong headlines -- while Manchester United defender Rio Ferdinand tweeted : "  I 'm not the authorities but in my eyes it 's a red for all those asking . Us players do put refs in bad spots at times unfortunately ! " Immediately after the sending off , Hazard did find support -- from Chelsea 's official Twitter account . "  Has football gone mad ? Hazard is sent off for kicking the ball under a ball boy attempting to smother the ball rather than return it , " the club wrote on the account , which has over 1.79 million followers . However , Chelsea quickly sent a more diplomatic tweet : "  Apologies for earlier ballboy tweet . Hazard has now met with the ballboy and has said sorry . " If initially Hazard was condemned for actions , he also won plenty of support , with the ball boy -- reported by the British media to be the son of millionaire businessman who sits on the Swansea board -- coming in for plenty of criticism . "  After reviewing last nights footage , I 've come to the conclusion that the games gone , " tweeted Marseille midfielder Joey Barton , who has nearly two million Twitter followers . "  Ballboys aged 17 , time wasting , then rollin round like . . they 've been shot . Games gone . He was actually claiming to be best time waster in the world on twitter yesterday ! What 's that all about ? ... Hazard only crime is he has n't kicked him hard enough . " After the game Hazard apologized to the 17-year-old ball boy , who also said sorry to the Chelsea forward , though the Belgian is likely to be banned for a minimum of three games by the English Football Association for lashing out in the way he did . More woe for Chelsea boss Benitez The ball boy furore is the last thing under pressure Chelsea interim manager Rafa Benitez needs just now . Hazard 's kick and red card is just the latest in series of setbacks following the club 's exit from the European Champions League and its dismal league form which has seen the London team fall 11 points off the lead , leaving Chelsea to focus on cup competitions -- the FA Cup and the Europa League . The Hazard incident overshadowed Swansea 's achievement of reaching a first major cup final in its 100-year history after their 2-0 aggregate win over Chelsea . The Welsh club , which almost went out of the Football League 10 years ago , will now face fourth-tier Bradford City in the League Cup final at Wembley on February 24 . "  Over two legs Chelsea had the ball more than us , " said Swansea manager Michael Laudrup . "  That is normal , that is Chelsea , but today they did n't really have any good chances . We had some good chances . "  They had to score at least two but to be honest we deserved it . They did n't score once in 180 minutes . Minnow Bradford in fairytale triumph "  What Bradford has done - there are no words . They have beaten three Premier League teams , it is marvelous . If I had a hat on I would take it off . " In the Premier League , Arsenal thrashed West Ham 5-1 at Emirates Stadium . Olivier Giroud scored twice , while Lukas Podolski , Santi Cazorla and Theo Walcott were also on target for the Gunners . Arsene Wenger 's men are now four points off fourth place which holds the coveted prize of Champions League football . In Spain , Real Madrid booked its place in the last four of the Copa del Rey , despite being reduced to nine men during the 1-1 draw at Valencia . Leading 2-0 from the first leg , Real opened the scoring a minute before the break through Karim Benzema . Alberto Costa 's 52nd minute strike brought the home side level before Fabio Coentrao and Angel Di Maria were sent off . Jose Mourinho 's side will play Malaga or league leader Barcelona in the next round . In the night 's other tie , Sevilla cruised past nine-man Real Zaragoza 4-0 thanks to two goals from Alvaro Negredo . Ronaldo inspires Real Madrid Zaragoza lost defender Jose Fernandez to a straight red card after 26 minutes before Fran Gonzalez followed him down the tunnel 40 minutes later . Spain striker Negredo fired his side ahead after 36 minutes before Ivan Rakitic doubled Sevilla 's advantage . Negredo netted his second from the spot before Manu del Moral completed the rout to set up a last-four clash with either Atletico Madrid or fierce rival Real Betis . In Italy , AS Roma claimed a 2-1 win over Inter Milan in the first leg of its Coppa Italia semifinal . Alessandro Florenzi headed home Ivan Peris ' cross on 13 minutes with Mattia Destro adding a second . Inter pulled goal back just before the break when Rodrido Palacio latched on to Esteban Cambiasso 's free-kick and fired into the net . Swansea star helps the homeless	Chelsea 's Eden Hazard sent off after kicking ball boy Hazard apologizes , says he was trying to kick the ball Swansea reaches first major final in its 100-year history after goalless draw Arsenal thrashes West Ham 5-1 in Premier League
CNN  -- U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords has been released from the hospital in Houston , Texas , and expects to begin outpatient treatment soon , according to a statement released Wednesday by TIRR Memorial Hermann . Giffords was shot in the head January 8 during a mass shooting incident in Arizona . She is expected to move into her home in League City , Texas , where she will continue rehabilitation therapy . "  We are very excited that she has reached the next phase of her rehabilitation and can begin outpatient treatment , " said Dr. Gerard Francisco , the hospital 's chief medical officer . Francisco will continue to supervise Giffords ' case . Giffords will still get intensive therapy as an outpatient and will work with the same rehab team that has been with her from the beginning , the statement said . She has been at TIRR Memorial Hermann since late January . "  Gabby gives her all to everything she does , and that 's exactly what she 's been doing at TIRR since January 26 , " said Navy Capt. Mark Kelly , Giffords ' husband . "  The remarkable progress she has made since then is a testament to both her single-minded determination to get better and the team of medical professionals overseeing her care . " Jared Lee Loughner , 22 , is charged in the mass shooting in which six people were killed and 13 others , including Giffords , were wounded in front of a Safeway grocery story in Tucson , Arizona . A federal judge ruled last month that Loughner is not competent to stand trial . His next court date is scheduled for September 21 . Giffords ' road to recovery has been marked by a number of public milestones , including a trip to see the space shuttle launch that carried her husband on a 16-day mission in May and the recent release of new photos showing a smiling , relaxed Giffords . When the photos were posted on Giffords ' Facebook page , she received an outpouring of well wishes . "  You are so special , " Facebook poster , John Evanchik , wrote . "  And you have so much courage and fortitude that I am so proud to say that you are a real role model for so many people who , in their circumstance , they probably give up , but not you , Congresswoman . Yes , God has blessed you . " The photos were taken prior to Giffords ' May 18 surgery to replace a portion of her skull removed earlier to relieve pressure on her brain . Francisco said Wednesday that doctors are enthusiastic about Giffords ' recovery and expect it to continue to go well . "  Living and working in a rehab facility for five months straight has been especially challenging for her , " Kelly said in the hospital statement . "  She will still go to TIRR each day but from now on , when she finishes rehab , she will be with her family . "	NEW : Husband , "  She will be with her family . " Giffords expects to begin outpatient therapy soon She has been in the hospital since January Giffords continues to recover from a head shot wound
CNN  -- A Nigerian militant group previously linked to the kidnapping of a French citizen claimed responsibility Monday for taking seven workers from a construction company 's offices in northeastern Nigeria . In an e-mail sent to reporters , Ansaru said it had kidnapped the seven workers Saturday because of "  transgression and atrocities " against Islam in Afghanistan , Mali and other locations . Those kidnapped included workers from Italy , Greece and Lebanon , those governments confirmed . Nigerian police said a Briton was also kidnapped ; British authorities said they were aware of such reports and were making inquiries . Opinion : Nigerians still waiting for their ` African Spring ' Gunmen took the workers from the offices of Setraco , a construction company in Jama'are , in Bauchi State , police said . The company is based in Abuja and is involved in many major road construction projects in northern Nigeria . The gunmen first attacked a prison , burning two police trucks , public service broadcaster Voice of Nigeria reported , citing state police spokesman Hassan Muhammed . They then killed a guard at the Setraco workers camp before kidnapping the workers , Muhammed told the broadcaster . In December , the group claimed responsibility for the kidnapping of a French citizen near the border with Niger and for an attack on a prison in Abuja in November . U.S. officials say Ansaru is an offshoot of the Islamist militant group Boko Haram , which Nigerian authorities say is behind a recent rash of killings and kidnappings in the country . Boko Haram -- whose name means "  Western education is sacrilege " -- has killed more than 2,800 people in an escalating campaign to impose strict Islamic law on largely Muslim northern Nigeria , according to Human Rights Watch . Incidents have included the killings of three North Korean doctors in northern Yobe and the killings of nine people working for a government polio vaccination program in the northern city of Kano this month . Nigeria launched a military crackdown on Boko Haram in January . Security forces have since captured one of the group 's leaders and killed 17 suspected Boko Haram members . Opinion : Why are Nigerians numb to slaughter ? In the past , the group attacked other Muslims who it said were on an immoral path . But it has increasingly targeted Christians with numerous attacks on churches , as well as striking police stations . Boko Haram and other Muslim groups say the north has been starved of resources and marginalized by the Nigerian government . But the U.S. State Department has accused the group 's leaders of having ties to the al Qaeda terrorist network and of hoping to drive a wedge between Nigeria 's Christian and Muslim communities . CNN 's Vladimir Duthiers and journalist Hassan John contributed to this report .	NEW : Militant group Ansaru claims responsibility for kidnapping of 7 foreign workers NEW : Ansaru is believed to be an offshoot of Boko Haram , U.S. officials say The victims are from Italy , Greece , Lebanon and possibly Britain The foreigners work for a construction firm in northern Nigeria , police say
Namibia 's Fish River Canyon looks petite to anyone who 's ever visited Arizona 's Grand Canyon . Still , the gorge runs an impressive 1,800-feet deep and 100 miles long . It is the second largest natural gorge in Africa , and one of the most picturesque scenes the continent has to offer . Here 's why you should visit the Fish River Canyon right now . The Quiver Tree Forest The striking quiver tree , or kokerboom , is unique to Namibia , and only found in the southern part of the country . A species of aloe , the quiver tree is renowned for its unique , sculptural beauty . The name comes from the fact that local bushman traditionally used the tree 's quills to make their quivers . Nearly 300 trees congregate in the Quiver Tree Forest , 124 miles from the Fish River Canyon , and a handy stopping-off point for anyone making the long trek out to the remotely situated gorge . Giant 's Playground Nearby the Quiver Tree Forest is the area known as Giant 's Playground , so called because of the stacked arrangements of massive , dolerite rocks that ca n't help but look placed by human  or giant  hands . As it happens , the maze-like formations are completely natural . "  This area is sub-volcanic . It was a shallow sea millions of years ago , " explains Marian Hulme , the owner of the local rest camp and caretaker of the forest . "  Lava pushed up and cooled down underneath the water . After the water disappeared , it opened up with erosion and -LSB- formed -RSB- like this , " she says . In addition to these natural sculptures , Hulme 's father , who was a caretaker before her , created art from stones and recycled materials . Hulme keeps up the tradition . "  Everything here tells a story . That 's the idea -LSB- behind the art -RSB- , " she says . You can mule trek Many tour operators offer two-to-five day mule treks . Visitors can explore the area with a guide on foot , while mules carry the load of their baggage . Mannfred Goldbeck , a local historian and CEO of tourism venture The Gondwana Collection , launched the Canyon Mule Trail years ago . "  I looked at the Grand Canyon and saw how they do it there , and just adapted it , " he explains . "  We are constantly looking for activities that are soft adventure , and have a minimum impact on the environment . We are giving this area back to nature . We have to be the custodians of this area for generations to come , " he says . Eco-tourism While the canyon -- parts of which are 500 million years old -- remained unchanged for millennia , Goldbeck explains the arrival of European settlers in the 18th century had an unsettling effect on the canyon 's ecosystem . Years of over-hunting and over-grazing took their toll , and a lot of local flora and fauna started to disappear from the area . "  The first explorers came in and they disrupted the balance that existed here . This is a very dry area , and only gets some rain -LSB- two to four inches yearly -RSB- , " says Goldbeck . In addition to its tours , The Gondwana Collection has created a private nature reserve in the area , and built several eco-lodges around the canyon . Goldbeck says the operative 's aim is threefold . "  Tourism was secondary , " he explains . "  Our first idea was to protect this area . We also wanted to bring people back into the area that once lived here . We had three legs : environmental , financial and social . Without any one , the pot will not stand . "	Namibia 's Fish River Canyon is 500 million years old Several tours offer mule treks into the canyon Nearby is the Quiver Tree Forest , home to a unique aloe species
Los Angeles  CNN  One of seven patients infected by the deadly superbug bacteria CRE is blaming a manufacturer of the medical scope used in his endoscopic procedure at a Los Angeles hospital , the patient 's attorney said Thursday . The accusation was made on the same day the U.S. Food and Drug Administration issued a safety advisory about how the scope 's design may impede effective cleaning . The patient , an 18-year-old high school student whose name was n't released , is planning to sue one of the scope 's manufacturers , said attorney Kevin Boyle . The student was "  very , very close to death , " Boyle said . "  He 's not doing well now . " That manufacturer , Olympus , is one of three that the FDA has identified as makers of the scope . Olympus said the firm provides instructions , guidance and supplemental educational materials on how to conduct effective cleaning of its endoscopes , also called duodenoscopes . "  While all endoscopes , including duodenoscopes , require thorough reprocessing after patient use in order to be safe , the Olympus TJF-Q180V requires careful attention to cleaning and reprocessing steps , including meticulous manual cleaning , to ensure effective reprocessing , " which is a reuse of the same device , said Mark A. Miller , the company 's executive director of communications and marketing . In addition to instructions and guidance given to every customer , Olympus makes available supplemental educational materials on cleaning the devices . Miller said . "  Olympus is monitoring this issue closely including today 's safety communication from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration  FDA  . We are working with the FDA , relevant medical societies and our customers regarding these concerns , " Miller said . Meanwhile , the other two manufacturers identified by the FDA , Fujifilm and Pentax , could n't be reached for comment Thursday . Understanding CRE , the ` nightmare ' superbug In all , seven patients at the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center have caught CRE after routine endoscopic treatments for bile ducts , gall bladder or pancreas , and two of them have died , a hospital spokeswoman said . The deadly bacteria CRE , or carbapenem-resistant enterobacteriaceae , was a contributing factor in the deaths , but the exact cause of those deaths was n't immediately disclosed , a hospital spokeswoman said . The medical center is contacting 179 others who had endoscopic procedures between October and January and is offering them home tests to screen for the deadly bacteria . The 18-year-old patient went to the UCLA hospital for a suspected leaking pancreas in 2014 , Boyle said . But the outpatient endoscopic procedure did n't reveal a leaking pancreas , and the youth returned home , Boyle said . Later , the young man was taken to a hospital again , where he remained for more than 80 days , Boyle said . The patient also spent time in intensive care , Boyle added . The attorney declined to state whether the second hospital visit was at the same UCLA facility . The attorney also said Thursday the patient does n't blame the UCLA hospital for his infection . The UCLA hospital was scheduled to hold a press conference Thursday afternoon at 5:30 p.m. ET on the superbug incident . The patient was released from hospitalization , but within the last two weeks , he returned a third time to a hospital , where he remains , Boyle said Thursday . The attorney also declined to identify that hospital . Boyle alleges that in mid-2014 , Olympus altered the design of the endoscope and removed a cleaning channel but did n't change the cleaning protocol . The scoping procedure is called endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography or ERCP , the American Society for Gastrointestinal Endoscopy said . The medical procedure is used to , among other things , unblock bile ducts and take care of pancreas issues . "  It is estimated that more than 500,000 ERCPs are performed each year in the U.S. , " the society said . "  From what we know , over the past few years , there have been fewer than 100 known cases of transmission of these problematic bacteria through ERCP . " The ERCP procedure involves a duodenoscope , a flexible , lighted tube that is threaded through the mouth , throat , stomach and into the top of the small intestine  the duodenum  , the FDA said . The device contains a hollow channel that allows the injection of contrast dye or the insertion of other instruments to obtain tissue samples for biopsy or treat certain abnormalities . The device also has a movable "  elevator " mechanism at the tip , the agency said . Even meticulously cleaning the devices before high-level disinfection "  may not entirely eliminate " the risk of transmitting infection , the FDA said . "  Reprocessing is a detailed , multistep process to clean and disinfect or sterilize reusable devices . Recent medical publications and adverse event reports associate multidrug-resistant bacterial infections in patients who have undergone ERCP with reprocessed duodenoscopes , even when manufacturer reprocessing instructions are followed correctly , " the FDA said . "  Although the complex design of duodenoscopes improves the efficiency and effectiveness of ERCP , it causes challenges for cleaning and high-level disinfection . Some parts of the scopes may be extremely difficult to access and effective cleaning of all areas of the duodenoscope may not be possible , " the FDA said . CNN 's Debra Goldschmidt and John Bonifield contributed to this report .	A patient , 18 , is hospitalized with a deadly CRE superbug infection , attorney says The patient blames a medical scope used in his procedure and plans to sue the maker , attorney says The maker says the scope requires "  meticulous manual cleaning "
CNN  -- America is in trouble . And we know it . Just look at recent polls : 70 % of Americans would describe the nation 's economy as bad . Some 61 % think our country is on the wrong track . Only 24 % of Americans think the economy has actually improved in the past few years . And almost two-thirds of Americans are concerned about being able to pay for their housing . We could use Captain Economy to help us create jobs . Plus we need Deficit-Reduction Man and Five-Percent-GDP-Growth-a-Year Dude . Or maybe we can just let The Hulk loose in Congress and tell him : "  Hulk : Smash ! " I 'm not sure how Hulk smashing Congress helps the economy , but I think most of us would pay to see it . But , alas , there 's no superhero in no sight . There 's only President Barack Obama or Mitt Romney . I must admit that there was a time in 2008 that I thought Obama could have been a superhero , but I was wrong . We have seen his campaign theme morph in four years from "  Yes We Can " to "  It Could Be Worse . " In Obama 's defense , his economic plan has helped the nation . Unemployment was at 10 % in October 2009 and has fallen to 8.1 % , and we have seen moderate job creation . But still the economy has a long way to go to match the booming growth years of the mid-2000s . We had a 4.6 % unemployment rate just five years ago . So here comes superhero wannabe Romney . This silver-spooned crusader has attacked Obama by stating , "  We are enduring the most tepid recovery in modern history . " Romney essentially admits the economy has improved since Obama took office but claims that he has the super powers that will launch our nation to infinity and beyond . Or at least , as he promised this week , his economic plan would lower the nation 's unemployment rate to 6 % in four years . What 's Romney 's solution ? His website outlines a proposal for economic recovery , promising a five-point plan that he will submit immediately upon taking office , then "  demand that Congress act on the package within 30 days . " But I think Romney might find that Congress wo n't be pushed around as easily as a blonde-haired kid in high school . All the "  demanding " in the world might not get Congress to do what he wants . Romney : I 'll get unemployment down to 6 % Romney calls for tax breaks for the wealthy and corporations , but his big push to revitalize the economy is to reduce the deficit by cutting government spending . Here is my question for Mr. Romney : Can you please show us where this type of austerity has worked before ? I 'm all ears . The most recent example is the United Kingdom , where conservative Prime Minister David Cameron slashed government spending in 2010 with the promise of economic growth . The result ? The unemployment rate rose in 2011 , and GDP contracted for the past two quarters , meaning that the nation is now back in a recession . In contrast , last week we learned that Japan 's economy grew by an annualized rate of 4.1 % in the first quarter this year . Was Japan 's growth spurt caused by cutting government spending as Romney wants ? Nope . Quite the opposite . The Japanese government increased expenditures . While the government spending did increase the deficit , it sparked much-needed economic growth . If either candidate is going to make super promises about revitalizing the economy , he 'll have to prove his ideas have worked in the past . And if he ca n't do that , he should at least be brutally honest and tell us there are no easy answers . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah	Dean Obeidallah : America 's economy in trouble , needs an "  Avenger " superhero Captain Economy , Deficit Reduction Man would be nice ; reality is Obama , Romney He says Romney promises government cuts , but where has austerity worked ? Writer : Candidates , level with voters : There 's no superhero plan for recovery ' it 'll be a slog
CNN  -- Marc Marquez is a step closer to becoming the youngest rider to win the MotoGP title after snatching pole position for Sunday 's final grand prix of the season in Valencia . The 20-year-old posted a lap record time of one minute 30.237 seconds on Saturday to edge out title rival and reigning champion Jorge Lorenzo who was 0.340 seconds slower . Read more : Marquez in title showdown with Lorenzo Marquez 's Honda teammate Dani Pedrosa completes the front row of the grid . The Spaniard had a minor fright on the final qualifying lap when he nearly came off his bike , but was quick to see the positives of the incident . "  It was a little scare ahead of tomorrow to remind me I have to be 100 % concentrated , " Marquez told Spanish TV station Telecinco . "  The good thing is that I feel good , I have good rhythm on the bike and I just have to concentrate on my own race tomorrow . " The Spaniard needs only a fourth-place finish in Sunday 's race to cap an incredible season and become the first rookie to win motorcycling 's premier racing class since America 's Kenny Roberts achieved the feat in 1978 . Italy 's Valentino Rossi qualified fourth fastest on his Yamaha while Britain 's Cal Crutchlow finished fifth with compatriot and Monster Yamaha Tech 3 teammate Bradley Smith completing the second row of the grid .	Spaniard a step closer to making history by taking pole position in final race of season The 20-year-old only needs to finish fourth on Sunday to be crowned world champion Marquez aiming to be youngest winner of MotoGP title and first rookie for 35 years
CNN  -- Saying Web access is essential for students to compete in a wired world , President Obama on Thursday will announce an initiative to bring high-speed Internet to almost all of the nation 's schools by 2018 . At a speech in a high-tech middle school in Mooresville , North Carolina , Obama was scheduled to order federal agencies to earmark funds for providing broadband and wireless access to 99 % of U.S. public schools in the next five years , according to senior administration officials . The president is tasking the Federal Communication Commission with spearheading the project , and is also asking the FCC to fund high-speed connections at libraries . "  We are living in a digital age , and to help our students get ahead , we must make sure they have access to cutting-edge technology , " said Obama in a statement released by the White House . "  So today , I 'm issuing a new challenge for America -- one that families , businesses , school districts and the federal government can rally around together -- to connect virtually every student in America 's classrooms to high-speed broadband internet within five years , and equip them with the tools to make the most of it . " At least one FCC member has alreasdy signaled she 's on board with the effort . "  President Obama 's ConnectED initiative recognizes that access to adequate broadband capacity to our schools and libraries is not a luxury -- it 's a necessity for America 's next generation of students to be able to compete ... , " FCC commissioner Jessica Rosenworcel , who was nominated by Obama , said in a written statement . "  We need to protect what we have done , build on it , and put it on a course to provide higher speeds and greater opportunities in the days ahead . This initiative is an exciting effort that has my wholehearted and enthusiastic support . " The initiative , called ConnectED , also will ask private-sector industries for help in getting the most modern technology , educational software and apps into students ' hands , and in providing tech training for teachers . The effort does not require approval by Congress . According to an administration fact sheet , the average American school has slower Internet connections than most homes , and fewer than 20 % of educators say their school 's Web access meets their teaching needs . The White House says the initiative will particularly benefit rural schools , and rural communities in general , where high-speed Web access still lags behind urban and suburban areas .	President Obama will call for high-speed internet access in nearly all schools Obama wants 99 % of schools with WiFi or broadband by 2018 White House says fast Web is crucial to competitiveness
El Arish , Egypt  CNN  -- Bedouin smugglers involved in people trafficking are also believed to be stealing organs from refugees who are unable to pay their demands for large amounts of cash to take them into Israel . The New Generation Foundation for Human Rights and the EveryOne Group , from Italy , have presented evidence that the bodies of African refugees have been found in the Sinai desert with organs missing . Read the first part of our coverage on the plight of refugees in the Sinai The Sawarka Bedouin tribe , one of the largest in the Sinai , was named by one Bedouin source as being involved in organ thefts . A Sawarka leader said he was aware that people trafficking was going on in Sinai and that in some cases refugees were held in bonded labor and tortured . But he added only rogue elements of his tribe were involved . According to rights groups , refugees -- from places like Ethiopia , Eritrea or Sudan -- are enslaved and tortured and the women raped if they can not come up with the large sums of money the Bedouin try to extort from them and their families to smuggle them into Israel . Among Bedouin leaders in the Sinai , no one was willing to speak openly about the organ theft . Tribal leaders said they knew nothing about it or had only heard rumors . But Hamdy Al-Azazy , head of New Generation Foundation , has photos showing corpses with distinctive scars in the abdominal area . All the photos were taken in a morgue in the Egyptian port town of El Arish after the bodies were brought there . Al-Azazy says the organs are taken from refugees while they are still alive . "  The organs are not useful if they 're dead . They drug them first and remove their organs , then leave them to die and dump them in a deep dry well along with hundreds of bodies . " He says he was once taken to the area where the bodies are dumped after the organ removal process . He says he believes corrupt Egyptian doctors are working with the Bedouins , coming to Sinai with mobile hospital units to perform the operations to remove especially corneas , livers and kidneys . "  Mobile clinics using advanced technology come from a private hospital in Cairo to an area in the deserts of Mid-Sinai and conduct physicals on the Africans before they choose those suitable , then they conduct the operation , " Al-Azazy said . CNN showed some of the photos of the dead to Dr. Fakhry Saleh , the former head of Cairo 's forensic department and an expert on the illegal organ trade . "  There are two kinds of scars . One is from a postmortem autopsy and one from surgery , " Saleh said , pointing to a scar that he says came from an operation that must have been performed shortly before the person died . According to Saleh , the operation was conducted no more than 48 hours before death , indicated by the freshness of the scars . Furthermore , all the scars are in the area of the liver and kidney . "  They are good stitches in the area of the liver and the kidney , " Saleh said while examining the photos on a laptop . While Saleh says he has never heard of organ theft involving African refugees , he says it seems highly probable that the scars on the bodies come from organ removal . "  They could open you up , take it out and just let you die . The mafia does not care whether you live or die . When they cut you open , it would be very painful , so they would give you anesthesia , " Saleh later said . Saleh has done extensive research on the illegal organ business in Egypt , which preys on poor people . The World Health Organization in a recent report called Egypt a regional hub for the trade . An investigation headed by Saleh found illegal organ trafficking to be one of the most profitable criminal activities . "  Organ trade is the second most profitable trade behind only weapons trade , " he said . "  It brings in more money than drug dealing and prostitution . " One Bedouin tribal chief did put CNN in touch with a Bedouin who used to be involved in people smuggling and who was close to the organ theft scheme . The source spoke on condition of anonymity but offered insights into the scheme . "  The doctors deal directly with the Sawarka family , and they buy the organs starting from $ 20,000 , " the source said in a phone interview . He offered further details of the logistics required to keep the organs fresh for the transplant into their new owners ' bodies : "  The doctors come with some sort of mobile fridge where the organs can be stored for six to eight hours and resold in Cairo or elsewhere . " The source claimed doctors from Cairo are involved in the organ theft , a claim that has proved impossible to verify . "  It 's like spare parts for cars , " the Bedouin , who later agreed to meet one member of the CNN crew in person , said sarcastically toward the end of the interview . A second Bedouin , who also refused to be identified , later gave a similar account . The police general in charge of security in Northern Sinai tells CNN that his forces are aware that organ trafficking and theft are going on in their area of operations but that the authorities have not identified who is behind the schemes .	Bedouin smugglers may be stealing organs from African refugees in Sinai desert Bedouin tribes accused of enslaving , torturing refugees who ca n't pay extortion money Activist says organs are taken from refugees while they 're still alive Corneas , livers and kidneys are reportedly among the most sought-after organs
PEOPLE.com  -- Sarah Lancaster 's marriage has been followed by a baby carriage . The "  Chuck " star , 31 , who wed attorney Matthew Jacobs earlier this year in Southern California , delivered a son on June 29 , her rep confirms to PEOPLE . Oliver Michael Jacobs was born in Los Angeles , weighing in at 8 lbs. , 7 oz . "  We feel so fortunate for every minute we get to spend with our healthy and happy baby , " the couple tell PEOPLE . PHOTOS : Who 's Due Next ? Lancaster plays Ellie on NBC 's action comedy spy series , which is back for its fifth season on October 21 . See full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2010 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Sarah Lancaster and her hudband welcomed their son in June Oliver Michael Jacobs was born in Los Angeles The "  Chuck " star wed Matthew Jacobs earlier this year in Southern California
Buras , Louisiana  CNN  -- The sign out front points the way : birds , please enter to the right ; humans , enter on the left . Huddled in a pen and covered in brown streaks of oil , a dozen pelicans await treatment after exposure to the pools of crude on the surface of the Gulf of Mexico . Increasing numbers of birds are arriving at the Fort Jackson Oiled Wildlife Rehabilitation Center in this coastal Louisiana town as the environmental disaster in the Gulf stretches on . At least 50 birds were treated on Tuesday alone . Wildlife workers say the birds get oiled when diving for fish . Their efforts at preening sometimes worsen the coating of crude on their feathers . The lucky ones are found by state workers and volunteers in time to save their lives . "  The animals that are coming in are covered in oil , " the center 's Rebecca Dunne says . "  But they are pretty healthy animals . So that makes us feel like like we have a chance to save them . We have been pretty successful so far . " While around 200 birds have been dead on arrival at the center , so far none of the 400 birds brought in alive have died . But not all of them express their gratitude . "  If you let 'em loose , they 'll bite ya , " says one volunteer holding shut the bill of a brown bird tucked under his arm . New arrivals get a physical , and a day to "  de-stress . " Next , it 's time for a scrubbing . They 're washed with Dawn soap , rinsed and dried . Finally , it 's out to the aviary pens out back -- labeled "  pelican island " -- where they are kept for observation and recovery . On Tuesday , top football stars from the Super Bowl-winning New Orleans Saints came out to thank the center 's volunteers . "  It 's all about doing whatever we can down here in south Louisiana and the Gulf Coast , to help these people come back , " quarterback Drew Brees told CNN 's John King . After rehab , the birds are scheduled for release in Florida , where they are less likely to repeat their run-in with the spilled oil . But not all birds are so lucky . "  For every bird they rescue , there are other birds that are oiled , but that they could n't rescue , " Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal says . "  That is what is so heartbreaking to the people of Louisiana . " The latest Consolidated Fish and Wildlife Collection report says 380 oiled birds and 50 sea turtles have been rescued ; 594 birds and 250 sea turtles have been found dead . For better or for worse , more birds are being found and brought in each day . Workers are planning to build eight more receiving pens in the coming days to handle the increasing influx of winged guests . CNN 's Brian Todd contributed to this report .	About 50 birds treated Tuesday at Fort Jackson Oiled Wildlife Rehabilitation Center After rehab , the birds are scheduled for release in Florida Workers planning to build more receiving pens to handle increased influx of birds
CNN  -- A third case of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome in the United States has been reported . An unidentified Illinois man was infected after having "  extended face-to-face contact " with an Indiana man who was diagnosed with the MERS virus . Fortunately , he is no longer ill . The rise in the reported number of MERS cases in the United States , Asia and Europe has fueled concern that this may be the big one : the 21st century equivalent of the 1918 influenza pandemic that killed 3 % to 5 % of the world population . Concern is appropriate , because the coronavirus responsible for MERS can evolve to become more potent public health threats . However , I do n't yet see evidence that will happen . For one thing , an increase in the number of reported cases is not equivalent to an increase in the number of actual cases . As MERS testing is expanded from people with severe disease to include those with mild disease or only a history of potential exposure , we will detect more cases of infection . The mortality rate associated with infection will decrease from the current estimate of 30 % . In short , we do n't yet know the extent to which an increase in the reported number of cases only reflects better case ascertainment . MERS , like 70 % of all emerging infectious diseases , including influenza , SARS , HIV/AIDS and ebola , originates in wildlife . With MERS , both bats and camels may be implicated . Studies of camels in Saudi Arabia indicate that the majority have a history of MERS coronavirus infection . Infection appears to occur in early life and then clears . Up to a third of young camels carry this infectious virus . Because camels are born in the spring , there may be an increased amount of virus circulating in camels in spring and summer months . This may contribute to a seasonal spike in the reported number of MERS cases . Humans may become infected through contact with infected animals , meat or other animal products such as milk . However , pandemic spread can not occur without efficient human-to-human transmission . The MERS coronavirus grows deep in the human respiratory tract , so it is less likely to be transmitted than viruses that grow in teh nose , mouth or upper airways where a sneeze or a cough is sufficient to create an infectious aerosol . Hospitalized patients with pneumonia-like MERS receive vigorous respiratory interventions such as intubation , assisted ventilation , drugs that dilate airways and chest percussion . These interventions may bring virus into the environment in aerosols and on the surfaces of medical equipment , resulting in infection of hospital personnel and other patients . Since the MERS coronavirus has been shown to be stable for up to 48 hours , it may be difficult to determine the source of infection as people and equipment circulate in the health care environment . To date , cases of human-to-human transmission have only been reported in hospitals and in families where there is intimate contact with an infected person . If we notice a change in this pattern such that clusters of infections begin to appear in communities with more casual contact , that would be a strong sign that the virus is evolving to become a pandemic threat . The MERS cases in new countries are disturbing but not surprising given how globally connected we are . International travel and foot traffic make it easier to spread a virus . The first two cases reported in the United States , in Indiana and Florida , were health care workers returning from Saudi Arabia . Although a third case has been linked to contact with the Indiana case , I am cautiously optimistic that a cluster of cases will not be triggered . Nonetheless , vigilance is essential . Saudi Arabia has more than 7 million foreign workers and hosts more than 3 million religious pilgrims annually . If new cases arise they will almost certainly be imported . The key to an effective pandemic response is to acknowledge that infectious disease challenges are global rather than national . Information and biological samples must be shared freely to facilitate surveillance and the development of diagnostics , drugs and vaccines . In this spirit , the government of Saudi Arabia has recently invited teams of international experts to join forces in addressing the global challenge of MERS . Although we are focusing on MERS now , the reality is that viruses and antibiotic resistant bacteria with pandemic potential are continuously emerging and re-emerging worldwide . The recent MERS cases should not trigger an alarm . But if a pandemic happens , it is important we are prepared to combat it .	A third case of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome in the U.S. has been reported W. Ian Lipkin : The recent rise of MERS cases should not cause panic He says if we see clusters of infections that would be cause for concern Lipkin : New MERS cases are not surprising given how globally connected we are
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- India blasted into the international space race Wednesday with the successful launch of an ambitious two-year mission to study the moon 's landscape . The spacecraft carrying India 's first lunar probe , Chandrayaan-1 , lifts off in Sriharikota on Wednesday . The unmanned lunar orbiter Chandrayaan-1 , or "  moon craft " in ancient Sanskrit , launched at 6:20 a.m.  8:50 p.m. ET  from the Sriharikota space center in southern India . The mission seeks high-resolution imaging of the moon 's surface , especially the permanently shadowed polar regions , according to the Indian Space Research Organization . It will also search for evidence of water or ice and attempt to identify the chemical breakdown of certain lunar rocks , the group said . Despite the numerous missions to the moon over the past 50 years , "  we really do n't have a good map , " said Miles O'Brien , CNN chief technology and environment correspondent . "  The goal is to come up with a very intricate , three-dimensional map of the moon . " The Chandrayaan-1 is carrying payloads from the United States , European Union countries Germany , Britain , Sweden and Bulgaria , and India plans to share the data from the mission with other programs , including NASA . Watch the launch of India 's first lunar mission " ISRO said on its Web site that the mission would lay the groundwork for future lunar missions and "  probe the physical characteristics of the lunar surface in greater depth than previous missions by other nations . " "  It will also give us a deeper understanding about the planet Earth itself or its origins , " a statement on the Web site said . "  Earlier missions did not come out with a full understanding of the moon and that is the reason scientists are still interested . This will lay the foundation for bigger missions and also open up new possibilities of international networking and support for planetary programs . " Until now , India 's space launches have been more practical , with weather warning satellites and communiations systems , The Associated Press cited former NASA associated administrator Scott Pace as saying . To date , only the U.S. Russia , the European Space Agency , Japan and China have sent missions to the moon , according to AP . Critics of the mission have questioned its $ 80 million price tag , saying the money should have been spent by the government to improve education and fight poverty . But , "  there are scientists that would argue that there are plenty of things we do n't know about the moon ... and India might have the know-how " to find answers , said CNN 's Sara Sidner in New Delhi . The United States and the Soviet Union dominated the field of lunar exploration from the late 1950s . The United States is preparing for its own mission slated for next spring -- the first U.S. lunar mission in more than a decade , according to NASA . Soviet spacecraft were the first to fly by , land on and orbit the moon . Luna 1 , launched on January 2 , 1959 , and sped by the moon two days later . Luna 2 was launched on an impact mission on September 12 , 1959 , striking the surface two days later . Luna 9 launched on January 31 , 1966 , becoming the first craft to successfully land on the moon and send back data , touching down on the surface on January 31 , 1966 , and transmitting until February 3 , 1967 , when its batteries ran out . Luna 10 was launched March 31 , 1966 , entered lunar orbit on April 3 , and operated for 56 days . But the United States ' Apollo missions were the first manned missions to reach the moon , culminating with six missions that set down on the surface . The first , Apollo 11 , left earth on July 16 , 1969 , and landed astronauts Neil Armstrong and Edwin Aldrin on the lunar surface on July 20 while command module pilot Michael Collins orbited above . The astronauts returned safely to earth on July 24 . Most recently India 's fellow Asian nations , China and Japan , put lunar orbiters in place . Japan launched the Kaguya orbiter in October 2007 , followed by China 's launch of the Chang ' e mission a few weeks later . Watch what is shaping up to be a new space race " "  Each nation is doing its own thing to drive its research technology for the well-being of that nation , " AP quoted Charles Vick , a space analyst for the Washington think tank GlobalSecurity.org , as saying . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	NEW : Chandrayaan-1 is carrying payloads from the U.S. , EU and Bulgaria Two-year mission seeks high-resolution , 3-D imaging of the moon 's surface Chandrayaan-1 follows Japan and China 's missions to the moon Chandrayaan means "  moon craft " in ancient Sanskrit
CNN  -- Friends , Brazilians and soccer fans lend me your ears -- the shimmy and shake of the caxirola is coming to a football match near you soon . The pear-shaped plastic percussion piece is to be the musical instrument of choice for the 2014 World Cup after it was given the seal of approval by Brazil 's Ministry of Sport . About time too some might argue after the raucous cacophony of the vuvuzela -- the long , plastic horn trumpeted on the terraces during the 2010 soccer World Cup in South Africa . "  For many people , the vuvuzela is very noisy , but the truth is that no one forgets , " said the caxirola 's inventor Brazilian composer Carlinhos Brown , who was nominated for an Oscar in 2012 . "  She foretold that we should continue the pace . As a musician , I could not stop and there arose caxirola , a little less noisy . " If the buzzing vuvuzela , whose raspy monotones drew comparisons to a swarm of angry bees and divided opinion , provided the sound track to the World Cup three years ago , Brazil 's aural arouser is based on the caxixi , a woven Indian instrument filled with dried beans . Designed to produce a gentler sound -- similar to maracas or rainsticks -- and dressed in the green and yellow colours of Brazil 's national flag , the caxirola has also been given a ringing endorsement by the country 's President Dilma Rousseff . "  This image of the green and yellow caxirola , it enchants because of the fact that we are talking about a ` green ' plastic in a country that leads in sustainability in the world , " she said at the instrument 's recent launch . "  And at the same time it is an object that has the ability to do two things , to combine the image with sound and take us to our goals . " Pedhua whistle Vuvuzelas were so popular during the 2010 World Cup that manufacturers such as Masincedane Sport were selling as many as 50,000 of them a month . Brown wants his invention to have similar mass appeal when the World Cup arrives in Brazil for its fiesta of football . "  The caxirola as with the vuvuzela , is the ball of the fans , " explained Brown . "  We want every South American to have a caxirola in their hands . " However , Brazil might not want their musical invention to follow quite the same path as the vuvuzela . Attempts to ban the plastic horn during the World Cup itself may have failed but it soon found itself on the not-wanted list at global sporting tournaments . Europe 's governing soccer body UEFA banned them from all competitions , including the Champions League , the Europa League and Euro 2012 matches . Arsenal and Tottenham Hotspur were among the first English Premier League clubs to silence the vuvuzela , banning it from their grounds because of concerns over irritation and safety . Vuvuzelas got such a bad reputation that they were also barred from the Wimbledon tennis championship at the All England Club . Traditional football rattles , though they were lessening in popularity , also disappeared from stadiums in the 1970s because of safety concerns . If the caxirola follows the fate of the vuvuzela or rattle , Brazil has a Plan B involving the production of a plastic version of the indigenous pedhua whistle , which mimics bird calls . So , whoever wins the 2014 World Cup can blow their own whistle -- or do the caxirola shake .	The caxirola has been unveiled as the "  new vuvuzela " for the 2014 World Cup The instrument has been designed by Brazilian musician Carlinhos Brown President Dilma Rousseff has endorsed the caxirola as a fitting symbol of Brazil Whistles will also be produced for the 2014 World Cup
New Delhi  CNN  -- It is n't everyday that video from inside a routine legislative session causes an uproar big enough to force three politicians to resign all at once but that is just what happened in South India after video surfaced of Indian ministers watching what appeared to be video of a sex act on a cell phone during a debate in the house assembly . Two Karnataka State Ministers C.C. Patil and Laxman Savadi are being accused of watching porn when they were supposed to be doing the people 's work . A third minister who resigned allegedly owned the cell phone with the lewd images on it . All three men deny the allegation but they have all turned in their resignations saying they did not want to embarrass their political party . "  We told our government and our party we do n't want to be seen as criminals so we 're happy to resign . " Savadi told a crowd of reporters . Patil , whose job it is to look after women and children 's development in the state , added , "  We are requesting the speaker to conduct an inquiry . I hope we will come out with a clean chit . " The video of the ministers watching the cell phone video is topping newscasts across India . Local television news photographers who routinely attend the assembly meetings captured the images . Photographers noticed two ministers looking down at a cell phone and zoomed in to the screen to reveal what appeared to be several people involved in a sex act . Throughout the assembly meeting the ministers continued to look at images on two cell phones . The video also showed a minister flicking through a half dozen photographs of young women 's faces while a debate raged over a local issue . Savadi defended himself saying he was not looking at porn but watching video of a women being raped by several men in an effort to prepare for a discussion on the dangers of rave dance parties that occur in the state . As the minister of Women and Children development , Patel made headlines in Southern India recently after being quoted saying the rise in rape cases in his state had to do with women being scantily clad . The timing of the scandal could hurt India 's largest opposition party to the Congress Party-led government . The three ministers are all members of the Bharatiya Janata Party  BJP  . This is happening as citizens in India 's most populous state begin voting in state elections . Karnataka 's Chief Minister D.V. Sadananda Gowda said , "  The ministers have not made any mistakes . They have voluntarily submitted their resignation , and I have accepted that . " The three ministers are calling for an investigation saying it will clear their names but for the time being they are stepping down . CNN 's Sumnima Udas contributed to this report .	Three state ministers resign after video surfaces It shows them watching what appears to be video of a sex act on a cell phone The three deny the allegation but said they resigned to protect their party , the BJP
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Are you looking for an easy way to reduce your monthly budget ? Look no further than your cell phone bill . Clark Howard says consider switching to a less known cell provider to save money and avoid signing contracts If you 're with one of the four big providers -- AT&T , Sprint , Verizon or T-Mobile -- you 're almost certainly overpaying for service . In addition , all four have a business model that 's based on cowardice . They 've developed lousy , stinking , rotten two-year contracts because they 're afraid to compete in the marketplace . Thankfully , there are a variety of smaller players in the market who offer nationwide coverage for less money with no contracts . Before considering any adjustment to your cell phone plan , you 'll need to start by assessing how much you talk , text and surf the Web on your phone . Watch Clark discuss the pros and cons of bundling services If you use less than 300 minutes per month , you 'd probably do much better with a prepaid plan where you buy minutes as you need them . Net10.com is one service I usually recommend -- no roaming charges , no long distance charges , no monthly fees and a flat 10 cents per minute for calls . If you use more than 300 minutes per month and you travel from time to time , you might want to consider either Metro PCS or Cricket . Both have plans ranging from $ 25 to $ 50 and offer unlimited calling . The difference in price points is based on how many other features you want -- texting , Web surfing and so on . But there are never any contracts or overages . For heavy cell phone users , there are Boost Mobile and Virgin Mobile . Both are engaged in an all-out price war that can directly benefit you . Virgin Mobile is offering $ 49.99 per month unlimited calling -- no roaming charges and no contract . If you want texting , you 'll pay an additional $ 10 per month for unlimited service . If you want high-speed Internet , you 'll pay another $ 10 per month on top of that for a 50MB plan . Boost Mobile 's $ 50 per month plan already includes unlimited calling , texting and Web access . And that $ 50 even includes junk fees ! One caveat here : Remember , my definition of "  cheap " means that I 'm willing to accept lower quality for a lower price . So consider this caveat carefully and do your own research before making any final decisions about your cell provider . Speaking of cheap , a new competitor in the marketplace may have both Boost and Virgin beat . Straight Talk offers a cellular plan for $ 30 per month . You get 1,000 minutes , 1,000 text messages and 30MB of data for that price . It 's important to remember that very few people use more than 1,000 minutes per month . The typical person clocks in at 790 minutes and pays an average monthly contract bill of $ 67 , according to Nielsen Mobile studies of U.S. adults on individual cell phone contract plans . So , what are you waiting for ? Consider firing your "  Big 4 " cell provider and going with one of the smaller guys . The savings are there for the taking . Finally , CellTradeUSA.com can help you get out of your existing contract by trading it away to someone else . This tends to work particularly well if you have a hot phone that everybody wants .	Smaller players in cellular market can offer nationwide coverage for less Nielsen Mobile says typical customer uses 790 minutes , pays average $ 67 a month Howard says do your research before making decisions about your cell provider
CNN  -- Surveys indicate that most Americans did n't think shutting down the government in an attempt to dismantle the new health care law was a good idea . They apparently feel the same way about blocking an increase in the nation 's debt ceiling to stop Obamacare , according to a new national poll released on Wednesday . A CNN/ORC International survey also indicates that a majority of the public would point fingers at Republicans in Congress if the nation 's ability to borrow more money is not increased . With the federal government shut down due to a bitter partisan standoff over spending and the Affordable Care Act , an even more chilling deadline is approaching . The government faces a debt ceiling crunch around October 17 , when it expects to run out of options to keep below the legal cap on federal borrowing . Congressional Republicans have signaled they want to use this issue to again go after Obamacare , which would set up a new fight with Senate Democrats and Obama , who says he wo n't negotiate . According to the poll , 56 % of Americans said it would be a bad thing if the debt ceiling was not raised , with 38 % saying it would be a good thing for the country . By a 51 % to 43 % margin , the public said it is more important to raise the debt ceiling than to delay Obamacare . A larger majority , 64 % to 27 % , in a Quinnipiac University survey released Tuesday said they opposed blocking an increase in the debt ceiling as a way to dismantle the health care law . If the debt ceiling is not raised , just over half of those questioned in the CNN poll , 53 % , said congressional Republicans would be more responsible rather than Obama , with 31 % pointing more fingers at the president . Those numbers are little changed from July 2011 , the last time Obama and Congress fought over the debt ceiling , which was eventually raised . As with the battle over the government shutdown , the poll indicated that Democrats and Republicans do n't see eye to eye over raising the debt ceiling . "  Most Republicans think that it would be a good thing for the country if the debt ceiling is not raised , but only 18 % of Democrats agree , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . "  Among most other major demographics groups , failure to raise the debt ceiling is seen as a bad thing . " "  You have bipartisan consensus among economists that not raising the debt ceiling would be a disaster , but politically you have a divide . Yes , more people say raise the debt ceiling and fight the health care debate somewhere else , but you have Republican lawmakers going home , most of them to safe Republican districts . And they 're being told by many of their constituents not to worry about it , ' you do n't have to raise the debt ceiling ' , " CNN Chief National Correspondent John King said . The survey also indicates independents are split . "  Here 's a sales problem for the president . Even among independents , a pretty even divide on whether raising the debt ceiling is a good or bad thing , " King added . The poll was conducted for CNN by ORC International September 27-29 , with 803 adults nationwide questioned by telephone . The survey 's overall sampling error is plus or minus 3.5 percentage points . What do you think ? Here 's your chance to weigh in below . Which do you think is more important for Congress to do ? Raising the debt ceiling to make sure the government has enough money to pay its debts Delaying the date on which major provisions in the new health care law will take effect Or are both equally important ?	Americans do n't think tying Obamacare to debt ceiling hike a good idea , CNN/ORC poll Nation 's ability to borrow more money to pay its bills expires in mid-October Survey indicates a majority of the public would blame Republicans if debt ceiling not increased President Barack Obama said he will not negotiate with Congress on debt ceiling
Anti-riot police patrolled the Bangladeshi capital of Dhaka and elsewhere in the country Tuesday as angry protesters took to the streets , damaging motor vehicles and burned used tires in a general strike , police and witnesses said . Protesters from the country 's largest Islamic party , Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami , clashed with police in Dhaka and other major cities , blocking roads and highways . The strike , taking effect all over the country , paralyzed daily life as road communications were heavily disrupted and schools and business establishments remained closed . The pickets also damaged a U.S. embassy vehicle in the Khilkhet area in Dhaka , leaving its driver and a police officer injured . "  No diplomatic staff was inside the vehicle , which was going to the airport , " Khilkhet police station chief Shamim Hossain told journalists . Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami on its website claimed responsibility of the attack , but said it was "  unexpected and unfortunate . " The U.S. embassy in Dhaka in a media statement condemned the attack and said , "  The ability to engage in peaceful protest is a fundamental democratic right ; there is no justification for the resort to violence . " "  We call upon the perpetrators to be held accountable for this unprovoked attack on a diplomatic vehicle and its innocent occupants , " the statement said . In many areas , pickets clashed with police , who used teargas shells to disperse angry mobs . Jamaat-e-Islami called a strike on Tuesday to protest the arrest and trial of its top leaders , who face charges of war crimes during the country 's war of independence in 1971 . It was estimated that 3 million people were killed in the nine-month-long war that led to the breakup of Pakistan and the birth of Bangladesh . Jamaat opposed the breakup , sided with the Pakistan army and was later blamed for many killings .	Bangladesh 's largest Islamic party launches a general strike The strike is to protest the arrest and trial of the party 's top leaders Those letters face charges of war crimes during the country 's war of independence in 1971
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- Lebanese military forces battled militants in Tripoli on Saturday , resulting in the deaths of two militants and two civilians , the Lebanese army said . At least six Lebanese soldiers -- including an officer -- were killed , according to Lebanon 's state-run National News Agency There were 24 people wounded in the attack , NNA reports . That figure includes civilians and soldiers . This constitutes a drop in the death toll of soldiers . Previously , nine had been reported killed . The militants are Sunnis who sympathize with ISIS extremists , who have been waging attacks inside neighboring Syria and , beyond that , in parts of Iraq , according to Lebanese media reports . The militants are said to feel marginalized by the Lebanese army , which is heavily allied with Shiite Hezbollah . In the Tripoli violence , both sides used heavy weapons and rockets . The militants have withdrawn from the contested Old Souks area , NNA reported Saturday afternoon . Local leaders and clerics helped mediate the withdrawal , it said . Most of the clashes had been taking place in Old Souks since Friday evening , security officials said . Fighting continues in the nearby Al Muhammara area and the Sunni neighborhood of Bab al-Tabbaneh , security officials said . According to broadcaster LBCI TV , fighting between the army and Sunni militants has intensified in the neighboring district of Akkar . The fighting started Friday when soldiers carried out a security campaign targeting the militants . Security forces have raided several homes in and around Tripoli , confiscating explosives and weapons , including assault rifles and rocket-propelled grenade launchers . The fighting is also highlighting divisions within Lebanon 's Sunni community . In a statement run on the website of An Nahar , the most respected local paper , Prime Minister Tammam Salam , a Sunni , condemned the attacks on the army , as has one of his most important predecessors , Saad Hariri . At the same time , the state-run National News Agency reported that security personnel have raided a guardhouse at the home of Khaled al Daher , a Sunni member of Parliament from Tripoli , and confiscated four rifles . Freelancer Marc Sirois reported from Beirut . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed from London . CNN 's Joshua Berlinger and Yousuf Basil contributed from Atlanta .	NEW : Two militants , two civilians are killed in clashes , army says NEW : Report : Six soldiers are also killed Fighting continues in several areas as army targets militants in security campaign Clashes highlight a rift in Lebanon 's Sunni community
CNN  -- Embracing the hair you 're born with sounds like it should be the easiest thing in the world , but for some , it 's a huge challenge . Nikki Walton , a 29-year-old licensed psychotherapist whose own journey to hair acceptance has grown from a passion into a business , knows that hurdle all too well . As the founder of CurlyNikki.com , Walton now confidently boasts a lush , natural texture that lives up to her online nickname , "  Curly Nikki . " On her website , she leads the charge for a community of women seeking a resource and a space where they can let their hair down , just as it is , no straightening required . But Walton can vividly recall the days when straight hair meant beautiful hair , and if she could n't be seen with it straight , she 'd rather not go out at all . As a young adult , Walton would feel "  gorgeous " and "  ready " to take on the world when her dark hair 's natural twists and turns were straight , sleek and swinging thanks to a stylist 's heat tools . But when that style fell flat and the frizz began to appear , "  I would become an introvert ; I did n't want to do anything , " she said . Eventually , the boyfriend who was driving her to and from hair appointments -- and who 's now her husband and father to their 2Â 1/2 - year-old daughter -- intervened . "  He said , ` This is n't healthy . I do n't know if you 've noticed , but you need to step back and assess this . You 're pretty , and I want you to feel pretty no matter what the condition of your hair is , ' " Walton recalled . "  And he was right . My hair was running my life . My confidence was in flux with my hair . " That conversation inspired Walton to take action , and she soon found herself researching ways she could work with the kind of hair she was born with . Once she unchained herself from her flat iron , she found not only a more genuine confidence but a new freedom to live her life as she chose -- not as her hairstyle mandated . "  Once you get to that freedom , " she said , "  you 'll be very excited to help those around you achieve that as well . " Walton has been lending that helping hand on CurlyNikki.com for the past four years , and she recently compiled her accumulated wealth of hair care know-how into a book , "  Better Than Good Hair : The Curly Girl Guide to Healthy , Gorgeous , Natural Hair . " Walton describes the guide as a little like "  What To Expect When You 're Expecting , " mixed with the approachable , easy-to-understand wisdom she extends on the Web . Depending on the person , opting to wear one 's hair in its natural state can feel like a rebirth of sorts . Some women may choose to cut much of their hair off -- doing a "  big chop , " as it 's called -- to get rid of heat-damaged or chemically straightened locks . For others like Walton , who opted to wear her hair more naturally but skipped the dramatic haircut , there 's still a learning curve to figure out how to wear one 's natural hair texture . "  In my house , " Walton said , "  any time we had somewhere important to go , if it was Easter Sunday  or  Christmas Mass , we had to make sure our hair was pressed and braided neatly . That 's what my mom knew , that 's what her mom knew , so we did n't even question it . " By the time she was in middle school , Walton would want to "  shrink into a hole " at the salon while she waited for a stylist to blow dry her freshly washed hair . "  I did n't want people to see my hair . I could n't even look at myself in the mirror , " she recalled . "  I did n't even know what my real texture looked like . ... I just knew that if it got a little bit wet , or if I sweat  ed  a little bit too much , I put my hands into my roots , and it felt terrible . " As a result , Walton had to do both a habitual and a mental shift when she decided that having healthy hair was more important . That new way involved regularly trimming her hair herself and wearing what she calls "  low-manipulation " styles , like buns , which meant she was n't putting added stress on her hair with constant washing and styling . Celebrity hairstylist and salon owner Ted Gibson concurs with Walton 's careful , routine trimming , which he says is essential whether you chemically straighten your hair or are as natural as can be . "  Sometimes women , when they get a relaxer , they do n't want to get a haircut , but that 's part of the service for us , " Gibson said . "  Getting your ends trimmed is essential in growing your hair and making your hair so that it 's in better shape . Hair will split after a period of time , and that 's sometimes where thinning hair comes from . " It took Walton about a year and a half to get rid of her damaged bits , and at the time , she was simultaneously working on being able to leave the house with her new , natural ` do . At first , "  you have that spotlight effect , because you think everybody 's staring at you , because you 're very self-conscious , " Walton said . "  And most people are n't staring at you , and if they are , maybe they 're thinking good things , not the negative things you 're projecting onto them . " On her site and particularly in her book , Walton emphasizes how necessary confidence is to the process . "  This is your hair , and people have to accept it because you do . And when you exude that confidence , people get that from you and they do n't bother you . Often , we have to fake it till we make it , because people will be able to detect that insecurity . " The phrase "  natural hair " is thrown around a lot , and it can mean different things to different people . There are those who would agree with celebrity stylist Laini Reeves , for whom being natural starts with the product . "  Being a hairdresser , I look for two things : I look for performance , and I look for ingredients . It 's hard to find completely 100 % natural hair care that has the performance that you need , but technology is becoming so advanced that the chemists know how to alter ingredients that make it have the performance , " said Reeves , who 's worked with stars like Amy Adams and Emily Blunt . For example , if you 're a curly , you might want to check out coconut oil to use as a conditioner , Reeves said , in an effort to rebuild the hair and get a softer texture . "  My advice to anybody : Read the label and educate yourself , " Reeves said . "  I 'm not an extremist . I 'm not anti this or that ; I just like to make more conscious decisions in my life . " Walton , too , cautions against the perception that maintaining natural hair means standing against chemical straighteners or straight hair overall . "  It 's all about achieving versatility and achieving healthy hair and achieving the freedom to be able to wear your hair curly or straight , " she said . "  The goal that I had for myself was to feel just as attractive and just as professional and sexy with my hair curly as I felt when it was straight . I 'm there in that place now , and I want other women to be able to experience that too . That level of confidence , we call it genuine self-esteem -- the kind that does n't fluctuate . " There 's also a side benefit to all of that confidence , Walton added . "  Accepting what your hair does naturally will help you attain a better quality of life , " she said . "  You can straighten your hair and do whatever you want to do , because we 're women ; we like to change it up . It 's that key of getting comfortable in your own skin . My quality of life has greatly improved now that my first thought and consideration is not my hair . " Have you struggled with going natural ? Share your experiences in the comments section below .	Therapist and blogger Nikki Walton helps women find confidence with their natural hair Walton 's written a book , "  Better Than Good Hair , " to guide women in their hair journey The keys for her have been regular trims and low manipulation Embracing one 's natural texture can improve your quality of life
New York  CNN  -- Several unions endorsed the two-week-old Occupy Wall Street movement and plan to join the protesters ' street theater in New York on Wednesday , labor leaders said . "  It 's really simple . These young people on Wall Street are giving voice to many of the problems that working people in America have been confronting over the last several years , " Larry Hanley , international president of the Amalgamated Transit Union , which has 20,000 member in the New York area , told CNN . "  These young people are speaking for the vast majority of Americans who are frustrated by the bankers and brokers who have profited on the backs of hard-working people , " Hanley added in a statement . "  While we battle it out day after day , month after month , the millionaires and billionaires on Wall Street sit by -- untouched -- and lecture us on the level of our sacrifice . " Contribute your images , video and words to CNN 's coverage Transport Workers Union Local 100 spokesman Jim Gannon said the Occupy Wall Street movement , which denounces social inequities in the financial system and draws inspiration from the Arab Spring revolutions in Africa and the Middle East , has advanced issues that unions typically support . "  Their goals are our goals , " Gannon said . "  They brought a spotlight on issues that we 've believed in for quite some time now ... . Wall Street caused the implosion in the first place and is getting away Scot-free while workers , transit workers , everybody , is forced to pay for their excesses . "  These young folks have brought a pretty bright spotlight , " Gannon added . "  It 's kind of a natural alliance . " Just who are these people ? President Michael Mulgrew of the United Federation of Teachers , the sole bargaining agent for most non-supervisory New York City public teachers with 200,000 members , said he was "  proud " to support the Occupy demonstrators , who have been camping out in New York and elsewhere across the nation . "  The way our society is now headed it does not work for 99 % of people , so when Occupy Wall Street started ... they kept to it and they 've been able to create a national conversation that we think should have been going on for years , " Mulgrew said . The labor officials could n't provide a projection on how many of their members will take the day off from work Wednesday and join the protests . The demonstrators have bivouacked in the park in New York 's Financial District , calling for 20,000 people to flood the area for a "  few months . " The protest campaign -- which uses the hashtag #occupywallstreet on the microblogging site Twitter -- began in July with the launch of a simple campaign website calling for a march and a sit-in at the New York Stock Exchange . Over the past two weeks , demonstrations have addressed various issues , including police brutality , union busting and the economy , the group said . Occupy Wall Street is a leaderless movement made largely of twentysomethings upset with the state of the economy , the state of the war in Afghanistan , the state of the environment , and the state of America and the world in general . View a gallery of high-resolution photos from the protests In less than three weeks , the movement has become a magnet for countless disaffected Americans at a time when an overwhelming majority of U.S. adults say the country 's on the wrong track . Occupy protests have been held in Chicago , Los Angeles , Seattle and Boston . Occupy Wall Street and its offshoots have clear strains of liberal economic populism -- a powerful force in U.S. history during various times characterized by growing economic stress . That said , it could be a mistake to label or tie the movement to a specific agenda , said Susan Olzak , a Stanford University sociology professor . "  It 's difficult to classify a social protest movement early on in its history , " Olzak told CNN . "  Clearer goals could eventually emerge , but there 's no guarantee . " "  Many movements fizzle out . Others become more organized , " she said . But "  I think we run a risk  by  taking a snapshot at any one point in time , and trying to categorize the movement in any one way based on that snapshot . The only way to study these protest movements is to follow them over time . " CNN 's Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	Labor leaders say the Occupy Wall Street protesters raise issues they support The movement is more than two weeks old Protesters are camping in a park in New York 's financial district Labor organizers do n't have an estimate on Wednesday 's participation
For the first time , someone in the Obama administration apologized for the problem-plagued Obamacare website . Marilyn Tavenner also said on Tuesday that the online troubles were being resolved and the overall program was working , albeit slower and less successfully than hoped . In the first congressional testimony from a government official on the botched launch of HealthCare.gov , the head of the federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services told the House Ways and Means Committee that the "  vast majority " of consumers would be able to successfully use the site by the end of November . "  I want to apologize to you that the website does not work as well as it should , " she said , adding that HealthCare.gov "  can and will be fixed . " The hearing served as a hot seat for Tavenner , whose agency has been blamed for the website troubles causing a political headache for President Barack Obama and his signature health care reforms , as well as a venting session for Republicans after their failed efforts to scuttle the reforms . Tavenner reports to Health Secretary Kathleen Sebelius , who has come under fire for the problems that plagued the introduction of the enrollment website . Some congressional Republicans demand her resignation or firing , and Sebelius will face a hearing by the House Energy and Commerce Committee on Wednesday . She is expected to tell that committee the initial experience of HealthCare.gov has been frustrating for many , and unacceptable . But she will also defend Obamacare , according to prepared remarks . "  The fact is that the Affordable Care Act delivered on its product : quality , affordable health insurance . The tremendous interest shown in HealthCare.gov shows that people want to buy this product . We know the initial consumer experience at HealthCare.gov has not been adequate . We will address these initial and any ongoing problems , and build a website that fully delivers on this promise of the Affordable Care Act , " Sebelius is expected to say . The health secretary will provide figures for the site , which has had more than 20 million unique visits to date . Over the past few weeks , nearly 700,000 applications have been submitted . People are also signing up through a call center , paper applications and in-person assistance . "  By enlisting additional technical help , aggressively monitoring errors , testing to prevent new issues from cropping up , and regularly deploying fixes to the site , we are working to ensure consumers ' interaction with HealthCare.gov is a positive one , and that the Affordable Care Act fully delivers on its promise , " Sebelius will say . In an exclusive interview last week , the health secretary told CNN that Obama did n't know of the problems with the Affordable Care Act 's website until after its troubled launch on October 1 . This was despite the fact that insurance companies had been complaining and the site crashed during a prelaunch test run . Policies canceled More trouble for Obama came out of the testimony , as Tavenner conceded that some people with individual health coverage -- rather than the group coverage that most Americans have -- will be forced to get new policies because of increased requirements under the 2010 Affordable Care Act . "  These individuals in a small group , our individual markets , had no protections " before the reforms became law , Tavenner explained . Until now , such consumers "  could be kicked out any time for pre-existing conditions " or realize too late that their policies failed to cover hospitalization or cancer treatments , Tavenner said . The reforms protect them by requiring a minimum standard of coverage , she added . For some , that means more expensive policies and any change breaks the oft-repeated pledge by Obama that "  if you like your plan , you can keep your plan " when he was pushing for Congress to pass his signature reforms . Republican Rep. Aaron Schock of Illinois hammered Tavenner on that point , noting a constituent who got a letter telling her that the health care reforms caused the cancellation of her current plan with a more expensive alternative in its place . "  She has health insurance that she likes . She 's been paying her premium . She wants to keep it . But she ca n't , " Schock said . "  Is n't that a lie ? " Tavenner responded that some insurers changed or discontinued plans that failed to meet the Obamacare requirements , even though present coverage could still be offered in some cases under a "  grandfather " provision in the legislation , despite lacking the full benefits of the reforms . She advised anyone being forced to get a new policy to examine all options under the new system , including the possibility of getting federal subsidies if they are eligible . According to the Kaiser Family Foundation website , 15.4 million people had individual health care coverage in 2011 , representing about 5 % of the population . The vast majority of Americans -- at least two-thirds of the population in 2011 -- had coverage through their employer , Medicare , Medicaid or other public providers and will not be affected by changes involving individual coverage . At the White House , spokesman Jay Carney said "  a significant portion " of the 5 % of people with individual coverage will end up paying less for better policies when they shop around in the new exchanges . "  One of the issues that the Affordable Care Act was designed to address was the need to provide greater security to those Americans forced to seek insurance on the individual market , " Carney said . On Capitol Hill , a top House Democrat told reporters on Tuesday that his party "  should have been more precise " when making the pledge about people keeping coverage they liked . "  I think preciseness would have been better , " said Rep. Steny Hoyer of Maryland . He added that the promise was made to try to allay the fears of the majority of Americans who get health coverage from their employers or government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid . Partisan exchanges As expected , Tuesday 's hearing included fiery partisan exchanges , with Republicans saying the website problems foreshadow deeper problems that threaten higher premiums and government intrusion in future health coverage while Democrats accused them of trying to kill reforms that benefit millions of Americans . Under GOP questioning , Tavenner said initial figures on how many people have enrolled so far for health coverage under the reforms wo n't be available until mid-November . She noted that the administration has expected the initial enrollment to be small , but noted that the enrollment period ends on March 31 . When asked by Republicans about the expected initial low enrollment , Tavenner pointed out that a similar dynamic occurred with implementation of the Massachusetts health care law , when people waited until the final deadline approached to sign up . To GOP Rep. Dave Camp of Michigan , the committee chairman , low enrollment signals the failure of the health care reforms , which need young people , and people who are less expensive to insure , to sign up so insurers can offer affordable plans in markets that include older and people who are more expensive to cover . "  I fear we can see a fundamental breakdown of the insurance market where premiums will skyrocket , pricing millions of Americans out of health care , " he said . Later , Republican Rep. Kevin Brady of Texas asked Tavenner for a guarantee that consumers will be able to obtain coverage required by the health care law before the deadline . "  What I can guarantee is that we have a system that is working . We are going to improve the speed of that system , " she said . But Brady interrupted her . "  Excuse me , " he said . "  You are saying the system right now is working ? " Tavenner did n't budge , responding : "  I am saying it is working . It is just not working at the speed that we want and at the success rate that we want . " Democratic Rep. Bill Pascrell of New Jersey lambasted Republicans on the panel for choosing to pile on the website woes in their continuing attempt to dismantle Obamacare instead of working with Democrats to improve settled law . Citing the political battle last decade over the Bush administration 's Medicare prescription drug benefit opposed by Democrats , Pascrell noted "  we lost the policy fight " then but chose to help make the program work instead of trying to discredit or undermine it . Standing up and pointing at his GOP colleagues , Pascrell shouted : "  How many of you stood up to do that ? None . Zero . Zero . " Website problems Late Tuesday , officials said the data hub behind the Obamacare website was experiencing an outage , prohibiting customers from submitting new applications . Verizon , which provides some technology services behind HealthCare.gov , said federal officials asked the company to provide additional computing and storage ability . "  At the request of HHS 's deputy CIO , we are now undertaking infrastructure maintenance , which should be complete overnight , " Verizon spokesman Jeffrey Nelson said . "  We anticipate the strengthened infrastructure will help eliminate application downtimes . " A key tech malfunction brought down the site Sunday . In prepared testimony for the hearing , Tavenner said private contractors hired to create the website "  have not met expectations . " Asked about that statement , she cited one of the contractors -- CGI Federal , which has a contract worth as much as $ 200 million for its work on the system .	Sebelius to testify that initial consumer experience is frustrating , unacceptable Data hub behind website experiencing an outage , officials say late Tuesday Committee hearing includes fierce partisan exchanges A top Democrat says his party was imprecise in selling health care law
CNN  -- When I was a teenager and in my early twenties , I always discussed with my most trusted friends what it might be like to live in a free world . We were locked behind the Iron Curtain and none of us believed we would live to see the fall of the communist dictatorship . My father used to say : "  Every dictatorship will fall one day because it is inhuman , it is not natural . But communism is here for a long haul . We are not going to see it in our life times . " Thank God , we were all wrong . Life in Czechoslovakia was not free . My first political experience dates to August 1968 . I was five when Czechoslovakia was invaded by Soviet troops . I remember soldiers in the streets , my mother crying , my father hitting a wall with his fist in frustration and my grandfather helplessly pacing in a living room . It did not get much better after that . My father had to fight for his job as a university professor after he was reported to the communist authorities for calling his students "  ladies and gentlemen " instead of "  comrades . " I remember my mother getting up early to stand in a line for beef bones to make soup . I also remember how she would worry when my dad was late from work , wondering if he had he been arrested for being overheard telling a political joke or making a sarcastic comment about people waiting in line for toilet paper . I saw some of my brightest fellow students kicked out of university for publicly expressing political opinions -- young lives ruined . I also remember my frustration as a young mountain climber that I was not allowed to travel to the Alps or anywhere else west of the Curtain . I was lucky though . My parents managed to create a microcosm of relative normalcy in our home . They traveled on occasional business trips to the West and smuggled banned books by Vaclav Havel , Alexander Solzhenitsyn or George Orwell back to Czechoslovakia , an act that could have landed them in prison . I listened to Voice of America on the radio with my father every morning and evening -- quietly , so the neighbors could n't hear us and report us . On my 15th birthday I got my first wristwatch and a translation of the inauguration speech of John F. Kennedy . In 1987 I landed a job as a producer of music programs on Czechoslovak Television in the city of Ostrava , earning about $ 60 a month . I was excited at first . I was working with Czechoslovak rock bands and pop stars . But from the beginning , my enthusiasm was eroded by numerous censors overseeing my work . They were mostly people who had no idea about TV or music , but had studied Marxism-Leninism and were employed to watch for "  ideologically harmful " content . And in rock 'n' roll they saw plenty of it . Once , after months of negotiations , I managed to get a contract with a British company that allowed me free access to clips of music videos by international artsits . It was the first contract of its kind in the history of Czechoslovak television but when I went triumphantly took it to my boss , I was yelled at and called "  a propagator of imperialism . " My argument that songs by INXS , New Order or Tina Turner were not political fell on deaf ears . Two-thirds of the songs never made it to air . Through my job I was meeting and befriending a lot of amazing people . Talented artists , but also semi-legal bands , dissident bands or dissidents themselves . I felt that the mood in the society was changing . There had been occasional small anti-government demonstrations since 1988 . More and more people were speaking out against the regime . A lot of banned bands performed illegally in private garages , summer cottages and even publically under false names . Still , I could not imagine the communists losing power . In June 1989 , after a concert of Psi Vojaci , a group banned by authorities , I was approached by its singer to sign a petition linked to a pro-reform manifesto co-authored by Vaclav Havel that called for the release of all political prisoners , for freedom of the press , freedom of religion , for democratization of the society . I was aware that whoever signed the petition was professionally doomed . Singers had their albums pulled from the stores , writers had books pulled from bookstores and libraries , others lost jobs . Still it took me only a few minutes to sign it . I made a decision that I could no longer be friends with opponents of the regime and work for it at the same time . It was a professional suicide but I felt it was my only choice . I did not tell anyone that I had become a signatory . A couple of months later my mother called me at my office in hysterics . "  They read your name on Voice of America ! Did you really sign it ? Why did you ruin your life ? " A couple of months later I lost my job and in October 1989 I began my one-year mandatory military service . Besides military training we had to undergo intensive political education and watch the news on government-run TV . This is how I learned about the astonishing events in Hungary , Berlin and Bulgaria . Was it really collapsing ? Would it ever come to Czechoslovakia as well ? Then came the brutal crushing of a peaceful student demonstration in Prague on November 17 . When our military commanders took away TV sets from our political classrooms , I knew that this was serious . After 48 hours in an information vacuum I finally managed to get in touch with my friends in Prague who told me that theaters and schools were on strike in protest over the clampdown . The next morning , during a military base assembly , I ignored a yelling commander , to stand before hundreds of soldiers and declare a 24-hour hunger strike in support of actors and students . The whole base followed . The same day the base doctor , a friend , signed me into his ward with "  pneumonia . " I was OK , but being declared sick exempted me from military training and enabled me to use the doctor 's office to make phone calls . The biggest worry in Prague at that time was that the communists would use the army to suppress growing unrest in the country . These fears prompted me to write a petition declaring that we -- the conscripted soldiers who made up the most of the Czechoslovak military -- would never turn our weapons against citizens of Czechoslovakia . I soon started to collect signatures . In the evening I was faxing signed sheets to opposition leaders in Prague . We were very well organized . Visiting soldiers got copies of the petition and took it to their bases and units . After we had collected all the signatures we could at the base I was stationed at , my doctor friend sent me for a fake lung examination to one of the biggest military hospitals in Czechoslovakia in Ceske Budejovice . There , hundreds more soldiers signed . It was obvious that no one had an appetite to fight for the communists . In less then a week we collected thousands of signatures . News from Prague was also encouraging . The whole country was on strike and up to one million people were demonstrating next to the city 's castle , demanding the resignation of the communist government and the politburo of the Communist Party . The night after my return to the base from Ceske Budejovice I was summoned by the commander 's office . It was 2 a.m. and the room was full of top brass . "  Did you write it ? " one colonel asked me pointing at the petition . "  Well , it has my name on it , does n't it ? " I replied . "  We want you to publicly recant it , " he continued . I refused and tried to tell them that the regime 's time was up and that they had better realize it now . "  If we would shoot you here , nobody would ever know , " another colonel threatened . "  Before I came here I called my friends to say that I was coming to meet with you . They will start looking for me if I disappear . " I was bluffing filled with fear . "  Get out of here ! " they shouted , finally concluding the meeting . On November 24 the communist government resigned . Soon afterwards Vaclav Havel became the new president of Czechoslovakia . A couple of weeks later one of my commanders woke me up in the morning . "  Pack your stuff and go home , " he said . "  What ? " I replied . "  Are you kicking me out ? " "  Whatever , " he said . "  Just pack your stuff . " In Prague , I was asked to join the new government to join a committee looking at reforming of the Czechoslovak military . I turned down the offer . I wanted to resume my work in television . At my station , I was greeted by the same people who kicked me out : "  My hero . I owe you an apology . The Communist Party was deceiving me all these years . But now , I know better . I changed . " I felt sick to my stomach . But then , communism in any country did not enhance people 's characters . It deformed them . Everybody tried to survive as best as they could , sometimes compromising their own values and dignity . I do not know how that person feels today . Perhaps there is even shame and regret . When I look back I do not regret being born in a communist country . Yes , we were deprived of freedom and many other things . But it was an intense life experience which taught me to appreciate what I have later in my life . I also feel privileged that I lived through and participated in some of the most important and exciting historical events of the 20th century . The only regret I have is that my father indeed did not live to experience it . He died of cancer in 1982 .	CNN producer Tomas Etzler was in Czech military in 1989 Etzler launched petition to ensure military would not attack anti-communist protesters Etzler was threatened by military top brass because of his involvement
London  CNN  -- The year is 1962 and at Bromley Technical High School in London the lad who will become David Bowie is about to announce his musical intentions . Read review of David Bowie 's new album As the line of schoolboys shuffles into the makeshift careers office , the boy steps forward . His friend George Underwood takes up the story . "  I was right behind David and the careers officer said ` So Mr. David Jones , what is it you are planning to do when you leave school ? ' And David said , ` Well I wan na be a saxophonist in a modern jazz quartet ! ' I laughed my head off after that because they did n't know how to pigeon hole people and they went down the category of music careers and he said ` I 've got an interview for a job at a harp factory in Bromley ' -- that 's the nearest thing they had to music which I thought was hilarious . " Music had already brought the two boys together as friends through a common interest in skiffle  "  the punk music of its time " offers George  and membership of a church choir . Their vocal harmonies continued at school , singing Everly Brothers and Buddy Holly songs in the reverb-rich stairwell outside the art block , encouraged by their charismatic art master , Owen Frampton . Why we 're just glad to have Bowie back Frampton 's son Peter joined the school three years after George and David and was soon in search of musical companions . "  I asked my father who was head of the art department at the school , who was into music , " says Frampton , " and he said well there 's this David Jones character -- he seems to play guitar and sax . " "  So it was the three of us exchanging licks really -- they taught me Buddy Holly numbers and I showed them what I knew on guitar -- so that 's when our friendship started on those stone steps . " Underwood and Jones formed a firm friendship , which led to an uncanny coincidence . "  David 's mother and my mother -- who did n't know each other -- were both knitting jumpers for us and lo and behold it was the same pattern and we were walking down Bromley High Street with the same jumpers like we were trying to pull birds ! " David 's fondness for American radio led to an interest in American football results . "  No one at that time was into American football in those days . But David liked the image of the big shoulder pads and there was a certain glamor about the way they looked and he thought I 'll get into American football . " When Jones wrote to the U.S. Embassy in London about his enthusiasm the two boys were invited to visit and try on the equipment , the shoulder pads seeming like an inspiration for the wardrobe of the future Ziggy Stardust . But even best friends can have disagreements -- particularly when they are teenage boys trying to date the same girl . "  I managed to chat her up and arranged to meet her a couple of days later in this club . And David was rather annoyed and said , ` Actually Carol does n't want to go out with you she wants to go out with me and she did n't have the heart to tell you . ' " George says David convinced him that the girl would n't turn up for the meeting . "  I was upset but I decided to go down to the club an hour and a half later and her mate said she had waited for me for an hour and David had made me look like a right prat . " Next day George could n't contain himself when he heard David saying he had won George 's girl . "  I just saw red and I do n't go around hitting people I promise you that -- honest -- I was n't that type . I knew David would n't fight me and I was so annoyed I just went like that . "  he makes a punching gesture  . Peter Frampton takes up the story . "  I remember the day because my father came home very agitated and told the story of one of his pupils hit the other one and there was a fight or something and I heard that Jones had to be taken to hospital but that 's all I knew I did n't actually see it happen . But the unfortunate thing is that as well as teaching art my dad also taught boxing and George was in his class so I think my father felt rather responsible ! " The incident left David with a frozen pupil , giving the effect that he has eyes of different colors , which contributed to the other-worldly look which became synonymous with the image of Bowie . "  Oh God my stomach was turning , " says Underwood . "  That was the last thing I wanted . But anyway we made up and years later he told me I did him a favor so I do n't feel so bad about it now ! " All three boys dreamed of becoming pop stars . George and David played together in bands such as The Kon-rads and The King Bees but it was George who scored the first hit recording under the name Calvin James . Peter left school early at 16 to join hit-making bands The Herd and Humble Pie . That 's when David Jones -- now performing as David Bowie -- took his first big step towards stardom . "  When we were on the roads together David 's first single ` Space Oddity ' went to number 1 " says Frampton . "  He was number 1 in Europe and Humble Pie we were number 2 with ` Natural Born Boogie . ' " The Bromley Tech alumni had arrived . George quit music to focus on art and David asked him to work on three of his most famous album covers -- "  David Bowie , " "  Hunky Dory " and "  Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars . " He was invited along on the "  Ziggy Stardust " tour to America , crossing the Atlantic on the QE2 liner , where David astonished other diners by turning up for dinner in full Ziggy costume . Underwood recalls the reaction of the fans on that pivotal tour . "  The audience were just standing with their mouths open looking at him thinking , ` What am I seeing here ? ' It was interesting seeing that from the ground floor every night . " After achieving huge success as a solo artist -- "  Frampton Comes Alive " remains one of the best-selling live albums in music history -- Peter Frampton suffered a series of setbacks which left his career in tatters , until David invited him to record and tour with him in the 1980s . "  I ca n't thank him enough for asking me . There are so many other people he could have asked . But he was very aware of what had happened to me as far as my musical credibility disappearing because of the pop icon deal that happened to me . It was very special of him to see that and take me back to places that I could n't fill any more ... those kind of venues and take me around the world and reintroduce me as the guitar player and I still owe him . " Peter went on to win a Grammy for his 2006 album "  Fingerprints " while George has developed a career in painting which has included exhibitions at London 's prestigious Royal Academy . All three remain firm friends today and plan to download the new album . Underwood says he was n't concerned about Bowie 's 10-year absence from recording . "  I 'm sure he 'd let me know if there was anything wrong . There 's all this speculation about his health but do n't worry folks , he 's fine -- the album proves it does n't it ? " "  A lot of people have copied what he has done , in terms of re-inventing himself all the time , just when you think he 's got him figured out , " says Frampton . "  He 's an actor , he 's a musician , he 's an artist and he puts them all together and does what he wishes when he wishes and he 's very confident about what he does . But he 's the same guy I went to school with . "	Peter Frampton and George Underwood recall their long friendship with David Bowie David Bowie 's new album , "  The Next Day " was released on March 8 All three friends played in school bands with bands , and remain friends Frampton , says Bowie is healthy : "  He 's the same guy I went to school with "
CNN  -- Giorgia Boscolo spent hundreds of hours on the canals in Venice , Italy , learning the intricate waterways and how to handle and steer a distinctive banana-shaped boat , according to Italy 's ANSA news agency . Her effort paid off . This week , Boscolo passed her final exam and is likely to become Venice 's first female gondolier , the ANSA agency said , after she applies for her full license . Boscolo , 24 , said she inherited her love for navigating the canals from her gondolier father , reported ANSA . The ancient profession used to be passed from father to son , making the group of Venetian gondoliers distinctly male . But now there are courses . "  I 'm so happy for Giorgia and in a little way share her joy because it was under my presidency that the first woman was admitted to the gondolier 's course , " Aldo Rosso , former head of the city 's gondola group , told ANSA . The agency added two other women enrolled in the course , but did not pass the exam . Male gondoliers have often questioned whether women would be strong enough to control the large boats , but Boscolo dismissed her critics . "  Childbirth is much more difficult , " ANSA reported she said .	Giorgia Boscolo passed her final exam this week She can ask next for her full license Boscolo follows in the footsteps of her gondolier father
CNN  -- Five-time winner Roger Federer opened his U.S. Open account Monday with a straight sets win over Santiago Giraldo in New York . Despite surrendering his serve three times , the 30-year-old Swiss enjoyed a relatively comfortable match against the Colombian , ranked 54 in the world , winning 6-4 6-3 6-2 on the Arthur Ashe Stadium court . Leading 5-1 in the opening set , a number of uncharacteristic errors from Federer saw him squander a double-break advantage before he finally rallied to win 6-4 . The second and third sets were more straight-forward , though the world number three will be concerned about his winners-to-unforced errors ratio -- he finished with 36 winners and 35 unforced errors . "  It was quite up and down , getting used to the conditions , " admitted Federer , in quotes carried by usopen.org . "  I do n't think I 've ever played my best in the first round but it 's important to come through them and come up with a good feeling . " Home favorite Mardy Fish was ruthlessly efficient as he easily dispatched Germany 's Tobias Kamke 6-2 6-2 6-1 . However fellow American Ryan Harrison was not so fortunate . The 19-year old lost out to big-serving Croat Marin Cilic , 6-2 , 7-5 , 7-6  8/6  . Seventh seed Gael Monfils ruined the U.S. Open debut of Grigor Dimitrov of Bulgaria with a battling 7-6 , 6-3 , 6-4 victory , while Czech Tomas Berdych , the number nine seed , beat French qualifier Romain Jouan 6-2 , 7-6  7/4  , 6-1 . Elsewhere , French 13th seed Richard Gasquet trounced Ukrainian Sergiy Stakhovsky 6-4 6-4 6-0 , Serbian Janko Tipsarevic ousted France 's Augustin Gensse 6-2 7-5 6-0 , while Czech Radek Stepanek beat Germany 's Philipp Kohlschreiber 6-4 6-1 6-3 . Fifteenth seed Viktor Troicki became the first seed to fall at this year 's tournament when he was beaten in five sets 3-6 6-3 4-6 7-5 7-5 by Alejandro Falla of Colombia .	Roger Federer beats Santiago Giraldo 6-4 6-3 6-2 in first round of U.S. Open The 30-year old Swiss finishes with 36 winners and 35 unforced errors Other noted winners include Mardy Fish , Marin Cilic , Gael Monfils and Richard Gasquet
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- The rallies are over , the students have been sent home and the people of Tehran braved searing heat and impenetrable traffic to select a new president Friday from a field of six candidates . Despite the assertion by some residents here that it does n't matter who wins -- all of the candidates have been vetted by Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei and are likely to continue the anti-Western policies that have formed his world view since he came to power in 1989 -- a feeling of excitement has been notable here . Part of the sense of excitement may have nothing to do with politics -- instead , it could be because many residents began their weekend at noon Thursday . The bazaars visited by CNN were thronged with people . But that would n't explain the presence in recent days of thousands of people -- some of them lured by sweets handed out by organizers -- at rallies for the various candidates . Many of them expressed their views , including complaints , to CNN reporters as government security agents hovered nearby . What 's at stake in Iran 's presidential election ? At a rally for Saeed Jalili , a hard-line candidate and the nation 's chief nuclear negotiator , men and women attended in separate groups , the women 's heads and bodies covered by the loose robe favored by some Muslims . "  Death to America ! Death to Israel ! " chanted the crowd when Jalili spoke of a nuclear scientist who had been killed . But the sentiment appeared more political than personal . Afterward , approached by a reporter they recognized to be from the United States , many of the participants appeared welcoming and eager to talk . "  I do n't have a problem with the people of the United States , " said one person . "  But I have a problem with people who trample on our inalienable rights to nuclear power . " The unifying impact of Iran 's nuclear program is hard to underestimate : a nuclear symbol appears on the ubiquitous 50,000 rial note , which is worth about $ 1.50 , and many here say that it 's their country 's right to pursue a nuclear program . Report : Iran takes key step in nuclear reactor construction Tehran says that program is intended solely for peaceful purposes ; officials from the United States and some other Western nations say they suspect Iran is seeking to join the elite club of nations with nuclear arms and have imposed international sanctions to dissuade Tehran from doing so . State-run Press TV said 285 polling stations had been set up overseas for Iranians abroad . At the campaign headquarters for moderate candidate Hassan Rohani , his campaign manager told CNN that Rohani would be open to talking to the United States about such matters . "  I think he would do it , " Mohammad-Reza Nematzadeh said as a number of supporters buzzed around him . "  But it does n't mean right away . " Though thousands of fliers supporting various candidates littered rally sites on Wednesday , nearly all of the election signs had been taken down on Thursday -- in compliance with the law ordering an end to electioneering a day before the nation 's 66,000 polling stations open . A few posters extolling the candidacy of the popular mayor of Tehran , Mohammad Ghalibaf , remained affixed to walls in the capital . "  I 'm for him because the sanctions are hurting us so badly , and I know he can fix them , " one person said , citing Ghalibaf 's economic platform . At one rally , a group of conservative women said they did not like any of the candidates and would not vote . Another group , this one of self-described liberals , offered the same rationale for their plans to stay home . Though a few expressed concerns about speaking publicly to a reporter , others appeared eager to talk . The election is being covered by 430 reporters from 40 countries , 15 % more than were here four years ago , according to Alireza Shirvani , head of the Foreign Reporters Bureau of Iran 's Ministry of Culture and Islamic Guidance . If no candidate wins more than half the votes , the top two will face each other in a runoff on June 21 . In the 2009 election , massive anti-government demonstrations erupted in violence , followed by reports of dozens of deaths and claims of vote rigging in the re-election of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who is barred from running for a third term . Efforts appear to have been made to minimize the possibility of a recurrence of violence . College students , who played a major role in the demonstrations four years ago , were sent home when colleges were closed early . Government officials said that that was done to give the students an early break for the summer . "  Foreign media reporters have expressed satisfaction with the government 's cooperation and praised the Iranian people 's desire to participate in the election , " Press TV declared flatly on Thursday . Several people complained about the sanctions and the struggling economy . In fact , prices for nearly everything have doubled since last summer . Even the increase in the cost of watermelon , produced aplenty here , has outstripped inflation . By official figures , the inflation rate is 31 % ; observers say it 's more than that . And many here grouse that their costs are rising faster than their salaries . Shrimp was $ 22 per pound at one store on Thursday . According to the CIA World Factbook , 15.5 % of the nation is unemployed . Still , not everyone is tightening their belts . Luxury car dealerships remain open -- with vehicles shipped here from other countries in the Middle East , including the United Arab Emirates , Qatar and Kuwait . Iran presidential candidates ` cry for overhaul of foreign policy ' CNN 's Erin Burnett reported this story from Tehran . Tom Watkins wrote it from Atlanta . Watch Erin Burnett weekdays 7pm ET . For the latest from Erin Burnett click here .	Chief among concerns here : The economy and the burgeoning nuclear program Authorities were taking steps to avoid the demonstrations that followed the 2009 elections All of the candidates have been vetted by Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei
CNN  -- The United States and other Western powers have "  exacerbated Somalia 's downward spiral " and must revise their policies in the east African country , a Human Rights Watch report has warned . Recent image of Islamist fighters at a camp in the northern outskirts of Mogadishu The report , released Monday , blames the policies under President George W. Bush for "  breeding the very extremism that it is supposed to defeat . " "  The new administration of U.S. President Barack Obama should urgently review U.S. policy in Somalia and the broader Horn of Africa and break with the failed approach of his predecessor , " the report said . It also cites key European governments for failing "  to address the human rights dimensions of the crisis , with many officials hoping that somehow unfettered support to abusive TFG  Somali transitional government  forces will improve stability . " Somalia 's weak transitional government , backed by Ethiopian forces , continues to battle Islamic militias with the fighting concentrated in the capital , Mogadishu . Ethiopian forces have not withdrawn from the country , as required under a recent cease-fire agreement . Ethiopia invaded Somalia two years ago and successfully routed the Islamic militia that seized control of the capital . The HRW report states that the United States "  directly backed Ethiopia 's intervention . " Since the 2006 overthrow of the Islamic Courts Union , Somalia has suffered from "  unconstrained warfare and violent rights abuses " by all warring parties . "  All sides have used indiscriminate force as a matter of routine , and in 2008 violence has taken on a new dimension with the targeted murders of aid workers and civil society activists , " the report states . "  The human rights and humanitarian catastrophe facing Somalia today threatens the lives and livelihoods of millions of Somalis on a scale not witnessed since the early 1990s . " Heavy fighting in Mogadishu and across Somalia has driven more than a million people from their homes . The lawlessness has also spilled onto the seas off the Horn of Africa , where international vessels are routinely hijacked by suspected Somali pirates who demand large ransoms . Human Rights Watch offers specific recommendations to the Somali and Ethiopian governments , the main militias , and the international community to address the human rights abuses . It calls on the West to "  insist upon an end to the impunity that has fueled the worst abuses - and the right place to start is by moving the U.N. Security Council to establish a Commission of Inquiry to document abuses and lay the groundwork for accountability . " Journalist Abdinasir Mohamed Guled contributed to this report .	Bush policies blamed for "  breeding the very extremism that it is supposed to defeat " Report : European govts failed to address "  human rights dimensions of the crisis " Somalia 's Ethiopian-backed transitional government battling Islamic militias Fighting has driven more than a million people from their homes
Mecca , Saudi Arabian  CNN  -- A teenager and three elderly people in Saudi Arabia for the hajj pilgrimage have died of the H1N1 flu virus , the Saudi Health Ministry said . The victims of the virus were a 17-year-old Nigerian female and a Sudanese man , an Indian man and a Moroccan woman who each were 75 years old . "  These cases were discovered too late , " said Dr. Khaled Al-Marghalani , the ministry spokesman . "  Some were old , and the others had pre-existing chronic conditions . " Al-Marghalani said the Sudanese man initially went to a doctor who treated him , but not for H1N1 . "  So when his doctor sent him to the hospital , and he was treated for H1N1 , it was too late , " he said . The annual pilgrimage to Mecca , Saudi Arabia , is required of Muslims at least once in their lives , and millions of people around the globe make the trek to attend . This year , the hajj begins Wednesday , and many pilgrims have been arriving days and weeks ahead of the event , which coincides with flu season . When Arab health ministers met in Cairo , Egypt , a few months back , it looked like several groups might even be banned from this year 's event because of the flu . They were children under 12 , adults over 65 , pregnant women and people with chronic illnesses . The Saudis did n't ban anybody from coming and left the responsibility to the pilgrims ' countries of origin . In effect , officials issued guidelines only for people at risk . Two days ago , Saudi Arabia 's health minister , Dr. Abdullah Al-Rabeeah , gathered representatives to discuss efforts to detect the ailment . "  It would be nice to have more time to prepare -LSB- for the possibility of H1N1 spreading in Saudi Arabia -RSB- ahead of the hajj , but I am very satisfied with all the measures taken and have great confidence , " he said before the meeting . Al-Marghalani said the "  safe weapon " for the kinds of H1N1 cases that resulted in the deaths is Tamiflu , the drug used to fight influenza . "  If we lose Tamiflu , we will lose the war . But Tamiflu is only effective in the first 48 hours of when the symptoms appear , " he said .	Virus kills teenager , three elderly people on hajj pilgrimage Arab ministers considered barring some groups from this year 's event Saudis left responsibility to pilgrims ' countries of origin
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. intelligence now believes Edward Snowden did not gain access to the "  crown jewels " of National Security Agency programs that secretly intercept and monitor conversations around the world , CNN has learned . The Obama administration is reviewing what the admitted leaker of classified information actually got his hands on and what damage he may have caused . The ongoing damage assessment indicates he did not gain access to what is called ECI or "  extremely compartmentalized information , " according to a U.S. official familiar with the review . Snowden fled to Moscow after his leaks in June and has been stranded at the Moscow airport awaiting a response to his request for temporary asylum . He faces espionage charges in the United States . With Snowden still at large and the publication of agency surveillance secrets publicized , the intelligence community may have good reason to downplay the impact of what he has revealed . However , the official said the intelligence community remains adamant that Snowden caused serious damage . The administration believes it knows the extent of the material that was downloaded . "  We are not downplaying it , " the official said , explaining that assessing the matter over weeks has enabled authorities to focus more directly on the impact of Snowden 's actions . Court renews secret U.S. surveillance program The official spoke to CNN on background because the assessment is not fully completed . CNN can not independently verify the statements made either by the administration or Snowden . Officials do not dispute that Snowden had critical information about how NSA programs worked . "  But just because you have the blueprints does n't mean you have the manual , " the official said . A key question is whether Snowden , a former NSA contractor , really knows how the programs work at a detailed technical level . Snowden did leak sensitive documents about anti-terror programs , detailing secret telephone metadata and e-mail surveillance . U.S. officials have said that terror groups are aware of the Snowden leaks and are responding internally , like adjusting communications and security . NSA Director Keith Alexander said last week the United States has concrete proof terrorists are making changes and taking actions that are going to "  make our job harder . " Other officials are less resolute about the extent of the exposure . The top lawyer for the Office of the Director of National Intelligence said it is not clear how much U.S. adversaries will adjust based on what is known already . Ex-CIA chief : What Snowden did "  It 's too early to tell yet whether it is going to have an impact , but there 's no question that they have sat up and taken notice of specifically what has been released here and the impact it has on their communications , " Robert Litt , general counsel for the national intelligence office said last Friday . The assessment also has concluded that Snowden took advantage of knowing that a good deal of information was concentrated in one portion of the NSA 's computer system . "  What he had was information that was centralized so it could be shared broadly , " the official said . This is similar to the assessment reached in the case of Army Pvt. Bradley Manning where information was stored in ways that large numbers of personnel could access it under certain circumstances . Manning is accused of leaking documents to WikiLeaks in the largest case of its kind in U.S. history . He is currently on trial before a military court . Deputy Defense Secretary Ashton Carter said last week that Snowden exploited a weakness that came from a desire to make the information more accessible to those in the intelligence community . "  In an effort for those in the intelligence community to be able to share information with one another , there was an enormous amount of information concentrated in one place , " Carter said during a panel at the Aspen Security Forum . "  It creates too much information in one place . " As such , the government has accelerated efforts to better secure classified information , improvements that had begun even before Snowden went public . The government believes Snowden was aware that upgrades were being made to NSA systems tagging data and users so that downloads were recorded , but Snowden accessed portions where that work had not been completed . In addition , system administrators like Snowden and others will be subject to more stringent rules . Downloads will require a second more senior employee to "  watch , log and observe " what material is being accessed the official said . Access codes and passwords also have been changed .	Edward Snowden admittedly leaked classified information on surveillance programs to media Obama administration officials have been conducting an assessment of potential damage The intelligence community adamant Snowden caused serious damage , official says Assessment also finds Snowden knew a good deal of information was in one place
Federal prosecutors say they 'll seek the death penalty against Boston Marathon bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , arguing that he acted in "  an especially heinous , cruel and depraved manner " and lacks remorse . The highly anticipated announcement Thursday means that when the case against Tsarnaev goes to trial , jurors will not only weigh whether he 's guilty , but also whether he deserves to die . For Liz Norden , it 's one small step forward . Her sons , JP and Paul , each lost a leg in the bombings , which killed three people and injured more than 250 at the April 15 race . "  I just am relieved that it 's going forward in the right direction , one step forward in the recovery process , just that the option is out there on the table for the jurors , if that 's the way it goes , " she told CNN 's The Situation Room . Whenever the case goes to trial , Norden said she plans to attend every day . "  It 's important to me . I 'm trying to make sense of what happened that day . My boys went to watch a friend run the marathon , and one came home 46 days later . The other one , 32 days later . And their lives are forever changed , " she told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . "  So I want to try and find out , somehow , to make some sense of how somebody could do this to all these innocent people . " Attorney general : Harm caused was factor Authorities allege Tsarnaev , a Chechnya-born American , and his brother Tamerlan planted two homemade bombs near the finish line of the marathon , then killed a Massachusetts Institute of Technology police officer three days later . The attacks triggered the massive manhunt that led to Tsarnaev 's capture . Police shot and killed Tamerlan Tsarnaev during the manhunt . "  The nature of the conduct at issue and the resultant harm compel this decision , " U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said in a statement released by the Justice Department Thursday announcing that prosecutors would pursue the death penalty in the case . Death penalty in the United States gradually declining After Holder made his decision , prosecutors filed a notice listing factors that they argue justify a death sentence in the case . Among them : The attack killed multiple people , involved substantial planning and premeditation and involved betrayal of the United States , prosecutors said . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is charged with 30 federal counts stemming from the attack . He has pleaded not guilty to all charges . The decision announced Thursday is no surprise , CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said . "  This is a case , that , if you believe in the death penalty , seems to cry out for the death penalty , even though the defendant is only 19 years old , and potentially the junior partner to his late brother , " Toobin said . But that does n't mean it 's an open-and-shut case . "  One of the most interesting , difficult , strategic decisions the defense faces , " Toobin said , is whether to push for a change of venue for the trial . "  Boston was obviously deeply traumatized by this incident . And the jury pool is Boston , if the case remains where it is . But Boston is also probably the most liberal city in the country . Death penalty opposition there is higher than anywhere else , " Toobin said . "  So does the defense go somewhere else , where people do n't have the immediate association with the crime ? Or do they go somewhere that might not oppose the death penalty in the same numbers ? " Massachusetts abolished the death penalty three decades ago , but prosecutors can seek the death penalty against Tsarnaev because federal law allows for the penalty in certain circumstances . Despite Holder 's decision to authorize the death penalty in the Tsarnaev case , prosecutors still could reach a plea deal for a lesser sentence with his attorneys , who include death penalty lawyer Judy Clarke . Boston Marathon terror attack timeline Survivor speaks out Federal officials weighed a number of factors before they announced their decision , including the opinions of victims of the deadly attack . Survivors were asked to fill out a questionnaire about what they thought about the death penalty . Marc Fucarile , who lost a leg in the bombing , said he has no doubt about where he stands : Tsarnaev deserves to die . "  I prefer the death penalty , because I prefer that people know that if you terrorize our country , you 're going to be put to death , " he told CNN affiliate WCVB . "  And I strongly believe that 's how it should be . " Life since the bombing has n't been easy , he said . "  This is almost kind of too easy for him  Tsarnaev  , " Fucarile told WCVB . "  I still have n't walked for more than day in a prosthetic , and it 's almost a year later . ... Life 's good , you know . It 's going to get better , but it 's going to be a road , and it 's going to be a long road for the rest of our lives . " In a statement Thursday , Gov. Deval Patrick urged the state 's residents to stay strong . "  One way or another , based on the evidence , Tsarnaev will die in prison . In each milestone of the case -- today 's announcement , the trial and every other significant step in the justice process -- the people hurt by the Marathon bombings and the rest of us so shocked by it will relive that tragedy , " he said . "  The best we can do is remind each other that we are a stronger Commonwealth than ever , and that nothing can break that spirit . " Victims ' mom : ` It should n't have happened ' Tsarnaev 's attorney did not immediately respond to a request for comment . Reached before federal authorities announced their decision to seek the death penalty , Zubeidat Tsarnaev , the suspect 's mother , did not comment on the specifics of the case . "  We are , you know , sickened about our child . ... We have nothing in our heads or in our hearts , so what should I say ? We are just really sick , " she told CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh in a telephone interview . "  The only thing I want to say , " she said , "  is I want the whole world to hear that I love my son , my precious Dzhokhar . That 's it . " Thousands of miles away , another mother -- Norden -- said her love for her own sons makes her want to learn more about Dzhokhar Tsarnaev during the trial , to try to understand why the deadly attacks occurred . "  I watch my sons , and it 's sad . Their lives have changed , and they 're OK with it . They 've learned to accept it . But I ca n't , " she said , her voice cracking . "  You know , those are my kids , and they went to watch a marathon on the streets of Boston , and it should n't have happened . " For Boston Marathon bombing victims : $ 8.4 million of assistance	Bombing victim : Dzhokhar Tsarnaev deserves the death penalty Prosecutors argue Tsarnaev acted in a "  depraved manner , " lacks remorse Tsarnaev 's mother : "  We are ... sickened about our child " Toobin : Defense will weigh whether to ask for change of venue
Washington  CNN  -- Forget , for now , the traditional debates over taxes and spending or national security . The flashpoint in presidential politics , at the moment anyway , seems to be more about age . Or experience . Or maturity . Or something like that . Conservative columnist George Will labels the incumbent , President Barack Obama , an adolescent . Others from the right -- RedState 's Erick Erickson among them -- are leading the charge in labeling Hillary Clinton too old . And the debate is hardly limited to what Republicans think of the current and perhaps future Democratic Party standard bearers . Bob Dole , who has firsthand experience on the receiving end of the age debate , took issue this past week with the "  younger " members of the prospective GOP 2016 field . "  First-termers like Rand Paul ,  Marco  Rubio and that extreme-right-wing guy -- Ted Cruz ? All running for president now , " Dole said . "  I do n't think they 've got enough experience yet . " That last part suggests Dole 's beef has more to do with legislative experience than the actual age of the three freshmen senators thinking about running for president in 2016 . Not to mention his clear ideological differences with them , especially Cruz and Paul . What Dole said publicly tracks a line of thought many Republicans debate more privately : After arguing for five-plus years now that Obama -- a freshman senator when elected -- was n't ready for the highest office in the land , does it make sense for Republicans to nominate a freshman senator ? Double standard on age ? Ironically , that argument is advanced most by Republicans who anticipate Clinton as the Democratic nominee and use terms like experienced and formidable -- not old -- to describe her . For point of reference , Clinton is 66 now . Mitt Romney is 67 . Jeb Bush is 61 . Rick Perry is 64 . Chris Christie and Rand Paul are 51 . Paul Ryan is 44 . Ted Cruz is 43 , and Marco Rubio and Bobby Jindal are 42 Dole was 73 when he became the Republican presidential nominee in 1996 -- the oldest first-time presidential nominee . Bill Clinton allies were n't shy , in public and even more so in private , in suggesting the Kansas senator was too old . Nor were Democrats , especially those in Obama 's inner circle , shy about suggesting that 2008 GOP nominee John McCain , who was 72 on Election Day that year , was too old for the rigors of the presidency . So in some ways , what goes around comes around now that the age debate is focused on Hillary Clinton . She is 66 -- and would be 69 on Inauguration Day if she assumed the presidency in 2017 . That is the same age as Ronald Reagan in 1981 . So then is it sexist when conservatives who treat Reagan as a demigod say Clinton , the former secretary of state , would somehow be too old ? Going too far Writing this past week on CNN.com , conservative commentator David Frum said age was openly discussed when Reagan , Dole and McCain ran for president . So why not when Clinton runs ? Fair enough . Like other candidates , Clinton will be asked to release health records and to make her doctors available for interviews . Some candidates are more cooperative than others on this front . But it is a fair , and relevant , avenue of inquiry , regardless of whether the candidate for president is a man or a woman . Or in his or her 40s or 60s for that matter . But how it is raised can make a huge difference . As a substitute host for Rush Limbaugh this week , RedState 's Erickson tossed in a plastic surgery reference : "  She 's going to be old . I do n't know how far back they can pull her face . " He later argued on RedState that "  any objective fact about Hillary Clinton " will be labeled out of bounds . Many conservatives make that argument , suggesting , as Frum also did , that Clinton thrives in a world of double standards . At times they have a case . But the cosmetic surgery line was n't an "  objective fact about Hillary Clinton . " It was mean and , yes , sexist . Veteran GOP strategist Mary Matalin says many conservatives probably feel justified repeating against Clinton the age argument Democrats used against Reagan long ago . "  However justified they might be , it does feed right into the opposition meme , " she said . Matalin is among those -- "  in the minority " as she puts its -- not fully convinced that Clinton will run . But if she does , Matalin says , the age debate will intensify . "  The first to pick it up will be her primary opposition . " A veteran Democratic strategist close to Clinton said a politician 's age becomes an issue only when the politician behaves in a way that makes it an issue . "  It 's all how you act and think , " the strategist said , speaking on the condition of anonymity . Scott Reed , who was Dole 's 1996 campaign manager , said just about anything , including age , can be relevant as a presidential campaign issue . But , he added , "  the woman thing is such an unknown . " Another GOP strategist with presidential campaign experience chimed in with a one-word "  nope " when asked if it is wise to raise Clinton 's age . "  Perhaps that her politics/policies are outdated , or that she has been part of D.C. too long , " this strategist suggested . Life expectancy a more relevant point A National Journal report on this debate this week smartly focused on a question more relevant than chronological age : the life expectancy of the candidate in question . A chart from that report suggests that Clinton "  would have the longest total life expectancy of any president yet . " Still , a Clinton candidacy -- assuming she won the Democratic nomination -- would present voters with a generational question . Her husband was 46 when he took office in 1993 . George W. Bush was 54 in 2001 . Obama was 47 in 2009 . All three were elected to two terms ; all three will have ended their presidencies in their 50s or early 60s . "  America does n't go back , " former Vermont Gov. Howard Dean said in a conversation several months ago -- meaning once the mantle of leadership is passed to one generation , he could not envision voters going back to an older generation . "  Except for Hillary , " he said . "  She is the only one who could do it because of the historic aspect of her candidacy . "	Questions about potential GOP , Democratic presidential candidates ' ages a flashpoint Both sides have alternately argued candidates are either too young or old over the years Political strategists say the relevance of the question depends on the way it is asked The life expectancy of the president is a far question , strategists say
CNN  -- The Brazilian government is investigating the case of a 15-year-old girl who allegedly was raped and tortured after being put in a prison cell with 20 male inmates , officials said . The girl -- who said she was forced to have sex for food and suffered burns and other abuse -- has denounced police in the small town of Abaetetuba for keeping her in the cell . She is now in a witness protection program . The case has sparked outrage among human rights groups as well as government officials . "  This is a shame , a shame in the whole system , " said Claudio Puty , chief of staff for the governor 's office in Para , one of the largest states in Brazil . "  There is a total collapse in the jail system in Brazil , but this is no excuse for them to wash their hands and do nothing , " he said . "  We are doing all we can to punish these policemen . " The victim -- who has been identified only by her initials , L.A.B. -- was jailed for attempted theft , and was sent to a police station in Abaetetuba , about 50 miles  80 kilometers  from the provincial capital of Belem , according to the O Liberal newspaper . She remained in custody for about three weeks . After receiving an anonymous phone call , two social workers tried to visit the girl in jail , but police barred them from doing so , the newspaper reported . One of them , Maria Imaculada , told O Liberal the young woman was courageous and talked to them in front of several policemen . In testimony before a tribunal , the girl told authorities she asked to speak to her relatives , but the police never responded , O Liberal reported , citing court documents . She testified that when she was forced into a bathroom , "  I screamed and screamed , but to no avail , " the report said . The girl 's father , who is also in a witness protection program , told reporters police asked him to forge the girl 's birth certificate , but he refused . He said police threatened him and even questioned his paternity rights . "  She was humiliated and sexually assaulted in an Abaetetuba cell by those who should be defending her rights , " he told O Liberal . The Brazilian government has sent two commissions to investigate . Since the case made national headlines , other cases of women being sent to male prison cells have surfaced . "  What we are seeing here is endemic , " Tim Cahill of Amnesty International said . Watch Cahill discuss a ` horrific ' level of abuse " Human rights groups and more than 16 local associations are planning a large protest this Sunday , the international Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women . E-mail to a friend	Teenage girl says she was put in a prison cell with 20 male inmates Alleged victim says she was tortured and forced to have sex for food The girl and her father are in a witness protection program The Brazilian government sends two commissions to investigate
The Fed Express rolls out of Shanghai with no signs of slowing down yet . Roger Federer beat Frenchman Gilles Simon to win his first Shanghai Masters crown Sunday and his fourth title of the season . The victory will move him above Rafael Nadal , who has been laid low with appendicitis , and up to second in the world rankings . "  Usually everything slows down at the end of the season , " Federer told reporters in China . "  Not for me this time . "  This year everything is going really well . I have so many highlights to look forward to for the end of the season , which is nice . " With just a handful of events to go until next month 's season finale in London , Federer could still mathematically challenge Novak Djokovic to end the year as the world No. 1 . The 33-year-old Swiss ace beat Djokovic - who arguably inflicted more pain by defeating Federer in the summer 's Wimbledon final -- in the semifinals in Shanghai . "  I 'm not even going to change my schedule because of it , " Federer reflected on the possibility of regaining the number one spot . "  I have n't thought about it , to be quite honest . I mean , it 's in Novak 's racquet . He dictates . "  But nevertheless , I 'm still going to be playing and hopefully playing well again . " Federer did not have it easy against Simon , who took the Swiss to a tiebreak in the opening set and had set point at 6-5 up . But the 17-time grand slam champion snuffed out the threat to take the first set breaker 8-6 . The match was settled by another tiebreak in the second set which Federer duly closed out more comfortably for a 76 76 victory . There was more good news for Swiss tennis fans as Stan Wawrinka qualified for the World Tour Finals in London . Federer , Djokovic , Nadal and Wawrinka are the only four qualifiers so far in the elite eight-man competitions , which begins on 9 November .	Roger Federer wins first Shanghai Masters title with victory over Gilles Simon The 33-year-old Swiss will now move above Rafael Nadal in world rankings Federer says he wo n't change schedule for chance to regain world No. 1 spot But the 17-time grand slam champion says he 's not slowing down yet
A Turkish court ruled Wednesday that the country 's ban on Twitter violates the right to free expression and demanded that citizens ' access to the popular microblogging service be restored . Three people filed complaints to the Constitutional Court after the Telecommunications Directorate blocked access to the social media website Twitter . The court sent its decision to the Telecommunications Directorate and the Transportation , Maritime and Communication Ministry , asking that necessary measures to restore the service be taken . Speaking to the daily newspaper Hurriyet , Metin Feyzioglu , president of the Union of Turkish Bar Associations , said , "  If they do n't abide by the ruling , we will file a criminal complaint against the  Telecommunications Directorate  by attaching the ruling of the Constitutional Court . " A lower court overturned the Twitter ban last week , but access to the service has not been restored . Blaming social media for fueling anti-government rhetoric , Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatened to "  eradicate " Twitter at a campaign rally in Bursa on March 20 . Within hours , Turkish Internet users were reporting widespread disruptions to Twitter . Outrage ensued as the hashtags #TwitterisblockedinTurkey and #DictatorErdogan began trending worldwide . Freedom of expression campaign group Index on Censorship said the ban , which it called "  censorship of which the worst authoritarian regimes would be proud " was "  emblematic of the increasingly authoritarian tendencies " of Erdogan . Wednesday 's court ruling did not address a YouTube ban that took place less than a week after Twitter was blocked .	Turkish court rules country 's ban on Twitter violates right to free expression Lower court overturned ban last week , but government has yet to restore service Prime Minister has blamed social media for fueling anti-government rhetoric Wednesday 's ruling did not address a YouTube ban that came after one on Twitter
CNN  -- Bruno Senna has signed for Formula One constructor Williams 18 years after his uncle , former three-time world champion Ayrton , died driving for the team . The Brazilian will partner Pastor Maldonado when the 2012 F1 season gets underway in Australia on March 18 , replacing veteran compatriot Rubens Barrichello . Bruno 's uncle Ayrton is one of the greatest drivers the sport has seen , winning drivers ' championship crowns in 1988 , 1990 and 1991 before he died in a crash at the San Marino Grand Prix in 1994 . It was only his third race for Williams . Williams ' cars have carried his name ever since the tragedy at the Imola racing circuit , and Bruno , who made his debut for HRT in 2010 , says he is excited to follow in his uncle 's footsteps . Ferrari 's Alonso slams F1 testing rules "  It will be very interesting to drive for a team that my uncle has driven for , particularly as quite a few of the people here actually worked with Ayrton , " the 28-year-old told Williams ' website . "  Hopefully we can bring back some memories and create some great new ones too . I also want to get some good results in return for the support my country has given me to help get me to this position today . "  I am very proud to be Brazilian and more motivated than ever to demonstrate what I can do . Ever since I first sat in a go-kart I never wanted to do anything else . " Team principal Frank Williams , who was in charge of Williams when Ayrton Senna died , said he was looking forward to seeing Bruno compete at the highest level . The driver struggled with HRT in the team 's debut season , then moved to Renault as a reserve driver before replacing Nick Heidfeld for the final eight races of 2011 , but scored points in just one of his eight races as he finished ninth at the Italian Grand Prix . "  The circumstances of Bruno 's two seasons in Formula One have not given him an ideal opportunity to deliver consistently so it was essential that we spent as much time with him as possible to understand and evaluate him as a driver , " he said . "  We have done this both on track and in our simulator and he has proven quick , technically insightful and above all capable of learning and applying his learning quickly and consistently . Now we are looking forward to seeing that talent in our race car . " Senna 's deal with Williams could spell the end of Barrichello 's Formula One career as the 39-year-old is now without a team with the new season two months away . He said on his official Twitter account : "  I wo n't be driving the Williams car this year . I wish my friend @BSenna all the best . . the future is wide open . " HRT is the only team with a seat available , having yet to confirm a race partner for Pedro de la Rosa .	Bruno Senna joins Formula One constructor Williams for the 2012 season Senna is nephew of three-time world champion Ayrton , who died 18 years ago Ayrton was driving for Williams when he was killed in San Marino in 1994 Bruno will partner Pastor Maldonado when new Formula One season begins
CNN  -- She 's just 19 but Hyo Joo Kim is already showing she 's ready for the big time after recording the lowest ever round at a major championship . The South Korean star hit an astonishing 61 in the opening round of the Evian Championship on Thursday to break the previous women 's record by one-shot and the men 's best by two . Kim led Australia 's Karrie Webb by four shots going into Friday 's action on the course where she finished fourth as an amateur two years ago . Her round included 10 birdies as she surpassed the previous record set by Minea Blomqvist and Lorena Ochoa . "  I like hard courses , so I like it , " said Kim . "  I felt comfortable . " While Kim enjoyed a stellar day on the course , U.S Open champion Michelle Wie endured a difficult time after being forced to quit after just 13 holes . Wie , who only returned to action last week after a month out with a finger injury , suffered a recurrence of the problem . "  I was out there and I knew I should have stopped earlier but I was having so much fun out there I wanted to keep playing . "  But it got to the point where it was too painful . So I just made the smart decision to not play . "	Hyo Joo Kim shot a record low major championship round of 61 South Korean beat previous record by one shot 19-year-old hit 10 birdies during opening round Michelle Wie forced to quit with finger injury
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- A German woman held hostage in Iraq since February has been freed , but her son was still being held , German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier said Wednesday . An image taken from a video issued in April shows Hannelore Marianne Krause and her son Sinan . The woman , Hannelore Marianne Krause , was taken to Germany 's embassy in Baghdad after being taken captive with her adult son 155 days earlier . Steinmeier said he was "  very relieved " Krause was released on Tuesday , yet there still remains "  a great deal of uncertainty " about her son , who "  remains in captivity . " "  Rest assured we will do everything in our power to reach her son , Sinan , " the foreign minister said . In early March , Iraqi militants holding Krause and her son hostage demanded that Germany withdraw its troops from Afghanistan to ensure their safety . As part of NATO 's Afghanistan force , Germany sent about 3,000 troops in the relatively peaceful northern part of the country . German troops also help train Iraqi soldiers and police , but not in Iraq . The Arrows of Righteousness group posted video clips on the Internet , threatening to kill the two in 10 days if Berlin did not comply . CNN could not independently confirm the authenticity of the video . In it , the woman identified as Krause urged German Chancellor Angela Merkel to heed the demands . A passport with Krause 's name was shown in the video . While sitting next to her son , Krause tells Merkel , "  These people want to kill my son in front of my eyes , and then they 'll kill me , if the German troops did not withdraw out of Afghanistan . " She and her son clutch each other and cry as they speak while three militants , two armed with large assault rifles , stand behind the pair . "  They are not joking , and they 'll kill us . I am very tired . Please help me . Take any decision or we will be killed . " Reading a prepared statement , one of the militants says , "  We have warned you . Otherwise you will not see their bodies . " "  Muslims are all one nation , and have one religion . It is not acceptable that Germany leads the coalition troops in Afghanistan , and attacks the secured villages and claim it is not fighting in Iraq . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Diana Magnay contributed to this report .	German foreign minister says woman was released after 155 days Germany will continue efforts to free her adult son , who remains in captivity In video , militants had demanded that German troops leave Afghanistan
CNN  -- Google 's ambitious plan to offer a 3-D street level view of communities across three continents hit a snag when angry residents of a UK village blocked the search engine 's camera car from photographing their homes . Broughton , can be seen from the air on Google Earth , but not from the ground . Fearing the appearance of their well appointed properties on the Web site would attract criminals scouting for burglary targets , villagers in Broughton , north of London , summoned the police after spotting the car . "  I was upstairs when I spotted the camera car driving down the lane , " resident Paul Jacobs told The Times of London . "  My immediate reaction was anger : How dare anyone take a photograph of my home without my consent ? I ran outside to flag the car down and told the driver he was not only invading our privacy but also facilitating crime . "  This is an affluent area . We 've already had three burglaries locally in the past six weeks . If our houses are plastered all over Google it 's an invitation for more criminals to strike . I was determined to make a stand , so I called the police . " Google 's Street View project to map 360-degree images of roads and homes across the world has generated numerous complaints over privacy , despite automated software that blurs faces and car licence plates . A Google spokesman , quoted by the UK Press Association , said : "  Embarking on new projects , we sometimes encounter unexpected challenges , and Street View has been no exception . "  We know that some people are uncomfortable with images of their houses or cars being included in the product , which is why we provide an easy way to request removal of imagery . Most imagery requests are processed within hours . " The spokesman added : "  We take privacy very seriously , and we were careful to ensure that all images in our Street View service abide by UK law . "	Villagers in Broughton summoned police after Google car arrived Residents say the Street View service will help burglars scout targets Google says it is n't breaking any laws
CNN  -- This story is about a U.S. senator 's alleged trips on a private plane to the Caribbean for sex parties with prostitutes . If it proves to be true , it would most likely topple a powerful politician and affect President Barack Obama 's ability to pass legislation . If it is false , it would raise questions about how government watchdog groups and the media handle anonymous tipsters and their information . The senator is New Jersey 's Robert Menendez , a 59-year-old divorced father of two who is set to become chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee . His Senate website calls Menendez "  a fighter for New Jersey families . " Menendez denied the story in a statement issued Wednesday by his Senate office : "  Any allegations of engaging with prostitutes are manufactured by a politically-motivated right-wing blog and are false . " The "  right-wing blog " Menendez is accusing of manufacturing the allegations is The Daily Caller , an online publication founded by conservative commentator Tucker Carlson and Neil Patel , a former adviser to former Vice President Dick Cheney . The Daily Caller published its first reports on the allegations in early November just before the election . The stories were based on interviews with two women and a Dominican Republic official -- all unidentified . That prompted a denial then by the Democratic senator . He was easily re-elected . But the latest allegations are based on documents published by a "  non-partisan " Washington watchdog group -- Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington , known as CREW . It would be a stretch to call CREW "  right-wing , " considering Executive Director Melanie Sloan served as minority counsel for the House Judiciary Committee under Rep. John Conyers , D-Michigan , before being hired by the Clinton Justice Department to be an assistant U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia . In fact , a quick online search finds blogs accusing CREW of being a "  left-wing " group . CREW published an e-mail this week it received last April from a man who identified himself as Peter Williams . "  My duty as a U.S. citizen obligates me to report what I consider to be a grave violation of the most fundamental codes of conduct that a politician of my country must follow , " the tipster wrote . E-mails sent by Williams included statements from women detailing what they said were sex parties in a house and on a yacht in the Dominican Republic owned by Dr. Salomon Melgen , a south Florida ophthalmologist . One e-mail purported to include a statement from a woman who said she was paid to have sex with the senator several times when she worked for "  the Doll Palace " escort service in the spring of 2009 . Prostitution is legal in the Dominican Republic , but only if the prostitute is 18 or older . Williams suggested that he and the women "  will be willing to testify " about the allegations if their safety was guaranteed . His e-mail to CREW said he became aware of the alleged behavior while traveling in the Dominican Republic for "  personal and business reasons " starting in 2008 . CREW said it passed the "  numerous " Williams e-mail exchanges on to the Justice Department and the FBI in July 2012 , after the group was "  unable to independently verify the truth of the allegations . " But 10 months after the first contact with Williams , Sloan told CNN her group now has doubts about Williams ' identity , motives and veracity . "  This unnamed source said he has had this information about Sen. Menendez as early as 2008 , yet he did n't come forward until four years later , right before Sen. Menendez was up for re-election , " Sloan said . "  Further , this source refused to ever speak by phone to us , with other news organizations , or with the FBI , so , those two facts combined to seriously undermine his credibility . " CNN efforts to reach Williams through the e-mail address used to contact CREW have been unanswered . It is not known whether the FBI succeeded in talking directly to Williams , but there was a very public indication this week that the agency is investigating Melgen . Agents were seen carrying boxes from his Palm Beach , Florida , office Wednesday . An FBI spokesman in Florida confirmed there was "  law enforcement activity " at the location where the search occurred but did not mention Melgen or anyone else and did not explain what agents were investigating . In 2011 , the Internal Revenue Service hit Melgen with an $ 11 million tax lien . "  The government has not informed Dr. Melgen what concerns it may have , his lawyer Dean L. Willbur Jr. told CNN in an e-mail Thursday . "  We are confident that Dr. Melgen has acted appropriately at all times . Additionally , any issues concerning Dr. Melgen and the IRS have been fully resolved and satisfied . " Menendez calls Melgen a friend and political supporter . He acknowledged flying on the eye doctor 's plane three times to the Dominican Republic in 2010 , trips that he said were "  paid for and reported appropriately . " One of the trips involved official travel for the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee , which he chairs , while the other two were personal trips , Menendez 's spokeswoman Patricia Enright said . The senator is not required to publicly disclose information concerning personal travel , she said . The senator made a payment of $ 58,500 from his personal funds to Melgen 's company on January 4 for the full operating costs of the two flights Menendez took in August and September 2010 to the Dominican Republic , Enright said . It was an "  oversight " on the part of the senator not to have paid for the flights at the time he took them , she said . New Jersey state Sen. Sam Thompson , a Republican , sent a complaint to the Senate Ethics Committee in November calling for an investigation , saying Menendez may have violated Senate ethics by "  repeatedly flying on a private jet to the Dominican Republic and other locations ... and soliciting prostitutes . " Thompson said he did not hear back from the Ethics Committee . At an event in Washington on Thursday night , when asked by CNN whether be violated Senate finance rules , Menendez said , "  These are nameless , faceless , anonymous allegations . You should find out from them . " The Senate Ethics Committee said it could not comment . Enright said the senator assumes the committee is reviewing the matter , but he has not been contacted . CNN asked Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid on Thursday whether he thought Menendez was handling the controversy properly . "  First of all , Bob Menendez is my friend , " Sen. Reid said . "  He is an outstanding senator . He is now the new chair of the Foreign Relations Committee . Any questions in this regard direct to him . I do n't know anything about it . " "  I think the issue of the trips alone are probably not enough to suggest that he does n't have the right to assume the chairmanship of the Foreign Relations Committee , " Sloan said . "  I think if all the allegations together prove to be true , that would certainly suggest questions about Sen. Menendez 's fitness for the chairmanship and perhaps even his position in the Senate . " The executive director for CREW , which sent the Williams e-mails to the FBI , said people should "  withhold judgment given the many questions about the source of these allegations and the timing of these allegations . I think the best thing is to wait for the FBI to investigate and figure out what really happened here , if Sen. Menendez did something wrong and if not , who 's really behind this effort to smear him . " If this story evolves into a scandal and Menendez is forced to resign , the Democrats ' majority in the Senate would likely get one vote thinner . New Jersey law allows Gov. Chris Christie , a Republican , to appoint an interim senator until a special election , which would be no sooner than November . CNN 's Jim Acosta , Ted Barrett , Adriana Hauser and Joe Johns contributed to this report .	Sen. Robert Menendez denies allegation he hired prostitutes Watchdog group that surfaced allegations now questions tipster 's credibility Tipster "  Peter Williams " wo n't talk directly to investigators , watchdog head says Senate Ethics Committee wo n't confirm whether it is investigating
CNN  -- Felipe Massa has revealed that he hopes to be at his home Brazilian Grand Prix -- but he wo n't be behind the wheel of his Ferrari . Felipe Massa has been given the all-clear to begin training as he bids to return to the race track . The 28-year-old had aimed to be able to return to racing before the end of this Formula One season , but is resigned to getting fit for 2010 following his horrific crash in July . Massa is now able to begin his rehabilitation after having plastic surgery on Monday to repair the broken bone in his cranium that resulted when a loose spring from Rubens Barrichello 's Brawn hit him in the helmet during qualifying in Hungary . The operation , at the Sao Paulo 's Albert Einstein hospital , took around four and a half hours , Ferrari revealed on its official Web site . Massa told UK newspaper The Guardian that his next step was to head to Europe to use a simulator and drive go-karts as part of his fitness evaluation . He had hoped to return to action at Interlagos -- where his 2008 world championship dream was crushed by Lewis Hamilton despite winning the race -- on October 18 , but said that he would only be there as a spectator . "  That was the race I wanted to come back in , but it 's difficult to say if it would 've been possible . It will be difficult to watch it , but I will be there , " Massa said . He told Italian newspaper Corriere della Sera that he still held a slim hope of driving in the final race of this season in Abu Dhabi on November 1 . "  In 2010 I 'll be back for sure and 100 % , but it would be a dream to drive in Abu Dhabi , " Massa said . Massa will be replaced by Giancarlo Fisichella for the final five races of 2009 , with the veteran Italian having been released from his contract by Force India to take over from test driver Luca Badoer . He said he had never doubted that he would that he would get behind the wheel of a Formula One car again . "  It is my life , " Massa , who is expecting his first child in November , told The Guardian . "  For me , the worst thing that happened was not being able to race . If you ca n't drive that 's terrible . "  But my wife has already asked me , at least 10 times , ` Are you sure you do n't feel any doubts or worries ? ' "  Always , I say , ` No , because this is what I like to do . ' If I do n't drive then I am not the same person . Ever since I was a small boy this is my life . This is what I like to do . "  So I really hope , and expect , nothing will change inside me when I go back into the car and start pushing myself to the maximum again . "	Formula One star Felipe Massa has had successful plastic surgery on his skull The Brazilian driver plans to attend his home grand prix in mid-October Massa suffered horrific head injuries after a freak accident in Hungary in July Ferrari have brought in Force India 's Giancarlo Fisichella to replace him
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Shortly before President Obama departs for a trip to the Middle East , a new national poll suggests that one in five Americans has a favorable view of Muslim countries . President Obama and Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan visit an Istanbul mosque in April . That view compares with 46 percent of the people questioned in a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey who say they have an unfavorable opinion of Muslim countries . That 's up 5 percentage points from 2002 , when 41 percent indicated that they had an unfavorable view . Meanwhile , three in 10 say they have a neutral opinion of Muslim countries . The poll also suggests that most Americans suspect people in Muslim countries do n't think highly of the United States . Nearly eight in 10 questioned say people in Muslim countries have a unfavorable opinion of the United States , with 14 percent saying Muslims hold a favorable view . iReport.com : Your perspectives on the Muslim world But the poll indicates Americans seem to be split on whether such negative opinions by Muslims matter . Fifty-three percent of those questioned say they think Muslim views of the United States matter greatly or moderately , with 47 percent saying that Muslim opinions of the United States do n't matter very much or at all . The poll 's release comes hours before the president flies to Saudi Arabia for meetings with King Abdullah . Following the stop in Saudi Arabia , Obama will head to Egypt , where he 'll deliver a long-awaited speech Thursday on relations between the United States and the Muslim world . Watch the challenges Obama faces with the speech " At a town hall in Turkey earlier this year , the president declared that "  the United States is not , and will never be , at war with Islam . " Many Americans seem to agree with the president : Sixty-two percent of those surveyed say they do n't think the United States is at war with the Muslim world , with 36 percent indicating that the country is at war with Muslim countries . Those numbers have remained stable since CNN 's 2002 poll . But the poll suggests that six out of 10 think that the Muslim world considers itself at war with the United States . "  The feeling seems to be mutual . We distrust Muslims . They distrust Americans . Views of Americans have not changed very much over the past seven years . There are some indications that Muslims ' views of Americans have improved a bit since Barack Obama took office , but they are still not positive , " said Bill Schneider , CNN senior political analyst . The CNN/Opinion Research poll was conducted May 14-17 , with 1,010 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points .	Poll : One in five Americans has a favorable view of Muslim countries Poll released on eve of President Obama 's speech in Cairo , Egypt , to Muslim world Poll : Americans say they are n't at war with Muslims but think Muslims at war with U.S.
Cambodia Prime Minister Hun Sen has called for an inquiry into a suspected mass HIV infection in a remote village in northwestern Battambang province . The infected cases have surpassed 100 and is believed to have been spread by contaminated needles used by an unlicensed doctor , reported local media . More than 800 panicked residents of Rokar village have sought testing after reports of infections emerged last week . Some 106 people have tested positive for HIV said the National AIDS authority . "  I call for a thorough investigation into the issue , " Hun Sen said in a televised speech on Thursday . The Ministry of Health , the World Health Organization and UNAIDS have sent teams to the village to carry out more investigations and to provide free testing and treatment services . "  I urge everyone to stay calm and avoid listening to or spreading rumors , " said Dr. Mam Bunheng , minister of health in a press release . "  We should also all fully respect the privacy of the affected families and ensure they do not face stigma and discrimination , " he added . Villagers are accusing an allegedly unlicensed local doctor for using contaminated needles , reported Phnom Penh Post . He now remains in protective custody by the police . UNAIDS estimates there are 76,000 people living with HIV in Cambodia . The country has been widely praised for its progress in tackling AIDS . New HIV infections have dropped by 67 % from 3500 in 2005 to 1300 in 2013 , according to UNAIDS . Prime Minister Hun Sen announced last week that Cambodia is committed to stopping new HIV infections by 2020 . The government will allocate US$ 3.7 million of national funding to HIV treatment from 2015 to 2017 .	Cambodia Prime Minister orders probe into mass HIV infection in a remote village Health officials say 106 test HIV positive , with over 800 seeking to be tested Villagers accuse an unlicensed doctor of using contaminated needles Stay calm and do n't spread rumors , says health minister
Denver  CNN  The show must go on . That was the message Bill Cosby sent Saturday night as the embattled comedian performed back-to-back shows in the Mile High city . Cosby , 77 , was greeted with cheers and a standing ovation as he walked on stage wearing a gray sweatsuit with the words "  Hello Friend " written on the front . Cosby never once mentioned the accusations of sexual assault that have cast a shadow over his reputation and career in recent months , leading to a string of show cancellations in other cities . "  He 's phenomenal . An amazing man , " said Gina Hernandez , who showed up to support the man she grew up watching on TV . "  I do n't believe the allegations . I think that it 's strange how everyone came forward all at one time . " The theater roared with laughter inside , while protesters outside voiced outrage and disapproval . "  This is our city and we do not stand with him . We stand with the women , " Beth Leyba said . About 50 demonstrators gathered and marched , chanting , "  Rape is not a joke " and "  Turn back Cosby . " They held signs that read , "  If you support Cosby you support rape " and "  Colorado believes the women . " "  I , myself , am a survivor of sexual assault and I just find it sickening that Bill Cosby has been able to get away with this for so many years , " Leyba said . The group of demonstrators included attorney Gloria Allred , who represents eight of Cosby accusers , including Beth Ferrier , who is from Denver and has previously shared her story with CNN . "  Many people are empowered who are here today , and I 'm not going to live in fear of fame and money and power and Bill Cosby . And we 're not going to let this go away and be silent in the face of what we believe is injustice . Those days are long gone , " Allred said . Earlier Saturday , Allred held what she called a "  teach-in " at the nearby Crawford Hotel , to share the stories of Cosby 's accusers and encourage people to speak out against sexual abuse . About two dozen women have spoken out accusing Cosby of drugging and sexual misconduct that go back decades , in some cases . Cosby has never faced criminal charges . He and his attorneys have repeatedly denied the allegations . At least three of Cosby 's accusers have filed a federal defamation lawsuit against him , claiming that after they came forward with allegations , they were called liars . Cosby has no plans to change his performance schedule because of the mounting accusations and protests , according to his PR team . Promoter AEG did offer refunds to the Denver shows for those who bought tickets early and changed their minds . AEG said "  a few " refunds had been issued , but would not provide a specific number . "  I thank you , the theater staff , the event organizers and the Colorado Community for your continued support and coming to experience family , fun entertainment . Hey , Hey , Hey -- I 'm Far From Finished , " Cosby said in a statement to his fans .	Cosby , 77 , was greeted with cheers and a standing ovation He never once mentioned the accusations of sexual assault
CNN  -- After a couple of weather delays , NASA finally launched its moon research mission Saturday morning . Called GRAIL , the effort will study how the moon was formed . It will explore "  the structure of the lunar interior , from crust to core ... to advance understanding of the thermal evolution of the moon , " NASA said . Two lunar orbiters are aboard a United Launch Alliance Delta II rocket , which launched from Cape Canaveral , Florida . The crafts -- GRAIL-A and GRAIL-B -- will eventually separate from the Delta rocket . GRAIL stands for Gravity Recovery and Interior Laboratory . Once in orbit , the orbiters ' speeds will increase when they pass over formations on the moon 's surface , allowing scientists to measure those formations based on the distance between the two spacecraft . "  Trying to understand how the moon formed , and how it evolved over its history , is one of the things we 're trying to address with the GRAIL mission , " says Maria Zuber , principal investigator for GRAIL from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . "  But also ,  we 're  trying to understand how the moon is an example of how terrestrial planets in general have formed . " NASA says the mission is "  the first time students have a dedicated camera on board a planetary spacecraft . " Teachers will be able to register their classes and allow their students to explore specific regions of the moon in detail through pictures taken by the spacecraft . Digital video imaging system called MoonKAM will offer middle-school students the opportunity to request photography of lunar targets for classroom study . Sally Ride , the first American woman to fly in space , heads the project .	GRAIL stands for Gravity Recovery and Interior Laboratory A rocket carrying two orbiters launched from Cape Canaveral The mission will study how the moon was formed
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Two soldiers were killed and 14 others were injured Tuesday when a bomb planted under a military bus exploded in the Yemeni capital , Sanaa , authorities said . The soldiers were on their way to work from another district of the capital . Three of the injured are in critical condition , authorities said . No one immediately claimed responsibility for the attack . Violence continues on a daily basis in Sanaa , with thousands of troops still stationed on the streets . "  Security has deteriorated over the last two months , and people are worried . Troops are in the streets , but in the wrong place in the wrong time , " said Ahmed Bahri , a senior official in the opposition Haq Party . Yemen is home to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , believed by many analysts to be the most dangerous affiliate of the terror network . Al Qaeda has stood behind a string of attacks on government troops but denied responsibility for a bus explosion that killed five soldiers last year . Tuesday 's bus blast is the latest incident to rock the Yemeni capital in less than a week . On Sunday , two powerful explosions shook Sanaa , with one blast near the French embassy and the other near the Defense Ministry . Nearby houses were damaged and four civilians were injured . The Supreme Security Committee said Monday that the explosions were caused by rockets launched from rural areas surrounding the capital . Two Westerners , a German and a Briton , have been kidnapped in Sanaa in the past three days . The government says it has no information on their whereabouts . Neither embassy concerned has commented on the kidnapping incidents . The German was studying Arabic at a language center in the old city of Sanaa , while the Briton worked in the development sector in Yemen , Interior and Foreign Ministry officials said . Yemen has witnessed unrest since early 2011 , when mass protests first broke out . Former President Ali Abdullah Saleh was forced out of power a year later , after 33 years in office . Journalist Hakim Almasmari reported from Sanaa ; CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London .	Two soldiers are killed and 14 injured when a bomb explodes under a military bus No one immediately claims responsibility for the attack in the Yemeni capital , Sanaa Two blasts shook Sanaa at the weekend ; two Westerners are also reported kidnapped
CNN  -- Microsoft 's new video game console , the Xbox One , made its long-awaited debut last month . The real story here is n't about video games , though . A lot has changed in the seven years since the current Xbox 360 launched . Gaming on mobile devices such as smartphones and tablets has exploded while traditional console gaming remains relatively stagnant . The challenge for any new video game console is to make it more than just a fancy computer that reads game discs . So how does the Xbox One try to differentiate itself ? Television . The Xbox One is designed to be the hub for all your living room entertainment , not just games . It can plug into your cable box and pipe live TV through your console using an HDMI cable , meaning you wo n't have to switch inputs . Instead of seeing your cable company 's clunky on-screen menu system , you get a new guide designed by Microsoft that can can recommend shows and let you change the channel using your voice . Microsoft 's demos of TV on the Xbox One were pretty impressive , too . You can seamlessly and instantaneously switch between a game , Blu-Ray movie or live cable TV without fiddling with a remote control . Just say out loud what you want to watch , and the Xbox will do the rest . There are also a few content deals with ESPN and the NFL that let you manage your fantasy sports teams while watching games live . Pretty cool , right ? Unfortunately , the Xbox One wo n't work like magic for everyone , and it 's pretty clear that Microsoft has hit the same roadblocks Google , Apple and others have when it comes to revolutionizing the way we watch TV . There are a lot of cable TV features the Xbox One wo n't be able to re-create , at least at first . You wo n't be able to watch on-demand shows . You wo n't be able to record shows to the Xbox 's hard drive . And it can directly integrate with your cable box only if you have a newer model with an HDMI cable , meaning many people will have to use an old-fashioned infrared sensor instead . Fans air concerns about new PlayStation , Xbox You 're still limited to watching whatever happens to be on live TV , which , unfortunately for Microsoft , is n't the only way people watch TV anymore . We 've been through this before . Two years ago , Google introduced Google TV , which also adds a Web-powered layer on top of cable . It was an interesting concept but one that has still failed to take off with the public . The service still relies on a regular cable box , and at its core , it 's just another fancy interface that tries to improve your regular on-screen menu . Now for some good news . Microsoft still has the option to improve the Xbox One 's TV features through software updates . After the console 's announcement last week , Xbox hardware boss Todd Holmdahl told me it would be possible to allow the Xbox One to act as a DVR in a future update , just like other third-party DVRs such as TiVo . In the end , though , the Xbox One , or any other video game console or streaming box like Roku or Apple TV , wo n't be able to truly change TV until it can clear a huge obstacle : persuading major cable companies to ditch their set-top boxes and use theirs instead . Copyright © 2011 Business Insider .	The forthcoming Xbox One is designed to be the hub for all your living room entertainment Switch between a game , Blu-Ray movie or live cable TV without a remote control But Microsoft has hit the same roadblocks as Google and Apple when it comes to changing TV The challenge is convincing major cable companies to ditch their set-top boxes
CNN  -- The Syrian government has been mounting a campaign to boost vaccination among children in Syria after at least 20 suspected cases of polio were reported -- from government and opposition sources -- near the eastern city of Deir Ezzor . Though the cases will not be confirmed for about a week , "  as far as everyone is concerned , they 're treating this like polio , " said Dr. Bruce Aylward , the World Health Organization 's assistant director-general for polio , emergencies and country collaboration . WHO personnel were working with government health officials in Syria as well as surrounding countries "  to stop what 's circulating in Syria and make sure it does n't spread , " he told CNN Thursday in a telephone interview . But , given the massive refugee flows , "  it 's going to be a tough one , " he said . Wild poliovirus was last reported in Syria in 1999 . The highly infectious viral disease primarily affects young children . Initial symptoms can include fever , fatigue , headache , vomiting , neck stiffness , limb pain and , in a small number of cases , paralysis . It can be prevented through immunization , but there is no cure . The incidence of the disease has dropped by more than 99 % since 1988 . It remains endemic in three countries , Pakistan , Nigeria and Afghanistan , down from more than 125 countries in 1988 . The director of the National Immunization Program at the Ministry of Health , Dr. Nidal Abu Rashid , said the campaign also seeks to prevent measles cases , according to the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency . Public health can be among the first casualties of war , as resources can be diverted away from ensuring clean water supplies and intact sewer lines . WHO said last week that it had received the reports of a cluster of cases of acute flaccid paralysis , which is defined as sudden onset of weakness and floppiness in any part of a child 's body or paralysis in any person in whom polio is suspected as the cause . Despite the challenges posed by the ongoing civil war , the polio vaccination effort will be helped by the fact that Syria had high rates of vaccination coverage among its populace prior to the current conflict , Aylward predicted . In an address Friday to the U.N. Security Council , the under-secretary-general for humanitarian affairs and emergency relief cited the outbreak as an example of the privations endured by the Syrians and the risks they face . Diseases , including those easily preventable by basic hygiene and vaccination , are spreading "  at an alarming rate , " said Valerie Amos . In addition , reports of malnutrition have soared , and people suffering from chronic illnesses , such as cancer and diabetes , are dying for lack of access to treatment , she said . She credited the U.N. 's World Food Programme with scaling up its operations with the goal of reaching 4 million people per month -- half of them in opposition-held or contested areas of Syria . Still , she said , "  the humanitarian response in Syria remains severely insufficient compared to growing needs . " Aid workers can not reach some 2.5 million people in the country , she added . "  All humanitarian staff missions and convoys continue to require written approval , " she said , citing as "  unacceptable " and "  unpredictable " the government 's processing of visas for U.N. and non-governmental staff members . More than 100 such visas are pending , many are limited to a single entry and many of those that are issued are for insufficient durations , she said . "  There is simply no reason why humanitarian staff , whose only interest is to help those in desperate need , have not been granted visas to scale up our operations , " she said . In response , Syria 's permanent representative to the United Nations acknowledged to reporters in New York that the country is facing grave humanitarian problems , but accused Amos of having failed to properly apportion blame . "  She should know and say what are the root causes , " Bashar Jaafari told reporters , citing neighborhoods that are "  under siege by the Syrian Army because there are armed groups in these neighborhoods taking civilians as human shields . " Jaafari said his country is "  a victim of interference by some member states into its domestic affairs . " Regarding the issuance of visas , he said , "  We are issuing too many visas to too many people ; we are a sovereign nation , like any other nation ; we have our own reasons sometimes to deny a visa to this or that individual . " Jaafari said Damascus has extended visas to hundreds of people working for the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs  OCHA  , which is led by Amos . "  Any minimal cases here and there " of problems "  would n't affect the overall picture of our cooperation with OCHA , " he said . In Syria , opposition activists blamed the war for more than 100 deaths Friday in a series of incidents . A car bomb erupted in front of a mosque in the Damascus suburb of Wadi Barada , killing at least 44 people and wounding more than 200 , the Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . Other attacks resulted in 33 deaths in Daraa ; 11 in Hama ; 11 in Deir Ezzor ; five in Latakia ; three in Homs ; three in Aleppo ; and three in Idlib , the LCC said . Syrian state television reported that the military ambushed and killed more than 50 "  terrorists " in al-Otaiba , a town in the suburbs of Damascus . The London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights put the number of rebel dead at 20 . Amid accusations by government and opposition forces that each side has used chemical weapons , the Syrian government continued this week to comply with its agreement to rid the country of its stores of such arms , the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons said . On Thursday , the OPCW said its inspectors had visited the 19th of 23 chemical weapons sites disclosed by Damascus . President Bashar al-Assad on Thursday thanked workers at the ministries of electricity and petroleum for restoring services a day after much of the country was plunged into darkness by what the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency said was sabotage of a gas pipeline . According to the United Nations , more than 100,000 people have died in the conflict , which began in March 2011 when government forces cracked down on peaceful protesters .	U.N. official " Humanitarian efforts are "  severely insufficient " in Syria At least 20 cases of polio have been reported in eastern Syria The last case of wild poliovirus in Syria was reported in 1999 It primarily affects young children
CNN  -- "  Regime ! Be very scared of us We are coming tonight with intent The supporters of Al Ahly will fire everything up God almighty will make us victorious Go , hooligans ! " Chant of the Al Ahly Ultras , before the Egyptian revolution It was as if a levee had finally broken , and for once there was no retribution . Some 7,000 fans of Al Ahly , Egypt 's largest soccer club , gathered for the first match of the Egyptian football season and chanted the names of the regime and its apparatchiks they had fought for the past four years . "  F *** the mother of Hosni Mubarak ! " shouted Assad , the leader of Al Ahly 's militant ultra group Al Ahlawy , at the police in front of him . Thousands followed suit . "  Go f *** your Minister , Habib al Adly ! " This show of dissent would have been ruthlessly cut down a few months ago . But Mubarak and Al Adly -- the former Minister of the Interior and the man formally in charge of Egypt 's hated police force -- were now under arrest . "  The police would abuse us every day , " Assad said . "  Now it 's our time . " Even so , he did n't want his real name used for fear of arrest . Al Ahly took on their city rivals Zamalek in Africa 's biggest derby football match on Wednesday in a game that divided Cairo between the red of Al Ahly -- the most decorated team in Africa and a club whose identity has always been aligned with the poor , the devout and the nationalistic -- and the white of Zamalek , a side followed by an awkward squad of intellectuals , poets and outsiders . Traditionally it has been one of the most violent derbies in world football , with the match -- which ended in a 2-2 draw -- taking place at the neutral Cairo International Stadium under heavy police guard . But a few months earlier the "  ultras " among both sets of fans stood side by side during Egypt 's revolution . This may have been dubbed the "  Facebook Revolution , " but improbably it was a football revolution too , where organized fan groups , if only for a little while , played a crucial role in bringing down a government . But today that unity is gone . The Egyptian Premier League was almost cancelled amid fears that football violence between fans would destabilize the country further . It was decided that the season would continue but the league has been scarred by the upsurge of football violence between the competing ultra groups , as well as the purging of Mubarak supporters from the Egyptian Football Association , including the country 's most successful national coach , Hassan Shehata . His failure to qualify for the Africa Cup of Nations -- a tournament the Pharaohs have won a record seven times -- may have been the reason for his sacking , but his support for Mubarak meant few mourned his passing . "  Living under Mubarak was like living under communism in Eastern Europe ... nobody could talk to each other , as they have the potential to organize , " explained Assad . "  The whole concept of any independent organization did n't exist , not unions , not political parties . Then we started to organize football ultras ... to them it was the youth , in big numbers -- very smart people -- who could mobilize themselves quickly . They feared us . " Al Ahlawy soon grew into something more violent and anti-authoritarian . Members were arbitrarily beaten and arrested , fans harassed by being strip-searched or humiliated . Assad himself had been arrested and thrown in jail . Al Ahly 's football matches provided a microcosm of the heavy-handedness that the rest of the country felt on a daily basis in Mubarak 's Egypt . "  The more they tried to put pressure on us , the more we grew in cult status . The Ministry and the media , they would call us a gang , as violent , " said Assad . "  It was n't just supporting a team ; you were fighting a system and the country as a whole . We were fighting the police , fighting the government , fighting for our rights ... this was something new , a little bit of a seed that was planted four years later . " The skills that Assad and his Al Ahlawy had honed during four years of fighting the police came in handy when the January 25 revolution , and the "  Day of Rage " that took place three days later , saw the confrontation between the authorities turn violent . "  I do n't want to say we were solely responsible for bringing down Mubarak ! " Assad laughed . "  Our role was to make people dream , letting them know if a cop hits you , you can hit them back . This was a police state . Our role started earlier than the revolution . During the revolution , there was the Muslim Brotherhood , the activists and the ultras . That 's it . " And what of their hated rivals , Zamalek and their group the Ultras White Knights ? Did they join forces on the front line ? "  For a few hours , " spat Assad , as if he had made a pact with the devil . "  But I could n't do it for long . " The Ultras White Knights  UWK  were more magnanimous . One of their leaders , Ahmed , cautiously agreed to meet in Nasr City . He had good reason to be careful . Earlier this year Zamalek fans had stormed the pitch during an African Champions League match against the Tunisian Club Africain , destroying the goals and attacking the players . The UWK had been blamed . Now the authorities were arresting its leaders . The three men sitting in Costa Coffee could n't have looked less like violent football revolutionaries . Ahmed , a gentle-natured , heavy-set man in his early 20s , was a production manager . Mohammed was a lawyer ; Massoud a student . "  There is a war between us and the police , " said Ahmed . "  We are fighting them in every match . We know them . We know when they run , when we should make them run . We were teaching them  the protesters  how to throw bricks . " "  On the Day of Rage  January 28  we made a plan , " Mohammed continued . "  Every group , 20 each , traveled separately . On our own , it was nothing . But together as a group in the square we were a big power ... 10,000-15 ,000 people fighting without any fear . The ultras were the leaders of the battle . " The victory did n't come without its cost . Three were killed , according to Ahmed , "  one in Suez , one in Alexandria , one in Cairo . And a lot of injuries . One was shot in the stomach . " But would the old rivalry with Al Ahly return ? "  During the march we celebrated with each other . We were fighting with Al Ahlawy on the front line , " Ahmed recalled . "  We are trying to make a peace treaty with Al Ahlawy , because we are fighting in the same direction . "	Al Ahly and Zamalek face each other in the Cairo derby at the city 's International Stadium The two teams ' ultra groups fought alongside each other during the recent uprising They are now again in opposition following the overthrow of longtime ruler Hosni Mubarak Both teams are involved in the battle for the Egyptian league title
CNN  -- Unknown gunmen fired into a crowd of people outside an elementary school in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , Wednesday afternoon , killing one person and injuring four others , a Juarez municipal police spokesman said . "  A group of unknown gunmen were chasing down a target who ran to the Ricardo Flores Magon elementary school . He was with another woman , and they were being chased . The gunmen caught up to them outside of the school and fired into the crowd without caring about the people there , " municipal police spokesman Adrian Sanchez said . School was in session at the time of the shooting at 2 p.m. local time  3 p.m. ET  , but none of the children were injured , Sanchez said . The students at the school are in the 10-to-11-year-old range , he said . It was their first week of classes . Journalists at the scene reported children witnessed the shooting . Teachers at the school did not want to talk to reporters , saying they were still in shock . Three women and one man were injured , including the woman who was accompanying the man targeted , Sanchez said . The women who were shot were waiting for their children outside of the school . There was no indication any of the victims were involved or connected to drug trafficking , but that was part of the municipal police investigation , Sanchez said . The suspects are still on the loose . The gunmen were seen traveling in a Volkswagen Jetta carrying AK-47s , witnesses to the incident told CNN . Drug traffickers in Mexico have a reputation for prefering AK-47s . Earlier this week , the Chihuahua state government said that 225 women have been murdered in Juarez this year . Ciudad Juarez is across the border from El Paso , Texas , and has been the scene of some of Mexico 's worst violence in recent years . CNN Stringer Arturo Chacon contributed to this report .	NEW : Witnesses tell CNN they saw gunmen carry AK-47s , travel in a Jetta Man shot , killed in front of students at school in Ciudad Juarez ; 4 others injured Police : Suspects "  fired into the crowd without caring about the people there " No students were injured in the attack ; suspects still on the loose
Western Australia  CNN  Many Australians are understandably appalled by the brutal and pointless executions of Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran . The death penalty looks anachronistic and ineffective at the best of times , but to kill two people who had clearly made the most of their long periods of incarceration to transform themselves and make amends for their actions looks gratuitous and cruel . Consequently , Indonesia 's actions raise more general questions about the powers we give to states -- or , more accurately , to those who control the coercive apparatus of the state at any particular moment . As German sociologist Max Weber pointed out , one of the key features of an effective state is that it has a monopoly over the legitimate use of violence . State officials can order people to be killed because -- especially in democracies -- we authorize them to do so . We can give no more significant power to another human being than to decide who lives or who dies . And yet even where that authority is deemed legitimate -- as is clearly the case in Indonesia -- its significance is only seriously considered at moments like this , when the very personal circumstances of some of its victims become the stuff of popular commentary and media interest . Less prominent victims of state-sanctioned violence often go entirely unremarked . However disappointed we may be in the actions of Indonesian President Joko Widodo -- in whom so many inside and outside Indonesia have invested such hopes as a progressive force -- he can make a couple of claims in his defense . First , Widodo -- popularly known as Jokowi -- is Indonesia 's elected leader and is fulfilling his promise to crack down on what he and many other Indonesians see as a problem . Indonesia 's domestic political context and the need to be seen as not giving favorable treatment to foreigners left him very little room to maneuver . This is not a justification for his actions , but it helps to explain why he was so impervious to pleas for mercy . Whatever we may think about the underlying principles and administration of justice in Indonesia , at least Jokowi can claim that it is essentially a domestic issue . We may not like Indonesia 's laws , but they are being applied even-handedly within national borders where state officials have authority . Significantly , it is those same national borders that demarcate the extent of Indonesia 's leaders ability -- or even desire , perhaps -- to use their capacity for state-sanctioned violence . Other countries -- including Australia -- have no such inhibitions and regularly kill perfectly innocent civilians in the course of one conflict or another . This propensity for the application of state-sanctioned violence seems especially germane when we consider another president about whom great things were expected , but who has inevitably disappointed . After the unilateralism of George W. Bush , Barack Obama was widely predicted to be a very different sort of president and one who would not make the sort of catastrophic strategic miscalculations of his predecessor . Paradoxically enough , though , while Obama has been widely criticized for a lack of decisiveness and unwillingness to commit more American forces to the Middle East , this has done nothing to curb the use of state-sanctioned violence . On the contrary , the use of drone strikes has become a key part of America 's continuing war on terror . It is unsurprising , perhaps , that a cerebral and reflective leader as Obama is should be attracted to drones as a weapon of choice . Unlike Jokowi , Obama does n't have to confront the personal narratives of the people who die at his command . Or he does n't unless they 're American citizens , at least . The recent death of an American hostage during a recent drone strike highlights the potential for "  collateral damage " . Are these cases comparable ? Yes and no . Widodo 's executions were cold-blooded , unnecessary and highly political . Obama clearly was not intending to kill Americans , and this has only become an issue because one of the hostages actually was . However , dozens of entirely innocent women and children from other countries are routinely killed in such strikes with little comment . The key point is that we are collectively responsible for such deaths at some level or another , especially if our leaders and state officials carry them out . Do good intentions justify one death and not another ? Perhaps . Would we encourage the state to kill a thousand innocents if it meant eliminating Hitler ? Almost certainly . Would we authorize a drone strike to kill ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdad if we thought a couple of passers-by might die , too ? Perhaps . Would we permit the state to execute people ? Not any longer in Australia , at least . But before we congratulate ourselves on how civilized and humane we 've become , perhaps we should pause to consider the violence that is still being inflicted on perfectly innocent people around the world in our collective name . What was done in the name of the Indonesian state was undoubtedly awful , futile and reprehensible . Whether our moral calculus is quite so self-evidently superior is not quite so clear . Copyright 2015 The Conversation . Some rights reserved .	Indonesia executed eight prisoners including two Australians on Wednesday Two of "  Bali Nine " were killed despite Australia 's pleas for mercy All around the world , innocent people being killed by the state in our name , writes Mark Beeson
CNN  -- Young and old , they have braved the freezing cold for weeks to voice their discontent . Using snow , wood , metal and tires , thousands of protesters have barricaded themselves into a makeshift tent city , paralyzing central Kiev and refusing to leave until their demands are met . Undeterred by the Ukrainian winter chill , the demonstrators chant day and night , sometimes to the drumbeat of sticks on corrugated iron , and take to the stage to give speeches , demanding the government 's ouster and new elections . For the past few weeks , billowing smoke , large fires , burnt out tires and cars as well as smashed windows of public buildings have become familiar scenes in the snowy city as protests have plunged Ukraine , an eastern European country of 45 million people , into a deep political crisis . Some of the images beamed around the world have been particularly dramatic -- protesters knocking down a giant statue of the Russian revolutionary leader Vladimir Lenin and hacking it with hammers to loud cheers , explosions reminiscent of a war zone echoing around downtown Kiev , fierce clashes and abuse . One protester , naked aside from his shoes , was seen being kicked and forced onto a police bus . The battlefield is central Kiev , the power base of an opposition which is demanding change in the former Soviet Union state . The lines have been drawn . Batons have been raised on both sides -- between the protesters armed with petrol bombs and stones and shielded riot police firing tear gas and rubber bullets -- sometimes resulting in deadly clashes . But despite a crackdown , demonstrators ' morale is high with no sign of their labyrinth of tents , railings and metal barrels that have taken up Kiev 's central arteries being dismantled just yet . It has been two months since the first rattled demonstrators took to the streets , underscoring tensions in a country split between Europe and Russia . But Ukraine 's political unrest seems to be worsening by the day -- drawing concern from its neighbors , Western European states and Washington . Here are some key questions about Ukraine 's political unrest . Ukraine through a protester 's eyes What sparked the protests ? The protests began in November as a pro-Europe gesture , underscoring the tensions in a country split between pro-European regions in the West and a more Russia-oriented East . Thousands spilled onto the streets after President Viktor Yanukovych did a U-turn over a trade pact with the European Union that had been years in the making -- favoring closer relations with Russia instead . Angered by this backpedaling , the demonstrators demanded the EU deal be signed , saying it would strengthen cooperation with the bloc . Their daily protests soon escalated , drawing parallels to Ukraine 's 2004 Orange Revolution , which toppled the government . But with Ukraine desperately in need of a cash injection , Kiev cited the need for financial assistance if it were to do business with the EU . Yanukovych , in power since 2010 , said Ukraine could not afford to sign the deal , alluding to economic pressure from Russia . Another factor in Yanukovych 's decision not to sign the deal is likely to have been the EU 's demands that he free from jail former Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko , his political opponent . The Orange Revolution that swept him from office in 2004 , when he was prime minister , also swept Tymoshenko to power . Soon afterward , he flew to Moscow where he and President Vladimir Putin announced Russia would buy $ 15 billion in Ukrainian debt and slash the price Kiev pays for its gas . While unhappy with that , what inflamed the demonstrators even more , however , was the adoption of a sweeping anti-protest law by the parliament on January 16 . The new law included provisions barring people from wearing helmets and masks to rallies and from setting up tents or sound equipment without prior police permission . This sparked concerns it could be used to put down demonstrations and deny people the right to free speech -- and clashes soon escalated . Last week , several people were killed and hundreds of others injured in heavy street fighting . The epicenter of the protests has been Kiev 's central Independence Square , Maidan , but the demonstrators have also blocked other streets and government buildings . On Sunday , they briefly seized the justice ministry . "  The changes that occurred after the Orange Revolution were n't simply deep enough . This time around , it appears that the disenchantment is so strong that there is a genuine opportunity to make a fresh start , " said Dalibor Rohac , policy analyst with the Cato Institute 's Center for Global Liberty and Prosperity . "  For Ukrainians this is a chance to get on a different trajectory from the one the country has been on for the past 22 years and become eventually a part of prosperous , democratic Europe . " Read more : Ukraine protests - 5 things you need to know What 's being done to try to reach an end to the fighting ? The leaders of three opposition factions have met several times with Yanukovych and a government working group to try to resolve the crisis . They are former boxer Vitali Klitschko , leader of the Ukrainian Democratic Alliance for Reforms party ; Arseniy Yatsenyuk , of the Fatherland party ; and Oleh Tiahnybok , of the Freedom party , or Svoboda . The president 's foes have mainly been calling for the government to be dissolved , new elections to be held and for the protest laws to be absolved . On Saturday , Yanukovych offered a package of concessions under which Yatsenyuk would have become the prime minister and , under the president 's offer , been able to dismiss the government . He also offered Klitschko , a champion boxer known as "  Dr. Ironfist , " the post of deputy prime minister on humanitarian issues and also agreed to a working group looking at changes to the constitution . But the opposition refused . "  No deal @ua_yanukovych , we 're finishing what we started . The people decide our leaders , not you , " Yatsenyuk tweeted . A special parliamentary session also looked at legislation that might provide amnesty for more than 200 people arrested since the demonstrations began in late November . It was adjourned until Wednesday , when lawmakers will continue the debate . How does the situation affect the rest of the region ? Ukraine is the biggest frontier nation separating Russia and the EU . Once part of the Soviet Union , the country gained its modern Independence in 1991 following the fall of the Berlin Wall . The West -- the EU , together with the United States -- has been working on its relations with former Soviet bloc countries for more than two decades , with the aim of restoring democratic rule and improving quality of life for Ukrainians . It views the decision by Ukraine , the largest of the former republics , not to partner up with the EU as bowing to Russian pressure . Ukraine is something of a pawn between Russia and the West . For the West , the deal would mean its reach would spread further east ; by contrast , the Russians see the Ukraine as key to holding on to their turf . Putin has denied that Moscow is exerting undue influence in Ukraine . At a long-planned "  Russia summit " in Brussels , Belgium , on Tuesday , where Ukraine was high on the agenda , he said : "  Russia has always respected , is respecting and will respect the sovereign rights of all the international entities including new states that emerged after breakdown of the Soviet Union . " Putin also said Russia would stick to the loan and energy commitments to Ukraine -- agreed in December -- even if the opposition comes to power . European Council President Herman van Rompuy told reporters the bloc was ready to move ahead with the planned trade deal , or association agreement that has been at the heart of the crisis , but also urged restraint and said those responsible for violence in Ukraine must be held accountable . Catherine Ashton , the European Union 's foreign policy chief , is due in Kiev on Tuesday . Ukraine has made an effort to move toward Western ideals when it comes to politics and human rights , but the nation is still ranked 144 out of 177 countries in Transparency International 's corruption index . The Ukrainians who have taken to the streets say they want to see a better governed , less corrupt and politically liberal country , more closely aligned with its western neighbors . Ukraine 's economy has been slow to follow its western neighbors that were also under Soviet control -- Poland , for example , where the economy has grown exponentially . Many Ukrainians hope that an EU deal would offer the chance of economic recovery . How does this affect the United States ? The United States has been among the Western governments calling for an end to the violence and a solution through political dialogue -- but some say it has not been the most vocal . Washington has released several statements voicing concern about the crisis , and top officials have spoken on the phone to Kiev . U.S. Vice President Joe Biden called Yanukovych on Monday night to reiterate American support for "  a peaceful , political solution to the crisis , " the White House said . In December , U.S. Sen. John McCain , who has been critical of Ukrainian authorities ' use of force against demonstrators , and Sen. Christopher Murphy traveled to Kiev and met with the protesters . "  The U.S. seems to be treading carefully to avoid getting crosswise with Russia at a moment when Moscow 's support is critical for what the U.S. is trying to do on Syria and Iran , " said Jeffrey Mankoff , deputy director and fellow with the Center for Strategic and International Studies ' Russia and Eurasia Program . "  It 's wise for the U.S. to avoid making Ukraine into a bellwether for relations with Russia , and for encouraging both sides in Kiev to seek a negotiated settlement , but some of the Europeans are already unhappy at what they see as a lack of U.S. leadership ion this issue . " Editors ' Note : This article has been edited to remove plagiarized content after CNN discovered multiple instances of plagiarism by Marie-Louise Gumuchian , a former CNN news editor . CNN 's Antonia Mortensen contributed to this report	Ukraine rattled by anti-government protests since November Demonstrations have escalated into violent clashes Ukraine is split between closer ties with the EU and cooperating more with Russia First major government concessions made , opposition wants more
CNN  -- When I was a federal prosecutor , I had some sleepless nights . On a few occasions , it was after I had lost at trial ; I would lie in bed and think of what I did wrong . Other times , though , my sleepless hours came after I had won a trial or gotten what I wanted at sentencing . The haunting question was always the same : What if I was wrong ? Some might consider that admission a sign of weakness or a lack of resolve , but in retrospect , I see those nights as ones in which I was fully human . The cost of being wrong as a prosecutor is almost unthinkable . This is especially true in a capital case , such as the recent and tumultuous end game in the Troy Davis case in Georgia . Davis ' final appeals to the state of Georgia were denied , despite the fact that seven of the nine witnesses against him had recanted their stories . His last hope , the U.S. Supreme Court , denied his application for a stay of execution on Wednesday night , sealing his fate . He was executed shortly after 11 p.m. . The meaningful cases in law almost always involve a clash of virtues . School prayer cases , for instance , sometimes balance two virtues reflected in the Constitution itself : The guarantee of free exercise of religion , and a bar on the establishment of a state religion . In the Troy Davis case , what virtues were in conflict ? On the side of execution without further delay , the virtue upheld is that of "  finality of judgment . " That is , once a verdict and judgment are rendered , it should be difficult to upset . Victims ' family members sometimes see a promise in that judgment , and finality renders a certainty to the process that some see as promoting deterrence of crime . Congress , in passing bills such as 1996 's Anti-Terrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act  which strictly limited the ability of someone like Troy Davis to receive relief by petitioning for a writ of habeas corpus  , sought to promote this value . The Supreme Court has also repeatedly cited "  finality of judgment " as an important value in cutting off appeals . Other than the mention of capital punishment itself , it is hard to see much support in the Constitution for the virtue of finality . On the other hand , those seeking to delay the execution of Davis for reconsideration of the evidence promoted other virtues : deliberation and mercy . Unlike "  finality of judgment , " these virtues are firmly rooted in the Constitution itself and the core values of Americans . Deliberation is a predominant central virtue promoted by the Constitution . That document requires that in criminal cases , there be an initial appearance , indictment by a grand jury , representation by counsel and the right to not only appeal a conviction but to petition for habeas corpus . All of these slow down the process . Above all , our Constitution expressly mandates "  Due Process , " even when that process produces delay and uncertainty , as it is bound to do . Deliberation is what makes us civilized , and when it fails , we fail profoundly . A second virtue , mercy , is also an explicit part of the Constitution . The federalists insisted on the inclusion of the pardon power , for example , for the express reason that it gives the system some outlet for this core virtue .  In Davis ' case , it is the Georgia Board of Pardons and Parole that had the power to grant clemency  . The first signer of that Constitution was George Washington , who then lived out the virtues of that Constitution as president . He was literally the commander-in-chief ; when the Whiskey Rebellion arose in western Pennsylvania , he personally led the army to quell the rebels , astride a white horse . Just as importantly , living out the constitutional virtue of mercy , he pardoned those rebels who were sentenced to hang for treason . The Troy Davis case shows us a truth : We have wandered too far from our own best virtues . If we are to err , let it be on the side of deliberation and mercy , rather than the unsettling finality we have seen pursued by the state of Georgia . Should we choose those better virtues , we might all sleep better . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mark Osler .	Mark Osler : Courts considering Troy Davis case had to balance values He says the argument to proceed was the virtue of "  finality of judgment " He says conflicting values relate to due process and the virtue of mercy Osler : We should err on the side of further deliberation and of mercy
CNN  -- From a remote valley in Northern California , Jill Tarter is listening to the universe . Jill Tarter at the Allen Telescope Array in California , which monitors radio signals for signs of alien life . Her ears are 42 large and sophisticated radio telescopes , spread across several acres , that scan the cosmos for signals of extraterrestrial origin . If intelligent life forms do exist on other planets , and they try to contact us , Tarter will be among the first to know . Are we citizens of Earth alone in the universe ? It 's a question that has long fascinated astronomers , sci-fi authors , kids with backyard telescopes and Hollywood executives who churn out spectacles about alien encounters . Polls have found that most Americans believe that some form of life exists beyond our planet . "  It 's a fundamental question , " said Tarter , the real-life inspiration for Jodie Foster 's character in the 1997 movie "  Contact . " "  And it 's a question that the person on the street can understand . It 's not like a ... super-collider or some search for neutrinos buried in the ice . It 's , ` Are we alone ? How might we find out ? What does that tell us about ourselves and our place in the universe ? ' "  We 're trying to figure out how the universe began , how galaxies and large-scale structures formed , and where did the origins of life as we know it take place ? " Tarter said . "  These are all valid questions to ask of the universe . And an equally valid question is whether the same thing that happened here -LSB- on Earth -RSB- has happened elsewhere . " Watch a preview of CNN 's "  In Search of Aliens " series " Thanks to advancements in technology , scientists hope to get an answer sooner rather than later . Rovers have snapped photographs of the surface of Mars that show fossil-like shapes . NASA hopes to launch within a decade a Terrestrial Planet Finder , an orbiting observatory that would detect planets around nearby stars and determine whether they could support life . Such developments are catnip to scientists like Geoffrey Marcy , a professor of astronomy at the University of California-Berkeley who has discovered more extrasolar planets than anyone else . "  It was n't more than 13 years ago that we had n't found any planets around the stars , and most people thought that we never would . So here we are not only having found planets , we are looking for habitable planets , signs of biology on those planets , " Marcy told CNN . "  It 's an extraordinary explosion of a field of science that did n't even exist just a few years ago . " Then there 's Tarter , whose quest for signs of extraterrestrial life kept her on the fringes of mainstream science for decades . While pursuing her doctorate at UC-Berkeley , Tarter came across an engineering report that floated the idea of using radio telescopes to listen for broadcasts by alien beings . It became her life 's work . In 1984 Tarter founded the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence Institute  SETI  in California . Using telescopes in Australia , West Virginia and Puerto Rico , she conducted a decade-long scouring of about 750 nearby star systems for extraterrestrial radio signals . None was found , although Tarter had some false alarms . In 1998 , she intercepted a mysterious signal that lasted for hours . Tarter got so excited she misread her own computer results : The signal was coming from a NASA observatory spacecraft orbiting the sun . Today , Tarter listens to the heavens with the Allen Telescope Array , a collection of 20-foot-wide telescopes some 300 miles north of San Francisco . The dish-like scopes are a joint effort of SETI and UC-Berkeley 's Radio Astronomy Lab and have been funded largely by Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen , who donated more than $ 25 million to the project . Unlike previously existing radio telescopes , which scan the sky for limited periods of time , the Allen Telescope Array probes the universe round the clock . Each of the 42 scopes is aimed at a different area of the sky , collecting reams of data that are continually studied by computers for unusual patterns . Then the listeners must filter out noise from airplanes and satellites . "  We 're listening for something that we do n't think can be produced by Mother Nature , " Tarter said . "  We 're using the radio frequency , other people are using optical telescopes ... and in both cases we 're looking for an artificial nature to a signal . "  In the case of radio , we 're looking for a lot of power being squished into just one channel on the radio dial . In the optical , they 're looking for very bright flashes that last a nanosecond ... or less , not slow pulsing kinds of things . To date we 've never found a natural source that can do that . " Signals that any extraterrestrials might be transmitting for their own use would be difficult to detect , Tarter said . Astronomers are more likely to discover a radio transmission broadcast intentionally at the Earth , she said . Astronomers at SETI , however , are not sending a signal into space in an attempt to communicate with aliens . University of California professor Marcy is skeptical about the existence of intelligent alien life and believes our galaxy 's vast distances would make communication between Earth and beings on other planets almost impossible . "  The nearest neighbor might be halfway across our galaxy , 50,000 light-years away . Communicating with them will take a hundred thousand years for a round-trip signal , " he said . Still , Tarter remains undaunted . The Allen Telescope Array already does in 10 minutes what once took her scientists 10 days . When the project is completed , it will have 350 telescopes that , combined , can survey tens of thousands of star systems . "  We can look in more places and more frequencies faster than we ever could . And that will just get better with time . We 're doing something now we could n't do when we started , we could n't do five years ago , " she said . "  Think of it as a cosmic haystack . There 's a needle in there somewhere . If you pull out a few straws , are you going to get disappointed because you have n't found the needle yet ? No . We have n't really begun to explore . " CNN correspondent Miles O'Brien contributed to this story .	Scientists use radio telescopes to monitor the heavens for signals of alien life Among them is Jill Tarter , inspiration for Jodie Foster 's character in "  Contact " Tarter listens to the cosmos from a massive telescope array in Northern California Other experts believe our galaxy 's vast distances make contact almost impossible
CNN  Former New England Patriot Aaron Hernandez used to make crowds cheer as a rising NFL star on the gridiron . Now , both fans and foes will again be focused on Hernandez as he steps into the courtroom to go on trial on murder and weapons charges . Jury selection begins Friday , as attorneys begin to whittle down a pool of more than 1,100 potential jurors to the small group that will decide whether Hernandez is guilty of murdering semipro football player Odin Lloyd . That pool is about 10 times larger than usual , largely because of concerns over finding an impartial jury . Attorneys will select 18 jurors , including six alternates . Hernandez , 25 , has pleaded not guilty . His friends Ernest Wallace and Carlos Ortiz have also been charged with murder in Lloyd 's death . They have pleaded not guilty and will be tried separately . Aaron Hernandez 's downward spiral So far , the state 's evidence against Hernandez , partially laid out in pretrial hearings , appears to be largely circumstantial . A magistrate previously described it as "  very strong . " But it could be stronger . In the months leading up to jury selection , Hernandez 's defense attorneys , who insist Hernandez will be exonerated , have been trying to chip away at the prosecution 's case . Hernandez 's legal team , led by Jamie Sultan , Michael Fee , and Charles Rankin , has won some important rulings . Lloyd 's texts to his sister : For example , the jury wo n't hear about text messages between the victim , Odin Lloyd , and his younger sister , sent just minutes before Lloyd 's death . The judge has blocked them . At about 3:20 a.m. on June 17 , 2013 , prosecutors say , Lloyd was in a car driven by Hernandez with Wallace and Ortiz . At 3:07 a.m. , according to prosecutors , Lloyd texted his sister Shaquilla Thibou a question : "  U saw who I 'm with  ?  " Her phone was off , which delayed her response . At 3:22 a.m. , Lloyd texted , "  Nfl . " A minute later , at 3:23 a.m. he sent his last text , "  just so u know . " Minutes later , witnesses heard shots fired at an industrial park about a mile from Hernandez 's home , they told prosecutors . But Superior Court Judge Susan Garsh ruled there is not enough proof the text message meant Lloyd feared for his life , legally called "  a dying declaration . " The defense has argued the messages are innocuous , suggesting Lloyd could have been bragging about being with Hernandez . Some legal experts are surprised those texts were ruled inadmissible . "  They appear relevant , " said University of New Hampshire law professor Michael McCann . "  They signal what the victim was thinking before he was killed and they arguably refer to the defendant as well , " he added . If they had been admitted , McCann said , the defense and prosecution could have debated the meaning and let the jurors weigh the arguments Hernandez 's texts to Lloyd : Jurors will , however , be able to see texts between Hernandez and Lloyd from earlier that night when the football player invited Lloyd to hang out . Who 's who in the case against Hernandez The weapon : It 's never been found . That could be a problem for jurors . In court papers , prosecutors have suggested the gun may have been thrown away by Hernandez 's fiancee , Shayanna Jenkins . She 's on the prosecution witness list but has denied any knowledge of the weapon , believed to be a .45 - caliber handgun , according to documents . She has been accused of lying to a grand jury and has pleaded not guilty to the perjury charge . The surveillance video : Prosecutors will be able to show Hernandez on his home surveillance video system walking toward his basement door holding what prosecutors say appears to be a gun . The authorities say the video was recorded shortly after he returned home the night in question , minutes after witnesses reported hearing gunshots in the industrial park . Investigators say a vehicle that appears to match the description of a car rented by Hernandez is seen on security cameras driving through the industrial park , allegedly with Hernandez , Wallace , Ortiz , and Lloyd inside . But it 's unclear who fired the fatal shots . At this point , prosecutors have not publicly presented their theory . Was it Hernandez , Wallace or Ortiz , or some combination ? Prosecutors have said they plan to argue Lloyd 's murder was a "  joint venture . " Under Massachusetts state law , prosecutors do n't necessarily have to prove who pulled the trigger . Under joint venture , says McMann , "  anyone who actively participates in the murder can be held guilty for murder . " The law will be explained to jurors , but will the state present enough evidence to prove it ? As late as November , with the trial around the corner , the state was still looking for more proof . In a surprising move , investigators got a warrant to search Hernandez 's home again , more than a year after their last entry . In court papers , detectives said they were looking for three pairs of sneakers photographed in a closet during their original 2013 search . They said the sneakers appear to match shoe prints found at the scene where Lloyd was fatally shot . But detectives left empty-handed . The shoes were not there . One of the unanswered questions : Why were n't the shoes seized during the original search ? Other accusations : Prosecutors also wo n't be able to bring up other accusations against Hernandez . For example , if former Hernandez friend Alexander Bradley testifies , he wo n't be able to mention he 's suing Hernandez for allegedly shooting him in the right eye a few months before Lloyd 's death . The shooting is inadmissible , Garsh ruled . Nor will the jury be able to hear that Hernandez has been indicted for shooting to death two men in Boston after leaving a nightclub in 2012 . He 's pleaded not guilty in that case , too , and the trial is pending . Garsh ruled that the Bradley shooting in Florida and the Boston double slaying are far too prejudicial and that Lloyd 's case must stand on its own . Will a show and tell help ? Prosecutors have permission from the judge to take jurors to see Hernandez 's home , as well as the shooting site . They will also be shown the location of some cell phone towers . Prosecutors suggest cell tower "  pings " could connect Hernandez to the scene of Lloyd 's death . Inside Hernandez 's home , jurors will see the layout and its multicamera video security system . Garsh ruled that a trophy case and Patriots jersey inside the home will remain in view . The prosecution had requested the memorabilia be covered up or removed so jurors could n't be swayed by Hernandez 's celebrity . But first , a jury must be chosen . How hard will it be to find 18 people , including alternates , who can put aside whatever opinions they might have and view the evidence with open minds ? With Hernandez and his family watching , as well as the family and friends of victim Odin Lloyd , we 're about to find out . CNN 's Michelle Rozsa and Laura Dolan contributed to this report .	Aaron Hernandez is going on trial , charged with murder in the shooting death of of Odin Lloyd Prosecutors can not tell jurors about texts from victim to his sister shortly before his death Prosecutors can take jurors to Hernandez 's home and the slaying site
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Supreme Court has blocked the imminent release of dozens of sex offenders who have served their federal sentences after the Obama administration claimed many of them remain "  sexually dangerous . " The Supreme Court has blocked the release of sex offenders after claims they remain dangerous . Chief Justice John Roberts on Friday ordered that the men be kept in custody while the case works its way through a federal appeals court , which had ruled as many as 77 North Carolina inmates should be released , some as early as next week . At issue is whether the government has the power to indefinitely detain prisoners who have served their sentences but could pose a public threat upon release . Such laws are known as "  civil commitments . " The Justice Department filed papers with the high court Friday , asking that any release be put on hold until the justices have more time to consider the larger legal issues raised in their appeal . Such an early release "  would pose a significant risk to the public and constitute a significant harm to the interest of the United States , " wrote Solicitor General Elena Kagan , who took office this month . The Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act passed by Congress in 2006 included a provision allowing indefinite confinement of sex offenders . A federal appeals court in Richmond , Virginia , ruled lawmakers had overstepped their authority , prompting the emergency appeal to the Supreme Court . The law was named after the son of "  America 's Most Wanted " host John Walsh . The boy was kidnapped and murdered by a suspected child molester in 1981 . Four inmates brought suit against the law . They were serving sentences of up to eight years for sexual abuse of a minor or possessing child pornography . Their detention was to have ended two years ago , but corrections officials and prosecutors determined they remained a risk for further sexually deviant behavior if freed . The inmates argued such continued imprisonment violates their constitutional right of due process . The justices ' actions means the men remain behind bars for now . The case is U.S. v. Comstock  08A863  .	As many as 77 North Carolina inmates are scheduled to be released Obama administration claims many of them remain "  sexually dangerous " The men must remain in jail for now
A Colorado school has caused a stir with an advisory that suggested women could urinate or vomit to deter a rape . The list of 10 tips by the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs was billed as "  last resort " options to deter a sexual assault . "  Tell your attacker that you have a disease or are menstruating , " read one tip . "  Vomiting or urinating may also convince the attacker to leave you alone , " read another . By Tuesday night , the list was taken down and replaced by an explanation and an apology . But it was too late . The backlash had hit the Internet , and a hashtag on Twitter was created . Conservative blogger Michelle Malkin was one of many who criticized the eyebrow-raising list using the hashtag #UCCSTips . "  New #UCCSTips for women : If vomiting or urinating does n't deter your attacker , try passing gas , " Malkin tweeted . " #UCCSTips or if all else fails , ask attacker to pull your finger ! " Jason Griggs tweeted . Police : Man raped woman he met on Christian dating website Some women on the Colorado campus said they were confused by the list . "  Tell your attacker you have a disease or menstruating ? I do n't understand how that will keep someone from attacking you , " student Leah McFann told CNN affiliate KRDO . Some on campus also wondered why the list did not emphasize more conventional ways of fighting back . Tom Hutton , a spokesman for the university , said the list had been taken out of context . "  It was part of supplemental information intended for women who had completed a self-defense class on campus , " Hutton told KRDO . Gang rape victim fights back for girls ' education Hutton said the list was created in 2006 but may have resurfaced because the issue of rape on campus had been in the news recently in Colorado . Last week , Colorado lawmakers debated legislation that would ban firearms in college campus buildings . The debate made headlines after Democratic State Rep. Joe Salazar made controversial statements about ways to protect women on campuses . "  Because you just do n't know who you are going to be shooting at , " Salazar said last week . "  If you feel like you 're going to be raped or if you feel like someone 's been following you around or if you feel like you 're in trouble and when you may actually not be -- that you pop out that gun and you pop-pop a round at somebody . And you might have just made a mistake . " Salazar later apologized for the comment . Amanpour : Fighting rape in South Africa 's ` broken system '	The list was billed as last resort to deter a rape Conservative blogger Michelle Malkin criticized the list The university took the list down and apologized
CNN  -- A wildfire that has burned more than 4,300 acres south of Salt Lake City , Utah , is 25 percent contained , officials said Tuesday . About 400 personnel were in Herriman , Utah , to battle the Machine Gun fire , as the blaze has been dubbed , said fire spokesman Marshall Thompson . Equipment on scene included 35 fire engines , a total of five air tankers and four Black Hawk helicopters , he said . But high winds may hinder efforts to fight the flames . The National Weather Service has issued a red-flag warning for winds that could gust up to 45 mph , Thompson said . The fire has destroyed three homes , and it caused significant damage to a fourth , said Nicole Martin , spokeswoman for Herriman city . Officials said on Monday the flames had crept to within 30 feet of some residences . About 450 homes remained evacuated , down from 1,600 , said Chief Mike Jensen of the Unified Fire Authority . The Red Cross was assisting families , Martin said . Members of the public were asked not to come to the scene unless there is an urgent need , as people must be escorted in the area , authorities said . Thompson said the blaze has burned 4,346 acres , significantly less than the 10,000 acres the fire 's footprint was estimated to be on Monday . Authorities expressed optimism about firefighting efforts Monday , but warned that weather conditions could cause a resurgence of fire activity . The fire was sparked Sunday by ammunition fired by Utah National Guardsmen at nearby Camp Williams . National Guard spokesman Lt. Col. Hank McIntyre acknowledged Tuesday that "  we made some mistakes , " and said steps are being taken to hold those responsible accountable . About 120 National Guardsmen are helping fight the fire , he said , and the Guard provided the helicopters being used . McIntyre said earlier the on-base firefighters thought they had extinguished the brush fire started during the training exercise , but then winds resuscitated the flames . The blaze marched north through an artillery impact area containing some potentially unexploded ordnance that , if heated , could explode , so it was too risky for the firefighters to chase the flames into that area , he said . CNN 's Melanie Whitley contributed to this report .	400 personnel are on scene to fight Machine Gun Fire The blaze has burned 4,300 acres south of Salt Lake City Utah National Guard acknowledges "  mistakes " after fire started from ammunition
A week before her death , South African model Reeva Steenkamp talked about her secure , blissful environment . "  I woke up in a happy , safe home this morning , " she tweeted . "  Not everyone did . " Four days after she posted that message , neither did she . The 29-year-old model was shot dead by her boyfriend at his house in Pretoria . She died on Valentine 's Day last year . Who is "  Blade Runner " Oscar Pistorius ? Her boyfriend , Olympian Oscar Pistorius , 27 , has been convicted of culpable homicide , the South African term for unintentionally -- but unlawfully -- killing a person . He was also found guilty of one gun charge in an unrelated shooting at a restaurant . Pistorius has admitted to shooting Steenkamp but says he mistook her for an intruder . The judge ruled that he 'll serve a maximum five-year prison term for the killing , to run concurrently with a three-year sentence -- suspended for five years -- on the gun charge . Beauty and brains Before she started dating Pistorius , Steenkamp was famous in her own right . She was a striking , platinum-haired model , gearing up for her reality television debut . A law school graduate , she had a vibrant personality and a slew of modeling gigs under her belt . As Judge Thokozile Masipa said in sentencing Pistorius , Steenkamp was young , vivacious and full of life at the time of her death . "  The loss of life can not be reversed . Nothing I say or do today can reverse what happened , " she said . A haunting message In the months before her shocking death , Steenkamp 's added exposure brought more opportunities . She was a presenter for FashionTV in South Africa , an FHM cover girl and the face of cosmetics company Avon . FHM described her as a "  beautiful , intelligent and warm-hearted woman " who had a "  wicked " sense of humor . "  She was the kindest , sweetest human being , an angel on earth , " said Capacity Relations , the agency that represented her . And her fame was growing . ' I do n't have any regrets ' Two days after her death , a prerecorded reality show in which she appeared as a contestant aired . In the context of what transpired , her message in it sounds haunting . "  I 'm going home with sort of a sweet taste in my mouth . I do n't have any regrets . I do n't have any bitterness . I 'm going to miss you all so much and I love you very , very much , " she said as she blew a kiss to the camera . South Africa 's national broadcaster aired the show "  Tropika Island of Treasure " showing a clip discussing her exit from the taped program . The show features local celebrities competing for prize money . Power couple Steenkamp was born in Cape Town but moved to Johannesburg years ago to pursue modeling . The two became an item around November 2012 , and were popular in South African social circles . She constantly referred to him as "  my boo " on social media and posted pictures of their vacations together . But phone messages read during the trial showed a couple that had some rocky patches as well . In some of the messages , she accused him of being overly jealous and overbearing . But he said he loved her and was planning a life with her . About a month before her death , the model shared a picture collage that included the runner . "  Some of my favorite people , " she described the picture . Shortly after they met , she posted a message that appeared to make a reference to their love . "  The only guy you need in your life is the one who proves that he needs you in his , " she said . They had big dreams Pistorius ' relatives said she made him happy . "  All of us saw at first hand how close she had become to Oscar during that time and how happy they were , " said Arnold Pistorius , his uncle . Both had big dreams , the uncle said . "  They had plans together and Oscar was happier in his private life than he had been for a long time , " he said . "  We are all grieving for Reeva , her family and her friends . Oscar -- as you can imagine -- is also numb with shock as well as grief . " The younger Pistorius made history when he became the first double-amputee to compete in the able-bodied Olympics in London in 2012 . He ran on special carbon fiber blades affixed to his legs . He was born without the fibulae in his legs , and they were amputated below the knee when he was 11 months old . Empowering women Before she died , Steenkamp sent out a message urging her thousands of social media followers to empower women . "  Speak out against the rape of individuals " in South Africa , she said in a post on the photo-sharing site Instagram . "  RIP Anene Booysen . " Booysen , 17 , was raped and mutilated in South Africa in February 2013 , putting a spotlight on violence against women in the nation . Steenkamp urged her followers on Twitter to wear black the day after Valentine 's to protest violence against women . A tragic end on Valentine 's Steenkamp was looking forward to Valentine 's Day . "  What do you have up your sleeve for your love tomorrow ? " she asked her Twitter followers the day before . "  Get excited . " At dawn , she lay dead in a pool of blood .	The striking , platinum-haired model was gearing up for her reality television debut "  What do you have up your sleeve for your love tomorrow ? " she tweeted day before death Before she started dating Pistorius , Reeva Steenkamp was famous in her own right
Washington  CNN  -- With longtime Republican Sen. Dick Lugar going down in defeat , Democrats were quick to paint the conservative candidate who beat him in Indiana 's primary as "  too extreme . " The result in Indiana was what Democrats had hoped for , but as the old proverb goes : "  Be careful what you wish for , it might just come true . " Lugar is the longest-serving Republican in the Senate and is known as a moderate who has been willing to reach across the aisle to work with Democrats during his 36 years in the chamber . He was defeated by more than 20 points in Tuesday 's primary by Richard Mourdock , the two-term Indiana state treasurer , a much more conservative candidate who enjoyed strong backing from local and national tea party groups , as well as some other leading fiscal conservative organizations . Mourdock says he does n't anticipate successful compromise in the Senate and hopes bipartisanship will be defined as Democrats backing the Republican agenda following the 2012 elections . "  I hope to build a conservative majority so bipartisanship becomes Democrats joining Republicans to roll back the size of government , reduce the bureaucracy and get America moving again , " Mourdock said Wednesday morning on CNN 's "  Starting Point with Soledad O'Brien . " He added that those on both sides of the aisle should not compromise their principles , saying that "  one side or the other has to win this argument , one side or the other will dominate . " Minutes after Mourdock 's victory over Lugar , national Democrats were quick to characterize Mourdock as too extreme for Indiana . "  Richard Mourdock is a right wing Tea Party ideologue who questioned the constitutionality of Medicare and Social Security , says there should be more partisanship and less compromise in Washington , and actually compared himself to Rosa Parks , " declared Guy Cecil , the executive director of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee , in a statement . "  Tens of thousands of Hoosiers who have voted for Dick Lugar their entire voting lives are going to reject a Tea Party candidate like Richard Mourdock and support an honest , common sense job creator like Joe Donnelly , " added Cecil . Donnelly , the Democrats ' Senate nominee , is a former small business owner and current three-term congressman who represents Indiana 's second district , which includes South Bend and other areas of the north-central part of the state . Cecil compared Mourdock to Ken Buck , the former Weld County , Colorado , district attorney who defeated the more moderate former Lt. Gov. Jane Norton in Colorado 's 2010 GOP Senate primary then went on to lose his general election challenge to Democratic Sen. Michael Bennet . National Democrats hope that Donnelly will fare better against Mourdock than he would have against Lugar in a general election , where moderate voters from both parties and independents are crucial in determining who wins and loses . National Republicans quickly rallied around Mourdock . Sen. John Cornyn of Texas , chairman of the National Republican Senatorial Committee , said in a statement that Mourdock "  has the NRSC 's full support and we are committed to helping elect him as Indiana 's next U.S. Senator in November . " And Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky said he fully backs Mourdock and looks "  forward to welcoming him to the United States Senate next year . " Freshman Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida , a darling of conservatives , sent an e-mail to his fundraising list Tuesday night , asking people to donate to Mourdock 's campaign . While Republicans rally around Mourdock , Democrats have the match-up they dreamed about in Indiana . They suggest that many "  disillusioned " Lugar supporters may now cross over and vote for Donnelly . And Cecil said that the Mourdock victory over Lugar "  makes the Indiana Senate race a toss-up . " But that 's not the take right now from two of the top non-partisan political handicappers . The Rothenberg Political Report is keeping its ranking of the contest as "  Lean Republican . " "  Richard Mourdock is n't Christine O'Donnell , " says Stuart Rothenberg , the report 's editor and publisher . O'Donnell was the tea party-backed candidate in Delaware who pulled an upset in the state 's 2010 GOP Senate primary , defeating longtime Rep. Mike Castle , the GOP establishment candidate . O'Donnell lost by 16 points in the general election to Democrat Chris Coons . "  While a Mourdock-Donnelly race will start off close , with some Republicans bitter over Dick Lugar 's loss , over the long haul , Democrats have a decidedly uphill fight in this Republican-leaning state , " Rothenberg added . The Cook Political Report is moving its rating of the race from "  Likely Republican " to "  Lean Republican . " "  This race is more competitive than it would have been if Lugar were the GOP nominee . We do n't feel that it 's in the toss up column now , but there 's a potential to get there , " saysJennifer Duffy , who covers Senate races for Cook . Then-Sen . Barack Obama won Indiana in 2008 , the first Democrat to capture the state in a presidential election in 40 years . But Obama 's re-election campaign may not spend a great amount of money and resources to try to keep the state in the "  D " column this November , further complicating the Democrats ' hopes of capturing Lugar 's Senate seat . As for the big picture , the Democrats currently hold a 53-47 majority in the Senate . But they are defending 23 of the 33 seats up for grabs in November .	Democrats hoped to run against Mourdock , who they say is too "  extreme " Mourdock defeated Lugar , GOP 's longest-serving senator , in primary Cook Political Report moved the race from "  likely " GOP win to leaning that way Democrats hope disillusioned Lugar backers will cross lines
CNN  -- Hosts South Africa opened the 2010 World Cup with a 1-1 draw with Mexico on Friday as the world 's greatest sporting spectacle arrived on the African continent for the first time . An estimated global audience of hundreds of millions watched as the home side 's Siphiwe Tshabalala crashed home the first goal of the tournament early in the second half to send Johannesburg 's Soccer City stadium into ecstatic celebrations . Mexico 's Rafael Marquez leveled the scores with 11 minutes left , beating goalkeeper Itumeleng Khune from close range . But South Africa 's Katlego Mphela missed a golden opportunity to win the match in the final moments as his shot bounced back off the post . Hosts denied by Marquez equalizer A deafening drone sounded around the 94,000-capacity showpiece arena as home fans greeted the teams by blowing on vuvuzelas -- the plastic horn that has become a symbol of South African football . South African President Jacob Zuma , Mexican President Felipe Calderon and FIFA President Sepp Blatter were introduced to the two sides before kickoff . "  Ladies and gentlemen , we as a country are humbled by this honor to host one of the biggest tournaments of the world , " Zuma said . "  Africa is indeed happy . This is the African World Cup . I declare the 2010 FIFA World Cup open . " Earlier , a spectacular tribal-themed opening ceremony featured a dazzling array of dancers in traditional costumes , as well as music from Grammy winner R Kelly . Archbishop Desmond Tutu was among other dignitaries in attendance but former president Nelson Mandela was absent following the death of his great-grandchild in a car crash early on Friday morning . FIFA President Blatter paid tribute to Mandela , who was instrumental in South Africa 's campaign to host the tournament . "  A dream came true even if he 's not here tonight , but the spirit of Mandela is in Soccer City , " said Blatter . Mandela misses World Cup ceremony Fans had gathered outside the stadium hours before the gates opened , many dressed in the yellow jersey of the South African team and carrying vuvuzelas and the country 's post-apartheid rainbow flag . Others displayed homemade banners , one reading : "  49 million South Africans vs. 11 Mexicans . " Another said : "  I believe we can win the World Cup ! Because this is a country of possibilities . " "  We are all so excited . We woke up at 5 a.m. just to make sure we would get here in time but we only left at 7 because we were singing and dancing at home , " Hope Zini , who was first into the stadium , told FIFA.com . "  The World Cup is inside us . We are eating , sleeping and feeling it . " Will you be following the World Cup ? Send videos , stories , photos The month-long tournament , which takes place every four years , marks the World Cup 's first visit to the continent of Africa in its 80-year-history . Ten venues around the country will host 64 matches , culminating in the final on July 11 at Soccer City . Why the World Cup is sports ' biggest occasion Thirty-two teams are taking part with world champions Italy defending the title they won in Germany four years ago . European champions Spain and five-times winners Brazil are considered the favorites . As well as the hosts , Ivory Coast , Nigeria , Cameroon and Algeria are carrying African hopes . Star players such as the current world footballer of the year Lionel Messi of Argentina , Portugal 's Cristiano Ronaldo , Brazil 's Kaka and England 's Wayne Rooney are hoping to follow in the footsteps of former legends such as Pele and Diego Maradona by writing their names into World Cup history . How you can sound like a World Cup expert South Africa 's team -- who rank just 83rd in the world -- face a massive challenge if they are to avoid becoming the first host nation to be eliminated in the first round . South Africa have won just one match in their two previous appearances at the World Cup . After Mexico , they also face France and Uruguay , who drew 0-0 later Friday in Cape Town . The top two teams from each of eight four-team groups advance to a knockout round of 16 . CNN teams up with Foursquare for World Cup The tournament could be the loudest World Cup ever due to South African fans ' habit of turning up to matches with vuvuzelas -- a plastic horn which has attracted criticism from some players and officials because of its ear-splitting noise levels . "  This World Cup will have a completely different sound to any other , " said Pinto . "  I 've never seen anything like this , " said CNN 's Pedro Pinto . "  Africa is ready for an historic moment . You can really feel the energy in the air . " But there was sadness Friday over the death of Mandela 's 13-year-old great-grandchild , Zenani Mandela , in a car crash as he was returning home from a World Cup kickoff concert in Soweto . Mandela , an icon of black South Africans ' struggle against white rule , played a key role in bringing the World Cup to South Africa . FIFA President Sepp Blatter said the 91-year-old would be "  be with us in spirit . " "  The entire football family mourns with you and your family , and today we stand by their side , " Blatter wrote in a letter to Mandela . The World Cup is the world 's biggest sporting event with FIFA , football 's governing body , predicting a cumulative TV audience for the tournament of more than 26 billion . Just seven countries have won the World Cup , which was first staged in Uruguay in 1930 . Brazil have won five times  1958 , 1962 , 1970 , 1994 and 2002  ; Italy four times  1934 , 1938 , 1982 , 2006  ; Germany  as West Germany  three times  1954 , 1974 , 1990  ; Argentina twice  1978 , 1986  , and England  1966  and France  1998  once each .	South Africa draw 1-1 with Mexico in opening game of the 2010 World Cup South Africa is the first African nation to host the 80-year-old tournament 32 teams competing for glory ; Brazil , Spain considered favorites Fan : "  The World Cup is inside us . We are eating , sleeping and feeling it . "
Orlando , Florida  CNN  -- As I write this from a conference of 3500 Harry Potter fans outside of the Wizarding World of Harry Potter theme park in Orlando , the energy in the air around the final film is not only excitement , but gratitude . We are grateful for the bonds of friendship we have made in this fan community and grateful for those "  other friends " we know we can always visit in Hagrid 's hut , to sit down over tea and rock cakes and plot new adventures . We 've spent years being called "  delusional " for taking the Gryffindor Common Room , the Great Hall at Hogwarts , and the sweet shops in Hogsmeade so seriously -- as if they were real . As if they were nothing more than a cheap way to escape from our daily reality . But as the book comes to a close , Dumbledore reminds us that "  Of course it is happening inside -LSB- our -RSB- head ... but why on earth should that mean that it is not real ? " Reality is mysterious . And the reality is that a fantasy book aimed at children has forever changed writing , publishing , literature , music , sports , social media and social activism . In a digital age filled with families lining up for iPods , iPads and iPhones , there was one exception to the rule : For well over a decade , millions lined up at midnight to get their hands on a copy of a hardback book . Translated into almost every language as it seamlessly cuts across cultures , Harry Potter became the most requested book by detainees in Guantanamo Bay  outside of the Quran  . The reality is that Harry Potter has taught a generation to be creative , compassionate and courageous as we continue to love . For some , the final film means it 's an end of an era . Not for me and not for most fans . As we approach the final film in the Potter franchise , I 'd like to point out that the moment in book seven when a Golden Snitch Harry is holding "  opens at the close " so too does the Harry Potter Generation -- our minds , our hearts , all open at the close . Like the snitch , we "  open at the close . " The advent of the seventh movie is not an ending , but an opportunity to take what we have learned at Hogwarts into the world . The organization that I run , the Harry Potter Alliance , inspiriing fellow fans to act as Harry would in our world . We 've sent five cargo planes to Haiti , donated more than 88,000 books across the world and funded the protection of civilians in Darfur and Burma . Right now we are negotiating with the CEO of Warner Brothers to make all Harry Potter chocolate fair trade so that the Harry Potter brand is no longer associated with the practice of child slavery that is common in the cocoa trade . To date we have the signatures of more than 15,000 Harry Potter fans including four stars of the films . In a world that is , like Harry 's , often in dark and difficult times , we in the Harry Potter Generation are ready to open at the close . We are ready Ms. Rowling , Harry , and Dumbledore . Thank you for preparing us . We look forward to this last film and we will see you soon !	Fans do n't see "  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part II " as an end to their favorite story "  Harry Potter " taught a generation to be creative and compassionate , Slack says The Harry Potter Alliance is a real-world Dumbledore 's Army
CNN Student News  -- Students will learn about the history and scope of the humanitarian crisis occurring in the Darfur region of Sudan . Procedure Direct student groups to multimedia resources to learn about the history and scope of the humanitarian crisis occurring in the Darfur region of Sudan . Pose the following questions to guide students ' research : After groups present their findings , ask students : What actions do you think that the Sudanese government , the U.N. , the international community and the U.S. could take at this point in time to broker lasting peace and stability in the Darfur region ? Extension : Ask students : What lessons do you think that young people around the world might learn from the crisis in Darfur ? Challenge students to draw upon their research to create an in-school campaign to educate their peers about this humanitarian crisis . Correlated Standards Civics What is the Relationship of the United States to Other nations and to World Affairs ? Standard 22 : Understands how the world is organized politically into nation-states , how nation-states interact with one another , and issues surrounding U.S. foreign policy Level III Grade : 6-8 Benchmark 2 : Knows the most important means used by nation-states to interact with one another  e.g. , trade , diplomacy , treaties and agreements , humanitarian aid , economic incentives and sanctions , military force and the threat of force McREL : Content Knowledge : A Compendium of Standards and Benchmarks for K-12 Education  Copyright 2000 McREL  is published online by Mid-continent Research for Education and Learning  McREL   http://www.mcrel.org/standards-benchmarks  , 2550 S. Parker Road , Suite 500 , Aurora , CO 80014 World History Era 9 - The 20th Century Since 1945 : Promises and Paradoxes Standard 44 : Understands the search for community , stability , and peace in an interdependent world Level II Grade : 5-6 Benchmark 3 : Understands efforts to improve political and social conditions around the world  e.g. , the progress of human and civil rights around the globe since the 1948 U.N. Declaration of Human Rights ; how the apartheid system was dismantled in South Africa and the black majority won voting rights ; the progress made since the 1970s in resolving conflict between Israel and neighboring states Level II Grade : 7-8 Benchmark 9 : Understands the motivations , moral imperatives , and goals of specific separatist movements around the globe and the potential impact on the affected populations McREL : Content Knowledge : A Compendium of Standards and Benchmarks for K-12 Education  Copyright 2000 McREL  is published online by Mid-continent Research for Education and Learning  McREL   http://www.mcrel.org/standards-benchmarks  , 2550 S. Parker Road , Suite 500 , Aurora , CO 80014 Keywords Darfur , Sudan , humanitarian crisis , war , genocide , refugees , United Nations E-mail to a friend	Learn about the humanitarian crisis occurring in the Darfur region of Sudan Consider possible options for brokering lasting peace and stability in the region
CNN  -- Bad weather , poor planning , a lack of safety equipment . Any one could put a boater in the kind of peril that befell two NFL players and their two friends off the coast of Florida last weekend , Coast Guard officials say . Ex-college football player Nick Schuyler clings to an overturned boat Monday in this Coast Guard photo . And such incidents happen all too often . The capsizing of the 21-foot fishing boat carrying the four men to a favorite fishing spot in the Gulf of Mexico was the latest of 200 such incidents reported to the U.S. Coast Guard in the past five months . "  The oceans are an unforgiving environment , " said Coast Guard Lt. Cmdr. Chris O'Neil . "  Weather can be unpredictable . Any time you are in an open environment , you are taking a certain amount of risk . " That risk includes being lost at sea like Victor "  Marquis " Cooper , an Oakland Raiders linebacker ; Corey Smith , a Detroit Lions free-agent defensive end ; and their friend William Bleakly . The fourth member of the group , Nick Schuyler , a former University of South Florida football player , was found around noon Monday clinging to the upturned boat in rough seas about 35 miles west of Clearwater , Florida . The four men had left for a fishing trip from Seminole Boat Ramp in Clearwater Pass on Saturday . The U.S. Coast Guard is unable to provide specific numbers of how many people go missing from boating accidents like this past weekend 's , but officials say that since last fall there have been three people who have not been found after triggering Coast Guard searches . Those incidents can range from an unaccounted swimmer to a passenger gone missing after a boat sinks , said O'Neil , at the Coast Guard headquarters in Washington D.C. Capsizing is one of the leading boating accidents , according to the Coast Guard 's most recent report on recreational boating in 2007 . Officials report there were 398 accidents from capsizing , causing 204 deaths and 284 injuries in 2007 . Capsized boats cost nearly $ 1.8 million a year in property damages , officials say . Collision with vessels or fixed objects and falling overboard are other major boating accidents . Last weekend , Florida state officials recovered the bodies of a 48-year-old man and his 7-year-old granddaughter after their 15-foot bass tipped over in Lake Okeechobee , according to CNN affiliate WPTV-TV in West Palm Beach , Florida . "  The steering cable broke and the boat went out of control , " family member Isabelo Santiago Jr. told WPTV . To remain safe on any body of water , Coast Guard officials stress having the proper safety equipment and being wary of changes in the weather . The NFL players ' boat capsized off Florida in waves up to 10 feet high while being buffeted by winds up to 45 miles per hour , Coast Guard officials said . They reported 110 cases since this fall where a boat has been beset by weather . Boaters should wear a life jacket at all times , officials say , because an accident can occur so quickly that passengers may not have time to put their life jackets on . A life jacket that is bright or has deflecting tape to help catch the eyes of rescuers is recommended . Boaters should also keep a bag with flotation and communication devices , officials said . The Coast Guard encourages boaters to purchase Emergency Position Indicating Radiobeacons  EPIRBs  that can cost between $ 200 to $ 1,500 . This technology enables emergency signals to be sent out automatically or manually when a boat sinks . Some EPIRBs have global positioning devices that can help provide the rescuers with a more exact location . After a boat capsizes , passengers should always stay near the vessel to make it easier for rescuers to find them , especially in waves and high winds . Whitecaps on waves can also confuse Coast Guard searches . Schuyler , who was rescued on Monday , was easier to find because he was near the boat , Coast Guard officials say . Wayne Cathel says he and six of his friends were in a similar situation in 1993 when their boat capsized during a spear fishing trip in John 's Pass in South Florida , according to CNN affiliate Bay News 9 in St. Petersburg . The group was stranded for 18 hours before being rescued by a helicopter . "  We all had to cling on to the hull of the boat for the whole time until we were finally rescued , " Cathel said . "  You never leave the largest object in the water , " he said . "  I mean that 's what you stick with . " Sticking with the overturned vessel also helps the Coast Guard use advanced computer technology to find it , officials said . Called SAROPS , or Search and Rescue Optimal Planning Systems , the program takes into account external conditions such as weather , ocean patterns and information available about the case such as which dock the boaters departed from to map locations in the ocean where officers can search . The program , which has been used by the Coast Guard 's Seventh District for nearly two years , helps officers narrow down the location , especially critical during the beginning of a search , said Petty Officer Jennifer Johnson of the Seventh District . For the program to work best , Coast Guard officials say , boaters need to be sure to tell people where are they leaving from and their final destination . Even with the technology , a sea rescue is no easy feat , Johnson said . "  It 's very difficult to locate someone ... . It 's like trying to find a basketball in the ocean . "	Officials report capsized boats caused 204 deaths and 284 injuries in 2007 Coast Guard recommends boaters carry beacons and emergency devices Two NFL players and another boater remain missing ; one boater was found Monday "  It 's like trying to find a basketball in the ocean , " says Coast Guard official
The video of Mitt Romney deriding the 47 % of Americans "  who are dependent upon government " re-ignited a debate about social class in America this week , exactly one year after the Occupy Wall Street movement first took to the streets to protest rising inequality . At a $ 50,000-a-plate fundraiser , Romney scoffed at that 47 % "  who pay no income tax " and "  believe they are victims . " Romney 's comments bothered many Americans because he seemed to be attacking some of the most vulnerable members of our society . Aside from whether they actually "  believe they are victims , " research has consistently shown that people lower on the social totem pole suffer significantly worse mental and physical health than those better off , including higher rates of heart disease , depression , suicide , several forms of cancer and death . Yet a new line of psychological research suggests there 's another victim of inequality : the rich themselves . In fact , Romney 's comments could make him the poster child for this research . Opinion : It 's not all over for Romney In a series of studies , researchers have found that attaining high social status impairs key social and emotional skills . For instance , a 2010 study published in Psychological Science found that people of higher socioeconomic status were worse at reading other people 's emotions , a skill known as "  empathic accuracy , " a basic part of empathy . In a follow-up experiment , the researchers -- including Dacher Keltner , my colleague at UC Berkeley 's Greater Good Science Center -- made people feel higher or lower on the social ladder . Regardless of their actual socioeconomic status , people temporarily made to feel upper class had a harder time reading other people 's emotions ; people made to feel lower class showed better empathy . This suggests that there 's something about the experience of high status that hurts our ability to connect with others emotionally . Other studies have suggested that high status makes people less compassionate , less generous and less interested in connecting with others in general . Here 's why the people at that $ 50,000-a-plate dinner should care about this research : The skills that seem to be impaired by elevated status are the same skills that research has strongly linked to leading a happy , meaningful life . So as the super rich in this country assume an ever-loftier status above the 47 %  or the 99 %  , they risk depleting their own reserves of happiness . "  Being compassionate , having empathic accuracy , being trusting and cooperative -- these are keys to social connection and , in turn , happiness , " says UC Berkeley post-doctoral researcher Paul Piff , the lead author of a study that found that people of higher socioeconomic status were less willing to share money with a stranger or make charitable donations .  However , when they were made to feel lower status , they became more generous ; the opposite was true for people made to feel high status -- they became stingier . Opinion : Romney better off as a Latino ? Indeed , perhaps the dominant finding to emerge from positive psychology research over the past decade is that our happiness  and health  is largely determined by the quality and quantity of our social connections . Perhaps that 's why "  pro-social " behaviors and emotions -- compassion , empathy , altruism -- have been so strongly linked to happiness . Consider : Research by Sonja Lyubomirsky , a leading happiness researcher , has consistently found that people report feeling happier after doing nice things for others . Several neuroscience studies have found that giving to others activates pleasure regions of the brain . Research by psychologists Lara Aknin and Elizabeth Dunn has even suggested that spending money on others makes you happier than spending on yourself . And a Canadian study published last year , led by Myriam Mongrain , found that after people supported others compassionately for just five to 15 minutes every day for a week , the compassionate people reported significant gains in happiness and self-esteem six months later . These findings suggest an explanation for why , once Americans attain an annual income of $ 75,000 , more money does n't seem to bring more happiness : Beyond that point , perhaps our elevated sense of status brings with it the harmful social and emotional effects that undercut the joys of more money . Sure enough , one recent study found that people who were wealthier , or were just temporarily made to feel wealthier , were worse at savoring everyday pleasures , a key to happiness , according to prior research . The research linking wealth and empathy certainly suggests one reason why Romney has seemed to demonstrate callousness and trouble connecting with voters on the campaign trail , with his comments about the 47 % being just the latest example . In light of this research , the video of Romney carries another troubling implication : that inequality may be self-perpetuating , making the rich less likely to feel compassion for the poor , thereby increasing the economic gap between them . Opinion : Romney , Americans are not moochers But we probably do n't need to read too much research to appreciate how this empathy gap is bad for Romney 's happiness . Just look at a new Pew Research Center poll , which shows that he trails President Obama by 8 percentage points , and 43 points in the area of "  connects well with ordinary Americans . " Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook .	Jason Marsh : Romney 47 % comment bothered many as attack on most vulnerable But , he says , research shows wealthy like Romney have impaired social emotional skills More money linked to less generosity , empathy , few social connections , less happiness Marsh : Inequality may be self-perpetuating ; rich less likely to feel compassion for poor
CNN  -- Saying he hopes it sets an example for the nation , Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy on Thursday signed what advocacy groups call the strongest and most comprehensive gun legislation in the nation . The new law bans some weapons as well as the sale or purchase of high-capacity magazines like those used in the Newtown shooting in December that left 20 children and six adults dead . It also requires background checks for all gun purchases . "  This is a profoundly emotional day , I think , for everyone in this room , " Malloy said at the signing ceremony . "  We have come together in a way that relatively few places in our nation have demonstrated an ability to do . " However , he noted , "  Today does not mark the end of our efforts " to combat gun violence . With the governor 's signature , Connecticut became the third state to pass such tough measures since the December rampage in Newtown . New York and Colorado passed gun-control legislation limiting magazine capacity , among other provisions . Similar legislation appears stalled in Congress despite overwhelming public support for background checks and substantial -- although diminished -- support for major gun restrictions in the wake of the Newtown killings . Connecticut 's measure sends a message to the nation , Senate President Don Williams said Wednesday , before lawmakers approved the final draft . "  Democrats and Republicans were able to come to an agreement on a strong , comprehensive bill , " he added . "  That is a message that should resound in 49 other states , and in Washington , D.C. , and the message is we can get it done here and they should get it done in their respective states and nationally in Congress . " Despite disappointment in a provision in the Connecticut bill that allows people who already own high-capacity magazines to keep them , a gun control advocacy group praised the state legislation as historic . "  It does n't have everything we wanted , but it was everything that could be done within the political reality we were facing , " Connecticut Against Gun Violence said Wednesday in a statement on its website . Critics have argued the legislation will do nothing to stop someone like Adam Lanza , who carried out the Sandy Hook school killings December 14 with an assault-style weapon and high-capacity magazines . "  In his case , he stole the guns and went on a murderous rampage , " Scott Wilson , president of the Connecticut Citizens Defense League , previously has said . "  Limiting magazine capacity or mandating registration will only affect law-abiding persons , not criminals bent on murder . " Lanza used weapons that were registered to his mother , who he also killed that day . NRA ` plucks the bird ' to weaken gun proposals What the bill does The Connecticut measure adds more than 100 guns to the state 's list of banned assault weapons , limits the capacity of ammunition magazines to 10 rounds and bans armor-piercing bullets . While the new law allows current owners of magazines that can hold more than 10 rounds to keep them , it requires those people to register the magazines with the state , and forbids owners from loading them with more than 10 rounds outside their homes or while at a gun range . The legislation also creates the nation 's first statewide registry of people convicted of crimes involving the use or threat of dangerous weapons . The registry will be available only to law enforcement agencies . It also requires eligibility certificates for the purchase of any rifle , shotgun or ammunition , and significantly increases penalties for illegal possession and trafficking of guns . It also requires background checks for all firearms sales , including at gun shows , and creates safety standards for school buildings . Debate on the legislation was emotional at times . Sen. Beth Bye spoke for five minutes , noting it was the same amount of time that the shooting lasted at Sandy Hook Elementary School . She recalled how parents hoping to be reunited with their children were directed to a building near the school after the shootings , but "  20 of those parents came back with a state trooper and not their child . " Some people questioned whether the law deals enough with the state 's mental health system , a reference to the presumed mental condition of the shooter . The legislation allows school districts to require "  mental health first aid " training for school personnel and creates a task force to examine the state 's mental health system . Additionally , it alters state insurance regulations to beef up mental health care coverage . Newtown shooting details revealed Reassuring gun owners Republican House Minority Leader Larry Cafero , a member of the bipartisan task force that drafted the bill , reassured gun owners they would n't lose their guns or ammunition magazines , "  so long as they follow our rules and register , " he said . "  Are there tighter restrictions on their use , etc. ? Absolutely . We also were able to see as part of this legislation the repeal of early release for violent criminals . " Families of the children slain in Newtown were disappointed the larger-capacity magazines were grandfathered in . They asked had for an across-the-board ban . Malloy had backed the broader ban , saying banning the future sale of high-capacity magazines "  would not be an effective solution . " But Wilson said the magazine limits will have no impact on crime . "  It is ludicrous to expect people that have firearms capable of holding 15 rounds to only load 10 rounds inside of them , " he objected . "  Do criminals really care about these laws ? " Obama : ` Shame on us ' if Newtown does n't bring new gun legislation National fight The move in Connecticut comes as the nation is in a heated gun debate . President Barack Obama has been waging a public pressure campaign for tougher gun laws , an effort he continued Wednesday in Colorado -- site of two of the nation 's most notorious mass shootings , in 1999 at Columbine High School and last year at an Aurora movie theater . "  There does n't have to be a conflict between protecting our citizens and protecting our Second Amendment rights , " Obama said . Obama is fighting intense opposition from the National Rifle Association , which sees restrictions as unconstitutional and ineffective . Lawmakers in 36 states also have proposed legislation that would negate federal gun control initiatives , according to the non-profit Sunlight Foundation Reporting Group . Despite a spike in support for the strictest gun control initiatives in the immediate aftermath of the Newtown shootings , a CNN/ORC International poll this month found support for major restrictions may be fading . The poll , released March 18 , found that while a majority of Americans favored major restrictions shortly after the shootings , that support had fallen to 43 % . A survey released Wednesday by MSNBC 's "  Morning Joe " and Marist College found that 60 % of respondents want stricter laws governing the sale of firearms . Support for broader background checks on prospective gun owners remains overwhelming . The MSNBC poll showed 87 % of respondents support expanded background checks , with strong backing from Democrats , independents and Republicans . A poll out Wednesday from Quinnipiac University pegged support for universal background checks at 91 % . That was despite 48 % of those polled conceding that such checks could form a database for later confiscation efforts . Opinion : Did we learn nothing from Newtown ? CNN 's Tom Cohen , Paul Steinhauser and Michael Pearson contributed to this report .	NEW : Connecticut 's governor signs tough gun-control bill NEW : "  Today does not mark the end of our efforts , " Gov. Dannel Malloy says The new law adds more than 100 guns to the state 's assault weapon ban Critics say it will do little to stop determined criminals , but supporters call the bill historic
Equipment failure and human error likely caused propane tank cylinders to explode at a central Florida refilling plant late Monday , a fire official said Tuesday . The blasts at the Blue Rhino plant in Tavares injured eight plant workers , said John Herrell of the Lake County Sheriff 's Office . The situation is now contained and an evacuation order issued overnight has been lifted , the Florida Division of Emergency Management said in a news release . Residents nearby saw a pulsating glow in the sky . One Tavares resident , Norma Haygood , told CNN affiliate WESH it felt like "  bombs going off . " The fire was out by 2 a.m. , three hours after the explosions began , and authorities are investigating the cause , according to Tavares Fire Chief Richard Keith . Keith , who lives a few miles away from the fire , said he "  knew it was bad right off the bat . " "  It truly sounded like a car hit our house , " he said . There had been earlier reports of 15 missing workers , but all 15 were found safe , Keith said . Some had fled the scene ; some drove themselves to hospitals . No residents were hurt , authorities said . Texas fertilizer plant fell through ` patchwork ' of safety rules There were 53,000 20-pound cylinders of propane at the facility -- more than a million pounds in all , Herrell said . Firefighters immediately set up a half-mile evacuation area around the plant . The nearest homes -- about 50 of them -- are about three-quarters of a mile away , Herrell said . And they began pouring water onto the facility . Trucks parked at the plant went up in fireballs as the cylinders they were carrying exploded . The nighttime sky flickered in hues of orange . "  You could see the explosions from across the lake , " said Ashley McCormick , a resident in nearby Mount Dora . "  They were very intense . " 1 killed , 8 injured in blast at Louisiana chemical plant There were 24 employees at work at the time of the blasts , according to Scott Brockelmeyer , a spokesman for Ferrellgas , the parent company of Blue Rhino . He said the company is cooperating with investigators . The incident was "  as sobering as you can possibly imagine , " he told CNN . "  We 're sending good vibes their way from all over the country . " The employees perform such tasks as refurbishing cylinders and loading them on pallets and vehicles . There were some management personnel on site as well , the spokesman said . Brockelmeyer confirmed that several employees were injured and had been taken to hospitals . The plant produces 2.3 million tanks annually , and serves all of Florida , southern Georgia and southern Alabama , he said . It opened in 2004 . Brockelmeyer would not speculate on the cause of the explosion and declined to comment on the fire chief 's statement that equipment failure and human error likely caused the incident . "  The fact that there are no fatalities is a blessing , " said John Drury , the city administrator of Tavares , a community of some 14,000 people about 30 miles northwest of Orlando . "  This was a big deal , and a lot of people responded quickly . " Now , the focus shifts to what caused the blasts . The Blue Rhino facility refills propane tanks used in gas grills . The company 's tank exchange service allows customers to trade in an empty tank for a full one at retail locations . The Occupational Safety and Health Administration fined Blue Rhino in 2011 over a "  serious " safety violation involving tools and equipment . It is not clear whether safety violations had anything to do with the fire . According to Brockelmeyer , the 2011 OSHA violation was due to an air nozzle at the facility that had a missing component . He did not give CNN any further information about the component or what it does . Two dead in fireworks plant explosion near Montreal	The situation is contained and an overnight evacuation order is lifted , the state says The company says several of the 24 employees working at the time were injured There were 53,000 20-pound cylinders of propane at the facility The Blue Rhino facility refills propane tanks used in gas grills
CNN  -- At 10 Friday morning , the Russians will give Frank Hewetson the best holiday gift of all : a stamp in his British passport that will allow the Greenpeace activist to leave the country and return home to his family . The exit visa will put an end to Hewetson 's chilling saga that began in September in the icy waters surrounding an Arctic oil rig . He was among 28 protesters and two journalists aboard the Greenpeace ship Arctic Sunrise who were arrested by Russian authorities and thrown in jail . Hewetson , 48 , was on the helicopter deck of the ship , taking in a full moon and a sunset on that September evening . It was a sight to behold in the Arctic . Amid the breathtaking beauty , he saw on the horizon what looked like a little wasp buzzing around , getting bigger and bigger . Suddenly , a massive helicopter swooped down , the monstrous gusts of winds knocking Hewetson off his feet . Russian paratroopers stormed the Greenpeace ship . It was frightening and Hewetson felt queasy , his just-eaten dinner barely digested . Five days later , he found himself locked up in a Russian prison that seemed a mix between a joke and a Cold War-era novel by John le Carre . It was dilapidated and rat-infested . Some windows were broken and the central heating did n't work everywhere . "  It was like stepping back in time , " Hewetson said . He 'd worked for Greenpeace , perhaps the world 's best known environmental activist group , since 1989 and on campaigns across the world . He joined the mission to protest the rig owned by Russian company Gazprom because he firmly believed oil companies had to be stopped from drilling for fossil fuels in the Arctic . Suddenly , his life seemed severed from all that he loved -- his wife and two children in London , his dog Pluto and his passion for ping pong . Russia had not only jailed him but he , like the other Arctic 30 , as they became known , were facing charges of piracy so serious that he was looking at a possible 15 years behind bars . At home in England , those kind of charges meant the authorities had a heap of evidence against the accused . He felt "  pretty damn desperate , " he said Thursday . "  That was a very hard night for me in prison . " The charges were later reduced to "  hooliganism " which still carried a penalty of seven years in jail . Each day , the minutes ticked slowly . Hewetson passed time by reading , though it took a long time for the prison to receive books sent by family and friends and even longer to add them to the library . Author Terry Pratchett 's light-hearted writing struck the right chord . "  One had to pace one 's reading , " he said , "  because staring at the ceiling lying in your bunk with nothing to take your mind off your immediate predicament was not a good place to be . " The cell was about 18 feet by 7 feet and contained three men -- Hewetson and two inmates already there on criminal convictions . The floorboards had rotted out , the window , busted . A toilet was separated by thin , wooden panels -- a call of nature at dinner hour was not appreciated by other cellmates . The light was on 24/7 and the air was thick with cigarette smoke , something that bothered Hewetson , a nonsmoker . Hewetson got on famously with his two cellmates , a fact that is fundamental , he said , to enduring prison life . He discovered through a strange form of lingua franca the reason for incarceration of his cell mates . They played chess together once Greenpeace managed to send across a set . "  During these games I found out , quite slowly , that 'S ' was in for double manslaughter and ` V ' was in for gangland violence , " Hewetson said , referring to his cellmates . "  Despite the differing reasons for our incarceration we became very close friends . " He spent 23 of 24 hours every day in that cell . He was allowed one hour a day of solitary exercise in a small pen . He dreamed of playing ping pong , a game he loves enough to list as a hobby on his Greenpeace profile . Another lifesaver was a Russian human rights activist who visited him regularly . The British prisoners nicknamed her Mrs. Tiggy-Winkle because she  rather unkindly , he said  resembled the hedgehog washerwoman in a Beatrix Potter tale . Hewetson , like everyone else , lost a lot of weight during his imprisonment . The food , he said , was truly awful . "  The evening meals quite often contained fish heads . This mainly got flushed away as it was unpalatable even when really hungry . " The ordeal ended last week , when a sweeping amnesty program in Russia allowed the Arctic 30 to go free . Russian President Vladimir Putin has been generous with "  get-out-of-jail free cards " of late . The amnesty law freed business executive Mikhail Khodorkovsky and two members of Russian punk band Pussy Riot , jailed for a performance critical of Putin . Hewetson said he was relieved . "  I think the Russian Olympics had quite a bit to do with it , " he said about the upcoming 2014 winter games in Sochi . Hewetson hopes to leave for St. Petersburg Friday morning . In the meantime , some prison habits have been hard to shake . He does his own laundry , cooks his own noodles with a boiling ring in his hotel room and eats kasha  porridge  every morning . "  Such activity before prison would have been pretty alien to me , " he said . Despite prison , Hewetson seems committed to Greenpeace . He spoke Thursday about how dangerous drilling for oil in the Arctic is to the environment . But for now , he just wants to get back home to London , to his family . He wants to light a wood-burning stove and brew a good cup of tea . And take his dog for a long walk .	Hewetson was among 28 activists and 2 journalists arrested at an Arctic oil rig He was locked in a dilapidated Russian prison that conjured images from the Cold War He survived by reading and playing chess with his cellmates He was freed under a sweeping amnesty program in Russia
CNN  -- Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho said last week his Blues were title contenders in the Premier League . With the amount of money Chelsea continues to spend on players , many would say he was stating the obvious . And while Chelsea did n't play a fellow title contender Monday in its season opener , the club 's display would have done little to alter Mourinho 's view . Buoyed by new signings Cesc Fabregas and Diego Costa , Chelsea quickly overturned a 1-0 deficit to beat Burnley 3-1 on the road at Turf Moor . Costa , Andre Schurrle and Branislav Ivanovic scored for Chelsea . "  I think overall ,  we had  very good control of the game and some moments in the quality and style we want to play , " Mourinho told Sky Sports . Burnley 's manager Sean Dyche suggested his newly promoted side could n't match the budget of some teams in the Championship . Chelsea , though , was n't taking the Clarets lightly -- they upset Manchester United at home early into the 2009/2010 campaign and earned another stay in the top flight last April thanks partly to a stingy defense . "  We dropped too many points away from home last year to the lesser sides , " Chelsea defender John Terry told Sky . "  We had to come here and fight and want it more than them and I think we had that . But more in abundance we had plenty of possession and quality play . " Mourinho has never been shy to tinker with his lineup , and in the off-season out went Chelsea greats Frank Lampard and Ashley Cole . Another stalwart , Petr Cech , was the backup to Thibaut Courtois -- who returned from his loan spell at Atletico Madrid -- on Monday . But Terry , dubbed ` Mr. Chelsea , ' completed the 90 minutes for Chelsea in the heart of the defense and he was joined on the pitch by much loved striker Didier Drogba when the latter came on with less than 10 minutes remaining . Fabregas moved to Chelsea following a mostly unfruitful stint at Barcelona , and having previously played for Arsenal , his adjustment to the pace of the Premier League was seamless . He played a role in all three Chelsea goals . "  He really was the maestro , " said Mourinho . "  He controlled the tempo of the game . He was the man that dictated the speed , intensity and direction of the game . " Fabregas engineered the pass of the evening when he set up German World Cup hero Schurrle in the 21st minute to give Chelsea a 2-1 advantage . Only seven minutes earlier , Scott Arfield 's thumping finish handed Burnley a dream start . Costa proved in La Liga that he was one of the best finishers around , and he did n't miss from close range in the 17th minute after the ball had come off the post . Fabregas ' fellow Spanish international is being counted on to score in abundance in the wake of Chelsea 's strikers struggling last term . Costa , though , received a yellow card for diving , despite replays showing he was clipped by goalkeeper Tom Heaton . "  His play , movement and interaction with Eden  Hazard  and Schurrle and Oscar was very , very good , " said Mourinho . "  I feel very sorry for him because it was a penalty and never a yellow card . " Ivanovic , a defender , converted from a Fabregas corner in the 34th minute as Chelsea became the only team in the first round of fixtures to find the net three times . Chelsea eased up in the second half and Burnley elevated its game -- Courtois pulled off a great save to deny Arfield a second in the 49th minute . But Chelsea cruised to three points to match Manchester City , the defending champion and Mourinho 's major rival this season .	Chelsea beats Burnley 3-1 in the teams ' opening game of the Premier League season Diego Costa , Andre Schurrle and Branislav Ivanovic scored the goals for Chelsea Cesc Fabregas impresses for Chelsea in his first competive game for the Blues Thibaut Courtois started in goal for Chelsea ahead of club great Petr Cech
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- The storm called Hanna weakened from a hurricane to a tropical storm Tuesday morning as maximum sustained winds eased down to 70 mph , the National Hurricane Center said . This satellite image from Monday shows Hanna over the southern Bahamas and the Turks and Caicos Islands . Despite the downgrade , Hanna dropped torrential rain on the eastern Bahamas , the Turks and Caicos Islands , and Haiti . Hurricane warnings remained in effect . Hanna 's path and strength remain uncertain , but the latest forecast map from the National Hurricane Center predicts it still could make landfall as a major hurricane on the southeastern U.S. coast by Friday evening . Hanna 's path early Tuesday appeared to be a "  meandering " loop across Turks and Caicos , but atmospheric changes over the western Atlantic are expected to steer the storm northwestward over the next two or three days , according to forecasters . As of 5 a.m. ET , Hanna was a Category 1 storm on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale with sustained winds of 80 mph  129 kph  and gusts of up to 100 mph . iReport.com : Watch Hanna lash Turks and Caicos Islands Three hours later , it was downgraded to a tropical storm as winds fell below the 74 mph threshold for hurricane status . It could return to hurricane status later Tuesday or on Wednesday , forecasters said . Hanna 's line of fire could include the U.S. Atlantic coast from Miami , Florida , to Massachusetts , according to the hurricane center 's long-range forecast map . Charleston , South Carolina , appears in the middle of this "  cone of uncertainty , " with Hanna potentially making landfall there Friday . "  It appears that the center has been meandering , " forecasters said . The history of hurricanes that have been where Hanna is now might argue against its heading toward the southeastern United States . None of the September storms that passed within 200 miles of Hanna 's current location has gone there , with most heading into the Gulf of Mexico and others going to New England or Nova Scotia . Still , forecasters said , "  the model guidance is remarkably well clustered " in support of its forecast path for Hanna . Meanwhile , forecasters were keeping an eye on Tropical Storm Ike , which was gaining strength in the mid-Atlantic and appeared headed for the Bahamas later in the week . It had maximum sustained winds of 50 mph Tuesday morning .	NEW : As sustained winds fall off , system demoted to tropical storm NEW : Hanna could return to hurricane level later in day , forecasters say NEW : Tropical Storm Ike moving toward Caribbean Sea Hanna 's path could include the U.S. Atlantic coast from Miami to Massachusetts
Washington  CNN  -- A bevy of political and diplomatic heavyweights came together Friday to remember Richard Holbrooke , the veteran U.S. diplomat who died last month after surgery to repair a tear in his aorta . A memorial service at the Kennedy Center was attended by President Barack Obama , Vice President Joe Biden , former President Bill Clinton , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , former Secretary of State Colin Powell , and former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright . Pakistani President Asif Zardari also attended , along with FBI Director Robert Mueller and Joints Chiefs Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen , among others . Holbrooke led "  an extraordinary life , " Obama said . He "  was the leading light of a generation of American diplomats who came of age in Vietnam . " "  The list of places he served and the things he did reads as a chronicle of American foreign policy " in recent decades , Obama noted . His "  coupling of realism and idealism ... always represented what is best in American foreign policy . " He "  made a difference , " the president concluded . "  Let us now carry that work forward . " Obama announced the creation of an annual Richard C. Holbrooke Award for Diplomacy to honor "  especially meritorious contributions to diplomacy . " In an interview with CNN last month , Zardari called Holbrooke an "  extremely hard-working man " who can "  get things done which would otherwise take weeks to get through . " In a statement released last month , Hillary Clinton said the nation had lost one of its top champions . "  He was the consummate diplomat , able to stare down dictators and stand up for America 's interests and values even under the most difficult circumstances , " she said . "  Few people have ever left a larger mark on the State Department or our country . " Holbrooke , 69 , died December 13 . He most recently served as the Obama administration 's point man in the volatile Afghan-Pakistani war zone . Holbrooke , however , was perhaps best known for his role as the chief architect of the Dayton Peace Accords -- signed December 14 , 1995 -- which ended the deadly ethnic conflict that erupted during the breakup of Yugoslavia . One of the world 's most recognizable diplomats , Holbrooke 's career spanned five decades , from the Vietnam War era to the war against the Taliban and al Qaeda in Afghanistan and Pakistan , from the presidency of John F. Kennedy to that of Obama . He also worked as a journalist and an investment banker . But as a diplomat , he was plain-speaking , accessible and known for his tough-mindedness . "  I had the honor and privilege of working with Richard through many international crises over several decades , most particularly the wars in Bosnia and Kosovo , " Albright said after his death last month . "  He could always be counted on for his imagination , dedication and forcefulness . " After Obama took office in 2008 , Holbrooke took one of the toughest diplomatic assignments -- U.S. special representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan , the region the president regards as critical to the fight against terrorism . Holbrooke 's assertive style worked in the Balkans , but it brought perils for diplomats in Afghanistan and Pakistan , where long stretches of chatting and tea-drinking are the norm . He was frank in his assessments about the region and officials in both countries regarded him as abrasive , including Afghan President Hamid Karzai . In April 2009 , there were reports of a heated argument between Holbrooke and Karzai after charges of fraud surfaced in the Afghan presidential election . Karzai 's office issued a statement that described Holbrooke as "  a veteran and seasoned diplomat who had served greatly to the government and the people of the United States . " In an October interview with CNN , Holbrooke cautioned patience in the struggle against the militants and for democracy in the so-called AfPak region , a mission that he said was of the "  most vital importance to our national security interests . " "  We are determined to see it through , " he said , and he made reference to the Vietnam War and the Dayton Accords in his comments . He noted that dealing with so many foes on both sides of the Afghan-Pakistani border made the process difficult . "  A peace deal requires agreements , and you do n't make agreements with your friends , you make agreements with your enemies , " he said . Holbrooke mentioned a range of militant groups , such as the Afghan Taliban , the Pakistani Taliban , the Haqqani network , and Lashkar-e-Tayyiba , and noted that "  an expert could add another 30 . " "  There 's no Ho Chi Minh . There 's no Slobodan Milosevic . There 's no Palestinian Authority . There is a widely dispersed group of people that we roughly call the enemy . There 's al Qaeda , with which there 's no possibility of any discussion at all . " "  There is no clear single address that you go to , " he said .	Obama praises Holbrooke 's "  coupling of realism and idealism " Albright praises his "  imagination , dedication and forcefulness " The diplomat ruffled feathers in a career that ranged from Vietnam to Afghanistan
CNN  -- Football 's managerial merry-go-round swung into action Tuesday as both Real Madrid and Paris Saint-Germain ended months of speculation by appointing new coaches . Carlo Ancelotti has left PSG to take over at Real , while former French national team coach Laurent Blanc has replaced the Italian in Paris . Nine-time European champion Real has been searching for a new coach since Jose Mourinho moved to Ancelotti 's former club Chelsea earlier this month . Ancelotti has signed a three-year contract at the Bernabeu and will be presented to the media on Wednesday . Former France captain Blanc 's arrival at PSG was announced at almost exactly the same time as Ancelotti 's appointment . "  Paris Saint-Germain is delighted to announce the appointment of Laurent Blanc as coach for the next two years , " read a PSG statement . "  The board of Paris Saint-Germain has given Laurent Blanc the mission to build on last season and to continue the club 's ascendency towards the summits of the European game . " Both Ancelotti and Blanc will be tasked with improving their respective club 's performance in the European Champions League . Ancelotti will look to deliver an historic 10th triumph in Europe 's premier club competition for Real , having won the competition twice as coach of AC Milan . The 54-year-old also won the European Cup twice with Milan as a player . Qatar-owned PSG will expect Blanc to mould an expensively-assembled squad into a major European force . Blanc will have players such as Sweden striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Brazil captain Thiago Silva at his disposal at the Parc des Princes . As a player , Blanc led the France team during the greatest period in its history . He captained the team to victory on home soil at the 1998 World Cup , when France beat Brazil 3-0 in the final , before playing a central role in Les Bleus ' win over Italy in the final of Euro 2000 . Blanc has been out of work since stepping down as France coach after Euro 2012 .	Real Madrid appoint Carlo Ancelotti as new coach The Italian signs a three-year deal with the nine-time European champions PSG appoint former France coach Laurent Blanc as Ancelotti 's replacement Blanc puts pen to paper on a two-year contract in the French capital
In late 2007 , a social network called Juicy Campus started going viral at a handful of colleges . But unlike Facebook , which saw a similar buzz three years earlier as a fast-spreading social network conquering one university after another , Juicy Campus encouraged its users to talk about each other , not themselves . Instead of posting party photos and calls for homework help , Juicy Campus was a social network designed to spread gossip about your peers . And to get the best gossip , Juicy Campus let its users post anonymously . You can imagine where that went . After posts of students ' sexual exploits and even personal threats began to spread across Juicy Campus , some colleges attempted to block their servers from accessing the site . Fortunately , Juicy Campus did n't last long and was dead by early 2009 because it could n't generate enough advertising revenue to stay afloat . Today , there 's a new resurgence in anonymous social networks and messaging apps , which seem to be gaining traction in light of Edward Snowden 's revelations that the National Security Agency has access to just about everything we do online . Some big-name investors are pumping millions into these startups , hoping one will be the next big thing to take off . There are apps such as Confide and Wickr that let you send self-destructing text or photo messages . There 's Telegram , which bills itself as a more private alternative to WhatsApp . And we 've all heard of Snapchat . But two other anonymous social networks seem to have captured the attention of plugged-in techies and venture capitalists more than anything else : Whisper and Secret . Both apps have received heavy financial backing . Whisper recently raised a huge $ 30 million round , just months after raising $ 21 million . Secret snagged $ 8.6 million from big investors such as Google Ventures . And both apps have triggered a debate about whether or not anonymous apps that encourage the spread of gossip are good for the online community as a whole . By allowing users to post anonymously , these apps encourage such personal confessions as , "  I have extreme feelings of rage when people around me chew or drink too loudly . " But they also may eventually enable hateful and defamatory gossip about people . There 's also concern that people will post secrets and news that are just plain wrong , but get spun into the record as gospel . We 're already seeing evidence of it , at least with Secret , which launched two months ago and has seen its share of scandalous posts . I can tell you that my feed alone , which comes from a network of friends in my iPhone 's address book and "  friends of friends , " is full of caustic gossip about venture capitalists , sexism in tech , and a healthy amount of explicit sexual fantasies . In short , it 's not quite the kind of content a new startup with a fresh round of funding wants to be hosting . Secret has already taken a toll on some folks in the tech industry . Earlier this month , there was the case of Julie Ann Horvath , a former developer at GitHub who alleged harassment by her bosses after someone on Secret accused her of lying about her contributions to the company . Her tweets on the issue led to the suspension of one of GitHub 's founders , pending an investigation . Legendary venture capitalist Marc Andreessen , who has invested in almost every major startup in recent years , from Facebook to the recent crop of Bitcoin payment apps , caused a stir the other day when he posted several tweets saying anonymous apps are bad for society . "  There are other systems in past & present designed to encourage negative behavior , tearing people down , making fellow souls sad , " he wrote in one tweet . Andreessen did n't call out Secret , Whisper or any other similar apps by name , but it was clear what he was talking about and that he views such apps as havens for negativity and hate . To its credit , Secret has tried its best to tamp down the nasty posts . Its app now shows a warning to users not to post anything defamatory or insensitive about other people . Otherwise , Secret says it has the right to remove such posts . Whisper does n't seem to have the same scandalous cloud hanging over it that Secret does , mostly because it has a team of human editors monitoring posts for naughty content . Meanwhile , Whisper 's broader strategy under its newly hired editor-in-chief , Neetzan Zimmerman , is to encourage its users to break news . In fact , Whisper has teamed with BuzzFeed editors to curate news and trends from its anonymous posts . Still , it 's shaky to trust a nugget of news posted anonymously on an app used predominately by a younger audience . For example , Whisper in February claimed one of its users broke a story that actress Gwyneth Paltrow was supposedly cheating on her husband , singer Chris Martin . Whisper 's claims were met with the appropriate skepticism , and a rep for Paltrow issued a statement saying the Whisper post was "  100 % false . "  However , she and Martin did announce their separation last month . Perhaps that taps into the essence of why Andreessen and others are n't convinced anonymous social networks can be a long-term success . They may rise to popularity by allowing users to say whatever they want about anyone , without any repercussions . But over time you risk building a network full of lies and hate .	There 's a new resurgence in anonymous social networks and messaging apps Whisper and Secret both have captured the attention of plugged-in techies But such apps may become full of hateful and defamatory gossip , Steve Kovach says
The first leader in Egypt 's history to win a democratic election is a study in contrasts : a strict Islamist educated in southern California , who vowed to stand for women 's rights yet argued for banning them from the presidency . Mohamed Morsi , 60 , was declared president Sunday after he took 52 % of the vote to 48 % for former Hosni Mubarak official Ahmed Shafik . During the historic campaign for president , Morsi said he would support democracy , women 's rights and peaceful relations with Israel if he won . But has also argued called Israeli leaders "  vampires " and "  killers . " One analyst describes him as an "  icon " of those seeking an "  extreme agenda . " Morsi 's biggest challenges He was arrested several times under President Hosni Mubarak 's regime for protesting "  repressive measures and oppressive practices , " as well as "  rigged elections , " his party said during the campaign . At one point , he spent seven months in jail . Thousands of people gathered in stifling hot temperatures in Cairo 's Tahrir Square erupted in cheers following the announcement that he had won . Are you there ? Share your images . Morsi leads the Freedom and Justice Party , the political wing of the Muslim Brotherhood . Egypt 's oldest and best-organized political movement , the Brotherhood won the largest share of seats in parliamentary elections earlier this year . But Egypt 's highest court dissolved the legislature on June 14 . Morsi focused his campaign on appealing to the broadest possible audience . But he "  represents the older , more conservative wing of the Brotherhood and openly endorses a strict Islamic vision , " Isobel Coleman of the Council on Foreign Relations wrote in a column for CNN.com . A slogan associated with his campaign , "  Islam is the solution , " sparked concerns that Morsi could introduce a fundamentalist Islamic theocracy . He told CNN during the campaign that he had no such plans . His party seeks "  an executive branch that represents the people 's true will and implements their public interests , " Morsi told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . Photos : Political turmoil in Egypt "  There is no such thing called an Islamic democracy . There is democracy only . ... The people are the source of authority , " he said . Asked about the role of women , he vowed that "  women 's rights are equal to men . " And asked whether he would maintain Egypt 's 1979 accord with Israel , Morsi answered , "  Yes , of course I will . I will respect it provided the other side keep it up and respect it . " Morsi was not originally his party 's pick for the country 's top post . He was called on to step in after the first choice was disqualified . Khairat al-Shater was among three candidates who were told they did not meet candidacy requirements . The Muslim Brotherhood had originally pledged not to seek the presidency , but the group reversed its decision as the election approached . Morsi has served as a central behind-the-scenes player for much of the past decade , Eric Trager of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy wrote in a column for The New Republic . He was the Brotherhood 's primary point man for state security -- "  the repressive domestic security apparatus through which the Mubarak regime monitored and infiltrated opposition groups , " Trager writes . "  Indeed , Brotherhood leaders trusted Morsi because they viewed him as ideologically rigid , and therefore unlikely to concede too much to the regime during negotiations . " Morsi was also "  an icon of the extremists in the Muslim Brotherhood , " pushing for an "  extreme agenda , " Trager wrote . Morsi 's official biography on the Freedom and Justice Party website describes him as "  one of the most prominent political leadership figures of the Brotherhood , the organization that led the struggle against the ousted repressive regime in its last decade . " He led the Brotherhood 's parliamentary bloc from 2000 to 2005 in addition to serving as president of the Department of Materials Science , Faculty of Engineering at Zagazig University . Morsi was arrested several times "  due to his constantly firm stance against the repressive measures and oppressive practices of the overthrown regime , " the party said . "  After the 2005 elections were rigged , Dr. Mohamed Morsi led demonstrations in support for judges demanding independence , refusing referral of some judges to the Competence Commission to punish them for their outspoken views against blatant elections fraud . " The following May , he was among 500 members of the Brotherhood arrested , the party said . Morsi spent seven months behind bars . "  He was arrested , yet again , on the morning of the ` Friday of Anger ' on January 28 , 2011 , during the revolution of January 25 along with a large number of Brotherhood leaders across Egypt . ... When several prisons were destroyed during the revolution , and many prisoners escaped , Dr. Morsi refused to leave his prison cell . Instead , he contacted satellite TV channels and news agencies demanding the judicial authorities visit the prison and check the legal position of jailed Muslim Brotherhood leaders , to clarify if there were indeed any legal reasons for their arrest , " the party website says . Morsi declared Egypt 's new president	Thousands in Cairo 's Tahrir Square erupt in cheers as Mohamed Morsi is named president Educated in the United States , Morsi has long been a behind-the-scenes party figure He has argued for barring women from the presidency and called Israeli leaders "  vampires " Morsi leads the Freedom and Justice Party , political wing of Muslim Brotherhood
At age 16 , Rob McCullough walked into an LA Boxing gym for the first time . The teen had left home , moving from one friend 's couch to another , and now finally felt like he found a place where he belonged . "  I went to the gym and worked out , and worked out my stuff , " he says . "  That was kind of my safe haven . " After taking his first class and leaving with a compliment from the instructor , McCullough was hooked . "  It built self-confidence , " he recalls . "  At the end of the day , I felt great about it . " Life was difficult at times for McCullough and his seven siblings who were raised by a single mother . Constantly relocating , he remembers how other kids were not always welcoming when the family moved to a new neighborhood . "  I dealt with bullying growing up as a kid because I was always the new guy at the school , " he says . By the time he reached high school , a new challenge would shape his future . "  Going to a school with a lot of gangs at one point was kind of one of the things that got me to start and think , ` If I learned how to fight really well , people wo n't want to bother me at all , ' " he says . McCullough , known to his fans as "  the Razor , " did n't just learn to fight . He went on to become a World Extreme Cagefighting and five-time United World Muay Thai Association champion , making a successful career taking down opponents in the ring . From a childhood with such challenges , McCullough found both a passion and an occupation . "  I found sports . I found mixed martial arts ; it was like therapy , " he says . Now McCullough , together with LA Boxing , said he wants other children who face bullying to have the same opportunity . "  I would like to share with other kids that maybe if they are going through issues of being bullied , or they are a bully , it 's a place that they can go to to work that stuff out , " he says . Through the anti-bullying campaign , McCullough said he is sending a message to kids . "  We are going to schools in neighboring areas that we have gyms , so that these kids know there is a safe haven that they can go to . " The campaign reaches out to children by holding interactive assemblies at schools nationwide , promoting gyms as a positive resource for building self-confidence . He is n't doing it alone . Big names in the martial arts arena , such as Ultimate Fighting Championship President Dana White and former light heavyweight champion Tito Ortiz , have joined in to help stop bullying and promote their sport . "  We are guys that fight for a living , and we could obviously be mistaken for bullies , but we are nothing of the sort , " McCullough says . "  We fight for many reasons , but we do n't fight to be bullies . " For some of these fighters , the struggle with bullying is personal . "  I have interesting stories from guys that are current active fighters , " McCullough says . " I had one guy say , ' I would love to be a part of this campaign because I used to stutter and I got made fun of all through high school . ' " McCullough now has another reason to get involved . "  I have a 2-year-old son , and I started to think about it , " he says . "  What if my kid gets picked on ? " Martial arts may not appeal to all the children in the campaign 's assemblies , but McCullough said he is sure the message is true for everyone . "  I think at the end of the day it 's respect , " he says . "  Sports did it for me , and it did it for a lot of my friends that are professional athletes . It gives you something to focus on . "	Rob "  the Razor " McCullough is a top fighter in mixed martial arts Changing schools often , he spent much of his childhood dealing with bullies McCullough joined with LA Boxing to lead a nationwide anti-bullying campaign The campaign holds interactive assemblies and offers gym services to students
London  CNN  A UK public inquiry into the 2006 death of Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko opened Tuesday at the Royal Courts of Justice in London , after years of wrangling over what evidence can be heard . In a deathbed statement , Litvinenko blamed Russian President Vladimir Putin for ordering his poisoning by tea at a London hotel . The Kremlin has always strongly denied the accusation . Sir Robert Owen , who 's chairman of the inquiry , said Tuesday that sensitive material relating to possible Russian state involvement in Litvinenko 's death would be heard behind closed doors . The British government initially rejected requests to hold a public inquiry , but the decision was reversed last summer after Litvinenko 's widow , Marina Litvinenko , challenged it in court . She argued that a public inquiry would enable the fullest possible investigation . An inquest -- a coroner-led investigation that is held as a matter of course in the case of unnatural deaths in England -- had been opened after her husband 's death . But unlike a public inquiry , it can not hear evidence behind closed doors . In Alexander Litvinenko 's case , such evidence could involve matters of national security . "  The issues to which his death gives rise are of the utmost gravity and have attracted worldwide interest and concern , " Owen said . Litvinenko , a former KGB agent and fierce critic of Putin , came to Britain in 2000 after turning whistle-blower on the FSB , the KGB 's successor . He died at a London hospital on November 23 , 2006 , after being poisoned by the radioactive material polonium-210 while drinking tea at the Millennium Hotel in London 's Grosvenor Square . UK prosecutors have asked for the extradition of two men , Andrei Lugovoi and Dmitry Kovtun , from Russia in connection with Litvinenko 's murder . But Moscow has refused , saying Russia 's constitution does not allow the extradition of Russian citizens . Both men deny involvement in Litvinenko 's death . Owen said that Lugovoi and Kovtun had been invited to give evidence to the inquiry by video link from Russia and that he hoped they would do so . The public inquiry will look at possible Russian state involvement in Litvinenko 's death . However , it will not address the question as to whether the UK government could , or should , have taken steps to prevent the murder . Litvinenko is said by his widow to have been a British agent , with a handler at MI6 , Britain 's foreign security service . In 2012 , the counsel to the inquest , Hugh Davies , said evidence provided by the UK government showed Russian involvement and "  does establish a prima facie case as to the culpability of the Russian state in the death of Alexander Litvinenko . " The inquest has been put on hold while the public inquiry is held . Owen , the coroner in the inquest , said the open hearings in the inquiry should conclude before Easter ; that is , early April . More than 70 witnesses are due to be called over the coming weeks , including family and friends of Litvinenko , those who worked with him before his death , medical staff who treated him after he fell ill and the pathologists who conducted his autopsy , the court heard . The pathologists will testify Wednesday on the postmortem results . The presence of radiation in Litvinenko 's body complicated the autopsy , the inquiry heard . A nuclear scientist will also give evidence Wednesday about polonium-210 , its qualities , where it can be found and what effect it has on the body once ingested . In the course of the inquiry , evidence may also deal with the contamination risk posed to the wider public by the transfer of such highly radioactive material . Owen said polonium could have been used to "  kill large numbers of people or spread general panic and hysteria among the public . "	A public inquiry into the former KGB agent 's poisoning death opens in London Alexander Litvinenko died in 2006 after being poisoned by radioactive material He blamed Russian President Vladimir Putin ; the Kremlin denies involvement
CNN  -- Football superstar David Beckham has condemned controversial comments made by Sepp Blatter , who is refusing to stand down as FIFA president despite widespread criticism . The head of world soccer sparked fury when he told CNN World Sport that racism is not a problem on the football field , and that any issue could be resolved by "  shaking hands " after a match . Beckham , who was a leading figure in England 's failed bid to host the 2018 World Cup , said that the Swiss administrator had made a big mistake . "  Something has to happen because those kind of remarks from a man who is so high up in the game is obviously not right , " the 36-year-old told CNN ahead of Sunday 's MLS Cup final between his Los Angeles Galaxy team and Houston Dynamo . Pedro Pinto : My crazy day with Sepp Blatter "  And , it 's obviously something that I do n't personally agree with , and I think everyone else does n't agree with . Things ca n't be just sorted out by a handshake , simple as that . "  What will happen with Sepp Blatter in the future , I have no idea and obviously I have not control over that . But , all I care about is keeping racism out of soccer and out of sport , because it 's not just in sport , it 's in life in general . It needs to be stopped , and we hope we 're a part of that . " Former England international Ian Wright revealed on Friday that he now can not host the prestigious FIFA Ballon D'Or awards ceremony in January due to his anger at Blatter 's comments . "  There is simply no way I feel I could stand on that stage in Zurich , in front of Lionel Messi , Pele , David Beckham , Ronaldo and co. , feeling like it was a token gesture . And believe me , that 's how it would feel now , " he told The Sun newspaper , for which is a columnist . "  It would be like he was saying , ` I 'm no racist -- look , I like this black guy so much I 've got my arm around him , he 's doing my show . ' It would be very , very uncomfortable in front of 140 countries watching . " Blatter , in his fourth term as president after standing unopposed in July 's election , has apologized for offending people . But on Friday he insisted he would not accept demands that he resign from anti-racism campaigners , England 's players ' association chief Gordon Taylor and UK Prime Minister David Cameron . "  I can not resign . Why should I ? " Blatter told the BBC . When you are faced with a problem you have to face the problem . To leave would be totally unfair and not compatible with my fighting spirit , my character , my energy . "  When you have done something which was not totally correct , I can only say I am sorry for all those people affected by my declarations . " When asked by CNN 's Pedro Pinto if racism exists on the field of play , Blatter said : "  I would deny it . "  There is no racism , there is maybe one of the players towards the other , he has a word or a gesture which is not the correct one , but also the one who is affected by that , he should say it 's a game , we are in a game . "  At the end of the game , we shake hands , this can happen , because we have worked so hard against racism and discrimination . " The comments sparked outrage in the football world , and Blatter released a statement on FIFA 's website soon after trying to clarify his stance . "  I think the whole world is aware of the efforts we are making against racism and discrimination , " he said . "  And , on the field of play sometimes you say something that is not very correct , but then at the end of the game , the game is over and you have the next game where you can behave better . " However , he was criticized on Twitter by many contributors including England international Rio Ferdinand , whose younger brother Anton has accused Chelsea captain John Terry of making racially abusive comments to him during a Premier League match . "  I feel stupid for thinking that football was taking a leading role against racism ... . it seems it was just on mute for a while , " the Manchester United star wrote on the social networking website . Sol Campbell , a former England international , told CNN that Blatter 's comments had sent football back 40 years . "  His remarks show he is completely out of touch . The longer he stays the weaker FIFA become , " Campbell said . "  I think he has to step down very , very quickly . He should not wait to be sacked , he should have a little bit of honor and step down . "	David Beckham says comments about racism by Sepp Blatter are "  not right " Superstar says head of world football should not be making such remarks FIFA president apologizes for what he said , but refuses to resign His interview with CNN World Sport has caused outrage around the world
Editor 's note : Peter Bergen is CNN 's national security analyst and a fellow at the New America Foundation in Washington and at New York University 's Center on Law and Security . His most recent book is "  The Osama bin Laden I Know : An Oral History of al Qaeda 's Leader . " Peter Bergen says it 's crucial to correctly frame the nature of a war before beginning it . WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President-elect Barack Obama and his foreign policy advisers and speechwriters are wrestling with one of the most important speeches of his presidency , his inaugural address . One of their toughest conceptual challenges is how to describe and recast what the Bush administration has consistently termed the "  war on terror . " The dean of military strategists , Carl von Clausewitz , explains the importance of this decision-making in his treatise "  On War " : "  The first , the supreme , the most decisive act of judgment that the statesman and commander have to make is to establish ... the kind of war on which they are embarking ; neither mistaking it for , nor trying to turn it into something that is alien to its nature . " Clausewitz 's excellent advice about the absolute necessity of properly defining the war upon which a nation is about to embark was ignored by Bush administration officials who instead declared an open-ended and ambiguous "  war on terror " after the United States was attacked on September 11 , 2001 . Bush took the nation to war against a tactic , rather than a war against a specific enemy , which was obviously al Qaeda and anyone allied to it . When the United States went to war against the Nazis and the Japanese during World War II , President Franklin Roosevelt and his congressional supporters did not declare war against U-boats and kamikaze pilots , but on the Nazi state and Imperial Japan . The war on terror , sometimes known as the "  Global War on Terror " or by the clunky acronym GWOT , became the lens through which the Bush administration judged almost all of its foreign policy decisions . That proved to be dangerously counterproductive on several levels . The GWOT framework propelled the Bush administration into its disastrous entanglement in Iraq . It had nothing to do with 9/11 but was launched under the rubric of the war on terror and the erroneous claims that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction . The theory was that he might give such weapons to terrorists , including al Qaeda to whom he was supposedly allied , and that he therefore threatened American interests . None of this , of course , turned out to be true . The Bush administration 's approach to the war on terror collided badly with another of its doctrines , spreading democracy in the Middle East as a panacea to reduce radicalism . It pushed for elections in the Palestinian territories in which , in early 2006 , the more radical Hamas won a resounding victory , propelled to power on a wave of popular revulsion for the incompetence and corruption of the Fatah party that had dominated Palestinian politics since the 1960s . Imprisoned by its war on terror framework , the Bush administration supported Israel in a disastrous war against Hezbollah in Lebanon in the summer of 2006 . Hezbollah is not only a terrorist group but is also part of the rickety Lebanese government and runs social welfare services across the country , yet for the Bush administration its involvement in terrorism was all that mattered . As is now widely understood in Israel , the war against Hezbollah was a moral and tactical defeat for the Israeli military and government . Events in the current Israeli incursion in Gaza will determine whether history repeats itself . Under the banner of the war on terror , the Bush administration also tied itself in conceptual knots conflating the threat from al Qaeda with Shiite groups like Hezbollah and the ayatollahs in Iran . In 2006 , for instance , President Bush claimed that "  the Sunni and Shiite extremist represent different faces of the same threat . " In reality , Sunni and Shiite extremists have been killing each other in large numbers for years in countries from Pakistan to Iraq . The groups have differing attitudes toward the United States , which Sunni extremists attacked in 1993 and again on 9/11 , while Shiite militants have never done so . So , how to reconceptualize the GWOT ? Contrary to a common view among Europeans , who have lived through the bombing campaigns of various nationalist and leftist terror groups for decades , al Qaeda is not just another criminal/terrorist group that can be dealt with by police action and law enforcement alone . After all , a terrorist organization like the Irish Republican Army would call in warnings before its attacks and its single largest massacre killed 29 people . By contrast , al Qaeda has declared war on the United States repeatedly -- as it did for the first time to a Western audience during Osama bin Laden 's 1997 interview with CNN . Following that declaration of war , the terror group attacked American embassies , a U.S. warship , the Pentagon and the financial heart of the United States , killing thousands of civilians without warning ; acts of war by any standard . Al Qaeda is obviously at war with the United States and so to respond by simply recasting the GWOT as the GPAT , the Global Police Action Against Terrorists , would be foolish and dangerous . What kind of war then should the United States fight against al Qaeda ? For that we should learn some lessons from the conceptual errors of the Bush administration . Nine days after 9/11 , Bush addressed Congress in a speech watched live by tens of millions of Americans in which he said that al Qaeda followed in the footsteps "  of the murderous ideologies of the 20th century ... They follow in the path of fascism , Nazism and totalitarianism , " implying that the fight against al Qaeda would be similar to World War II or the Cold War . For the Bush administration , painting the conflict in such existential terms had the benefit of casting the president as the heroic reincarnation of Winston Churchill and anyone who had the temerity to question him as the reincarnation of Hitler 's arch-appeaser , Neville Chamberlain . But this portrayal of the war on terror was massively overwrought . The Nazis occupied and subjugated most of Europe and instigated a global conflict that killed tens of millions . And when the United States fought the Nazis , the country spent 40 percent of its gross domestic product to do so and fielded millions of soldiers . In his inaugural address , Obama should say that the United States is indeed at "  war against al Qaeda and its allies , " but that as Roosevelt said in his inaugural address in 1933 , the only thing we have to fear is fear itself . If Americans are not terrorized by terrorists , then the U.S. has won against them . Al Qaeda and its allies are threats to the United States and Americans living and working overseas , but they are far from all-powerful . Barring an exceptional event like September 11 , 2001 , in any given year Americans are more likely to die of snake bites or lightning strikes than a terrorist attack . Despite the hyperventilating rhetoric of Osama bin Laden , al Qaeda 's amateur investigations into weapons of mass destruction do not compare to the very real possibility of nuclear conflagration that we faced during the Cold War . There are relatively few adherents of Binladen-ism in the West today , while there were tens of millions of devotees of communism and fascism . Obama should also make it clear that instead of the Bush formulation of "  Either you are with us , or you are with the terrorists , " the Obama administration doctrine will be , "  Anyone who is against the terrorists is with us . " After all it is only al Qaeda and its several affiliates in countries like Iraq , Lebanon and Algeria and allied groups such as the Taliban that kill U.S. soldiers and civilians and attack American interests around the globe . Everyone else in the world is a potential or actual ally in the fight against al Qaeda and its affiliates , because those organizations threaten almost every category of institution , government and ethnic grouping . This is the first of two commentaries on the war on terror . Read the second piece , Peter Bergen 's commentary on what principles Barack Obama should follow in waging war against al Qaeda and its allies , Friday , January 9 on CNN.com The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peter Bergen .	Peter Bergen : Bush never correctly framed the "  global war on terror " He says the president went to war against the tactic of terrorism Instead , Bergen says , the U.S. should be leading a war vs. al Qaeda Bergen : al Qaeda is a formidable enemy , but not the equivalent of fascism
Zintan , Libya  CNN  -- Forces loyal to Moammar Gadhafi have unleashed their biggest attack yet against a rebel stronghold in the mountains of western Libya , one of the Libyan leader 's former generals said Friday . The attack began at dawn Thursday , the former commander said . He now commands rebels in Zintan , using the name Hajj Usama . The attack began Thursday when about 150 of Gadhafi 's infantry troops began firing on three fronts near Zintan , he said . They were supported by about 40 vehicles , including long-range "  Grad " rocket launchers and 14.5 mm heavy machine guns with a range of 6 kilometers . Zintan lies about 90 miles southwest of the capital , Tripoli . Zintan , population 40,000 , is at the eastern tip of a 170-mile ribbon of rebel-held mountains that stretch westward from the Tunisian border . After decades in the Libyan army , including a tour of duty in neighboring Chad , Hajj Usama said he now despises his former commander in chief , whom he called a terrorist . "  He 's never used infantry like this , " said the trim , gray-bearded rebel commander . In previous battles , Hajj Usama said , Gadhafi 's artillery forces had taken over nearby civilian housing in Zuwail al Bagul and shelled from a distance . Gadhafi 's forces simultaneously attacked Thursday on three fronts , Hajj Usama said -- to the north of Zintan , firing Grad rockets into the eastern part of the nearby town of Rayayna , and attacking to the southeast and to the east of Zintan . In response , he dispatched hundreds of fighters to cut off Gadhafi 's advance , Hajj Usama said . As of Friday night , one rebel was dead and three were wounded , one of them critically , he said . Fresh trenches cut deep in the stark , red sand here underscore the rebels ' readiness to continue defending the town . The absence of Gadhafi 's forces has buoyed the confidence of the rebel fighters . Some of the fighters who returned late Friday from the front lines -- crammed into the backs of pickup trucks -- appeared to be school-age . They carried only a handful of weapons , a few hunting rifles and old , bolt-action shotguns . Nevertheless , Hajj Osama said , "  they are keen and determined to fight for their freedom . " The attack that began Thursday , he speculated , was intended to regain control of Rayayna , population 12,000 . Residents east of the town had "  declared their support for the rebels a month ago , " he said , while the rest of the town remains loyal to Gadhafi and his former head of internal security , Nasar al Mabout . Hajj Usama said al Mabout lives there . Since the raids began , Hajj Usama said , he has lost contact with rebels in Rayayna with the exception of one commander who managed to make the dangerous journey to Zintan after his house was destroyed in the shelling . As dusk fell Friday the shelling visible earlier from the roofs of Zintan abated . But shortly before 10 p.m. , the attack resumed with sporadic barrages of gunfire . The rebels said the night shelling may have been intended to terrorize Zintan 's residents so they would flee . Some have , but most were staying to brave out the battle they fear is far from over , Hajj Usama said . Early Friday , NATO jets pounded Libyan ports , destroying eight of Gadhafi 's warships , an alliance spokesman said . NATO targeted the ships in Tripoli , Al-Khums and Sirte after it was apparent that Gadhafi 's forces were increasingly using naval vessels to launch attacks on civilians , said Mike Bracken , NATO 's military spokesman . Gadhafi was indiscriminately mining waters in Misrata and hampering the flow of humanitarian aid , Bracken said . "  He was using maritime forces to lay mines . These were legal targets , " Bracken said at a briefing in Brussels , Belgium . He did not say whether crew members were aboard when the ships were hit . The NATO campaign is progressing and Gadhafi 's combat power had been severely curtailed , Bracken said . But the Libyan leader 's forces continued their heavy shelling of Dehiba , on the Tunisian border , where thousands of refugees have amassed in recent weeks . The border crossing , through which humanitarian aid is often trucked in , was closed Friday . Along the southern borders , rebels had gained control of border crossings between Libya and Sudan and Libya and Chad and had regained control of Kufra in the southeast , according to a report by the International Medical Corps , which has teams in Libya and Tunisia . The global medical organization said rebel control along the Chad border was significant because supplies flow through there to Gadhafi 's forces . "  While control of the entire border will be difficult , the rebels are reported to have a large force in the region , " it said . "  The Niger and Morocco border crossings remain under Gadhafi control . " Meanwhile , the African Union announced it will hold a two-day meeting of heads of state in the Ethiopian capital of Addis Ababa next week to address the conflict in Libya , as well as other security issues in Africa . In another development , the family of South African freelance photojournalist Anton Hammerl , who has been missing in Libya since April , said late Thursday they believe he was killed by Libyan government forces . The statement was posted on the "  Free photographer Anton Hammerl " Facebook page and followed interviews given in The New York Times , Global Post and The Atlantic by two journalists who said they were with him when he was shot . "  On 5 April 2011 , Anton was shot by Gaddafi 's forces in an extremely remote location in the Libyan desert . According to eyewitnesses , his injuries were such that he could not have survived without medical attention , " according to the Facebook statement . Hammerl was last reportedly seen in a remote region of the Libyan desert . He was reportedly captured by Gadhafi 's forces near the town of al-Brega , a key oil town in eastern Libya , that has been the site of intense fighting .	NEW : The attack on Zintan began at dawn Thursday and continued through Friday African Union leaders to meet May 25-26 on Libyan conflict Overnight airstrikes target ships in three Libyan ports
