Spoiler alert : Please do not read on if you have not seen the last Harry Potter film yet . This article is entirely spoilers . If you DID see the movie last night , read on and tell us what you thought ! Atlanta , Georgia -- If you 're bleary-eyed and yawning after a late-night screening of "  Harry Potter 's " final movie installment , the lasting impressions of "  Deathly Hallows Part II " are no doubt the only things keeping you awake today . Millions of "  Harry Potter " fans flocked to midnight screenings , celebrating J.K. Rowling 's epic conclusion with great enthusiasm and wizardly costumes . Here are some of the moments from the film that made fans gasp , applaud and giggle : • The 3-D specs are in the shape of Harry 's iconic round glasses ! • When the Ukrainian Ironbelly guard dragon in Gringotts takes flight , it 's a magical moment : The animation is some of the best fantasy fans have ever seen on screen . The beautiful and slinky movements of the dragon allow the viewers to suspend any disbelief , and this beast is a "  Harry Potter " best . • Alan Rickman shows off his acting chops as Professor Snape . The Headmaster of Hogwarts ' first deliciously evil line comes when he warns the students and staff that anyone who does not come forth with information regarding the whereabouts of Harry Potter will be found , "  Equally . Guilty , " as those actively hiding him . The delivery is thrillingly sinister ! • Maggie Smith as Professor McGonagall unleashes her inner geek when she says , "  I 've always wanted to use that spell , " after rousing the stone knights to protect Hogwarts . • Yes , it 's really the end : The first moment you realize this is the view of the quidditch field burning down as Voldemort 's forces storm Hogwarts . • Hermione and Ron share a very sexy smootch . Finally , these two characters seal their love for one another with a kiss , and when the initial excitement of the scene wears off , viewers begin to realize that this is a very steamy and adult liplock . Rupert Grint and Emma Watson bring authenticity and spark to the scene . • Neville Longbottom has the hots for Luna and is ready to do something about it after steeling his nerves in battle . "  Have you seen Luna ? " he asks Harry . "  I 've got the hots for her ! " • Snape 's death scene is brutal , violent and elemental . Even though viewers do n't get to see the killing , they hear it . The sound of an attacking Nagini is shocking in its intensity and the scene leaves the audience raw . • Moviegoers will need a Kleenex when Harry Potter put Snape 's memories in the Pensieve . The scenes of Snape and Lily show a life of love , torture and loss that Alan Rickman masterfully embodies . • Did you know Gollum is in this movie ? Voldemort 's dead soul seems like it took a wrong turn in cinema purgatory and ended up in the "  Harry Potter " film instead of one from the "  Lord of the Rings " franchise . • Elitist wizards sure have some awful teeth ! Both Voldemort 's and Bellatrix Lestrange 's grins during the final assault on Hogwarts are unsettling for all the wrong reasons . • Mrs. Weasley 's besting of Bellatrix in their duel is sure to be a big hit with audiences . • When Neville slays Nagini with the sword of Gryffindor , it 's the ultimate fantasy moment . In case you were wondering , Neville is a hero now . The beautifully rendered scene looks like an homage to Raphael 's painting , "  St. George and the Dragon . " • Mr. Filch is so very grumpy as he settles in to clean up the rubble from the most significant battle in Hogwart 's history . He is not amused . • In the epilogue , Draco 's beard and Ron 's pot belly are so bad they 're good . What did you think of "  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part II " ? Did we miss any of the moments from the film that most inspired you ? Let us know in the comments section below .	Last installment of Harry Potter movie franchise opened across the country last night Alan Rickman 's acting is a highlight of the movie Masterful special effects bring unquestionable life to the beasts of Harry Potter
CNN  -- Athletes from 97 nations will march in Vancouver tonight at the Opening Ceremony of the XXI Winter Olympic Games . Turn on your TV . Watch and cheer . Cheer for the sportsmanship and spirit shown at this highest level of competition among the world 's nations . A fine example of this sportsmanship happened four years ago , when a ski pole , a race in Italy and maple syrup came together . It started when Norwegian cross-country ski coach Bjørnar Håkensmoen performed an extraordinary act . On February 14 , 2006 , Canadian cross-country skier Sara Renner began the women 's team sprint competition in Turin with something to prove . After having placed no higher than eighth in four events at the Salt Lake City Games in 2002 , Renner was determined to improve her performance in Turin . But in the middle of the final heat , something terrible happened . One of her ski poles broke . Suddenly , all seemed lost . Four years of intense training for this 17-minute race were about to amount to nothing . Then Håkensmoen saw what happened . Without giving it a second thought , he handed the Canadian skier the Norwegian team 's spare pole . Renner and teammate Beckie Scott charged forward to finish in second place , earning a silver medal . Norway ended up fourth -- without a medal . An appreciative Renner thanked Håkensmoen with a bottle of wine . The Canadian people , touched by the selflessness of the Norwegian coach , established Project Maple Syrup , an organization designed to solicit donations of a Canadian national treasure . In all , 5.2 tons of maple syrup  7,400 cans  were shipped across the Atlantic to Håkensmoen and then on to Norwegians . Canadians also sent thank-you notes and recipes . In an instant , Håkensmoen reminded all those who were fortunate enough to witness his act of sportsmanship that the rings on the Olympic flag , intended to represent a color of every flag of every nation in the world , are interlocked and interdependent . The Olympics remind the world of the folly in thinking that anyone can stand alone . There are times when all people and all nations need a little help , whether that help comes in the form of a charitable donation , a word of encouragement or even a spare ski pole . Perhaps what is most remarkable about Håkensmoen 's gesture that day was how unremarkable it was to him . When asked about his action by The Associated Press , Håkensmoen replied , "  It was natural for me to do it , and I think anyone should have done it . " Håkensmoen 's act demonstrates why the Olympic Games matter : because sometimes -- in spite of skyrocketing salaries for professional athletes , increased illegal drug usage and waning loyalty between fans and their teams -- sometimes sports get it right . Today , cheer not just for the United States but for the other 96 countries as well . Cheer because any time so many nations congregate with common goals , under common rules and in peace ought to be cause for celebration . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Robert Kaufman .	Robert Kaufman says there are many reasons to cheer Olympics , which begin today Kaufman cites sportsmanship shown when Norwegian ski coach helped rival Bjørnar Håkensmoen gave ski pole to Canadian skier whose pole broke Kaufman : Gesture is highest level of sportsmanship in a world grown cynical about sports
LONDON , England  CNN  -- New data released Thursday suggests that the Arctic Ocean will be "  largely ice free " during summer within a decade . As the Arctic sea ice melts , polar bears face extinction . The report , complied by the UK-based Catlin Arctic Survey and the World Wildlife Fund  WWF  , is the latest research into ice thickness in the Arctic . Researchers predict that within 20 years ice cover will be completely gone during the warmer months . The expedition , which was completed in May , was led by UK explorer Pen Hadow . He and his team collected data by manually drilling into the ice and noting its thickness along a 450-kilometer route across the northern part of the Beaufort Sea . They found that the area surveyed was comprised almost exclusively of first year ice . Scientists think this is significant because traditionally the region has been made up of much older , thicker ice . "  Discovering this area of younger ice provides another body of information that supports the rapidly emerging scientific consensus that it 's going to be nearer 10 years from now that we will see roughly 80-85 percent free waters in the Arctic Ocean , " Hadow told CNN . Measurements taken by Hadow and his team report that the ice-floes were on average 1.8 meters thick -- which , according to scientists , is too thin to survive next summer 's ice melt . Professor Peter Wadhams , head of the Polar Ocean Physics Group at the UK 's University of Cambridge said : "  With a large part of the region now first year ice , it is clearly more vulnerable . The area is now more likely to become open water each summer , bringing forward the potential date when the summer sea ice will be completely gone . " Professor Wadhams , who has analyzed the expedition data , added : "  The Catlin Arctic Survey data supports the new consensus view that the Arctic will be ice-free in summer within about 20 years , and much of that decrease will be happening within 10 years . " Click here to see pictures of the expedition " Martin Sommerkorn from the WWF International Arctic Program believes that the changes in sea-ice cover in the region are likely to increase global temperatures further . "  Such a loss of Arctic sea ice has recently been assessed to set in motion powerful climate feedbacks which will have an impact far beyond the Arctic itself , " Sommerkorn said . "  Arctic sea ice holds a central position in our Earth 's climate system . Take it out of the equation and we are left with a dramatically warmer world , " he added . Hadow fears that the current climate models developed by scientists may not be extreme enough . But he is hopeful that this new data will spur world leaders into action . "  We are now in a loss period , " Hadow told CNN . "  Maybe losing this sea ice , this roof on the top of our planet in going to be an important moment , a big visual aid to the science that in combination can bring about some sort of global agreement on emissions . "	New report says Arctic sea ice will largely disappear in summer within a decade Survey captured latest data on ice thickness in Northern part of Beaufort Sea Measurements show the ice-floes surveyed were on average 1.8 meters thick Scientists warn that Arctic ice melt is likely to set off "  powerful climate feedbacks "
CareerBuilder  -- I recently came across Zack O'Malley Greenburg 's book "  Empire State of Mind : How Jay-Z Went from Street Corner to Corner Office . " I have to admit that I did n't know if a hip-hop icon had much to teach me  aka a regular worker  about succeeding in our respective fields . But seeing as career books often begin to sound alike when you read the summaries on the flap , I could n't pass up this interesting angle . Plus , he 's just a good artist . I did n't doubt Jay-Z was a prime example of success . His picture might as well be next to the Wikipedia entry on "  living the dream . " Whether or not you 're a fan of his music -- and between "  Empire State of Mind " and "  Izzo  H.O.V.A.  , " you have to like at least one of his tracks -- you ca n't deny that the man has been able to achieve and exceed his goals . Jay-Z  née Shawn Corey Carter  has countless hits , co-founded Rocawear clothing , co-owns a basketball team , and was an executive of two different record labels . Oh , and Oprah picked his 2010 autobiography to be one of her favorite things , which is about as coveted an endorsement as you can hope for . But after reading Greenburg 's book , I have to admit I understand why he makes a superb guide for your career , even if you are looking to be an investment banker or grocery store manager instead of a hip hop legend . If you look at what Jay-Z has done with his career , you might realize that what made him successful is what makes many great leaders successful . Below are five lessons that I think we can all learn from Jay-Z 's career : 1 . Find something your passionate about and make it part of your life What Jay Z did : Jay-Z is a sports enthusiast . He 's a proud Yankees fan and he 's been a courtside fixture at NBA games for years for The Cavaliers , Knicks and Lakers . Not content with just being a fan , Jay-Z assembled a team  that included Lebron James  in 2003 to play in Entertainers Basketball Classic  EBC  and then became a co-owner of the New Jersey Nets . What you can do : Many of us are sports fans , but few of us have the bank account and business savvy to own an NBA team . However , we can find a way to make one of our passions part of our everyday life , even if your interest does n't fit within your current job . For example , if you are obsessed with politics but you work at a clothing store , you should leave your opinion of Congress at home . But that does n't mean you ca n't start your own political blog or become a contributor to another one . That way you can immerse yourself in a subject you love and still improve your analytical and writing skills . You never know what will become of your side venture -- maybe a new business opportunity . Maybe nothing will happen beyond gaining readership , but at least you 'll have space where you can indulge your passions . 2 . Market yourself What Jay-Z did : One of the other reasons Jay-Z decided to assemble that basketball team in the EBC ? He knew it was great marketing . He branded a bus with the image of a sneaker he designed for Reebok , had the team tour in it , all while his music blared . And then they 'd celebrate at the club he owned in New York . It was his project from top to bottom and he was n't afraid to promote it . What you can do : The odds are slim that somebody will walk up to you and say , "  Wow , all that great work you do ? Unbelievable ! Let me offer you this high-paying job that is perfect for you . " Instead , make sure you let your boss know when you perform well . Do n't brag , but forward any positive feedback you get from clients or colleagues If you 're looking for a job , piece together an impressive portfolio or résumé . Think about the awards you 've won , leadership positions you 've held , and references who will speak glowingly about you . Do n't play meek when it comes to finding a new job because employers do n't have time to beg you to talk about yourself . Impress them from the beginning .  And if you can afford to plaster your face on the side of a bus , go ahead . 3 . Know when to move on What Jay-Z did : In 2003 , at the peak of his career  up to that point  , he decided to retire . Barely 34 , Jay-Z felt he could n't top himself , so he decided to walk away .  That said , he un-retired a few years later , which is something we have criticized before , too . So do n't cry "  wolf " either . " What you can do : Jay-Z retired , but most of us do n't have that luxury right now . However , if you 're just going through the motions and the excitement and passion you once had are lacking , then do n't be afraid to look around . Maybe you need to talk to your boss , find a new job or get into a new industry . Whatever is right for you , make that move . If you 're spending 40 hours each week doing a job that bores you , then you 're wasting a lot of your life . You 'll be so much happier and more productive if you 're interested in what you do . 4 . Be willing to shake things up What Jay-Z did : When Jay-Z took over Def Jam records in 2005 , he could n't believe that the business model had n't changed for decades , and employees had no incentive to work hard . He wanted to see people trying new things -- taking risks and competing to be more innovative than the other . So he held a retreat with the employees , told them what he wanted , and then began to transform the organization . Greenburg notes how people were intrigued by the fact that Jay-Z wanted to learn as much as he could about the business . What you can do : When you 're not the boss , you ca n't revamp the organization . But workers can get the attention of the boss and other leadership by coming forward with new ideas . If you 're the person interacting with customers every day , you know when the process can be improved and what would make your job more efficient and maybe bring the company more money . Always be respectful , but do n't be afraid to be bold once in a while . It can be the only way you stand out sometimes . 5 . Manage your private life What Jay-Z did : Jay-Z and Beyoncé are basically music royalty , and when they began quietly dating , everybody wanted to know about it . Yet , they would n't comment on their romance , and even to this day the married couple is tight-lipped about any personal information . Therefore you hear more about his and her music than about their personal lives , unlike some famous people . What you can do : You do n't need to keep your marriage a secret from your manager , unless you want to , but your weekend partying or marital bickering do n't belong at work . Often , professionals decide to post Facebook photos of their drunken adventures or get into a big fight with a spouse over the phone so that the entire office hears . Suddenly your personal drama overshadows your hard work . Remember that your professional reputation is a significant factor in promotions , raises and even layoffs . Do n't let a killer keg stand undo your years of hard work . Of course , there are a lot of other things Jay-Z 's done right in his career , so I suggest checking out "  Empire State of Mind . " It 's especially refreshing if you 're a music fan and/or someone who 's not keen on the typical career guides . & copy CareerBuilder.com 2011 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	One of the reasons Jay-Z is so successful is because he has followed his passions , author says Jay-Z knows how to market himself and his various ventures By managing his private life well , more focus is on Jay-Z 's music than his marriage
CNN  -- The masked man had already cut her chest open when the lights went off , plunging the entire room into darkness . This was not good . In fact , it was downright dangerous . A power outage is probably the last thing anyone would want to happen midway through surgery , let alone while performing the delicate task of closing a hole inside the heart of a six-year-old girl . But Dr Godwin Godfrey and his team had come prepared . "  We knew that we always have power cuts in the hospital -- they can happen at any time , even at night -- so we had prepared a back-up manual handle that we could use to run the pump by hand , " says Godfrey , who works at the Bugando Medical Center in Mwanza , north Tanzania . A reliable and constant electricity supply is crucial when performing open heart surgery -- the procedure is done under general anesthesia and requires the use of an electrically powered machine that acts as the patient 's heart and lung . Read this : Birth advice by text message Godfrey and his team also knew that it usually takes several seconds for the hospital 's back-up generator to kick in after a power failure . Therefore , they 'd previously connected the heart-lung and anesthesia machines to an uninterruptible power supply in case of an emergency . "  Even though all the lights in the operating room went off , the machines themselves were still working , " recalls the young doctor . "  So this was what actually saved us that day . " Saving lives That day was late last month , right after Godfrey had returned to Tanzania from Israel with a skill no one else in his country has . Following five years of intense training , Godfrey is now Tanzania 's only pediatric heart surgeon capable of carrying out open heart surgeries on small children . Upon his arrival , he started operating on young children , including six-year-old Merina , with the assistance of the Israeli team who 'd trained him . "  Although we had all these problems in the surgery , the child recovered very well and she left the intensive care unit the next day , " says Godfrey about Merina . "  So this was very good . " ` Somebody has to do something ' The son of a doctor , Godfrey grew up in Moshi , a beautiful small town nestled on the foothills of Mount Kilimanjaro . He went on to become a doctor himself and started practicing about seven years ago , setting his mind to becoming a plastic surgeon . But at that time a Tanzanian surgeon who 'd returned home from the UK , with the aim of starting a cardiac center , recruited Godfrey to his team . "  It 's when I started working with him that I realized that ... in Tanzania we really do n't have so much need for plastic surgery , " says Godfrey . "  I realized children are the ones who are suffering most in Africa -- we have so many children with heart diseases dying without any care and those few lucky ones the government gets to send them abroad for surgery , " he adds . Watch this : Ghana'a heart surgery pioneer Determined to make a difference , Godfrey approached doctors visiting the hospital , asking them to help him find a way to create a Tanzanian team that could do pediatric heart surgery . Eventually , he got in touch with Save a Child 's Heart , an Israeli organization providing heart surgeries and care to children from developing countries . After securing funding , Godfrey headed to Israel where he trained for five years with Save A Child 's Heart before returning to Tanzania and putting his life-saving knowledge to use . "  Somebody has to do something -- and this is one of the reasons I came back , " says Godfrey . "  But do I feel confident that I will be able to build a good department and a good team ? Well not really , " he readily admits . "  So I am also very terrified of the fact that I am worried that I may not be able to build this good team . But again , it 's this worry which will keep me up on my feet every day trying to push a little bit harder . " Urgent needs When it comes to impoverished African nations , the focus often tends to be on AIDS , malnutrition and malaria . But there are a multitude of other medical conditions that require urgent attention , such as children 's heart problems . In Tanzania 's largest referral and teaching hospital , some 300 children a year await surgery . There are thousands more in need across the country . Read this : African midwife , Nobel Peace Prize ? Godfrey says there are , at best , just 5,000 doctors in Tanzania , a country where more than 70 % of the 45 million-population lives in villages , often far from hospitals or equipped medical centers . He says this puts a "  big burden " on doctors who often have to work under extremely challenging conditions . "  Many doctors do n't want to even go out of the big cities , " he explains . "  Every doctor wants to work in a place where there 's at least some medication , there 's even a ward ... that they can also provide this kind of care . Now going to the village with all the knowledge that you 've acquired and you still can not manage to do anything -- these are places no doctor wants to go . " Healing hearts Inside the Bugando Medical Center , the overwhelming need for doctors and trained medical personnel is evident . At the hospital 's children 's ward , the beds are occupied at all times by two , sometimes three , very sick children , while young patients with heart problems and their families lie on benches outside examining rooms . It 's a far cry from the wards where Godfrey trained in Israel . "  Working in Israel , " says Godfrey , "  one of the things that struck me most at the beginning was that we could spend six months and not even see one child dying , while here in a day , one pediatric admission , we could see even five , sometimes up to seven , children dying , " he adds . "  You realize that we still have a very long way to go . " But despite all the challenges , Godfrey is determined to continue his life-saving efforts and build a team that would heal as many of Tanzania 's broken hearts as possible . "  Now I am even thinking of the ways to push my department forward , " says Godfrey . "  I know I do n't have a complete team yet , some are still in training back in Israel , but it is my hope in the next few years that we will have a complete team , if everything goes well . "	Dr Godwin Godfrey is Tanzania 's only children 's heart surgeon He has to contend with power cuts during open heart surgery Doctors in Tanzania face a lack of equipment He is now looking to build a team of pediatric surgeons in Tanzania
CNN  -- Dharun Ravi , the former Rutgers University student who was found guilty of using a webcam to spy on and intimidate his gay roommate , has reported to a New Jersey jail Thursday where he will serve a 30-day sentence , according to Middlesex County Sheriff Mildred Scott . Ravi turned himself in to authorities , who then transported him to jail Thursday afternoon , Scott said . Is 30-day sentence fair ? A day earlier , Ravi apologized for spying on his roommate , Tyler Clementi , with a webcam . "  I accept responsibility for and regret my thoughtless , insensitive , immature , stupid and childish choices that I made on September 19 , 2010 , and September 21 , 2010 , " Ravi said in a statement Wednesday . Clementi , 18 , killed himself by jumping off New York 's George Washington Bridge into the Hudson River after learning Ravi had secretly recorded his intimate encounter with another man . Ravi 's court appearance Wednesday formalized his decision to head to jail , waiving his right not to serve jail time twice for the same crime , as prosecutors appeal his sentence . New Jersey prosecutors argue that Ravi 's crimes warranted more than a 30-day jail term and called Superior Judge Glenn Berman 's sentence "  insufficient under the sentencing laws of this state . " Berman defended the jail sentence Wednesday , CNN affiliate WABC reported . "  I ca n't find it in me to remand him to state prison that house people convicted of offenses such as murder , armed robbery and rape , " Berman said . "  I do n't believe that fits this case . I believe that he has to be punished and he will be . " CNN Senior Legal Analyst Jeffrey Toobin said there is "  very little chance " the sentence will be overturned on appeal . He noted that under New Jersey law , the judge had the flexibility to sentence Ravi to anything from zero to 10 years in prison . Ravi was handed a 30-day jail sentence , three years of probation and must complete 300 hours of community service aimed at assisting victims of bias crimes . He also must pay more than $ 11,000 in restitution . "  I decided to accept and hopefully complete the sentence as soon as possible . It 's the only way I can go on with my life , " Ravi said in his statement . His attorney said he intends to begin community service after he serves his sentence and will start paying his fines in August . Read more about this story from CNN affiliate WABC .	NEW : Dharun Ravi reports to a New Jersey jail Ravi 's court appearance Wednesday formalizes his decision to head to jail He waives his right not to serve jail time twice for the same crime as prosecutors appeal Attorney says Ravi intends to begin community service after he serves his sentence
CNN  -- CNN Flims ' "  An Unreal Dream : The Michael Morton Story , " describes in chilling detail how a young father 's life was turned upside down and forever changed after his wife was murdered and he was wrongly convicted of the crime . Like nearly all the 311 DNA exonerations in the United States , Morton 's story exposes enormous flaws in the criminal justice system . Morton almost certainly would have never been convicted if the prosecutor had not failed to turn over critical evidence pointing to his innocence . But if there can be a silver lining to a situation in which someone serves nearly 25 years in prison for a crime he did n't commit , Morton 's case has revealed a valuable tool for holding errant prosecutors accountable for their deliberate misconduct . Morton was exonerated of the 1986 murder of his wife , Christine , after DNA testing of a bloody bandana that was found in the woods near the couple 's Williamson County , Texas , home was shown to contain the blood of Christine and Mark Allen Norwood . Norwood , who has an extensive criminal history , was subsequently convicted of Christine 's murder . Based on DNA testing conducted during the Morton investigation , Norwood has also been charged with the long unsolved murder of another young wife and mother , Debra Baker , who was killed under chillingly similar circumstances two years after Christine Morton 's murder . During the Innocence Project 's investigation of Morton 's case , we learned that the prosecutor , Ken Anderson , who was subsequently made a judge , failed to turn over evidence to Morton 's attorney . That evidence was a detailed account of the murder from Morton 's 3-year-old son Eric . Eric told his maternal grandmother that Morton was not the attacker . Other evidence that was n't shared also pointed to a third-party assailant . Last month , in an extremely rare instance of a prosecutor being criminally punished , Anderson entered a plea "  not to contest " proceedings of "  criminal contempt of court " related to Morton 's case , according to Williamson County , Texas , court documents . Anderson was sentenced to 10 days in jail , a $ 500 fine , 500 hours of community service and was forced to permanently surrender his license to practice law . He had submitted his resignation from the bench a few weeks earlier . Read more about Morton 's case and Ken Anderson 's response Texas was able to prosecute Anderson with criminal contempt because there was evidence he had violated a specific court order and made false statements to a judge . During the trial , when it became clear that Anderson was not planning to call the lead investigator in the case , Morton 's trial lawyers became suspicious and brought it to the judge 's attention . The court in turn ordered Anderson to turn over the investigator 's complete report for it to review . At that time the judge also asked Anderson directly whether he had any evidence that would be favorable to the defense to disclose , and Anderson said he did not . Because there was evidence that Anderson violated a direct order of the court , he was charged through a unique Texas procedure called a Court of Inquiry with criminal contempt and concealment of official records for deliberately disobeying the trial judge 's directives . Because court orders have been shown to be the key to holding prosecutors accountable , courts should routinely order prosecutors to look in their files or a specified police file for all exculpatory material and to disclose it in a timely fashion . The prospective standard for determining what is exculpatory should be a version of the American Bar Association Rule of Professional Responsibility 3.8  d  that by law applies to prosecutors in 49 states and the District of Columbia . It has been adopted by the Department of Justice , and requires prosecutors to disclose all evidence that "  tends to negate the guilt of the accused or mitigates the offense . " Most importantly , the order should clearly state that "  willful and deliberate failure to comply is punishable by contempt . " Wording here is significant . It means that negligent , inexperienced , stupid or even reckless prosecutors will not be held in contempt , but those few prosecutors who deliberately and willfully suppress exculpatory evidence can be . Experienced and ethical prosecutors will recognize that the issuance of such orders will be an effective tool for teaching new prosecutors about their obligations and will help expose those "  bad apple " prosecutors who discredit the profession . These orders create a mechanism for judges to deal with unscrupulous prosecutors in a way that directly addresses the problem . In cases where there is a deliberate violation of such an order , judges can punish offenders directly through contempt citations . Because contempt is generally not subject to statutes of limitations , prosecutors can be punished even if it takes years -- or decades -- to uncover the failure to disclose , which happened in the Michael Morton case . The orders -- which are known as Brady orders -- also make it easier for state bar disciplinary systems to sanction prosecutors . Prosecutors yield enormous power over life and liberty , and there must be effective systems in place for making them accountable . While the number of prosecutors who deliberately break the rules is small , history shows they tend to be repeat offenders . If there is to be justice for Michael Morton and all the other people who have been wrongly convicted at the hands of unscrupulous prosecutors , every state and federal judge in the nation will start Brady orders tomorrow to deter those few prosecutors who would otherwise deliberately violate their ethical and legal duties . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Barry Scheck .	Michael Morton spent nearly 25 years in prison for a murder he did n't commit Innocence Project 's Barry Scheck : Case reveals valuable tool against bad prosecutors Courts can order prosecutors to turn over key evidence or face contempt charges Prosecutors who break the rules are few , but they often repeat themselves , Scheck says
The Egyptian revolution has a new , and shocking , image : It 's the Egyptian flag , but the eagle in the middle has been replaced by a simple blue bra . The image refers to the recent , savage beating of an abaya-clad female protester by Egyptian military forces . Graphic videos of the beating , captured on phones and uploaded to YouTube and Facebook , have quickly proliferated . They show a limp woman being dragged by her arms along the street . Her abaya is ripped open , exposing her naked torso and blue bra . Security forces surround her , many wielding batons . As the beating progresses , the guards hit her and one even stomps on her . Photos of the man bringing his heavy boot down on her bare stomach made the front page of newspapers around the world . In response , thousands of women -- and men -- marched Tuesday in Cairo 's Tahrir Square . Observers say it was the largest demonstration of women in Egypt in decades . Not since 1919 , when women mobilized under the leadership of feminist Hoda Sha ` rawi in anti-colonial demonstrations against the British have so many Egyptian women taken to the streets .  After representing Egyptian women at the International Women Suffrage Alliance in Rome in 1923 , Sha ` rawi returned to Cairo and very publicly removed her veil . Women have played an important role in Egypt 's modern revolution but have struggled to translate their activism into a political role in the new , emerging system . They have been excluded from important decision-making bodies , and the military leadership declined to continue a Mubarak-era quota for women that ensured them at least 64 seats in parliament . Based on early election results , it appears that few women will win a place in the new government . Nevertheless , one intrepid woman , Bothaina Kamel , is breaking ground with her candidacy for president . The campaign of Kamel , a well-known television presenter , at first was shocking , and certainly quixotic , with polls indicating her support is less than 1 % . But her persistence has gained her credibility . While she has little chance of winning , she is helping to normalize the idea of women in politics -- an idea that is deeply contested in Egyptian society . Leaders of Salafi parties , which gained a surprising 20 % of the vote in the first rounds of elections , have spoken out against women running for office . The recent women 's protest may breathe life into a movement that desperately needs new energy . In the early weeks of the revolution , women activists tried to bring attention to women 's issues but never succeeded in getting the masses behind them . A women 's march in Tahrir Square to mark International Women 's Day on March 8 ended badly . Only a few hundred women showed up , and they were soon harassed by a mob of angry men who shouted at them to go home and warned that their demands for rights were against Islam . Around the same time , the Egyptian military rounded up scores of women demonstrators , and in a show of raw intimidation , subjected many of them to "  virginity tests . " Military leaders at first denied the accusations , and later defended their abuse by claiming the women "  were not like your daughter or mine . " In a remarkable show of courage , one of the victims , Samira Ibrahim , is pursuing a criminal case against the military for her ordeal . The only one of the 17 victims willing to take her case to court , Ibrahim is challenging not only the heavy-handed tactics of the military but also the social stigma associated with her issue . The woman attacked by the military in the recent protests has declined to come forward , so for now she is only known as "  blue bra girl . " But her mistreatment seems to be a galvanizing force . Thousands of people joined the march through Cairo on Tuesday , many of them taking to the streets for the first time in outrage . Organizers of the march used the hashtag #BlueBra on Twitter to encourage people to join them . Some of the protesters held giant posters of the blue bra/flag icon . Others carried photographs of the beating . Men formed a cordon around the women , chanting "  The women of Egypt are the red line . " Still , many Egyptians were not supportive . Bloggers and tweeters offered negative comments on the blue bra girl -- criticizing her for being out in public protesting in the first place and accusing her of being provocative for not wearing more clothes under her abaya . It remains to be seen whether these new humiliations for Egyptian women will lead to significant changes . But given the country 's deep-seated patriarchy , women in Egypt should not take their rights for granted .	Isobel Coleman : Videos of vicious beating of Egyptian woman have prompted protests Women have been active in revolution but largely excluded from political process , she says Coleman says the battle for women 's rights in Egypt is a vital but difficult struggle
A massive cleanup effort was underway early Sunday at an Istanbul park where hours earlier Turkish riot police cleared protesters camped out in what has become ground zero in anti-government demonstrations targeting the policies of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan . At least 29 people were injured in clashes Saturday as police sealed off Taksim Square and took Gezi Park , Istanbul Gov. Huseyin Avni Mutlu said in remarks carried on Turkish television stations . Police pushed protesters onto side streets , where on one street many -- with their faces covered with masks because of tear gas and smoke -- appeared to reorganize . Chanting "  long live Taksim solidarity , " the demonstrators began moving back toward the square and park . In turn , authorities fired tear gas and a water cannon down the street to try to disperse them . The move came after police warned demonstrators who have occupied Istanbul 's last remaining green space for more than two weeks to depart voluntarily or face being ejected . By early Sunday morning , most protesters had dispersed and the cleanup was underway , according to CNN 's Arwa Damon , who was reporting in the area . Calls for political reforms The protest that began over Erdogan 's plan to turn the park into a mall quickly devolved into large anti-government demonstrations that have seen calls for political reforms . What 's driving unrest and protests in Turkey ? Erdogan , who has been defiant of protest demands , said earlier in the day at a rally with supporters in Ankara that if protesters did not leave on their own , they would be forced out of Gezi Park . "  If it is not emptied , from now on , this country 's security forces will know how to empty that place , " he said . A few minutes later , police used loudspeakers to order the protesters out of the park , saying it was their last warning . But the demonstration continued as the sun began to set , with hundreds of people packing the square , some of them wearing gas masks , others linking arms in solidarity and anticipation . During his speech , Erdogan said the demonstrators were not meeting him halfway . "  We have reached out with our hands , " he said . "  However , some people returned their fists in response . Can you shake hands with those who reach out with a fist ? " And he ridiculed the protesters ' assertions that they are environmentalists , calling them "  thugs " instead , and citing their honking of horns as evidence of their insincerity . "  This is called noise pollution , " he said . A dozen of his Justice and Development AK Party buildings have been damaged and burned , he said , accusing "  outsiders " of staging the demonstrations . He accused demonstrators of inciting sectarian violence by attacking a woman who was wearing a headscarf , kicking her , dragging her on the ground and snatching away her head cover . He accused some demonstrators of having entered a mosque while wearing shoes , drunk alcohol there and written insulting slogans on the walls -- acts forbidden by Muslims -- but said authorities had been patient . Erdogan said the courts will handle such incidents . Letters from Turkey , with pride He said he did not understand the concerns about the park , since no contracts have been signed and no construction has begun . "  There is nothing yet to protest , " he said . ` Every kind of hypocrisy ' Erdogan accused social media for spreading misinformation , the national media of lying and the international media of displaying "  every kind of hypocrisy " in its reporting , but he expressed gratitude for the crowd 's support . He praised his government 's performance over the past 10 years , citing a rising standard of living , a stock market that has broken records , a quintupling of the central bank 's reserves , plans to build the world 's biggest airport and the construction of a third bridge scheduled to begin carrying traffic in four lanes in either direction over the Bosporus in 2015 . Erdogan said maintaining the park as a green space was not the real goal of most of the demonstrators , four of whom have been arrested . "  What is the issue then ? " he asked . "  It is to take down the AK Party government . " Except for a few who are genuinely concerned about the environment , the demonstrators are upset about Turkey 's growing strength , he said , adding that more than 600 of his police had been wounded in the clashes . "  No one can scare us off , " he said . Erdogan delivered his message to a supportive crowd , amid a carnival atmosphere and heavy police security . During his comments , some of his supporters waved the red-and-white Turkish flag as well as the orange , white and blue flag of Erdogan 's AK Party . The festive mood contrasted sharply with the scene here overnight , when Turkish riot police sprayed rowdy anti-government demonstrators with water cannon and fired tear gas at them , arresting nearly a dozen people in the third consecutive night of clashes in the capital . Erdogan vs. protesters The unrest began nearly 500 kilometers  311 miles  away , in Istanbul , nearly three weeks ago , when a small group of people turned out to protest government plans to bulldoze the city 's Gezi Park and to replace it with a shopping mall housed inside a replica of a 19th-century Ottoman barracks . Protesters said the plans represented a creeping infringement on their rights in a secular society . Turkey was founded after secularists in the early 20th century defeated Islamic Ottoman forces , and many modern-day secularists frown on Ottoman symbols . The protests broadened into an outpouring in the square and throughout the country as security forces cracked down on demonstrators . The images , seen worldwide on social media and TV , sparked criticism around the world as well as in Turkey , a NATO member and a U.S. ally . The unrest also signaled political danger for Erdogan , a populist and democratically elected politician serving his third term in office . Erdogan has been criticized -- even by his allies -- for using heavy-handed tactics in his governance and for trying to impose changes without first seeking public input . The park plan represented the final straw for many Turks , who accuse the government of trying to impose its will whenever and wherever it wants . On Friday , Erdogan met with protesters in Ankara and then said he would suspend plans to build the mall in Istanbul pending a court decision on the protesters ' objections to its construction . If the judicial ruling is not in line with what Gezi protesters want , a popular vote will be held . Erdogan also agreed to investigate claims of excessive use of force by police during the protests , some of which have turned violent . Tayfun Kahraman , a city planner speaking on behalf of the Taksim Solidarity protest movement , thanked Erdogan and his ministers for accepting their demands for a meeting . "  We will closely follow his promises and the process . Unfortunately , four people died in the incidents . We still feel the pain of their death . " Despite conciliatory statements from both sides , protesters defied the pleas of their prime minister and remained encamped Saturday in the park where the demonstrations started 19 days ago . Opinion : Past and future collide in Turkey clashes	A massive cleanup is underway , CNN 's Arwa Damon says Police are using tear gas and water cannons to disperse demonstrators Istanbul 's governor says 29 people have been injured "  Can you shake hands with those who reach out with a fist ? " Erdogan asks
CNN  -- Alabama officials Monday asked the full 11th Circuit Court of Appeals to reinstate portions of a tough law targeting illegal immigrants after a three-judge panel blocked those provisions . "  We are filing this based on principle , " Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley , a Republican , said in a statement announcing the move . "  As the governor of Alabama , I have a duty to uphold and defend Alabama law . Federal courts should not restrain state governments in a way that is contrary to the U.S. Constitution . " The Obama administration took Alabama to court over the law , arguing that the legislation and a similar act in Georgia law encroached on federal authority . Undocumented immigrants face arrest as they proclaim , ` No papers , no fear ' The judges blocked parts of the Alabama law in August , including language that makes it a crime for undocumented immigrants to work or solicit work ; imposed criminal penalties to hide "  an alien " or rent property to anyone in the United States illegally ; and required state officials to check the immigration status of children in public schools . The judges let stand one of the most controversial portions of the law , allowing local and state police check a person 's immigration status while enforcing other laws . The ruling followed a U.S. Supreme Court ruling that upheld a similar law in Arizona despite a federal challenge . Mary Bauer , the legal director for the Montgomery-based Southern Poverty Law Center , called the law "  illegal and immoral " and said the center was confident the judges ' ruling would stand . "  We are disappointed that the state is continuing to stand behind this unjust and hateful law , which has brought so much shame and ridicule upon the state , " Bauer said in a written statement . What 's next in Arizona immigration battle ? CNN 's Catherine Shoichet and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	"  We are filing this based on principle , " Alabama 's governor says A three-judge panel struck down portions of the Alabama law in August The Southern Poverty Law Center calls the law "  illegal and immoral "
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Libyan authorities have found the bodies of two foreigners who appear to have been shot during a picnic on a beach west of Tripoli , media officials said Thursday . The bodies were discovered on Tallil Seyahi Beach on the outskirts of the coastal city of Sabratha , according to the Sabratha Media Center . The identities and the nationalities of the two , described only as a man and a woman , have not been released . The UK Foreign Office and the New Zealand Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade said they were looking into whether the dead were citizens of Britain and New Zealand . "  We are aware of reports that the bodies of two foreign nationals have been found in Libya , and we are urgently seeking further information from the authorities , " said Sinead Keller of the UK Foreign Office . An official at the New Zealand foreign ministry said it was working with "  relevant authorities to confirm this . " "  The bodies have not yet been formally identified and the next of kin have not yet been informed , " the ministry official said . The two foreigners were reported missing , and police were actively searching for them when the bodies were discovered , the Sabratha Media Center said . It was not immediately clear from the media center how long the two were missing before their bodies were found . An initial police investigation shows the two were having a picnic in a somewhat remote area near a partially built resort . A photo posted on the Sabratha Media Center Facebook page purports to show the man and woman , who are lying face down in the sand . Near the bodies is a blanket that is spread out , with food and drinks strewn about . A backpack sat nearby . CNN can not confirm the authenticity of the photo , which the Sabratha Media Center said it obtained and posted to its Facebook page . According to an initial police investigation , there are tire marks in the area . Investigators are looking for possible motives behind the killings , officials said . In recent weeks there has been a rise in crime in the area , including a Libyan man who was killed during a reported carjacking , according to the media center . The beaches in and around Sabratha are among some of the most developed on Libya 's western coastline . They were a popular destination for picnics and swimming among foreigners before the 2011 uprising that ousted dictator Moammar Gadhafi . Jomana Karadsheh reported from Tripoli , and Chelsea J. Carter wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	The bodies were discovered on Tallil Seyahi Beach on the outskirts of Sabratha , media officials say The two appeared to be having a picnic when they were shot , the Sabratha Media Center said The bodies were found in a fairly remote area near a partially built resort
When jury selection gets underway in a Phoenix courtroom on Monday , attorneys may be hard-pressed to find jurors untainted by news of the case against Jodi Arias . Lurid details about how the former waitress seduced her lover and left a trail of pictures depicting their sex play , before shooting and nearly decapitating him , created a media sensation for months during her 2013 trial . A new jury will be tasked with determining punishment after her first jury found her guilty of first-degree murder but deadlocked on whether she should be put to death for the 2008 murder of her ex-boyfriend , Travis Alexander , who was stabbed 29 times , had his neck slit from ear to ear and shot in the face . "  She 's very scared , " said Donavan Bering , a friend of Arias . "  Things changed for her . She came to the realization that she did n't want the death penalty . She wants to be able to see her mom and her family . " After efforts to settle the case went nowhere and legal motions to drop the death penalty were denied , Arias will resume the fight for her life with the help of a lead attorney , Kirk Nurmi , that she neither wants or trusts . "  I do not trust his advice and especially do not trust how he might conduct himself towards me because I know from personal experience that he is curt , rude and condescending , " she wrote in a 12-page , single-spaced handwritten letter to the judge in October of 2013 . When her efforts to replace him were unsuccessful , she persuaded the judge to let her represent herself , but then changed her mind weeks before the start of her retrial . The defense team is made up of Nurmi , Jennifer Willmott and mitigation specialist Maria Delarosa . Sex , lies and digital images While Arias has the same defense team , trial strategy could be a lot different if Nurmi follows the advice of jury foreman William Zervakos , who shared his thoughts with the defense team when they met with him to discuss the case . "  Jodi Arias is her own worst enemy . She 's a terrible defendant , " said Zervakos , one of the four jurors who voted to spare her life . "  I was candid with them . I told them it was best if she were not on the stand . " "  The strategy this time is to keep Jodi off the stand , " said a source close to the defense . "  However , Jodi has a mind of her own . " Arias spent 18 days on the witness stand recalling the minutiae of her allegedly abusive relationship with Alexander , but claimed to have no recollection of the actual attack . The trial was rife with sex , lies and digital images , including graphic autopsy photos that showed Alexander 's body . But the 2013 hung jury brought to a close a dramatic chapter in a high-profile case that lasted months , drawing spectators who lined up for courtroom seats and waited anxiously outside the courthouse . Emotions ran high in the courtroom as the jury 's inability to agree on a sentence was announced . Arias appeared to be on the verge of tears . One of Alexander 's sisters sobbed . Even the normally stoic judge 's voice cracked as she dismissed jurors . "  Ladies and gentlemen , on behalf of the participants in this trial , I wish to thank you for your extraordinary service to this community , " she told them . "  This was not your typical trial . You were asked to perform very difficult responsibilities . " An alternate juror and a juror who was on the panel cried as the verdict was being read . As the jury filed out of the courtroom , one juror said , "  I 'm sorry " to Alexander 's family . Jurors had deliberated for more than 13 hours in the penalty phase of the trial when they told the court they would n't be able to agree on a verdict . "  We 'll never know what happened , and whatever triggered that rage , " said Zervakos . "  She must be held accountable . But up until then , she had led a relatively normal life . " Witnesses threatened and intimidated ? The jury foreman found mitigating evidence in her lack of criminal history and was not persuaded by the state 's argument that the murder was premeditated . Despite the heavy social media backlash from people who wanted the death penalty for Arias , Zervakos said time has only made him more comfortable with in his decision . Arias needs only to persuade one juror to vote in her favor to avoid the death penalty . While the odds may seem favorable , it is a formidable challenge for a defense team that has complained that their witnesses have been threatened , intimidated and bullied into silence by "  haters " who loathe Arias . "  It 's impossible to get a fair trial with all the publicity this case has received , " said a source close to the defense . "  We had several witnesses who backed down because they are so afraid to support Jodi . " The jury is expected to hear the state argue that the murder was especially cruel and heinous , a violent attack that included dozens of stab wounds , a knife wound to the neck that went down to the spine , and a bullet to the head . Arias ' behavior before and after the murder -- allegedly stealing her grandfather 's gun , getting rid of incriminating evidence , including the weapons used in the attack , and a rendezvous with a prospective lover hours after killing Alexander -- are likely fodder for the state 's case for the death penalty . The reluctance of defense witnesses to testify may also have something to do with the aggressive style of prosecutor Juan Martinez , whose cross of defense expert Alyce LaViolette caused her such anxiety she sought medical help during the trial . She refused to return for the retrial , telling CNN 's Ted Rowlands : "  Threats to my life , threats to my family . My family does n't want me to go back . " LaViolette was n't the only defense witness raked over the coals by Martinez , who mocked the professionalism of defense psychologist Richard Samuels , suggesting his judgment was clouded by his fondness for Arias . The psychologist testified that one of the reasons for Arias ' amnesia was post-traumatic stress disorder . The exchanges between Martinez and Samuels became so heated during trial that defense attorney Jennifer Willmott pleaded with the judge to intervene and "  tell  the prosecutor  stop yelling at the witness . " While some of Arias ' witnesses have abandoned the case , the defense has cobbled together a "  handful of witnesses , " their names kept secret and their testimony spared the pressure of live TV coverage by a court order , said the source close to the defense . Judge Sherry Stephens ruled that while TV cameras will be permitted in the retrial , no video can be aired until a verdict has been rendered . Her decision came after the defense argued that live TV coverage would keep their witnesses from testifying . "  There will be people testifying that now feel safe where they did n't before , " said Bering , Arias ' friend . "  I think there will be a lot of surprises . "	Jury selection in penalty phase of Jodi Arias case to begin Monday She was convicted of murder of ex-boyfriend Travis Alexander He was stabbed 29 times , had his neck slit and was shot in the face Jury that convicted her deadlocked on death penalty
CNN  -- U.S. military forces conducted an operation Monday in Somalia against the Al-Shabaab network , Pentagon press secretary Rear Adm. John Kirby said . Here is a Q&A that looks at the al Qaeda-linked militant group : What is Al-Shabaab and what are its aims ? Al-Shabaab is a Somali group that was designated as a foreign terrorist organization by the U.S. government in March 2008 . It is seeking to turn Somalia into a fundamentalist Islamic state , according to the Council on Foreign Relations . The group is believed to be responsible for attacks in Somalia that have killed international aid workers , journalists , civilian leaders and African Union peacekeepers . It has struck abroad , too . It was responsible for the July 2010 suicide bombings in Kampala , Uganda , that killed more than 70 people , including a U.S. citizen , as they gathered to watch a World Cup final soccer match . How big is it ? The total size of the group is not clear . A U.S. official who declined to be identified because of the sensitivity of the information said in 2011 that Al-Shabaab was estimated to control up to 1,000 fighters in the country . A U.N. report identifies one insurgent leader who is "  believed to command an estimated force of between 200 and 500 fighters , " most of them Kenyans . And it has links to other groups . In February 2012 , the group 's leader , Ahmed Abdi Godane , and al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri released a video announcing the alliance of the two organizations . Though Al-Shabaab 's size may be in doubt , its potential for sowing terror is not . "  I would say that the greatest risks right now in East Africa are Al-Shabaab and the violent extremists that they represent , " said Gen. Carter Ham in 2011 , when he was commander of the U.S. Africa Command . Al-Shabaab 's origins Decades of weak government amid grinding poverty have long made Somalia a target for radical Islamist groups . Al-Shabaab 's predecessor was al-Ittihad al-Islami  AIAI  , which worked to create an Islamist emirate in Somalia . It was , in part , funded by former al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden , according to the Council on Foreign Relations . AIAI , which the U.S. State Department designated as a terrorist organization , strengthened after the fall in 1991 of Siad Barre 's military regime and amid the years of lawlessness that ensued . In 2003 , a rift erupted between IAIA 's old guard -- who were seeking to establish a new political front -- and its younger members  Al-Shabaab , which means "  the youth "  , who were seeking to establish fundamental Islamic rule . That led the latter to ally with a group of sharia courts -- the Islamic Courts Union  ICU  -- that was seeking to impose order over a landscape marked by feuding warlords in the capital city . Working together , the ICU and Al-Shabaab succeeded in 2006 in gaining control of Mogadishu . That sparked fears in neighboring Ethiopia that violence would spill over there , according to the Council on Foreign Relations . Those fears -- combined with a request from Somalia 's transitional government -- led Ethiopian forces to enter Somalia in December 2006 and to remove the ICU from power . That move proved to be a turning point , one that radicalized Al-Shabaab , which attacked Ethiopian forces and gained control of parts of central and southern Somalia , according to a 2011 case study by Rob Wise , who was then with the Counterterrorism Program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies . What is Al-Shabaab 's relationship with Kenya ? In 2011 , the Kenyan government ordered a cross-border incursion intended to create a security buffer zone in southern Somalia after attacks on tourist destinations in northern Kenya that it blamed on Al-Shabaab . More recently , Ethiopian troops crossed the border and expelled Al-Shabaab from Baidoa , a strategic town midway between the Ethiopian border and Mogadishu . The group then targeted African Union soldiers and government buildings in the capital in suicide attacks . A suicide bombing in March 2012 killed five people at the Presidential Palace . Analysts say tension appears to have been growing within Al-Shabaab between Somalis and foreign fighters , several hundred of whom are thought to have entered Somalia in recent years to join the group . There may also have been disagreement within the group about the announcement in February 2012 of an alliance between Al-Shabaab and al Qaeda and about the group 's ban on foreign aid organizations working in Somalia to save millions threatened by famine . How and from where does it recruit ? The organization has a sophisticated public relations arm that includes a Twitter account and video production abilities . A 2009 Al-Shabaab video is as slickly produced as a reality TV show , complete with a hip-hop jihad voice and a startling message . "  Mortar by mortar , shell by shell , only going to stop when I send them to hell , " an unidentified voice raps on the video in American English . The video shows a man reported to have been Abu Mansoor al-Amriki , a U.S. citizen from Alabama . "  Away from your family , away from our friends , away from ice , candy bars , all those things is because we 're waiting to meet the enemy , " he says . But enemies -- and alliances -- can shift . Al-Amriki , whose real name is Omar Hammami , said last year in a video posted online that he had had a fallout with Al-Shabaab "  regarding matters of the sharia and matters of strategy " and feared for his life . He was reported to have been killed in Somalia by Al-Shabaab . CNN is not able to confirm the report . Finding replacements may not be hard . Sheikh Ahmed Matan , a member of Britain 's Somali community , said he knows of hundreds of young Somali men living in the West who returned to Somalia for terrorist training . How is it funded ? The once-ragtag Somalia-based al Qaeda affiliate has grown into an economic powerhouse , raising tens of millions of dollars in cash from schemes that have involved extortion , illegal taxation and other "  fees , " according to the 2011 United Nations report . The United States believed then that the group was coordinating with al Qaeda groups in Yemen and might have been plotting attacks in the region and abroad . In 2011 , it was generating "  between $ 70 million and $ 100 million per year , from duties and fees levied at airports and seaports , taxes on goods and services , taxes in kind on domestic produce , ` jihad contributions , ' checkpoints and various forms of extortion justified in terms of religious obligation , " according to the report from the U.N. Monitoring Group on Somalia and Eritrea . How have Somalis been affected ? Years of lawlessness and poverty have exacted a toll that Al-Shabaab has not helped . In 2011 , the United Nations declared a famine in the southern Somalia regions of Bakool and Lower Shabelle , and Al-Shabaab reversed an earlier pledge to allow aid agencies to provide food in famine-stricken areas . That year , the U.N. Interagency Group for Child Mortality Estimation announced that Somalia had the highest mortality rate for children 4 and younger in the world . A report jointly commissioned by the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization and the USAID-funded Famine Early Warning Systems Network reported that 258,000 Somalis had died in the famine between October 2010 and April 2012 and that half of the victims were younger than five . What is the United States doing ? The United States has supported U.N.-backed African forces fighting Al-Shabaab and strengthened its counterterrorism efforts against the group . It has also donated millions in aid . What is the status of Somalia 's government today ? In September 2012 , Somali parliament members selected Hassan Sheikh Mohamud as the new president in a vote that marked a milestone for the nation , which had not had a stable central government since Barre 's overthrow 21 years before . That did not mean Al-Shabaab was calling it quits . In January 2013 , French forces attempted to rescue a French intelligence commando held hostage in Somalia by the group . The raid left the soldier dead , another soldier missing and 17 Islamist fighters dead . But there has been political progress there . In January last year , for the first time in more than two decades , the United States granted official recognition to the Somali government . CNN 's Tim Lister , Barbara Starr , Paula Newton , David McKenzie and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Al-Shabaab is an al-Qaeda-linked militant group based in Somalia It was once allied with sharia courts , which tried to impose order on the lawless country The U.S. government designated it as a foreign terrorist organization in 2008 Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the deadly attack at a Kenyan mall in September last year
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- Two U.S. service members were killed Monday during operations in southern Iraq , the U.S. military said Tuesday . There were no further details about the incident , and their names are being withheld pending notification of next of kin . Violence has dropped dramatically in recent years in Iraq . Under a U.S.-Iraqi security pact , which set a timetable to withdraw American forces , U.S. troops must be out of Iraq by Jan. 1 , 2012 . However , U.S. troops have increasingly been targeted by roadside bombings and mortar attacks , largely in Baghdad and southern Iraq -- a Shiite stronghold . Five American soldiers were killed June 6 , the single largest loss of life among U.S. troops since 2009 , and the military says that attack is likely the work Shiite militia trying to take credit for driving forces out of the country .	The incident occurred in southern Iraq Under a U.S.-Iraqi security pact , U.S. troops must be out by the end of the year Five American soldiers were killed earlier this month
Washington  CNN  -- Hillary Clinton backed President Barack Obama 's historic easing of decades-old sanctions against Cuba on Wednesday and said she is "  deeply relieved " by the release of U.S. contractor Alan Gross . Clinton , who was secretary of state when Gross was arrested in 2009 , backed Obama in a statement Wednesday night that was in stark contrast with her Republican counterparts in the field of potential 2016 presidential contenders . "  I support President Obama 's decision to change course on Cuba policy , while keeping the focus on our principal objective -- supporting the aspirations of the Cuban people for freedom , " Clinton said in a statement . She called Gross 's release "  great news , " and noted that as secretary of state , she pushed for his release , stayed in contact with Gross 's family and "  called for a new direction in Cuba . " "  Despite good intentions , our decades-long policy of isolation has only strengthened the Castro regime 's grip on power , " Clinton said . "  As I have said , the best way to bring change to Cuba is to expose its people to the values , information and material comforts of the outside world , " she said . "  The goal of increased U.S. engagement in the days and years ahead should be to encourage real and lasting reforms for the Cuban people . And the other nations of the Americas should join us in this effort . " Her comments largely echo Obama 's remarks . But Republicans , like Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , called the move to ease the two countries ' diplomatic strain a mistake , saying it would weaken the United States ' negotiating position in pushing for democracy in the communist nation .	Hillary Clinton endorsed President Barack Obama 's announcement to normalize relations with Cuba Clinton called the release of U.S. contractor Alan Gross "  great news "
Washington  CNN  -- Solicitor General Elena Kagan was easily confirmed Thursday as the next associate justice of the U.S. Supreme Court , completing the 50-year-old native New Yorker 's climb to the peak of the American legal profession . The 63-37 vote was mostly along party lines . Five GOP senators backed Kagan , and only one Democrat -- Sen. Ben Nelson of Nebraska -- opposed her . Republican leaders offered spirited floor opposition to the nominee , but were unable to muster a prolonged delay or filibuster of the vote . Kagan is set to begin a lifetime position as the nation 's 112th justice . She will be sworn into office Saturday afternoon , taking the traditional constitutional and judicial oaths . The newest justice will then be able to assume her court duties immediately . Her brisk confirmation was a political victory for President Barack Obama -- who placed Justice Sonia Sotomayor on the high court last year -- and for Senate Democrats . Obama after the vote predicted Kagan will be an "  outstanding Supreme Court justice , " and thanked senators for giving his nominee a fair and timely hearing . "  They got a sense of her formidable intelligence , her rich understanding of our Constitution , her commitment to the rule of law , and her excellent and occasionally irreverent sense of humor , " said the president . "  And they have come to understand why , throughout her career , she has earned the respect and admiration of folks from across the political spectrum , an achievement reflected in today 's bipartisan vote . " Kagan was the administration 's solicitor general when Obama nominated her on May 10 to replace retired Justice John Paul Stevens . She will become the current court 's youngest member and third woman . White House and Justice Department sources said Kagan watched the confirmation vote on television at the Justice Department , with colleagues in the solicitor general 's office . During the final day of floor debate , Republicans continued to raise deep concerns over what they contended was Kagan 's lack of judicial experience , her views on gun rights , and her past work inside the Clinton White House . They said that she will become a judicial "  activist " intent on twisting the law to fit her personal political agenda . "  Throughout Ms. Kagan 's career she has put her politics above the law , " said Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions , the top Republican on the Senate Judiciary Committee and leader of opposition to Kagan . "  The American people will not easily forgive this Senate if we confirm Ms. Kagan to the Supreme Court . They will not easily forgive the Senate if we further expose our Constitution to revision and rewrite by judicial fiat . " Among other things , Republicans have repeatedly slammed Kagan 's handling of military recruiters seeking access to the Harvard Law School campus earlier this decade , when Kagan served as dean . Kagan has said she staunchly opposes the military 's "  do n't ask , do n't tell " ban on gays and lesbians serving openly in the military . One last-minute "  no " vote came from Massachusetts Sen. Scott Brown , the chamber 's newest Republican . "  I believe nominees to the Supreme Court should have previously served on the bench , " said Brown , generally considered to be a key moderate . "  Lacking that , I look for many years of practical courtroom experience to compensate for the absence of prior judicial experience . In Elena Kagan 's case , she is missing both . "  The best umpires , " he said , referencing to a popular line from Chief Justice John Roberts ' confirmation hearings , "  must not only call balls and strikes , but also have spent enough time on the playing field to know the strike zone . " Brown , who replaced the late Democratic Sen. Ted Kennedy in February , had earlier effusively praised Kagan , and personally introduced her at the start of her confirmation hearings in June . Kagan lived in Massachusetts for several years before becoming solicitor general . Democrats argued that Kagan possesses the intelligence and professional background necessary to be a force on the high court . They said they hope she will help counter what many on the left contend are excessively conservative court rulings that defy the will of Congress while hurting individual workers and voters . When confirmed , "  average Americans will be a step closer to once again having their voices heard in the highest court in the land , " said Sen. Chuck Schumer , D-New York . "  Elena Kagan is a role model for so many women entering the legal profession today , " said Sen. Barbara Boxer , D-California . "  Her intellect , other broad range of legal experience , her sense of fairness  and  her profound respect for the law make her well-qualified to serve as an associate justice of the court . " Conservative opposition to Kagan failed to resonate this election year , a stark contrast to the heated Supreme Court confirmation battles of Roberts and Samuel Alito in 2005 . Television and radio ads from advocacy groups were few , and serious grassroots outrage never materialized . Administration officials painted Kagan as a moderate liberal , and many legal analysts seemed to agree she was a politically safe pick for Obama . "  The president probably got exactly what he wanted , and that 's not someone who makes either the far right or the far left terribly happy . She seems to be a centrist , pragmatic progressive -- someone who 's on the left but not the extreme left , " said Thomas Goldstein , a top Washington lawyer and founder of the Web site scotusblog.com . "  She 's a nominee without much of a track record , and therefore not much to attack . And the air really went entirely out of the balloon when trying to draw attention to her , maybe paint her as a liberal , or create her as an issue for the upcoming elections in November . " Kagan was born in Manhattan in 1960 , one of three children of a lawyer father and schoolteacher mother . She graduated from Harvard Law School and served in a prestigious Supreme Court clerkship with the late Justice Thurgood Marshall . While never a judge herself , Kagan 's resume is diverse : work on Michael Dukakis ' 1988 presidential campaign ; a lawyer in private practice for two years ; stints as a law professor and later , dean ; four years as a legal and policy adviser in the Clinton White House ; and most recently as solicitor general in the Obama Justice Department . She supervised every federal appeal presented to the high court during her tenure at the Justice Department , and personally argued six cases before the same justices she will now count as colleagues . Kagan will join a closely divided court that often splits in favor of a shaky 5-4 conservative majority . Despite no judicial record to draw clues on the kind of justice she would become , White House officials had quietly assured allies Kagan would be a "  reliable " liberal vote similar to Stevens , the well-respected unofficial leader of the left-leaning bloc on the court . She is , therefore , not expected to tilt the current ideological balance on the high court . Among the cases she will confront in her first term beginning in October will be disputes over protests at military funerals , state bans on violent video games , and the death penalty . High-profile appeals that may reach the court in the next couple of years include Arizona 's sweeping immigration reform law and California 's ban on same-sex marriage . CNN 's Alan Silverleib contributed to this report	Elena Kagan is confirmed as the 112th Supreme Court justice Five Senate Republicans backed Kagan ; one Democrat opposed her Republicans have called Kagan a political activist with little judicial experience Democrats have praised Kagan 's intellect and said she may help balance the court
CNN  -- Anthony Wichman probably rather would have told the story of the one that got away . Instead , the 54-year-old Koloa , Hawaii , man won his one-hour battle with a 230-pound Ahi tuna -- but only after the fish nearly drowned him and left him clinging to his capsized boat . The Coast Guard said it rescued Wichman by zeroing in on his cell phone signal about 10 miles southwest of Port Allen , Kauai , Friday morning . While gasping for air , the stranded fisherman called his daughter , Anuhea Wichman . She told CNN affiliate KHON her father hooked the tuna and got it onto his 14-foot boat after about an hour . "  He gaffed it once in the back , and the second gaff went straight into the fish 's eye and that caused the fish to take a final dive . And he dove straight down , and the line wrapped around my dad 's ankle and pulled him overboard , " Anuhea Wichman said . When she answered his phone call , she said , "  All I could hear was him hyperventilating , and I could hear him puking . " He managed to say "  sinking " and "  Coast Guard . " After that call , the Coast Guard reached him on the phone and worked with 911 operators to determine his position . A rescue diver dropped from a helicopter and helped hoist him aboard . See also : Waterproof phones and tablets make a splash Wichman suffered only a few bruises and a rope burn , KOHN reported . Even better , two friends who arrived to tow Wichman 's boat to shore discovered the tuna still was hooked and attached to the capsized vessel . Wichman 's family asked the fishermen to keep the tuna as a token of their appreciation , KOHN said . Nantucket man wrestles sharks CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	Wounded fish dives off boat with line still around fisherman 's ankle Dramatic cell phone call to daughter alerts Coast Guard Fisherman survives with minor injuries Friends salvage boat and find tuna still attached
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A day after New Jersey banned executions , newly released figures show that capital punishment dropped this year to a 13-year low . The Supreme Court will hold oral arguments January 7 about the constitutionality of lethal injection protocols . Forty-two people have been put to death this year , according to the Death Penalty Information Center  DPIC  , a Washington-based group that opposes the practice . That figure is down 57 percent from what it was in 1999 , when 98 inmates were executed . Next year 's figures are expected to drop further . The Supreme Court is to hold oral arguments January 7 about whether lethal injection protocols in 36 of the 37 states with the death penalty are constitutional . See how the rates have dropped " The justices placed a moratorium on executions in late September , when they decided to review a Kentucky case about whether the three-drug lethal "  cocktail " of chemicals represents "  cruel and unusual punishment , " since it may cause excruciating pain to inmates unable to express discomfort . Stays of executions have been issued in several states until the larger constitutional issues are addressed . If the high court finds the procedures unconstitutional , it could take years before death-penalty states would meet legal standards necessary to resume lethal injection . And even if the method is declared acceptable , it would be months before new execution dates could be set . Ten states carried out executions this year . Outside the South , Arizona , South Dakota , Indiana , and Ohio together subjected six men to lethal injection . Learn about states ' death penalty policies and statistics " Texas continues to lead the nation , with 62 percent of executions nationwide this year . Overall , 86 percent this year were in the South . No more executions are scheduled this year . "  The death penalty has been in a period of decline for many years , " said Richard Dieter , executive director of DPIC . "  Two thousand seven will be known as the year executions came to a temporary halt and as the year of concrete legislation reconsidering the death penalty . " Death penalty supporters acknowledge that states outside the South have been reluctant to impose the punishment , even in the face of rising big-city crime rates . "  I think the main problem is that the death penalty is not being imposed often enough in those urban jurisdictions , " said Kent Scheidegger of the Sacramento-based Criminal Justice Legal Foundation . "  I think people of the cities are not getting the quality of justice that people elsewhere receive . I think we need to build support for the death penalty and need to impose it more regularly where it is warranted . " New Jersey 's legislature voted last week to outlaw the death penalty -- the first state to do so in 42 years -- and Gov. Jon Corzine signed the measure into law Monday . At the same time , he commuted the sentences of the eight men on the state 's death row . The move was largely symbolic , since no executions have occurred there since 1963 . Similar bills in Nebraska , New Mexico and Montana failed this year in the legislature . State lawmakers in Maryland , Colorado , North Carolina , Tennessee and California are also considering abolishing the death penalty , but no bills have been introduced . The Supreme Court on January 4 will decide whether to review an appeal from Louisiana inmate Patrick Kennedy , sentenced to death in 2003 for raping his 8-year-old stepdaughter . The state 's high court upheld the punishment as appropriate . The justices in 1976 banned capital punishment for rape , but 19 years later , Louisiana passed a law allowing execution for the sexual violation of a child under 12 . State lawmakers distinguished the earlier high court case as pertaining only to "  adult women . " E-mail to a friend	Death Penalty Information Center : 42 people have been put to death this year That 's down 57 percent from 1999 level , when 98 inmates were executed Figure partly due to states questioning the constitutionality of lethal injection Texas leads the nation in executions this year , according to DPIC
On Sunday , all contact with AirAsia Flight 8501 was lost over the Java Sea as a wide area of thunderstorms covered the area . The discovery of floating debris on Tuesday about 100 miles from its last known position , in combination with an analysis of ocean currents , will give investigators clues where to search for the remainder of the aircraft . From its cruise altitude , the airplane 's gliding distance would also be about 100 miles , but consider that for the debris to drift that same 100 miles it would only take a drift rate of 2 knots , yielding a wide range of possibilities as to the nature of the aircraft 's descent to the water below . Many parallels between AirAsia 8501 and Air France 447 in June 2009 are obvious . Both aircraft were lost in thunderstorm areas of the Intertropical Convergence Zone  ITCZ  . Both crashed at sea where floating debris drifted for days from the point of contact with the sea before being discovered , and both were sophisticated fly-by-wire Airbus aircraft  though different models  . While flying into a thunderstorm is always to be avoided , it was not likely the sole cause of the accident . The reported requests by the crew to deviate course and change altitude seeking to avoided thunderstorm cells and turbulence are completely normal . The weather in the ITCZ has some unique qualities compared to your average thunderstorm over land . The storms are driven by the convergence of airflow patterns between the northern and southern hemispheres of the Earth , in addition to the usual factors of warm moist air and unstable atmospheric conditions . The height of the stratosphere -- which tends to put a cap on the height of thunderstorm growth -- averages about 35,000 feet over the mid latitudes  such as that of mainland USA  , but reaches to 50,000 feet or more in the ITCZ , providing for the growth of thunderstorms to great heights and accompanying intensity . These features can lead to some unusual conditions such as icing or heavy rain within those storms where it may not normally be expected , as was the case with AF 447 when its airspeed-sensing probes became clogged . In the aftermath of the Air France crash , in addition to an improved design of the probes , significant emphasis has been placed on pilot training on the prevention and recovery from similar scenarios -- such as loss of airspeed indications and high altitude stall recovery . I would say all pilots , especially of Airbus aircraft , would be aware of AF447 's lessons , including QZ8501 's captain , given his reported experience . There is a recent development however that relates to Airbus A320 series aircraft . A December 10 , 2014 , Airworthiness Directive  AD 2014-25-51  describes how control of the aircraft could be lost in flight as a consequence of icing of the angle-of-attack probes and an interaction with the airplane 's stall protection function . Those probes act like small weather vanes on the side of the aircraft and measure the angle at which the airplane moves through the air -- the angle of attack . If the angle is too high the air can no longer flow smoothly around the wings , resulting in an aerodynamic stall . The acceptable range of angles of attack is fairly small , and gets considerably smaller at higher speeds , such as cruise speed . Simply put , depending on the position of the angle-of-attack probes when freezing occurs and the subsequent speed of the aircraft , the system may be fooled into thinking that the aircraft is approaching a stalled condition -- even when it is n't . In response , the airplane 's stall protections pitch the aircraft 's nose down to recover . This erroneous pitch down can not be overridden by the pilots unless an emergency procedure in the Airworthiness Directive is followed . All pilots flying this model airplane should be aware of this . The procedure instructs the pilots to shut down two of the three air data computers to render the usual stall protection inoperative and allow recovery of the aircraft . Of course , there is no way , at this stage of the investigation , to know if this played a part , but investigators will certainly be looking for evidence of this phenomenon . Another obvious question is the apparent lack of transmitted position and altitude data after its last known position in cruise . This data is transmitted throughout the flight by a system known as ADS-B  Automatic Dependent Surveillance-Broadcast  . This system transmits the airplane 's position and other basic data to ground stations . Though its position is GPS-satellite derived , it is not transmitted to satellites , only to ground stations -- so the range to the nearest receiving ground station is a factor in the availability of that data . The apparent sudden loss of this data at cruise could be explained by failures in flight such as an electrical failure , in-flight breakup of the aircraft , or the pilots switching off required data to operate the system such as that outlined in the emergency procedure above . However , it could also be that the aircraft simply flew out of range of the ground stations . Flight tracking websites indicate that this routinely occurs in the general area where QZ8501 's last ADS-B transmission was made . I think that is the most likely cause of the end of the data stream and is not necessarily an indication of catastrophic failure in flight . In the case of Air France 447 , the aircraft came down in the Atlantic Ocean where the sea depth exceeded 12,000 feet . While some floating wreckage and a number of bodies were discovered within a few days on the surface , the extreme depth and rough terrain on the ocean bottom delayed discovery of the remainder of the aircraft and recovery of the flight recorders for two years . Fortunately , the 100-foot depth of the Java Sea in the area where evidence of QZ8501 was found will almost certainly result in the relatively rapid location of the aircraft and recovery of the two flight recorders . Consideration of ocean currents during the two days between the aircraft 's disappearance and the discovery of floating debris will help lead investigators to find the remainder of the aircraft and its passengers . We should not be subjected to long period of uncertainty such as with AF447 -- or the continuing lack of information on MH370 . While any accident investigation will take months to complete , I would expect more information to be available as the search and recovery continues . Clues from the way in which airplane parts were damaged on impact and the flight data and voice recorder contents will provide answers . But like any aircraft accident , the cause is likely to be the result of a chain of events and conditions , the absence of any one of which would have avoided this tragic accident . At this time , we can only guess what some of those events and conditions are .	Bill Palmer : AirAsia crash bears similarities in terms of weather , other factors , to AF447 He says storms in the Intertropical Convergence Zone can grow to great height , intensity Palmer : Real causes wo n't be known until more of the plane is recovered , analyzed
CNN  -- When the highly anticipated movie "  X-Men Origins : Wolverine " opened Friday in theaters , many fans had already seen it . The pirating and distribution of "  Wolverine , " starring Hugh Jackman , is being investigated by the FBI . The online leak of a pirated , unfinished version of the 20th Century Fox film a month ago sent federal authorities springing into action and stoked a heated conversation within the entertainment industry about digital piracy . Piracy of upcoming films is not new , but the theft of "  Wolverine " is especially troubling for an industry concerned with a stalled economy and the financial bottom line . It 's rare for high-quality copies of a big-budget blockbuster to appear on the Internet more than a month before the film 's release , experts say . Within a week of "  Wolverine 's " March 31 leak , more than a million people had downloaded the movie , according to TorrentFreak , a blog devoted to the BitTorrent file-sharing protocol . Watch intrepid reporter look for answers " "  Unfortunately , the recent leak of the Fox film ` Wolverine ' provided a stark backdrop to the impact that digital piracy has on the large investments that producers make in creating state-of-the-art films , " said Rep. Howard Berman , chairman of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs , who oversaw a congressional hearing on piracy after the leak . "  During our hearing in Los Angeles , director Steven Soderbergh said that in 2007 , the entertainment industry generated a trade surplus of $ 13.6 billion , " Berman added . "  Imagine what those numbers would be if we could rein in piracy . " Bootleg , or illegally copied , movies have long been a thorn to the film industry . In 2003 , a version of Universal 's "  The Hulk " appeared on the Internet two weeks before the film opened . A New Jersey man pleaded guilty to the theft . And in 2005 , a pirated print of "  Star Wars : Episode III -- Revenge of the Sith " was uploaded to the Web within hours of the movie 's release . But where Hollywood 's biggest headache used to be murky , muffled copies of films taken by someone who snuck a camcorder into a theater , today 's pirates are getting more sophisticated and gaining access to better-quality goods . Greg Sandoval , who covers media and digital entertainment for CNET News , said that in the digital age , thieves can gain access to near-perfect advance copies of films on DVD that have greater potential to undermine a movie 's box-office prospects . And even studios ' attempts at safeguarding their products against piracy , such as by encoding DVDs with digital watermarks that allow authorities to trace individual copies , are n't enough , Sandoval said . He said tech-savvy thieves have figured out how to strip such watermarks from DVDs . "  When you 're talking about digital content ... it 's impossible to lock it down completely " from theft , Sandoval said . "  These hackers are very creative . Sometimes , they 're one step ahead of the security experts . " 20th Century Fox issued a statement vowing to prosecute the "  Wolverine " thief "  to the fullest extent of the law . " The FBI is investigating , but as of Thursday , no arrests had been made . Darcy Antonellis , president of technical operations for Warner Bros.  which is owned by the parent company of CNN  , said the growth of technology has aided the pirates . "  Digital piracy has continued to increase with greater access to -LSB- files -RSB- and improved broadband services , " said Antonellis , who helps oversee Warner Bros. ' anti-piracy efforts . "  As broadband services increase their capacity to support legitimate services , they also enable increased illegal file-sharing . Technologies have evolved to encumber such distribution but must compete with the strength of viral or super distribution of content . " The bad guys are n't the only ones keeping up with the technology . Keith Bolcar , special agent in charge of the FBI 's cyber division in Los Angeles , said agents and their partners as "  doing everything we can to keep up with the learning curve of technology , hopefully just as fast as our criminal subjects . " The FBI meets routinely with studio representatives to share intelligence , to discuss strategy and to detect and fix vulnerabilities in security measures , he said . "  While I ca n't discuss investigative techniques , we employ a myriad of sophisticated methods to solve these crimes , " said Bolcar , whose office is investigating the "  Wolverine " leak . "  Our investigators receive extensive training and are technologically savvy . " Hollywood also faces the challenge of protecting digital files that pass through so many hands while in production and post-production . Antonellis said Warner Bros. works diligently to safeguard its properties . "  Each project , for us , is unique , with its own unique set of challenges , " she said . "  Whether there are 50 or 500 people involved in the process , we try to focus on ownership/responsibility of our assets throughout the entire production through to distribution process . " John Malcolm , director of worldwide anti-piracy operations for the Motion Picture Association of America , said digital piracy can take many forms , including peer-to-peer file sharing and streaming . Malcolm said the association is conducting a lot of outreach to universities and Internet service providers to help them address piracy that occurs over their systems . The issue is global , Malcolm said , as evidenced by pending litigation in France that would shut down Internet accounts of illegal downloaders . The association is in litigation against an Australian service provider , iiNet , to try to establish the legal parameters of its responsibility in policing its system , Malcolm said . "  In some cases , we are making great progress with ISP , and in some cases , it 's a little bit tougher going , " Malcolm said . "  After all , it 's their broadband that 's being eaten up , and it slows down their systems . " Berman , D-California , said advances in technologies that enable filtering and other anti-theft tools will help curb piracy . So will creating more sites where viewers can legitimately access movies , shows and music , such as Hulu and the recently announced Vevo , a partnership between Universal Music and YouTube . "  Given how pirated materials often damage computers with viruses , spyware and other problems , consumers will continue to embrace the innovative , legitimate sites that are becoming more and more available , " Berman said . Malcolm agrees . He said there are more than 350 sites that legitimately distribute digital content . If a person is a true movie lover , they will want to respect the art , the artists and the countless people behind the scenes who make the magic happen , Malcolm said . "  I hear periodically , ` Well , Tom Cruise has enough money ' or ` Tom Hanks has enough money , ' " Malcolm said . "  I would say to movie lovers , stick around and watch all of the credits . When you see hundreds of names scrolling across the screen , those are the people whose talents contributed to making that movie , and they need to make a living . " CNN.com 's Brandon Griggs contributed to this story .	Pirated version of "  Wolverine " distributed online weeks before movie 's debut Industry employs technology like digital watermarks to hinder thieves Pending French legislation would shut down Internet accounts of downloaders MPAA exec says fans should consider the livelihood of those who make films
CNN  -- A spacecraft that launched early Sunday is transporting a 3-D printer that could change life on the International Space Station . The SpaceX Dragon lifted off from the Kennedy Space Center at 1:52 a.m. ET . It will arrive on Tuesday , bringing other cargo as well , including 20 mice and elements for 255 scientific experiments aboard the ISS . "  There 's nothing like a good launch , it 's just fantastic , " said Hans Koenigsman , vice president of Mission Assurance for SpaceX . "  From what I can tell , everything went perfectly . " It marks the first time a 3-D printer will be used in space , testing the ability to produce parts cheaply and on demand instead of waiting for them to arrive on a cargo ship . This technology would save time and money in future deep space missions . Also coming along is a device called ISS-RapidScat that will measure the winds on the Earth 's oceans . "  This launch kicks off a very busy time for the space station , " said NASA 's Sam Scimemi , director of the ISS . On September 25 , three new crew members for the ISS will arrive aboard a Soyuz spacecraft . Barry "  Butch " Wilmore of NASA and Alexander Samokutyaev and Elena Serova of the Russian Federal Space Agency will launch from Kazakhstan and are expected to arrive six hours later . This is the Dragon 's fourth cargo flight to the Space Station , including the test flight on May 2012 . In addition to bringing supplies , it is the only spacecraft that can bring back cargo experiment samples . NASA recently announced it was awarding $ 6.8 billion contracts to Space X and Boeing to shuttle cargo and astronauts to and from the ISS . Since NASA 's space shuttle program was retired in 2011 , astronauts have been hitching rides on the Soyuz spacecraft , at a cost of $ 70 million per seat . Both Boeing and SpaceX 's crafts will go through a certification process first . The target date to begin manned missions is 2017 . CNN 's Josh Levs contributed to this report .	The SpaceX Dragon is bringing a 3-D printer and other supplies The printer could allow astronauts to print some things they need The Dragon is the only spacecraft that can bring back experiment samples 3 new crew members will travel to the ISS this week
CNN  -- Does the Web have room for one more social network ? Microsoft thinks so . With Facebook hogging the spotlight last week and Google working to stay in the game with Google + , Microsoft has quietly launched So.cl , which it describes as a social-search tool to share information and meet people with common interests . What it 's not , Microsoft says , is a rival to Facebook . "  So.cl is an experimental research project focused on the future of social experiences and learning , especially among younger people , " Microsoft said Monday in an e-mail . The tool was launched late last year for students at a handful of colleges and universities . Last week , the company quietly made it available to anyone for a public beta test period . Among the features of So.cl  pronounced , of course , "  social "  is a "  bookmarklet " feature similar to Facebook 's "  Like " button . That lets users share sites or pages they find interesting with other users . You can share , comment on or tag other people 's posts . So.cl also has a "  video party " feature that lets users chat with others and incorporate videos into those chats . The tool comes from Microsoft 's FUSE Labs , which works with product research and development teams on new Web and social tools . The initial focus on students still shines through . With So.cl , users can build posts with many elements -- such as photos , video and text -- and share them . It also lets them find other users with similar interests and build communities around specific goals , educational or otherwise . The researchers behind So.cl deliberately sought to collaborate with a student audience that is more holistic -- encompassing representation from the sciences as well as the humanities -- rather than simply technical , says Lili Cheng , general manager of FUSE Labs . Just do n't call it Microsoft 's answer to Facebook . Google and smaller rivals have struggled to gain a foothold in a social-media landscape that Facebook dominates . On So.cl 's FAQ page , Microsoft makes it clear that their new tool is designed as a layer on top of existing networks . "  We expect students to continue using products such as Facebook , Twitter , LinkedIn and other existing social networks , as well as Bing , Google and other search tools , " it says . "  We hope to encourage students to reimagine how our everyday communication and learning tools can be improved by researching , learning and sharing in their everyday lives . "	Microsoft 's social search tool , So.cl , is now available to the public The tool  pronounced "  social "  lets users share Web content with others Designers say it 's not meant as a Facebook competitor Social had been available to some college students since last year
Washington  CNN  -- Increased fighting in Afghanistan has caused a drop in morale among U.S. soldiers while the reduction in combat in Iraq has bolstered morale , according to a new U.S. Army report released Friday . The report summarizes two surveys of U.S. soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan taken earlier this year . New statistics from the Army also show suicides are up in the entire service . Produced every two years by the Army 's Mental Health Advisory Team , this latest report comes just over a week after a U.S. soldier went on a shooting rampage at a U.S. Army base in Texas and possibly just days or weeks from an announcement from the Obama administration to send more troops to Afghanistan , where fighting has gotten more intense in recent months . Authorities have not determined a motive for the shooting . The suspect , Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan , was scheduled to deploy to Afghanistan but had told his family that he wanted to get out of the military . "  Soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan continue to face stress from multiple deployments into combat but report being more prepared for the stresses of deployments , " Lt. Gen. Eric Schoomaker , the Army Surgeon General told reporters Friday . Not surprisingly , the report showed that soldiers with multiple deployments , three or four tours of duty to Iraq or Afghanistan , had much lower morale and more mental health problems than those soldiers who have one or two combat deployments . Increased time at home , however , resulted in improved morale among troops sent back to the field . The updated survey of soldiers in Afghanistan found post-traumatic stress syndrome and depression in soldiers at the same levels of the survey in 2007 , but still about double that of the 2005 survey results : 21.4 percent in 2009 , 23.4 percent for 2007 and 10.4 percent in 2005 , according to the report . In Iraq , where the survey has been done every year , lower numbers were attributed to the decrease in combat action there . The 2009 numbers showed 13.3 percent of soldiers suffering from mental health problems , compared to 18.8 percent in 2007 and 22 percent in 2006 . Army officials said that with the push of more than 20,000 additional troops into the Afghan theater of battle over the last few months , there have been fewer mental health professionals in the field to help . Army officials said the ration was about one mental health professional for every 1,120 soldiers . To combat the falling morale and lack of mental health professionals in the field , Army officials said the service needs to more than double the number of mental health providers and hopes to have at least 65 more of those providers in the field by December , making the ratio one for every 700 soldiers . The mental health assessment teams also conducted interviews with soldiers and found a drop in unit morale in Afghanistan to about half of what it was in 2007 and 2005 , when about 10 percent surveyed gave top ratings to unit morale . In 2009 , that number was 5.7 percent . The report also showed soldiers are seeing more difficulty at home with an increasing number reporting they are getting or considering getting divorced , according to the report . The overall report was based on almost 4,000 soldiers who filled out anonymous surveys in Iraq and Afghanistan between December 2008 and June 2009 . In Iraq , 2,400 soldiers were randomly selected and the results were studied by a mental health assessment team in the combat zone . About 1,500 troops in Afghanistan took the survey , Army officials said . The survey was different from previous years when all types of soldiers were surveyed together . The 2009 survey questioned combat troops and support troops separately , though Army officials said there were few differences in the results . On Friday , the Army also released its latest suicide statistics . They show an increase in the number over this time last year . The Army reported 133 suspected suicides as of October ; there were 115 as of October 2008 . Of the 133 , 90 have been confirmed , and 43 are pending confirmation , according to an Army press release . Last year the Army totaled 140 suicides in its ranks , the highest the service has recorded . "  Stigma continues to be one of the most difficult challenges we confront , " said Brig. Gen. Colleen McGuire , the director of the Suicide Prevention Task Force for the Army . "  The more we educate our Army community about the need to get help , the need to get it early , and that a full recovery is often possible , the less stigma we 'll see . " The Army has implemented a number of suicide prevention programs over the past year , including training , a suicide prevention task force and a day off official duties to focus on suicide prevention .	Report summarizes 2 surveys of soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan taken this year Results attributed to increased fighting in Afghanistan , less in Iraq Army hopes to increase number of mental health providers in the field
London  CNN  -- The Olympic torch began its 70-day , 8,000-mile journey around Britain Saturday from Land 's End in Cornwall , with three-time Olympic gold medal winner Ben Ainslie the first to carry the torch . Ainslie , a sailor who grew up in Cornwall , southwest England , passed the torch on to 18-year-old surfer Anastassia Swallow , the second torchbearer . More than 100 people will carry the flame on the first day of its long voyage , during which it will take in towns , villages and cities across England , Wales , Scotland and Northern Ireland before reaching London . The Olympic flame arrived at a Royal Naval Air Station in Cornwall on Friday , carried by Princess Anne , the president of the British Olympic Association and also an Olympian . She received the flame at an elaborate handover ceremony in Athens Thursday . The flame had been on an eight-day journey round Greece after being lit at ancient Olympia , birthplace of the Olympics , on May 10 . The flame was also accompanied on its flight from Greece by footballer David Beckham , London Mayor Boris Johnson and Sebastian Coe , head of the London 2012 organizing group . "  The arrival of the Olympic Flame on home soil is a magical moment for any host country , " Coe said . "  It will connect millions of people around the UK to the Games in a unique way and allows us to celebrate the best of the UK and its people . " The route for the torch relay has been designed so that the flame will pass within 10 miles of 95 % of the U.K. population before its arrival at the Olympic Stadium in London on July 27 . Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg , who greeted the flame on its arrival in Cornwall , said it was the start of an exciting journey . "  Today , the Olympic flame begins its journey across the nation . 8,000 people will pass it from hand to hand , a human chain that reaches the length and breadth of Britain . "  It will visit a thousand towns , and be seen by millions ; with every step , the excitement will build . And 10 weeks from now , the world will watch as the flame arrives at the new Olympic Stadium , bringing with it the hopes of a nation , " Clegg said . London last hosted the Olympic Games in 1948 .	The 70-day torch relay started in Land 's End , Cornwall , and will finish in London The flame will pass within 10 miles of 95 % of the U.K. population along the route Ben Ainslie , who has won three Olympic golds in sailing , was the first torchbearer The flame was lit on May 10 at ancient Olympia , in Greece , birthplace of the Games
CNN  -- Can beauty be defined by age , gender , color , body shape or size ? Who gets to decide ? Multibillion-dollar beauty and fashion industries both shape and depend on the cult-like worship of what physical attributes the public sees as beautiful . And most women feel the effects of those decisions . The photo exhibition "  Beauty Culture " at the Annenberg Space for Photography in Los Angeles , with 175 pictures by iconic photographers , is aimed at starting people thinking and talking about female beauty . It also peeks into the underbelly of the beauty industry , including its relation to celebrity , plastic surgery , the faux-perfection of airbrushing of advertising and even child beauty pageants . There are a lot of hot-button issues as to how the media and the beauty and fashion worlds depict whole groups of people , why they show them in a particular way or barely notice them at all . However , there 's been a major shift when it comes to diversity in beauty advertising and magazine beauty editorial spreads . Supermodel Veronica Webb , L'Oreal 's corporate diversity director Jean-Claude Le Grand , fashion insider Bethann Hardison , Marie Claire 's beauty editor Erin Flaherty and others share their thoughts on the evolving and increasingly inclusive take on gorgeousness . America 's changing definition of beautiful Several studies suggest that many equate beauty with symmetry , but even within that equation , "  Each time has its own standard  of beauty  , " said photographer Melvin Sokolsky during his lecture at the Annenberg . View more than 30 former Miss USA Pageant queens A photographer , an editor or a casting director may be subject to his or her personal predilections of what beauty is and foist them upon the public , leading entire societal likes and dislikes to shift , too . And that standard in America is changing rapidly . Today , the number of marriages between people of different ethnicities is surging . Back in 1993 , Time magazine 's cover story "  The New Face of America , " featuring a computer generated face consisting of a mix of several ethnicities , is indeed more in line with what most of us now consider beautiful , according to Allure 's 20th Anniversary Beauty Survey . "  Sixty-four percent of all our respondents think women of mixed race represent the epitome of beauty , " the survey says . And of those respondents who said they wished to change their skin color , "  70 % reported that they wanted it to be darker . " Full lips and curvy bodies are also coveted . That 's a far cry from 1991 when most Allure respondents chose blonde haired , blue-eyed Christie Brinkley as the ideal beauty . The all-American look today is much more of a hybrid . One model 's story Model , writer and television personality Veronica Webb  former co-host of "  Tim Gunn 's Guide to Style " on Bravo  experienced this transition from the front lines of the beauty industry . Although Beverly Johnson was the first African-American on the cover of Vogue in 1974 , Webb was the first African-American to win a major cosmetics campaign when she signed on with Revlon in 1992 . "  For me personally it was like almost the impossible dream of the fashion industry , " says Webb of her Revlon campaign . "  The biggest reward , the most money you could make , the highest level of commercial validation . And you know a barrier -- a real barrier , a glass ceiling that existed forever -- got broken . "  And the ideal of beauty , and who represents beauty , and what beautiful is changed so quickly and so radically right after that , that by the time I had my children they ca n't even recognize the world of fashion and beauty that I came up in . " Webb says that in any business when you qualify and can perform on every level , "  but you 're rejected out of hand because of your skin color ... not even your skin color , but the perception of your ` race , ' there 's nothing more frustrating than that , " says Webb . But today there 's a whole spectrum of women who 've helmed beauty campaigns from blonde to brunette , from fair skinned to deep , including celebrities such as Jennifer Lopez , Beyoncé , Freida Pinto , Eva Mendes , Taylor Swift , Kerry Washington , Aishwarya Rai , Drew Barrymore , Gwen Stefani and models such as Liu Wen , Liya Kebede , Christy Turlington and Adriana Lima . A global perspective = good business Time has shown the beauty industry that embracing a world of beauty is n't just good karma , it 's also good for the bottom line . "  For us , the more you are diverse , the more you are successful , " says Le Grand . L'Oreal Group is the world 's largest beauty company and includes 23 international brands , including L'Oreal Paris , Lancôme , Maybelline and Garnier . If you are to be a leader , Le Grand says that you have to understand "  there is a link between beauty and diversity . " And that includes understanding the vision of beauty in places such as China , India , Africa and Europe as well the United States . "  If it 's only one vision of beauty and not a diverse one , you are out . ... We have to reflect everyone from the model to the employee . " Flaherty , Marie Claire 's beauty editor who also once worked at Jane , says that she 's been lucky to work at magazines that are all about a global perspective , diversity and unusual beauty . Diversity , of course , can be expresses a myriad of ways , be it featuring women with freckles , who are curvier or who are 45 and older . An element in the beauty world that changed things , "  was the Dove campaign , " says Flaherty . "  Using many different types of models and reflecting what women really look like . " The campaign 's stated goal is to "  free ourselves and the next generation from beauty stereotypes " and contribute to building self-esteem for young women and others through marketing campaigns featuring women of different shapes , sizes , ages and hues as well as partnering with groups such as the National Eating Disorders Information Center and the Girl Scouts . Bethann Hardison has been a model , modeling agent and recently Vogue Italia editor-at-large . "  I 'm an advocate of the fashion model , " says Hardison , who laments models losing jobs to actors and singers . But she does see big changes in advertising in that it better reflects American demographics . Hardison points out that the beauty industry has a large consumer base , speaks to a broader group of people , and so is more democratic and shifts faster than the fashion world . But as the global economy shifts , so too will fashion with the help of newspaper editors who call out inequities and magazine editors , casting directors , advertising agencies and designers committed to inclusiveness , as well as the public . "  The word beauty is such a controversial word , " says Hardison . "  I think that the more that there 's exposure  of different kinds of looks  , and as long as you expose them consistently , you give people a chance to see what could also be beautiful besides what came before . " The "  Beauty Culture " exhibition opened May 21 and runs through November 27 .	The Beauty Culture exhibit opened in May at the Annenberg Space for Photography The exhibit looks at cultural ideals as well as American standards of beauty Looking at the global perspective for beauty is enlightening for everyone
South Padre Island , Texas  CNN  -- Heavy rains pelting northeastern Mexico left at least one person dead and thousands more in shelters as Hurricane Alex moved inland , Mexican emergency officials said early Thursday . A contractor in Monterrey died when a wall fell on him as a result of the rain , Carlos Eduardo Aguilar of Nuevo Leon 's Civil Protection agency said . CNN-affiliate Televisa reported that at least three other people died when a wall collapsed on them in Acapulco , on the country 's Pacific coast . Alex made landfall along the northeast Mexican coastline late Wednesday as a Category 2 storm with maximum sustained winds of about 100 mph , the National Hurricane Center reported . Forecasters downgraded the storm to a Category 1 hurricane early Thursday morning and said it would continue to weaken as it moved inland . The center reported at 5 a.m. ET that Alex was weakening , but still a Category 1 hurricane , moving west at 12 mph with 80 mph maximum sustained winds . Residents on both sides of the border braced for additional flooding and tornadoes . Rivers and creeks were already well above their normal levels Wednesday . Rescuers saved a young man from rushing waters , Nuevo Leon state officials said . Officials closed schools across the state Thursday as they braced for floods . Heavy rains could cause life-threatening flash floods and mud slides , especially in areas with mountainous terrain , the National Hurricane Center said . Are you affected by Alex ? Send photos , video Power outages were reported throughout the Mexican state of Tamaulipas , where shelters were housing more than 5,200 people Thursday morning , Salvador Treviño Salinas of the state 's Civil Protection agency said . At least 1,500 people were in shelters in the city of Matamoros -- located across the border from Brownsville , Texas -- where flash floods inundated at least 48 neighborhoods after more than 14 inches of rain fell in 24 hours , he said . The storm also affected other Mexican states Wednesday . In Guadalajara , Jalisco , the water reached more than three feet in some streets , Televisa reported . Heavy rains from Alex were also expected to hit the Mexican states of Veracruz , Nuevo Leon , Coahuila , San Luis Potosi and Zacatecas Thursday . In Brownsville , Texas , about 40 streets had flooded by early Thursday morning , Assistant City Manager Jeff Johnston said . Officials predict that the city could see up to 12 inches of rain from the storm , he said -- a significant amount , but less than originally feared . "  We 're keeping a very close eye on the rain , " he said . "  Brownsville is a very flat city ... When we get a significat amount of rain in a short period of time , it 's very difficult to move that water out of the city fast . " At least 1,000 people in southern Texas were taking shelter in evacuation centers as Alex 's winds and heavy rain squalls bore down on the coastline , officials in Cameron and Hidalgo counties reported . Brownsville appeared to be taking the brunt of Alex 's outer bands Wednesday after as many as six tornadoes were reported in the area and about 4,000 customers lost power , officials said . But by Thursday morning , all but 60 customers were back on the grid , Johnston said . In Harlingen , just 30 miles north of Brownsville , wind gusts of up to 65 mph were reported hours before the storm 's expected landfall . No injuries were immediately reported from the twisters near Brownsville , but some damage was reported , including downed trees and power lines , weather and emergency management officials said . Carol Rumsey was riding the storm out in her Los Fresnos , Texas , home , not far from Brownsville and about a half hour from the coast . She told CNN Radio on Wednesday night that her house had an eerie feel as the storm approached . "  You board up your windows and it 's like living in a dungeon , " she said . "  You ca n't hear anything , you ca n't see anything . " She said she had considered evacuating as the region was being pummeled by heavy rain and occasional gusts of wind , but said "  this is the price you pay for living in paradise . " Meanwhile , authorities in South Padre Island closed the Queen Isabella Memorial Bridge -- which crosses to the popular vacation spot -- as a precaution ahead of the approaching Alex. Tropical storm force winds extend outward up to 205 miles from the center of the storm and hurricane force winds extend outward up to 35 miles , according to the hurricane center . Heavy rain and thunderstorms associated with the outer bands of Alex were affecting the entire Gulf Coast from Texas to Louisiana to the Florida Panhandle . Brownsville received more than 4 inches of rain by Wednesday afternoon , the weather service said . Harlingen Assistant Fire Chief Cirilo Rodriguez said his region was expecting 7-10 inches of rain . Coastal flood advisories have been issued for Louisiana and Mississippi . Minor coastal flooding is expected along the shore due to a prolonged strong southeasterly wind caused by the large counterclockwise circulation of the hurricane . Texas Gov. Rick Perry said Wednesday that the state was prepared for the storm . The State Operations Center was fully activated , he said , and Texas was working with federal and local authorities to track the hurricane and the BP Gulf oil disaster . President Barack Obama issued a federal emergency declaration for Texas ahead of Alex 's expected arrival , the White House said Tuesday night . After the hurricane made landfall around 9 p.m. CT  10 p.m. ET  , forecasters from the National Hurricane Center changed the hurricane warning to a tropical storm warning for the coast of Texas south of Baffin Bay to the mouth of the Rio Grande . A tropical storm warning issued earlier remained in place along the Texas coast from Baffin Bay to Port O'Connor . A hurricane warning was in place for the coast of Mexico from the mouth of the Rio Grande to La Cruza , Mexico . The storm continued to move away from the massive BP oil catastrophe near the Louisiana coast in the northern Gulf of Mexico , but it already was complicating cleanup efforts . Residual effects from the storm will last for at least four days , CNN meteorologist Chad Myers said , and could prohibit skimming and burning of oil in the Gulf at least until Saturday or Sunday . The storm created 12-foot waves Tuesday and oil-skimming ships were sent to shore from Louisiana to the Florida Panhandle . The rough seas may force crews to replace and reorganize booms meant to deter the oil from reaching shore , reported CNN 's Ed Lavandera . Florida Gov. Charlie Crist said that even though Florida may dodge any problems with this storm , the Atlantic hurricane season is just beginning . "  In Florida , we 've had a lot of hurricanes a number of years ago , but we handled them very well , " he told CNN 's Campbell Brown . "  The difference and the distinction that we face now is that we have a Gulf of Mexico that 's full of oil . So our hope and our prayer is that we do n't have a mixture of hurricanes with oil that could potentially damage the beautiful beaches of Florida . But if we do , we 're prepared for it . " Pat Ahumada , the mayor of Brownsville , said the city was expecting to distribute 60,000 sandbags and provide shelter for roughly 2,000 families . Utility crews were on standby to handle outages . At the same time , the state government provided 90 buses in case an evacuation is needed . "  I expect about 10 percent of residents to evacuate voluntarily , which already started yesterday , " Ahumada said Tuesday . "  I see a steady flow of people going out , but no bottlenecks -- which is good . "  We 're not taking it lightly , " he said . "  We 're ready for a worst-case scenario . " CNN meteorologist Chad Myers and CNN 's Dave Alsup , Matt Cherry , Sarah Aarthun , Gustavo Valdes , Richard Beltran , Brian Walker and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : Alex weakening , but still Category 1 hurricane At least one dead in northeastern Mexico as a result of rains Rescuers save man from rushing waters Thousands in shelters in Mexico , Texas
CNN  -- Sitting on a simple chair , shirtless except for a bandage covering a part of his arm , the man seems relaxed . Almost cool , he smiles at one point and cracks a joke . "  Go ahead , you can ask me questions if you want . It 's strange . Normally , I 'm the one asking questions . I 'm the journalist , " he says . "  But it 's OK . " The video , broadcast Monday by the Venezuelan Telesur network , is the first to show images of French journalist Romeo Langlois since he was captured last month by the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , known as FARC . Statement : FARC to release Langlois Langlois , a war journalist with more than 10 years of experience in Colombia , was reporting alongside soldiers when the rebel group opened fire , according to the government . Four people were killed and six were wounded in the April 28 attack . Over the weekend , FARC announced that it would release Langlois on Wednesday . The video shows him stating and spelling his name . He receives treatment for an arm wound and talks about his experience reporting on the conflict in Colombia . "  I cover both sides , seeking the opinion of everyone , " he says . CNN could not confirm the authenticity of the video , which gave no indication as to when it was shot . Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos has said his government would do whatever was necessary to guarantee Langlois ' release . "  The Colombian government is willing to provide all the facilities so the release occurs as quickly as possible , but if you really want to be viewed well by the world , release him now and simply tell us where he is and we will go get him , " he said this month . The rebel group has been at war with the government since the 1960s , making it Latin American 's oldest insurgency . While severely weakened in recent years , FARC continues to carry out kidnappings and attack security forces .	French journalist Romeo Langlois appears in a video broadcast by Telesur He was captured last month and is supposed to be released this week In the video , he receives medical treatment , talks about his reporting experience He 's being held by the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia
CNN  -- Is this the dream for families traveling by air or their worst nightmare ? Thomson Airways , the third biggest airline in the UK , is considering new seating configurations that 'll seat parents and kids face-to-face around a table . Promo photos for the rear-of-the-plane concept look good , showing a relaxed mom and dad presiding over a well-behaved brood . Families like this may actually exist , in which case Thomson is on to a winner . Parents looking forward to corralling irksome offspring into middle seats while they binge-watch blockbuster movies may think differently . Child-free zone and snack bar The flying family circle setup is one of several ideas Thomson is considering for the new fleet of 47 Boeing 737 MAX aircraft it has on order . Also on the drawing board are "  couple pods , " featuring a table  for champagne , according to the airline  sandwiched between two seats with mood lighting . As a possible sop to parents deprived of their movie marathon , Thomson is also looking at on-board childcare services . Flight attendants will be trained to engage kids with entertainments like crafts and quizzes that related to the destination . There are plans to keep adults happy , with a "  beach snack bar " in premium cabins and a zoning system deployed to create a child-free zone . Unusual innovations Thomson may also introduce resort concierges on board , offering recommendations about the destination . Inflight entertainment systems will allow last-minute bookings and room upgrades . A Thomson spokeswoman told CNN that all the ideas were genuine plans that could be introduced as the new fleet is rolled out over the next five years . She said some were already being trialed . The airline 's concepts follow a slew of other speculative in-flight innovations created by industry players attempting to raise profit margins or outdo competitors . Air New Zealand recently touted its Skycouch -- a three-seat row that can be converted into a futon in economy class . Manufacturer Airbus this year filed a patent for saddle seats -- an idea once floated by low-cost carrier Ryanair but largely dismissed as a marketing stunt .	UK airline Thomson considers introducing round-table seating for families Concept could be introduced on new fleet of Boeing 737 Max aircraft over next five years Childcare services may also be available to help entertain kids during flights
CNN  -- UEFA have promised a "  full and thorough investigation " into the violence that forced Italy 's Euro 2012 qualifying match with Serbia to be abandoned on Tuesday night . Disturbances around the ground in Genoa meant kick-off had to be put back 35 minutes and once the match started Serbian supporters threw flares onto the pitch and let off fireworks . Referee Craig Thomson stopped play after just six minutes when visiting fans hurled a flare towards Italy goalkeeper Emiliano Viviano and the match was quickly called off . Police and firefighters struggled to contain the Serbian fans , who threw objects at their Italian counterparts , cut protective netting and tried to smash Perspex barriers . AFP reported that 16 people had been hospitalized and 17 arrested on what Italy coach Cesare Prandelli told reporters had been a "  night of torment . " On Wednesday AFP said Italian Foreign Minister Franco Frattini told reporters : "  I have just received a phone call from Serbian Foreign Minister Vuk Jeremic , who presented a formal apology from the government . " Jeremic vowed "  to intensify the search for those responsible and to capture the criminals who will be punished to set an example , " Frattini added . European football 's governing body said that sanctions open to them include disqualifying Serbia from Euro 2012 and excluding them from future competitions . UEFA 's statement read : "  Following the abandonment of yesterday 's UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying match between Italy and Serbia at the Stadio Luigi Ferraris in Genoa after only six minutes of play , UEFA has confirmed it has immediately opened a full and thorough disciplinary investigation into the incidents of serious disorder witnessed at the match and the circumstances surrounding it . "  Once the full dossier is completed , with the assistance of both the referee and delegate reports , the matter will be put before the independent UEFA Control and Disciplinary Body for further review and possible sanctions . "  The sanctions that are available to the Control and Disciplinary Body can be found in the UEFA Disciplinary Regulations , edition 2008 , Article 14 , and range from a reprimand or fine , up to a stadium closure or "  disqualification from competitions in progress and/or exclusion from future competitions " . "  The proposed date for the meeting of the Control and Disciplinary Body to hear this case is Thursday 28 October . "	UEFA promise full investigation into violence at Euro 2012 qualifier between Italy and Serbia Match was abandoned after six minutes of play as Serbian fans threw flares and fireworks Serbian Foreign Minister Vuk Jeremic apologizes to Italy , it is reported
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo -- the man known as CR7 . So while he managed to take his career goals tally to 400 with a double in Real Madrid 's 3-0 win over Celta Vigo Monday , it 's rather ironic that he has never scored in the seventh minute of a professional football match . In fact , Ronaldo has registered in every single minute of a football match throughout his career -- but never in the seventh . Ronaldo , who brought up the landmark in his 653rd match for club and country , has scored 230 goals for Real , 118 for Manchester United , five for Sporting Lisbon and 47 for Portugal . The 28-year-old has scored against 109 different teams , in 87 different stadiums with 332 goals coming from inside the penalty area . Real 's victory in its first game back since the winter break , came courtesy Ronaldo 's double and an opening strike from Karim Benzema . Ronaldo dedicated his goals to fellow countryman Eusebio -- one of Portugal 's greatest players , who passed away at the age of 71 on Sunday . Real , which has played 18 games , sits third , five points behind leaders Barcelona and city rival Atletico . "  It was not a good performance and we need to learn how to be tighter at the back , " Real coach Carlo Ancelotti told a news conference . "  We lacked balance as we had a lot of players going forward and were open to the counter-attack . "  Celta defended deeply and it was n't easy but we should have been more balanced when we pressed . " Arsenal In England , Arsenal star Theo Walcott has been ruled out for up to six months after suffering an anterior cruciate ligament injury . The winger , who suffered the blow during the 2-0 FA Cup win over fierce rival Tottenham on Saturday , is also a huge doubt for the World Cup . In a statement on its website , Arsenal said : "  After coming off injured in Saturday 's 2-0 win against Tottenham Hotspur , the Club regrettably announces that Theo Walcott has sustained a ruptured anterior cruciate ligament of his left knee . "  Theo will have surgery in London in the near future and is expected to be out for at least six months , therefore missing the remainder of the season and the World Cup in Brazil in the summer . "  Everyone at Arsenal wishes Theo a speedy recovery and we look forward to seeing him back on a football pitch as soon as possible . " The England star faces a race against time to be ready for the World Cup with his country 's first game set to take place against Italy on June 14 . Walcott , who has scored five times in 36 appearances at international level , made his debut at the age of 17 in 2006 . Rossi Meanwhile , Italy 's top scorer Giuseppe Rossi could miss up to three months of the season after being forced to undergo surgery on his knee . Rossi , who lost two years of his career after suffering an anterior cruciate ligament injury and required two operations , will visit U.S. surgeon Richard Steadman for treatment . Fiorentina said Rossi picked up a second degree sprain to the medial collateral ligament during the 1-0 victory over Livorno on Sunday . Rossi , who has scored 14 goals this season , limped out of the action following a poor tackle from Leandro Rinaudo . "  For a correct valuation of the extent of the damage and the outlook , a visit to a specialist will take place in the next few days , " Fiorentina said in a statement . On the pitch , Kaka inspired AC Milan to a 3-0 win over Atalanta in Serie A with his 100th goal for the club in all competitions . He added a second after the break and 18-year-old Bryan Cristante netted a third on his full debut . Milan manager , Massimiliano Allegri , who confirmed on Christmas Day that he will be leaving at the end of the season , told reporters he was delighted with Kaka 's performance . Milan "  Kaka played excellent football working for the team and scoring twice , " Allegri said . "  I 'm very happy for him and the objective that he 's reached . "  We all need to be focused on ending the season in the best way that we can and aware that we still have a long way yet to go . " Elsewhere , Miroslav Klose 's stunning strike gave Lazio a 1-0 win over Inter Milan to hand new manager Edoardo Reja a winning start to his second spell in charge . Reja , who left the club 18 months ago , returned to Lazio after Vladimir Petkovic was sacked following the news that he was set to take over as Switzerland coach . Napoli sit third in the table following a 2-0 win over Sampdoria thanks to a brace from Dries Mertens . Verona moved into fifth place with a 3-1 win at Udinese with Luca Toni scoring twice , while Parma came from behind to defeat Torino 3-1 in a hard-fought contest . At the bottom , Catania overcame Bologna 2-0 while Genoa defeated Sassuolo by the same scoreline .	Cristiano Ronaldo scored twice as Real Madrid won 3-0 against Celta Vigo Portuguese star has now scored 400 career goals in 653 games Arsenal star Theo Walcott ruled out for six months with injury Serie A top scorer Giuseppe Rossi to undergo knee surgery
CNN  It 's hardly surprising that the recent crash of an unmanned aerial vehicle , or drone , on the grounds of the White House has sparked debate about the future of the technology . But although this intrusion is the one that has made national headlines , it 's far from the first over the past 12 months . Last year , for example , the Federal Aviation Administration fined a man for crashing a drone in Manhattan , narrowly missing pedestrians . Also in 2014 , the National Park Service banned the use of drones in parks . And in Washington , the FAA reported nearly 200 drones sighted near other aircraft or restricted buildings . Such incidents generally lead anti-drone activists and some politicians to lambaste the drone industry for violating our privacy . Others use such events to highlight how terrorists and criminals could use drones to wreak havoc . But while there are elements of truth in these claims , and while the challenge of handling this increasingly widespread technology should be taken seriously by state and federal authorities , the government does in fact have it within its power to regulate this new and exciting technology with which many Americans have also fallen in love . According to current FAA rules , no commercial or government organizations  including universities and other research agencies  can fly any drone of any size outside , not even 1 inch above the ground , without special authorization , something that is difficult and time-consuming to obtain . However , in an almost "  Alice in Wonderland " reality , hobbyists and recreational users with virtually no training or aviation knowledge are allowed to fly drones under 55 pounds in unrestricted airspace under 400 feet . In practice , this means that any recreational user can buy a drone from the Internet and fly it with no training or experience , while an aviation drone expert with thousands of hours of training is not allowed to fly that very same drone over a field to take images of ailing crops to pinpoint infestations . The FAA has been under fire from both Congress and various commercial enterprises to revamp these rules . Indeed , under the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 , Congress ordered the FAA to begin licensing commercial drones by 2015 , and the FAA has repeatedly said it will soon produce a proposed rule for small UAVs . An early draft of these rules obtained by The Wall Street Journal reportedly will require operators to have formal pilot training and licensing in addition to flying only during the day and only in direct line of sight . But there are numerous problems with these proposed changes . For a start , there 's the requirement that all drone operators must get private pilot licenses . While no doubt a boon to struggling flying clubs around the country , there is little evidence to suggest that a person with experience flying inside an aircraft has the necessary skill set to fly a drone remotely , especially where the autopilot is doing the flying and human skill can not recover a damaged aircraft . Interestingly , the FAA 's researchers conducted a study 10 years ago that showed formally trained military pilots of manned aircraft make more mistakes when controlling UAVs than do operators who learn to control drones without any hands-on flight experience . This may sound counterintuitive , but it 's known as negative transfer of training , and is well-known to the human factors community -- pilots of manned aircraft learn to rely on a completely different set of visual and aural cues that simply do not exist for operators of drones . This means that video gamers and air traffic controllers will in many cases likely make better drone pilots than actual pilots since their skill sets more closely align with the task of remotely supervising an aircraft . Moreover , restricting such flights to daytime hours and only in line of sight , as has been suggested , wipes out important growth industries for drones such as delivery of medical and other supplies . These new rules , if approved , will not only further stifle the emerging U.S. drone industry , which promises to infuse money and jobs into local communities , but will also allow other countries to overtake the U.S. lead quickly . Amazon 's new Prime Air , for a start , would likely have problems conducting business in this country , at a time when France has recently announced its national postal service will be conducting drone operations in the near future . And in its recent unveiling of Project Wing , another potential drone delivery service , Google X conducted its testing and flight demonstrations in Australia , which is known for its more drone-friendly policies . Ultimately , the key question is whether more streamlined and coherent FAA policies could have prevented incidents such as the drone crash on the White House lawn . And while people with nefarious  or fraternity prank  intent will likely ignore whatever laws are on the books , training for all drone users tailored specifically to unmanned systems would almost certainly mean fewer such incidents . That said , requiring operators of small drones to obtain expensive and marginally useful private pilot ratings , in excessively constrained flight conditions , will only ensure that the average drone pilot will ignore the regulations . The challenge drones pose is a very real one , and if we want to reduce the chances of public harm , the FAA and other bodies will need to step up . But they also need to be smart about it . Knee-jerk reactions will only hamper America 's ability to adapt to the technology -- and it will do nothing to keep us safer .	The crash of a small drone on White House grounds made headlines recently Mary "  Missy " Cummings : FAA must outline clear regulations on drones
San Diego  CNN  -- Here 's a scary thought : There 's a country where officials are suggesting that the visas of gay partners of U.S. diplomats be revoked and these individuals be put in jail -- not because the country recently outlawed same-sex relationships but to crack down on Americans . In that country , the government is also curtailing the privileges traditionally granted to U.S. consulate staff , taking down protective barricades in front of the U.S. consulate and snubbing U.S. diplomatic officers . Where do you suppose you 'll find this anti-American backlash brewing ? North Korea ? Cuba ? Iran ? Surely , it must be a place where the citizens hate the United States . Perhaps it 's a political adversary with which relations have never been particularly good . Nope . All this is happening in India , which has long been a good and dependable friend and ally to the United States , most recently during the war on terror . These are tense times in U.S.-India relations . And it 's all because of how agents with the U.S. Marshals Service treated Devyani Khobragade when she was recently arrested and detained . The 39-year-old deputy counsel general of India was taken into custody in New York on December 12 after she dropped her daughter off at school , and she was charged with visa fraud for allegedly lying on the application that she filled out to get permission for her nanny to legally work in the United States . Court documents allege that she stated on the application that she was paying the nanny the minimum wage in New York -- $ 9.75 per hour , when she was really only paying her what worked out to be about $ 3.31 per hour . Even that part of the story is fuzzy . Imagine someone coming into your home and calculating what you 're paying a housekeeper or nanny or gardener by the hour , when you 're paying them a flat rate for the day . I know friends who have live-in nannies , and those baby sitters are essentially on-call around the clock . They 're probably making less than minimum wage as well , but with room and board thrown in . Anyway , what happened next is n't being disputed by either side . Khobragade was put in a holding cell with other female detainees and strip-searched . She eventually posted bond , and she was released . She is now staying at India 's Permanent Mission to the United Nations . The U.S. Marshals Service claims that a strip-search is standard operating procedure and that none of its policies were violated in this case . A spokesman says that Khobragade was treated just like anyone else . That 's the problem . Khobragade is not just like anyone else . She is a diplomatic officer with limited immunity . She 's in the United States representing a proud country filled with reserved and modest people , many of whom consider a strip-search to be , as one Indian official said , "  barbaric . " This is a country that in recent years has had good relations with the United States and where we have foreign officers stationed who we expect to be treated fairly and humanely . Besides , she is not a violent criminal or a terror suspect , and she does n't appear to be a threat to public safety . If there is a labor law violation here , it would a civil crime , not a criminal offense . And if the U.S. government is going to throw the book at people who mistreat workers , I could -- as someone who writes about the immigration issue -- provide dozens of names of U.S. citizens , from farmers to soccer moms , who belong in a lineup . Lying on a visa application is no small matter , but we 're still not sure that is what happened given how wages are sometimes arrived at . Either way , it does seem that U.S. marshals might have overreacted in this case . Like other law enforcement officers , many federal agents already get what is referred to as cultural sensitivity training . But , it turns out , what they really need is a crash course in International Relations 101 . The Indian government is incensed , and it has a right to be . There are questions about the procedure that agents followed in this case , and they need to be answered . Those policies need to be reviewed . Indian officials also want an apology , and they should get one . Secretary of State John Kerry should deliver it himself , going beyond what the State Department said in a statement is Kerry 's "  regret " over the incident . Questions of Khobragade 's guilt or innocence can wait for another day . Yet , decency and common sense can be dealt with now . Those things tell us something went wrong in this case . It 's up to the Obama administration to make it right before this diplomatic crisis gets any bigger . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	India is retaliating against the U.S. over treatment of consular official who was strip-searched Ruben Navarrette : The official was not a threat to safety and the charges are murky He says the Marshals Service may have overreacted and created a diplomatic furor Navarrette : U.S. relationship with India is vital and should n't be lightly endangered
CNN  -- The history of U.S. sanctions against Iran dates as far back as 1979 , when hostages were held at the U.S. Embassy in Tehran . Over the years , the U.S. government has approved other sanctions . In 2010 , amid increasing tensions of Iran 's nuclear program , the United States instituted sanctions that U.S. officials described as "  unprecedented . " The United Nations and the European Union , and other countries around the world also have sanctions against Iran . The following are some key steps in the efforts to sanction Iran . U.S. sanctions : -- As a result of the hostage crisis in 1979 , the U.S. government froze Iranian government assets in the United States and U.S. banks overseas , totaling $ 12 billion , according to the U.S. Treasury . That freeze was eventually expanded to a full trade embargo until an accord was signed with Iran in 1981 . Most assets were unblocked and the embargo was lifted . -- In 1987 , the United States imposed a new embargo on Iranian goods and services , "  as a result of Iran 's support for international terrorism and its aggressive actions against non-belligerent shipping in the Persian Gulf , " the U.S. Treasury says . -- In 1995 , the United States banned "  involvement with petroleum development in Iran , " the U.S. Treasury says . Two years later , the United States banned "  virtually all trade and investment activities with Iran by U.S. persons , wherever located . " -- In 2010 , the United States passed the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions , Accountability , and Divestment Act . It revoked , for example , permission to import "  certain foodstuffs and carpets of Iranian origin , " the U.S. Treasury says . Those who violated the law could face a fine of up to $ 1 million and 20 years imprisonment . -- The law established that Iranian goods or services may not be imported unless they are gifts valued $ 100 or less ; informational materials , or personal property of someone coming into the United States . -- U.S. citizens may not export goods or services to Iran or , in general , to a third country knowing it is intended for Iran . There are exceptions for "  donations of articles intended to relieve human suffering , " gifts valued at $ 100 or less , certain agricultural products , medicines , and informational materials , the Treasury says . -- The U.S. government prohibits "  servicing accounts of the government of Iran , " including the country 's central bank . -- In 2011 , the United States added further sanctions , including tightening restrictions on companies that provide Iran with equipment and expertise to run its oil and chemical industry . It prohibited groups that do business with financial institutions in Iran from holding accounts in the United States . -- U.S. sanctions also targeted groups in Iran -- such as the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps , the Basij Resistance Force , and Iran 's Law Enforcement Forces -- as well as several individuals in Iran . U.N. sanctions : -- Current U.N. sanctions against Iran are the result of a series of resolutions dating back to 2006 . -- Material related to Iran 's "  proliferation-sensitive nuclear and ballistic missile programs " are embargoed , the United Nations says . -- One of the resolutions bans the export or procurement "  of any arms and related material from Iran , " the U.N. Security Council says . -- A long list of individuals and entities are subject to a travel ban and assets freeze . "  The assets freeze also applies to any individuals or entities acting on behalf of , or at the direction of , the designated persons and entities , and to entities owned or controlled by them , " the council says on its website . EU sanctions : -- The European Union announced Monday it will ban the import of Iranian crude oil and petroleum products . -- Assets of Iran 's central bank in the European Union will be frozen , and trade with Iran in gold , diamonds , and precious metals will be blocked , the union said . -- The export to Iran of "  key " petrochemical equipment and technology from the European Union will be blocked , the it said . -- The European Union already had in place a series of sanctions as well , targeting the oil and gas industry , nuclear industry , financial sector and more . -- Measures put in place in 2010 include restrictions on "  equipment which might be used for internal repression , " the official text said .	Most sanctions from the 1979 hostage crisis were lifted after an accord two years later Some current U.S. sanctions date back to the 1980s The United States , the United Nations and the European Union all have sanctions against Iran
CNN  -- Patti Stanger , the star of Bravo 's "  The Millionaire Matchmaker , " issued an apology for saying gay men have difficulty staying monogamous . She made the comments on another Bravo show "  Watch What Happens Live , " which aired Sunday . In response to a caller who wanted to know if long-distance , open relationships are possible , Stanger said , "  In the gay world , there 's always going to be open  relationships  . ... There is no curbing the gay . " She asked the caller if he was gay . When he said yes , Stanger said , "  I 've tried to curb you people . " Stanger 's apology came via her Twitter account the next day , following a firestorm of negative comments online . "  Attn male Gays : I support you , " she said . "  So sorry -- did n't mean to offend anyone . Love you all . X0 . " On HLN 's "  The Joy Behar Show , " Stanger said she apologizes if GLAAD -- the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation -- was offended and then touted her record of support for gay dating and marriage during the five years of her matchmaker show . The apology did not sit well with many . " ' I did n't mean to offend you ' â ‰ ` What I said was bigoted and wrong , ' " Matt Algren of Dayton , Ohio , tweeted , while another post said : "  More homophobic generalizations . Just stop girl . You 're done . "	Stanger apologizes on her Twitter account She says she did n't mean to offend anyone "  There 's no curbing the gay , " she says Stanger defends her record on support of gay dating and marriage
CNN  -- Paraguayan President Fernando Lugo on Wednesday ordered the replacement of top military commanders , a day after publicly dismissing rumors circulating the capital about a military coup . The announcement came from the armed forces themselves , not the president 's office . In his capacity as commander-in-chief , Lugo named replacements for the heads of the army , air force and navy , according to a statement from the armed forces . One day earlier , Lugo had addressed -- and dismissed -- reports of a possible coup . "  In recent days rumors have surfaced about the placement of bombs , new kidnappings , assaults , coup d'etats , " Lugo said at a news conference Tuesday . "  We are a friendly , participative government , willing to analyze the criticisms we receive , but do n't confuse that for a moment with a showing of weakness , " Lugo said , adding that nothing would remove him from the presidential palace until the end of his term in 2013 . Lugo , who was elected to a five-year term last year , is a former Catholic bishop . His victory brought an end to 61 years of one-party rule in Paraguay , but the honeymoon did not last long . In April , Lugo admitted he fathered a child during the period he was still a priest , and that he may have possibly fathered more . The revelation , which came as a shock to most , hurt his campaign image . Calls for his resignation began then and have continued , as Lugo has struggled to push reforms through a majority-opposition legislature . The new military commanders will be sworn-in at a ceremony Thursday morning .	Paraguayan President Fernando Lugo named replacements Lugo replaced heads of the army , air force and navy , said statement from armed forces One day earlier , Lugo addressed and dismissed reports of a possible coup
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Two Palestinians were killed by the Israeli military in Gaza , Israeli and Palestinian officials said Wednesday . An Israeli army unit opened fire on a man near the fence that separates Gaza from Israel late Tuesday night , according to an Israel Defense Forces spokesman . He said soldiers fired when the man came too close to the border fence which has in the past been a location of attacks against Israeli troops . Medical officials in Gaza said they retrieved the body of a Palestinian 19-year-old at the site . Separately , the Israeli air force carried out airstrikes on Tuesday against members of the Hamas military wing in central Gaza , killing one militant and injuring three others , according to a news release put out by Hamas . The Israeli military said the attack came as a response to the firing of two long-range rockets fired from Gaza Monday night that hit the southern Israeli city of Beer Sheva . No one was injured in the rocket attack . A total of 14 rockets have been fired into Israel from Gaza this month , according to the Israeli military , The renewed violence comes as London based al-Hayat newspaper reported that Hamas leader Khaled Meshaal arrived in Cairo to discuss , among other things , a deal for the release of captive Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit . Asked about the report , Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak told Israeli radio "  there was a grain of truth " in the rumors but he "  preferred not to say anything because it does n't help . " Gilad Shalit was captured by Gaza-based Palestinian militants in a cross-border raid in 2005 and has been held in captivity by Hamas ever since . CNN 's Talal Abu Rahman in Gaza contributed to this report	Israeli soldiers fired on a man who came too close to the border fence , IDF says One militant was killed in an Israeli airstrike Fourteen rockets have been fired from Gaza into Israel this month
CNN  -- If North Korea continues with its controversial missile and nuclear tests , it "  will move closer " to its objective of reaching the United States with nuclear weapons , according to a Pentagon report . During recent heightened tensions on the Korean Peninsula , Pyongyang repeatedly threatened the possibility of nuclear attacks against the United States and South Korea , prompting questions on the progress of its weapons program . North Korea 's secretiveness has made it hard for Western intelligence agencies to gauge exactly what is going on inside its research facilities . Many clues have come from the regime 's large-scale tests such as the long-range rocket launch in December and the underground nuclear detonation in February . The Pentagon 's annual report to Congress on Thursday provided an overview of the military threat posed by North Korea , but it did n't say how long it believed it would take the isolated , Stalinist state to develop a fully operational nuclear missile capable of reaching the U.S. mainland . It described North Korea 's ballistic missile program as "  ambitious " and said that "  the pace of its progress will depend , in part , on how many resources it can dedicate to these efforts and how often it conducts tests . " Doubts over North 's capabilities A sign of differing views on North Korea 's nuclear missile capabilities among U.S. intelligence agencies emerged last month . Addressing the House Armed Services Committee , a congressman read out an excerpt from a report by the Pentagon 's intelligence arm that said it believed with "  moderate confidence " that the North had nuclear weapons that could be delivered by ballistic missiles , albeit with low "  reliability . " But after the disclosure of that assessment from the Defense Intelligence Agency  DIA  , top U.S. officials including President Barack Obama said the U.S. government did n't think North Korea was yet able to fit a nuclear warhead on a ballistic missile . The Pentagon report Thursday included no reference to the DIA excerpt , which did n't specify the range of the ballistic missiles that it was talking about . The report said that the type of long-range rocket that North Korea launched in December to put a satellite in orbit "  could reach parts of the United States if configured as an intercontinental ballistic missile  ICBM  capable of carrying a nuclear payload . " But it noted that "  a space launch does not test a re-entry vehicle  RV  , without which North Korea can not deliver a weapon to target from an ICBM . " The December launch and the display in April 2012 of an untested but road-mobile intercontinental ballistic missile help underscore "  the threat to regional stability and U.S. national security posed by North Korea , " according to the report . Like father , like son Its authors said they did n't expect much change under North Korean leader , Kim Jong Un , from the strategy shaped by his father , Kim Jong Il , who died in December 2011 . The focus of that approach , they said , includes "  coercive diplomacy to compel acceptance of its diplomatic , economic and security interests ; development of strategic military capabilities to deter external attack ; " and challenges to South Korea and the U.S.-South Korean alliance . Under Kim Jong Un , North Korea has so far continued the pursuit of more advanced nuclear and missile technologies , which according to the report , the regime sees as "  essential to its goals of survival , sovereignty and relevance . " The long-range rocket launch in December and underground nuclear test in February prompted international condemnation and tougher U.N. sanctions . Those measures were followed by intensified threats from Pyongyang , during which the United States said it would deploy additional missile defenses on its West Coast . The Pentagon report also highlighted the murkiness of the North 's decision-making processes -- a particular concern during periods of heightened tensions like the past few months . "  Although North Korea is unlikely to attack on a scale that it assesses would risk the survival of its government by inviting overwhelming counterattacks by the ROK or the United States , we do not know how North Korea calculates this threshold of behavior , " the report said , using the abbreviated form of South Korea 's official name , the Republic of Korea . "  North Korea 's use of smallscale attacks and provocative acts leaves much room for miscalculation that could spiral into a larger conflict , " it said . CNN 's Alison Harding contributed to this report .	A Pentagon report to Congress gives an overview of North Korea 's military threat It discusses the North 's progress toward developing a nuclear missile The pace of progress will depend on the amount of resources allocated , it says The report 's authors say they expect little change in strategy under Kim Jong Un
CareerBuilder  -- Looking for the best time of the year to get a promotion ? According to data collected and analyzed by LinkedIn , January , June and July are the most popular months for U.S. workers to receive promotions . Globally , January , July and September are the top three . "  It is not surprising that promotions tend to occur around these times , " says Roy Cohen , a career coach and author of "  The Wall Street Professional 's Survival Guide . " "  In the U.S. , promotions usually happen around new budget cycles and after holidays . January represents the start of a new calendar year and when performance evaluations are typically conducted . Some companies begin their new budget cycles in June or July , thus promotions occur in these months . " The worldwide tendency to promote in January can likewise be attributed to the turning of the calendar , marking a time of new beginnings . But while promotions in June and July in America may be due primarily to mid-year evaluations and fiscal calendars , many other countries have a special consideration . "  July represents the time before much of the world takes the month of August off for holiday , so decisions are made prior to vacation . And September is when they return , " Cohen notes . Other good times for promotions The LinkedIn study also revealed that while certain months had a higher percentage of promotions compared to others , advancement is becoming less concentrated . For example , during the 1990s , 22 percent of promotions occurred in January , but in the most recent decade that figure decreased to 16 percent . "  There are two types of promotions to consider . One is a promotion that fills a vacancy in a hierarchy . This can occur at any time that the vacancy occurs . For example , an editor retires and someone is promoted to fill the position , " says John P. Millikin , a professor in the management department at Arizona State University 's W. P. Carey School of Business in Tempe , Ariz. , and a former vice president of human resources at Motorola Inc. in Phoenix . "  The other type of promotion is a step up in a hierarchy of jobs , such as a promotion from buyer to senior buyer . While it varies by company or industry , this usually occurs on a schedule that reflects an individual 's performance evaluation period . Frequently , this would coincide with the end of a business performance period such as a fiscal year . " Besides someone 's departure opening up opportunities for advancement , other situations can increase the odds for promotion at any time of the year . "  Strike when the iron is hot , " Cohen says . "  When you introduce a new idea that will increase productivity , save money or generate revenue , you 're golden . When you 've successfully completed a special project , you 've got their attention . Ask what new projects you can take on and how those projects will position you for expanded responsibilities . " Likewise , Cohen notes that promotions often happen when there 's a spike in business because there will be a focus on adding headcount to manage the expanded activity . But are promotions out of the question when a company is having difficulty ? "  Obviously , when times are tough as they are in most businesses today , you need to be sensitive to the needs of the business in asking about promotions , " Millikin says . "  Do keep in mind , however , that tough times also present opportunities to shine . As people leave or are even laid off , showing a willingness to step up and take on additional responsibilities shows that you care about the organization . " Getting noticed Regardless of the season , experts agree that there are things you can do throughout the year to make yourself more "  promotable " including : • Getting the extra training or experience needed for the position you desire . • Letting managers know that you are interested in advancement . • Asking superiors what steps they recommend to help prepare for a promotion . • Looking at the big picture to see how your actions help your manager get her job done well . • Making others aware of your contributions -- without going overboard or constantly bragging . Above all , it is critical that you are performing up to par on your current job . As Millikin notes , "  No one is going to be impressed with someone who is focusing so much on the next job that he is n't really doing the one he has well . " & copy CareerBuilder.com 2011 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	LinkedIn : January , June and July are the most popular months for U.S. workers to be promoted Cohen : "  Promotions usually happen around new budget cycles and after holidays " Promotions can fill a vacancy in hierarchy or be a step up in a hierarchy of jobs
Deer Trail , a small Colorado town , is considering a measure that would allow its residents to hunt for federal drones and shoot them down . "  Is it illegal ? Of course it is . But it 's also illegal to spy on American citizens , " resident Phillip Steel told CNN in a phone interview . "  If they fly in town , we will shoot them down . " Steel said he wrote the ordinance after he learned the Federal Aviation Administration "  loosened regulations that would allow the flight of drones in domestic airspace . " The FAA recently announced plans to create six drone test sites around the country , none of which has been publicly listed . It plans to allow widespread use of domestic drones in 2015 . "  The overall purpose of this test site program is to develop a body of data and operational experiences to inform integration and the safe operation of these aircraft in the National Airspace System , " the agency said . Drones are cheaper to operate than helicopters . They can be used for multiple tasks , such as monitoring crops and livestock and assessing building damage . Deer Trail , which bills itself as the "  Home of the World 's First Rodeo , " has 584 residents and is 50 miles outside Aurora . The entire town takes up less than one square mile . Any resident can petition for a citizens ' initiative and then draft an ordinance . Bounties and shotguns The Town Board of Trustees will vote on the drone ordinance on August 6 . If passed , it would legalize the sale of drone hunting licenses for $ 25 and offer bounties for captured drones . Six trustees and the mayor make up the board . It would take a simple majority vote to pass the ordinance . "  It is very symbolic ... it 's asserting our right and drawing a line in the sand , " Steel said . "  It declares sovereignty of the airspace . " The ordinance does n't aim to stop airliner flights , he said . It outlines the rules of engagement for drone hunters and the types of ammunition allowed . Bounty amounts from $ 25 to $ 100 , and weapons are limited to 12-gauge shotguns . It states that "  no background investigation shall be performed " on those seeking a drone hunting license . Additionally , the licenses would be "  issued on an anonymous basis . " "  Unmanned aerial vehicles may be engaged at a vertical distance of one thousand feet or less , " and the "  licenses shall only remain valid within the geographic boundaries of the Town of Deer Trail , Colorado , " according to the ordinance . Federal legislation  18 USC 1361  prohibits stealing or damaging federal government property and establishes provisions for fines and imprisonment . The illegality of the actions within the ordinance does n't scare Steel . "  I took an oath when I joined the military to protect the U.S. Constitution . That oath did not end when I left , " he said . When asked if he had ever seen a drone in Deer Trail , Steel said , "  In real life , no . I hope I never see a drone in Deer Trail . ... This ordinance is a statement against the coming surveillance society . It 's a very clear statement against that . " "  In all practicality , nobody is going to shoot down any drones any time soon , " he added . ` Our mark on the map ' Town Clerk Kim Oldfield says she believes the ordinance could benefit the town . "  This could actually be something to help fund a community center or build us some roads . We need to find our mark on the map , " Oldfield said . "  The novelty of being allowed to buy a drone-hunting license could turn into a fun thing . " Board of Trustees member David Boyd said the ordinance has a good chance of passing . "  I think it 's important . I know Phil Steel also wants to make a statement about drones . ... Mostly for us , the outcome we want will be to have some fun and make some money , " Boyd said . Deer Trail Mayor Frank Fields says he agrees with Boyd . He said the purpose of the ordinance would be "  to have fun and bring in business , tourism and activities for people in town . " Colorado Attorney General John W. Suthers said state residents have a sense of humor . He responded to the idea of the ordinance by saying , "  A resolution by the town of Deer Trail to allow the hunting of drones is made in the same spirit as the proposal of some rural Coloradans to create a separate state . And both ideas have the same chance to legally succeed : none . "	Deer Trail aims to sell drone hunting licenses for $ 25 , offer bounties for downed drones Proposed law is "  a statement against the coming surveillance society , " its author says But federal law prohibits stealing or damaging federal government property City officials aim for financial gain , fun ; state official cites Coloradans ' sense of humor
CNN  -- Dwayne Johnson 's mother and cousin survived a head-on collision with a drunken driver last week , the actor said Sunday . Johnson , also known as the Rock , tweeted a photo of the wreck , showing his mother 's white SUV with front-end damage , along with a message on Instagram on Sunday . "  First reaction is to find the person who did this and do unrelenting harm to them , " Johnson wrote . "  But then you realize the most important thing is my family lived thru this and we can hug each other that much tighter these days . Hug your own family tighter today and be grateful you can tell them you love them . #BearHugsAndGratitude " Johnson suffered a personal loss in November when his "  Fast & Furious " co-star Paul Walker died in a car crash . The posting did n't detail their injuries , but his cousin -- WWE wrestler Lina Fanene -- posted a photo of the Rock visiting her in a hospital with the caption "  We are a bunch of goof balls ! " Fenene posted an Instagram message about the collision : " ` Everything happens for a reason ' Not sure why the very intoxicated woman decided to drive her car , head first , into our car ... but I do know that we are extremely lucky to be alive and that everything we have is fixable . It 's a bump in the road , but we will get past it and be stronger than before ! I 'm grateful for all the wonderful LOVE I have received from everyone . My family & friends are AMAZING ! Life is wonderful ! " It was not clear when or where the crashed happened , although his mother , Ata Johnson , lives in the Orlando , Florida , area . It apparently happened early in the week , since a Tuesday tweet by Fenene included a photo of her on an airplane with her arm in a sling and the message : "  Still all smiles ! Very grateful to be alive for all the love from my family and friends ! Incredibly blessed "	Dwayne Johnson tweets about mom , cousin 's car crash "  First reaction is to find the person who did this and do unrelenting harm to them " "  But then you realize the most important thing is my family lived thru this , " Johnson says "  It 's a bump in the road , " Johnson cousin Lina Fenene writes
CNN  -- At the time of his death , Heath Ledger had just concluded his work as the Joker in "  The Dark Knight , " the sequel to 2005 's "  Batman Begins . " Heath Ledger died in January at age 28 . He had been expected to hit new heights of stardom . The buzz surrounding his performance was electrifying . He was remaking the Joker ; he was n't a camp comedian like Cesar Romero or a malevolent clown like Jack Nicholson . He was pure nihilism , with his jagged makeup and ragged hair . Even glimpses of his smile on the "  Dark Knight " movie posters were thrilling . And then he was gone . "  We have concluded that the manner of death is accident , resulting from the abuse of prescription medications , " read the New York City medical examiner 's office report , affectlessly . Who knows what could have happened ? The hype surrounding "  The Dark Knight , " partly fueled by Ledger 's death , turned out to have been warranted ; the film earned critical praise and planeloads of money . Ledger has been posthumously nominated for a Golden Globe and a Screen Actors Guild award and is expected to receive an Oscar nomination , as well . Had he lived , he could have named his price . We 'll never know . "  Prediction is very difficult , especially of the future , " the physicist Niels Bohr is credited with saying . Ledger 's movie , "  The Dark Knight " -- with its uncertain , bleak Gotham City -- seemed symbolic of the year in entertainment . A writers ' strike cast a pall over awards season . The paparazzi 's favorite target , Britney Spears , was institutionalized for a time . Pixar 's brilliant "  Wall-E " depicted an Earth abandoned to the waste of consumerism . See some of the year 's top entertainment stories " Even the presidential campaign , source of so many laughs for late-night comedians , was fraught with 3 a.m. phone calls and "  terrorist fist bumps . " Why would n't people be attracted to change and hope ? Hollywood , usually a prime provider of optimism , is littered with the stories of lights put out early . James Dean was 24 when a Ford coupe crossed into his lane and hit his Porsche Spyder head-on near Cholame , California . River Phoenix was 23 when he died of a drug overdose outside the Viper Room in Hollywood . They are two of too many . So : On January 22 , 2008 , Heath Ledger was found dead in a New York apartment . He was 28 . Asking "  what if " is a dead end . "  Saturday Night Live , " many years ago , used to mock it : What if Superman grew up in Nazi Germany ? What if Eleanor Roosevelt could fly ? The past is past , what 's done is done , and the future can be fickle , anyway . So many of the year 's stories had unexpected outcomes . Consider : For almost two decades , movie audiences eagerly awaited a new Indiana Jones film . This year , they got their wish with "  Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull , " and the film was widely criticized for taxing the credulousness of even its most dedicated fans . It 's one thing to chat with a centuries-old Grail Knight , but surviving an A-bomb by hiding in a refrigerator ? Not quite . Then there was the ultimate reality show : the election . If you 'd polled media professionals last year , they might have named Hillary Clinton and Fred Thompson as the future nominees . John McCain 's campaign was on life-support ; Barack Obama 's was struggling . We all know how things turned out . And the election also made a star -- a celebrity , if you will -- of Sarah Palin , the Republican vice presidential candidate . Palin had a charisma -- the TV execs call it "  breakthrough " -- that , at times , overshadowed the man at the top of the GOP ticket . iReport.com : What was your most memorable entertainment event this year ? There was something else about Palin : She looked like Tina Fey , once the "  Weekend Update " anchor and head writer for "  Saturday Night Live , " now the star of the smart "  30 Rock . " Fey went back on her old show and had great success parodying Palin , driving "  SNL " to some of its highest ratings in years .  Palin also looked like "  King of the Hill 's " Peggy Hill , but unlike Fey , the animated character was n't a Second City-trained comedy performer who could strike in real time . Some observers foresee a bright future for the Alaska governor ; others believe she 'll wear out her welcome . Time , again , will tell . Cast members of "  Saturday Night Live " are object lessons : John Belushi and Chris Farley , gone before their times ; Robert Downey Jr.  1985-86  emerges from a lifetime of troubles with two hit movies and Entertainment Weekly 's Entertainer of the Year distinction . Other notables had a chance to live out three rich acts . Paul Newman , who epitomized the best qualities of a performer and human being -- thoughtful , charitable , capable , courageous -- died in September . Visionary author Arthur C. Clarke died in March ; elemental guitarist Bo Diddley died in June . And comedian George Carlin , who viewed life as "  a ticket to the freak show " and "  a zero-sum game , " died in June . Carlin , who reveled in absurdity , had the right attitude to try to figure out "  what if . " In his surrealist way , he noted that the light at the end of the tunnel could be daylight -- or , maybe , an approaching train . Either way , it 'll be here soon enough . "  The future , " he once said , "  will soon be a thing of the past . "	Heath Ledger died in January , had been expected to reach new stardom Year 's other events included Britney Spears institutionalization , "  SNL " heights Election crossed over into entertainment realms
Washington  CNN  -- Human rights groups met a somewhat skeptical Supreme Court on Tuesday as they presented arguments on whether foreign victims of torture and other crimes against humanity can sue corporations and other organizations in U.S. federal courts . The cases argued could have enormous global impact from a moral , political , and financial perspective . At issue is the scope of two federal laws that are increasingly being used in an effort to hold businesses accountable for human rights atrocities committed overseas . Two separate civil cases before the high court involve Nigerian political activists claiming foreign oil companies were complicit in violent abuse at the hands of the country 's military ; and an American family alleging their father was tortured and killed while in the custody of the Palestinian Authority and the Palestinian Liberation Organization . Both cases were earlier blocked from going to trial in federal courts , for separate legal reasons . Now the justices are being asked to sort out whether political groups and corporations enjoy broad immunity , and whether the American laws intend only for individuals to be held liable for international law violations . "  There 's no connection to the United States whatsoever " in these lawsuits , said Justice Samuel Alito . The statute being challenged here "  was enacted -- there seems to be a consensus -- to prevent international tension , and this kind of lawsuit only creates international tension . " But Justice Elena Kagan , an active questioner , was convinced such cases could proceed . "  Take an example that has all the extraterritoriality aspects of this case taken away from it , " she said . "  Let 's assume that the French ambassador is assaulted or attacked in some way in the United States , and that that attack is by a corporate agent . Would we say that the corporation there can not be sued " under the federal law ? The first appeal was filed on behalf of residents of the oil-abundant Ogoni area of the Niger River delta . Two decades ago , they protested the long-standing environmental harm caused by Shell and other energy firms from the petroleum extraction . They and their families claim the Nigerian government brutally suppressed them , "  aided and abetted " by private corporations doing business there . The Ogoni 9 -- as the key leaders became known -- were allegedly detained , tortured , and tried by a special Nigerian military tribunal , in violation of international human rights treaties . The government 's 1993-95 crackdown sparked global outrage after author Ken Saro-Wiwa and eight other activists were convicted , then hanged . Among those bringing suit is his nephew , Charles Wiwa , who escaped the Nigerian oppression and now lives in Chicago as a political refugee . He described being a student activist beaten by soldiers for hours in front of a crowd of onlookers , then detained and tortured for days He claims Shell -- based in the Netherlands and Britain -- conspired with the government to keep its business operations going in the face of protests , and should be held accountable for ignoring or encouraging a pattern of killings , rapes , beatings , and property destruction . He said the only place to obtain justice is in the United States . "  Nigeria 's dictatorship has grown rich from its oil , " Wawa told CNN . "  It is important those  oil  companies be held responsible , because we can not bring any legal action in courts in Nigeria . " The law in question is the Alien Tort Statute , or ATS , which gives federal courts jurisdiction over claims from foreigners that they were harmed by international law violations . It was ignored for decades , but has now become an important legal vehicle for those bring human rights claims . Similar lawsuits involve Chevron and Exxon energy operations in Indonesia ; Chiquita Brand fruit farms in Colombia ; and businesses that operated years ago in the now-outlawed apartheid system in South Africa . The high court in 2004 endorsed use of the ATS , but only in limited circumstances . That approach was apparent among several of the conservative justices during Tuesday 's two-hour oral arguments . "  In this case , the corporations have residences and presence in many other countries where they have many more contacts than here , " Justice Anthony Kennedy said . Later he told the Obama administration lawyer supporting the Nigerian plaintiffs , "  Suppose an American corporation commits human trafficking with U.S. citizens in the United States . Under your view , the U.S. corporation could be sued in any country in the world , and it would have no international consequences . We do n't look to the international consequences at all . " "  If there is no other country where this suit could have been brought , regardless of what American domestic law provides , " asked Chief Justice John Roberts , "  is n't that a legitimate concern that allowing the suit itself contravenes international law ? " But Kagan and Justices Stephen Breyer and Ruth Bader Ginsburg were skeptical about giving corporations a judicial free pass of sorts . Breyer pointed out the ATS was passed more than two centuries ago in response to piracy on the high seas . He used a humorous hypothetical to make his point . "  The principle that here would apply is Pirates Inc. . Do you think in the 18th century if they 'd brought Pirates Inc.  to court in a lawsuit  , and we get all their gold , and Blackbeard gets up and he says : ` Oh , it is n't me , it 's the corporation ' that is responsible -- do you think that they would have then said : ` Oh , I see , it 's a corporation . Good-bye . Go home . ' " "  Yes , the corporation would not be liable " even in that case , said attorney Kathleen Sullivan , representing Shell . The second case involves the Torture Victims Protection Act , passed two decades ago , and whether its provisions for liability for human rights abuses apply only to "  natural persons . " The family of Palestinian-born Azzam Rahim Mohamad -- a naturalized U.S. citizen -- claims intelligence officers are responsible for his beating death in 1995 . U.S. officials later said three of the officers were implicated in the incident , but Rahim 's relatives believe the Palestinian organizations that have defacto control of the disputed Mideast territories hold ultimate responsibility . The civil lawsuits in the international law context have been compared to a separate , high-profile domestic political dispute . The high court in 2010 concluded corporations -- businesses , unions , and issue advocacy groups -- enjoy the same free speech rights as individuals when it comes to independent election spending . Now the issue is whether corporations and political entities should be treated the same as individual offenders when it comes to enforcing international human rights . The cases are Kiobel v. Royal Dutch Petroleum  10-1491  and Mohamad v. Palestinian Authority  11-88  . Rulings can be expected by late June .	Two U.S. cases seek to sue corporations for actions abroad The justices are being asked to sort out whether laws intended for individuals apply Justice Alito : "  There 's no connection to the United States whatsoever " in these lawsuits Justice Breyer : Would Blackbeard get off by blaming crimes on Pirates Inc. . ?
Boston  CNN  Eight minutes of sheer terror . That 's what police officers from Watertown , Massachusetts , described in heart-stopping detail Monday , revealing details of a chaotic shootout with the Boston Marathon bombing suspects . One of the suspects , Tamerlan Tsarnaev , died from injuries he sustained that day -- wounded in a gun battle , then run over by his brother , Dzhokhar . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev managed to escape , but was later caught by police . Now he 's on trial , facing 30 charges for the marathon bombings , which killed three people and injured more than 260 others . The shootout with police in the early morning hours of April 19 , 2013 , marked one of the most dramatic chapters in the manhunt for the suspects who paralyzed the Boston metropolitan area for days . It started , patrolman Joseph Reynolds testified , soon after he locked eyes with Tamerlan Tsarnaev , who he spotted driving an SUV that matched a description of a stolen vehicle . Reynolds called for backup . It was n't long before Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev were firing guns , throwing bombs and trying to run officers over with a stolen SUV , Reynolds said . "  Tamerlan Tsarnaev got out of the driver 's side door and began shooting at my cruiser , " Reynolds said . Soon , the officer said he ran out of bullets . Sgt. Jeffrey Pugliese saw what looked like muzzle flashes as soon as he arrived at the scene . "  I put my vehicle in park , I took a round through the windshield , I was sprayed with glass and I knew , OK , we were being fired on , " said Sgt. John MacLellan . Then the two brothers began throwing improvised explosives , including pipe bombs and a pressure cooker bomb , the officers testified . "  I noticed one was bigger than the other , and they had different styles when they were throwing the devices , " MacLellan said . "  One was throwing like a baseball . " MacLellan said the pressure cooker bomb "  was incredibly loud . I had to holster my weapon . My eyes were shaking violently in my head . I could n't see . " Pugliese said he opened fire when he saw one of the men , Tamerlan Tsarnaev , charging toward him . Pugliese fired and the man threw his pistol at the officer , hitting him in the bicep . Pugliese tackled him . And with Tamerlan Tsarnaev , who was wounded from gunfire , on the ground , the three officers tried to put him in handcuffs . They thought they 'd be able to arrest him . But then something changed . "  We were wrestling with Tamerlan , and all of a sudden I could hear an engine revving , " Reynolds said The SUV , Reynolds said , was heading straight toward the officers . The dramatic descriptions of the shootout Monday sounded like a scene from a Hollywood film , said Boston Globe columnist Kevin Cullen . But the most extraordinary revelation in court , he said , was that the night could have ended very differently . "  Dzhokhar Tsarnaev did not have to go back and run his brother over . He actually did a three-point turn and reversed the vehicle . He could have sped off and run away , " Cullen told CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper . " He was in a much better position to flee . But apparently he decided to do a U-turn and come back . " The sight of the stolen SUV speeding toward them caught the officers by surprise . "  I reached down and I grabbed Tamerlan by the back of the belt and tried to drag him out of the street so he would n't be hit , " Pugliese said . "  The black SUV , it was right in my face . ... I kind of laid back and felt the wind from the vehicle as it went by . " But they did n't move Tamerlan in time . His body became hung up in the rear wheels and he was dragged a short distance , Pugliese said . The prosecutor asked Pugliese if there was something in the road that forced the SUV driver to go directly at the officers . "  No , " he said . "  It was accelerating at a very high rate of speed . " Later that day , Tamerlan Tsarnaev was pronounced dead at a local hospital , with the cause listed as "  traumatic injuries " to the head and torso . His fingerprints led to the identification of the suspects . Officers discovered that Richard Donohue , a Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority officer , had been hit by friendly fire during the shootout . He survived , but nearly bled to death . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was arrested about 8:45 p.m. that same day , hiding in a boat called the "  Slip Away " that was stowed in a backyard in Watertown . Jurors saw photos of the boat last week . But on Monday , they got a chance to see the boat , which has become a key piece of evidence in the trial , in person . Before the trial started , prosecutors and defense attorneys had sparred over how much of the boat jurors would get to see . The prosecution sought to remove a panel on which Tsarnaev allegedly scrawled incriminating messages so that jurors could see it with their own eyes . Defense attorney David Bruck argued that cutting out a panel would take the written words out of context and would n't fairly reflect Tsarnaev 's state of mind . In South Boston , about a mile from the courthouse , jurors intently looked at the entire boat Monday . It had been loaded onto a semi truck and moved to the location for viewing by the jury . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , wearing a dark jacket and no handcuffs or shackles , watched the jurors but showed little emotion or expression . Jurors appeared to strain to make out the words Tsarnaev scrawled inside the boat . The boat was riddled with more than 100 bullet holes -- some of which punctured Tsarnaev 's words . Aaron Cooper reported from Boston . Catherine E. Shoichet and Ralph Ellis wrote the story in Atlanta . CNN 's Jake Tapper and Ann O'Neill contributed to this report .	3 police officers described an intense gun battle with Boston Marathon bomb suspects They said the 2 men shot at them , threw bombs and tried to run them over Jurors see the boat where Dzhokhar Tsarnaev hid before his arrest
Books have been written about him , a film was devoted to following his every move on a football field and now the career of French icon Zinedine Zidane has been immortalized in bronze . From Cannes to Real Madrid -- his first and last clubs -- Zidane 's career was characterized by moments of audacity and greatness . None more so than when he scored a brace which helped win the World Cup for France on home soil in 1998 , or one of the greatest goals of all time in the 2002 European Champions League final in Real Madrid 's 2-1 win over Bayer Leverkusen in Glasgow . But Algerian-born artist Adel Abdessemed was less interested in the zenith of Zidane 's career . Instead he has focused on its nadir -- the Frenchman 's infamous headbutting of Italy 's Marco Materazzi in the 2006 World Cup final in Zidane 's last professional game . "  This statue goes against the tradition of making statues in honour of certain victories . It is an ode to defeat , " exhibition organizer Alain Michaud told Agence France Presse after the five meter statue was unveiled in the French capital city of Paris outside the world-renowned Pompidou Museum . The statue captures the moment when , with the scores level at 1-1 between France and Italy in Berlin in football 's biggest game , Zidane was given a straight red card for his assault on Materazzi deep into extra-time . France went on to lose the match on penalties , when striker David Trezeguet saw his spot kick crash into the crossbar and Fabio Grosso converted to crown Italy world champions . Exactly what Materazzi said to draw such a violent reaction from Zidane remains unknown . U.S. animated comedy Family Guy parodied the incident in the 2006 episode "  Saving Private Brian " , where Zidane headbutts an old lady while delivering her a birthday cake . Widely regarded as one of the finest footballers to have ever played the game , Zidane playedfor Cannes and Bordeaux in France , before moving to Juventus and then Real . The Algerian-born playmaker scored twice as France beat Brazil 3-0 in the World Cup final of 1998 . He is also remembered for the stunning goal which won Real Madrid a ninth European Cup in 2002 , when he converted a Roberto Carlos cross with a stunning volley against Bayer Leverkusen at Hampden Park . Zidane , who retired immediately after the 2006 final , was crowned FIFA World Player of the Year on three occasions . He now works as Real Madrid director of football , while his three sons are all members of the club 's youth academy . Zidane is not the first footballer to be honored with a permanent monument to his on-field achievements . Wembley Stadium , the home of English fooball , is decorated with a statue of Bobby Moore , the defender who captained the country to its only World Cup triumph in 1966 . Carlos Valderrama is the most-capped player in Colombia 's history , famous for his flair and outrageous afro and the midfielder has a statue in his hometown of Santa Marta , complete with frizzy golden locks . But it is not just players who have been the subject of sculptures . Azerbaijani linesman Tofiq Bahramov , who ruled that England 's controversial third goal had crossed the line in the 1966 final , has a statue outside of the stadium named in his honor in his homeland . Perhaps most unusually of all , English Premier League team Fulham has a sculpture of the late pop icon Michael Jackson outside its Craven Cottage stadium . The club 's owner Mohamed al Fayed was a close friend of Jackson 's prior to his death in 2009 . Zidane 's statue will remain outside the Pompidou Museum until the end of the Abdessemed exhibition in January .	A bronze statue of Zinedine Zidane head-butting Marco Materazzi unveiled The piece outside Paris ' Pompidou Museum is the work of Adel Abdessemed The headbutt occurred in the 2006 World Cup final , which Italy won on penalties Zidane is regarded as one of the finest footballers in history
New Delhi  CNN  -- A lawyer who says he 's representing three of the five men charged with raping and fatally beating a woman on a New Delhi bus said Tuesday that he has advised his clients to plead not guilty . "  So far they have agreed to my advice , but a clearer picture will emerge by tomorrow evening , " the attorney , Manohar Lal Sharma , told CNN . "  I fear they might come under pressure to change their mind . " Sharma said one of those he is representing is Ram Singh , the main accused in the case . The other two are Mukesh Singh and Akshay Thakur , he said . The horrific attack on the 23-year-old woman in New Delhi on December 16 has prompted angry protests over the country 's treatment of women and handling of sexual attacks . India 's interior minister has said he was also working with security officials to strengthen laws regarding rape and assault following the attack , which also stirred outrage worldwide . Proceedings against the five adult suspects began Monday , when a New Delhi judge ordered the trial closed after tempers flared inside the packed courtroom . Some lawyers loudly criticized colleagues for offering to represent the suspects , with one young lawyer shouting at Sharma , "  You will not defend those barbarians . " The magistrate , Namrita Aggarwal , ordered that the hearing take place behind closed doors and barred news outlets from publishing proceedings related to the case without the court 's permission , citing concerns about the suspects ' safety . The five men in court this week are charged with murder , rape and kidnapping , and could be sentenced to death if convicted . A juvenile court will take up the matter of determining the age of a sixth suspect , who claims to be 17 and therefore not old enough to be tried as an adult , CNN affiliate IBN reported . The female victim of the attack , whose name has not been released , died in a Singapore hospital in late December . Her male companion survived with a broken leg .	A lawyer for three suspects says he has advised them to plead not guilty Five men are charged in the rape and beating death of a woman on a New Delhi bus A judge ordered proceedings closed amid a tumultuous hearing Monday
CNN  -- Cyclist Lance Armstrong said Thursday the surgery to repair his broken collarbone proved to be more complex than doctors originally anticipated and that he will take his recovery "  day by day . " Cyclist Lance Armstrong needed 12 screws to repair his broken collarbone . "  I thought everything went very smooth , " he said in a video to his supporters about Wednesday 's three-hour operation . Doctors in Spain , where Armstrong injured himself Monday when he fell during a race , initially thought he had suffered a simple fracture . However , additional X-rays and CT scans in Austin , Texas , where he lives , proved otherwise . "  They realized that the collarbone is actually in quite a few pieces , " said the 37-year-old cyclist , who pointed to an X-ray of a 4 - to 5-inch steel plate held in place by a dozen 1-inch screws , intended to stabilize it . "  That should keep things together , " he said . "  Ultimately , that will have to come out , but for now , it 's necessary . " Watch how Armstrong "  tweets " from hospital " Armstrong said he felt "  very lucky , very blessed " that , in almost 20 years of professional cycling , he has rarely crashed . "  We do n't know how my recovery will go , we 'll just take it day by day and ultimately get back on the bike and try to sort things out . " Armstrong 's remarks came a day after his surgeon , Dr. Douglas Elenz , told reporters that the cyclist will require two to three months of healing . The four breaks "  made treatment more challenging , but we 're confident that the treatment performed today is going to be successful , " Elenz said . During the next week , Armstrong "  will need to take it easy " to ensure the wound does not become infected , the doctor said . After his wound has healed , Armstrong will begin using an exercise bike to train his lower body , "  but we wo n't let him do a whole lot with his upper extremities , " Elenz said . "  After several weeks , we can take his training to the street , but we will need to take that day by day and week by week . " He said that , over the longer term , he will be looking for evidence that Armstrong is laying down new bone , that the plate is stable , that the athlete 's arm is strong and that his motion is fluid . Armstrong , riding for Team Astana , crashed about 10 miles  16 kilometers  from the end of the first stage of the five-day Vuelta Ciclista a Castilla y Leon race . Watch Armstrong 's crash " Armstrong announced last year that he was returning to competitive biking and would use the Spanish race as a warm-up for the Tour de France , which he won seven times before retiring in 2005 . He also had planned to race May 9-31 in the Giro d'Italia , one of Europe 's most prestigious and grueling stage races . This would have been the second comeback of his career . His first came in 1998 , two years after he was diagnosed with advanced testicular cancer that had spread to his lungs and brain . Doctors gave him a less than 50 percent chance of survival .	Lance Armstrong 's broken collarbone was worse than doctors expected Armstrong was injured Monday in crash at Spain bike race Armstrong announced last year he was returning to competitive racing
CNN  -- A conservative novelist in Saudi Arabia has triggered a firestorm on social media after one his tweets was misunderstood in Western media . The translation snafu hinged on a subtle grammatical fine point , said Abdallah al-Dawood . An article on the Financial Times online reported that he had called for women working as cashiers to be sexually harassed . The story was picked up by several news outlets , including the BBC and the Huffington Post . Even Arab media that reported on him used the erroneous Western translation . Al Arabiya , for example , cited the BBC story . Al-Dawood sought to clarify his stance in interviews with journalists . Speaking with Sabq , a Saudi daily , the hardliner vented his anger over the mistranslation of his message . No one had called or messaged him to confirm its meaning , he said . By then it was too late . It all began with a tweet on Sunday . Women in Saudi Arabia have begun working in shops , triggering vitriol from religious conservatives . Al-Dawood took to Twitter to express in his conservative criticism of women working as receptionists or cashiers to his 98,000 plus followers . He linked to an ultra-conservative academic study to support his view . His tweet : Getting lots of "  interaction in the trending of #femalecashiers #harassfemalecashiers This a link to a master 's degree thesis that considers the job of the female receptionist and cashier to be human trafficking . " The hash tag #harassfemalecashiers raised ire with some who took it as a command to ` harass female cashiers . ' But in Arabic the wording can be understood two ways . Al-Dawood was using the phase to say : "  They would harass female cashiers , " he has said . He was arguing that woman should not work as cashiers , because they would be harassed . A prominent female tweeter with over 22,000 followers lit into Al-Dawood . @NoonArabia wrote : "  Sickening ! MT : @Happy_Arab : #Saudi extremist calls upon men to sexually harass #women cashiers . " Ahmed Saleeti , a Saudi netizen with nearly 14,000 followers , tweeted " ... there is nothing worse and silliest than the causes that we deal with and no one is more trivial than our religious scholars . " Al-Dawood believes that if women are allowed to work at certain jobs , some men will treat with them with as much disrespect as they would trafficked women . Now he is experiencing firsthand the new reality in the age of social media : one need not even leave home to get a hard time in public .	A conservative writer argued in a tweet that working women in Saudi Arabia would be harassed The Western press mistranslated his tweet , Abdallah al-Dawood says Some thought the conservative author was calling for men to harass women sexually Netizens in Saudi Arabia went after him
CNN  -- South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford , already under fire for an extramarital relationship , should be impeached for abusing state finances , a Republican state senator said Monday . A Republican senator in South Carolina says Gov. Mark Sanford should be impeached over financial violations . Sen. David Thomas -- the chairman of the Senate constitutional and administrative subcommittee -- wrote to leaders of the Republican-controlled Senate , accusing the governor of violating state regulations . The allegations involve flights he took to London , England , and China in 2006 and 2007 on state business . South Carolina requires the governor to charge the state the lowest rate available unless there are overriding circumstances , such as emergency travel . "  The two flights by Gov. Sanford were in violation of the South Carolina Code of Regulations , " Thomas said in his letter . "  The difference in price between the most economical and the more expensive price of the seats the governor chose is approximately $ 13,700 . " Thomas said he thought the violations were enough to trigger impeachment proceedings . "  If I were in the House , the answer would be yes , I would be involved in the beginning of the impeachment process , " he said . "  I think there is enough data right now to take seriously a move toward impeachment . Is that sufficient for impeachment ? That I do n't know . " Sanford has been under fire since he disappeared in late June . Initially , there was speculation that he had simply gone off to recover from a bruising legislative session , in which he lost a fight to reject $ 700 million in federal stimulus money . His office tried to quiet the rumors , saying Sanford was hiking along the Appalachian Trail . But the governor offered a different account when spotted in the Atlanta , Georgia , airport after nearly a week out of pocket . With his wife nowhere in sight , a teary-eyed Sanford confessed to the affair with a woman from Argentina in a rambling news conference . He stepped down as head of the Republican governors ' group . Thomas urged Sanford to resign after he admitted his affair . Sanford said then that he intended to continue as governor and would try to rebuild his relationship with his wife and family . Last Friday , South Carolina first lady Jenny Sanford said she and her four boys were moving out of the governor 's mansion in Columbia and back to their home in Charleston for the upcoming school year . Jenny Sanford announced the news in a statement e-mailed to reporters , days after the family returned from a two-week vacation to an undisclosed location in Europe . In response to his wife 's decision , Sanford said , "  The first lady 's office has already put out a statement that speaks for the family , on this decision that we felt best , both for our process of reconciliation , and for the boys in the upcoming school year . "	State Sen. David Thomas says South Carolina governor violated finance regulations Sanford took flights to England , China that cost state $ 13,700 extra , Thomas says Thomas says violations are enough to trigger impeachment proceedings Republican governor has been under fire since confessing to extramarital affair
Washington  CNN  -- Go to the Obamacare website now because "  it has improved , " with more people completing applications after a month of problems that botched the rollout of HealthCare.gov , the official in charge of creating the online program told a Senate committee on Tuesday . Marilyn Tavenner , head of the federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services , assured the Senate Health , Education , Labor and Pensions Committee the website will be fixed by the end of November , as promised by the administration . She also said the first figures on how many people have enrolled so far under President Barack Obama 's signature health care reforms would be available next week , meeting a mid-November deadline the administration has set . However , Rep. Dave Camp of Michigan , the GOP chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee , announced Tuesday he issued a subpoena for the enrollment figures to be turned over by Friday -- November 8 , about a week earlier than planned . Administration officials expect the initial enrollment figures to be low , and Republicans want them made public as soon as possible as part of their efforts to depict Obamacare as badly flawed . Tavenner noted the administration 's target for the end of November was 800,000 people enrolled , but it was not immediately clear whether that was a prediction for what the actual figure would be or referred to the number projected before the troubled website launch on October 1 . She came under tough questioning from Republican opponents of the 2010 Affordable Care Act , known as Obamacare , who insisted that the law itself is the problem , not the dysfunctional website for enrolling . Tavenner acknowledged she knew of troubles encountered by consumers that GOP senators cited , such as a man in South Carolina whose personal details turned up when someone else registered . In a terse exchange with Republican Sen. Tim Scott of South Carolina , Tavenner said her agency had reached out to the man who complained of the security breach . "  We will find him and we will follow up on his questions , " she said , to which Scott offered to provide Tavenner with the man 's phone numbers . When she said her agency had the numbers , Scott responded : "  He does n't think so , actually , because no one 's called him . " Tavenner replied : "  Well , we have a disagreement there . " Later , GOP Sen. Lisa Murkowski of Alaska said that as of October 29 , only three people in her state had enrolled and she cited ongoing problems with the system that included providing consumers with incorrect information on available subsidies . "  Are you aware of this ? Has it been resolved ? Are we working on it ? , " Murkowski asked . "  Because the concern is that not only can people not get on to enroll , but if they do their subsidy calculations are incorrect . " Tavenner said her staff is aware of the issue and is "  working on a fix to the system to correct the Alaska issue specific to Alaska . " In one change to the federal website implemented by tech experts brought in to get it working , Tavenner said consumers can now view and compare health insurance plans online without registering for an account . Obamacare : It 's about government 's role , future elections When the website came online on October 1 , it got overwhelmed by initial volume , and outside contractors working on the system blamed the requirement that people set up an account before they could view coverage options instead of being able to "  window shop " without registering . "  In the first few days that we went live , few consumers could create an account , " Tavenner said , repeating information she first provided at a House committee hearing last week . "  We have now resolved that issue . Users can successfully create an account and go through the enrollment process . We are able now to process nearly 17,000 registrants per hour , or five per second , with almost no errors . " Tuesday 's hearing quickly generated the heated rhetoric of the continuing political battle over the Affordable Care Act passed with no Republican support three years ago and upheld by the Supreme Court last year . Debunking 4 Obamacare myths : Both sides get it wrong Republicans who have made dismantling or repealing the law known as Obamacare a top priority focused Tuesday on policy cancellations and higher prices facing some people , as well as the website woes that included difficulty logging on , error messages and lengthy delays . Sen. Lamar Alexander of Tennessee , the ranking Republican on the panel , said Obama broke his promise that people who like their previous plan could keep it . Instead , he noted , polices are being canceled for those who buy their own coverage instead of getting it through their jobs or Medicare and Medicaid . Carney : Obama ` ca n't go back ' and change Obamacare vow "  For these Americans the new promise is , ` if you want health care , go find it on a website the administration says wo n't be working properly until the end of November , ' " Alexander said , calling it "  an unwelcome Christmas present . " He called for a proposal to allow people to keep current coverage if they liked it , a concept rejected by the White House . Democratic Chairman Sen. Tom Harkin of Iowa noted the benefits already in place from Obamacare , and he encouraged Republicans to work on fixing problems instead of trying to undermine the program . What 's up with Obamacare and my health care ? CNN 's Lisa Desjardins contributed to this report .	NEW : GOP Rep. Camp subpoenas Obamacare enrollment figures Obamacare official Marilyn Tavenner appears before a Senate panel Republicans continue attacks on the health care law Tavenner : The Obamacare website now can process five registrants per second
Mental Floss  -- How well do you know your margarine history ? Let 's take a look at the origins of the butter substitute , and the dairy lobby 's attempts to defeat it . Where did the name "  margarine " originate ? In a chemist 's lab . French scientist Michel Eugene Chevreul discovered a new fatty acid in 1813 that he dubbed acide margarique . Chevreul 's discovery contained lustrous , pearly deposits , so he named it after the Greek word margarites , for "  pearly . " Did Chevreul take his margaric acid and head straight for the toaster ? Not quite . If you enjoy margarine , tip your cap to Emperor Napoleon III . Napoleon III saw that both his poorer subjects and his navy would benefit from having easy access to a cheap butter substitute , so he offered a prize for anyone who could create an adequate replacement . Enter French chemist Hippolyte Mège-Mouriès . In 1869 , Mège-Mouriès perfected and patented a process for churning beef tallow with milk to create an acceptable butter substitute , thereby winning the Emperor 's prize . Mental Floss : 10 foods that  thankfully  flopped So Mège-Mouriès became the first margarine tycoon ? Far from it . Despite Napoleon III 's high hopes for Mège-Mouriès ' product , which the scientist had dubbed "  oleomargarine , " the market did n't really take off . In 1871 , Mège-Mouriès showed his process to a Dutch company that improved on his methods and helped build an international market for margarine . The Dutch entrepreneurs realized that if margarine were going to become a substitute for butter , it needed to look like butter , so they began dyeing margarine -- which is naturally white -- a buttery yellow . Mège-Mouriès did n't get a princely sum for his invention ; he actually died a pauper in 1880 . The Dutch company that improved upon his recipe did pretty well for itself , though . The company , Jurgens , eventually became a world-renowned maker of margarines and soaps and later became a part of Unilever . How did the dairy world react to margarine 's sudden popularity ? They were predictably more than a little irked . Butter was big business , and the notion that a cheaper substitute , even one made in part with milk , might storm the market terrified dairy farmers . They did n't take the threat lying down , though , and convinced legislators to tax margarine at a rate of two cents per pound -- no small sum in the late 19th century . Dairy farmers also successfully lobbied for restrictions that banned the use of yellow dyes to make margarine look more appetizing . By 1900 , artificially colored butter was contraband in 30 U.S. states . Several states took even more extreme measures to turn consumers away from margarine -- they required the product to be dyed an unappealing pink color . Mental Floss : How Temperance Movement almost killed root beer Did other countries enact similar restrictions ? If you think taxes and dyes are tough , then the Canadian government 's anti-margarine campaign seems downright draconian . From 1886 until 1948 , Canadian law banned any and all margarine . The only exception to this rule came between 1917 and 1923 , when World War I and its aftermath left butter in short supply and the government temporarily gave margarine the thumbs up . Margarine did n't necessarily have an easier time after the ban was relaxed , either . Quebec 's strong dairy lobby ensured that rules against dyeing remained in place in the province until 2008 . Was there any way around these color restrictions ? Sure . It sounds almost laughable now , but if you wanted to eat margarine on your toast without having to stare at its natural white color , there was a solution . As the coloring restrictions became widespread around the turn of the 20th century , margarine producers accepted that they could n't dye their wares yellow . There was no reason why they could n't simultaneously sell consumers margarine and yellow dye , though . When you bought a block or tube of margarine , you also got a packet of food coloring that could be kneaded into the margarine by hand . What helped margarine stay competitive with butter ? More restrictions , of course . Paradoxically , the pure foods movement of the 1920s helped undermine natural butter and elevate the status of margarine . In 1923 Congress passed a law that made it illegal to add any other ingredients to butter , even additives that would help make the butter more spreadable . As any toast aficionado knows , margarine is a heck of a lot easier to spread than butter . Suddenly , butter makers could n't tweak their products to make it easier to slather on breakfast , but margarine manufacturers could . Margarine 's popularity skyrocketed . Margarine also got a bit bump from World War II . When wartime butter scarcity forced consumers to switch to margarine , lots of margarine holdouts realized that the improved product was n't so bad after all . In 1950 , the U.S. government repealed the heavy margarine tax , and the market continued to grow as individual states reversed their bans on colored margarine . The last state to repeal the ban on dyes ? You guessed it : Wisconsin . America 's Dairyland did n't allow dyed margarine until 1967 . Mental Floss : 9 tasty foods named after people For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Butter was big business , and margarine , a cheaper substitute , terrified dairy farmers Lawmakers put a tax on margarine , banned dyeing it yellow From 1886 until 1948 , Canadian law banned any and all margarine Wisconsin did n't allow dyed margarine until 1967
New York  CNN  -- The last thing 18-year-old Mohamed Kamara from Sierra Leone expected was to be honored by the New York Yankees , but there he was , tossing out the first pitch at a Yankees-Detroit Tigers game last week . Kamara survived one of Africa 's most brutal civil wars , nearly losing his life in his homeland . The Yankees celebrated Kamara 's survival and community spirit here , where he has lived since coming from Sierra Leone , with the team 's annual Project HOPE program . HOPE  Helping Others Persevere & Excel  recognizes people who have overcome their own personal challenges and who now inspire others by changing the community they live in . "  Today is going to be your day , where you 're going to hang out with us on this Hope Week and we 're going to make this day about you , because you make every day about everybody else , " said Brian Chashman , general manager of the Yankees , as Kamara was being honored . Hanging out was an understatement , even by Yankee standards . Kamara got the shock of life when he walked into a room at the New York Stock Exchange and was greeted by Yankee brass and players , including star lefthander C.C. Sabathia along with Hall of Famer Reggie Jackson . He toured the trading floor and was awarded an internship for next year by the stock exchange . He did n't know it then , but his surprise itinerary would next include a chat with Mayor Michael Bloomberg , a visit to the United Nations to meet the ambassador from Sierre Leone and to stand on the rostrum of the General Assembly , plus that trip to Yankee Stadium to throw out the first pitch at the Yankee-Tigers contest Wednesday night . Kamara earned his special honors . He was forced to become the sole provider for his family at the age of 9 . With his mother suddenly ill and an absentee father , Kamara took care of his four younger siblings . When a shaky ceasefire began in Sierre Leone , Mohamed came to the U.S. a few years ago to live with an aunt and uncle in the Bronx and to pursue his hope that he could create a better life for himself and his family . He attended high school , starting without any English skills , and ended up graduating in the top quarter of his class . A high school mentor helped him get a job as a golf caddy , and he commutes by train for almost five hours a day to and from New Jersey for that job . Seventy percent of what he earns is sent back to his family . "  I  get up every day at four o'clock in the morning to go to work . It was hard for me , but you know , I was determined to do it because I have a family to take care of and that was my main focus , " Kamara said . He went on to earn a partial scholarship to Johnson & Wales University in Rhode Island , where he plans to major in business . Kamara recognizes the problems created by Wall Street but is not deterred ; rather , he believes he has a role to play in its recovery . "  You know , it takes someone to fix it up , so hopefully one day I will be that person , " Kamara said . Derek Jeter , captain of the Yankees , who met Kamara at the U.N. , described him as "  a remarkable young man . He 's come over to this country , goes to school , works to support his family , now he 's headed off to college . We could n't be more proud of him . " After his U.N. tour , Kamara said he hoped one day to return to Sierre Leone to help improve things there . "  We 're inspired by the younger generations , moving like this , and trying to rebrandish the country of Sierra Leone , " said Ambassador Shekou Touray . . Kamara 's friends also are inspired by the selflessness of his actions -- so inspired , they compare him to a president they greatly respect . "  One time he was standing for class president and people came out with , ` Mobama , Mobama ! ' We used to call him that , " said Owusu Mensah , Kamara 's closest friend .	Mohamed Kamara began taking care of his family in Sierra Leone when he was 9 He came to the U.S. and carved a unique path to success Last week , the New York Yankees and others in the city honored the 18-year-old
CNN -- Just so you know , Bart Ehrman says he 's not the anti-Christ . Bart Ehrman says most of the New Testament is a forgery but it 's still an important body of work . He says he 's not trying to destroy your faith . He 's not trying to bash the Bible . And , though his mother no longer talks to him about religion , Ehrman says some of his best friends are Christian . Ehrman , a best-selling author and a professor of religious studies at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill , is a biblical sleuth whose investigations make some people very angry . Like the fictional Robert Langdon character played by actor Tom Hanks in the movie "  Angels & Demons , " he delves into the past to challenge some of Christianity 's central claims . In Ehrman 's latest book , "  Jesus , Interrupted , " he concludes : Doctrines such as the divinity of Jesus and heaven and hell are not based on anything Jesus or his earlier followers said . At least 19 of the 27 books in the New Testament are forgeries . Believing the Bible is infallible is not a condition for being a Christian . "  Christianity has never been about the Bible being the inerrant word of God , " Ehrman says . "  Christianity is about the belief in Christ . " Critic : ` There 's a touch of arrogance ' about him Ehrman 's claims have found an audience , and controversy . He 's a fixture on History Channel and Discovery Channel documentaries on Christianity . He 's appeared on National Public Radio , CNN and the BBC and talked about scribes misquoting Jesus on "  The Daily Show with Jon Stewart . " Yet Ehrman 's popularity also may be due to a larger trend . The books of people like Elaine Pagels , author of "  The Gnostic Gospels , " and Dan Brown , author of "  The Da Vinci Code " and "  Angels and Demons , " resonate with people who believe there are parts of the Bible that the church left on history 's editing floor . Some scholarly critics say Ehrman is saying nothing new . Bishop William H. Willimon , an author and United Methodist Church bishop based in Alabama , says he does n't like the "  breathless tone " of Ehrman 's work . "  He keeps presenting this stuff as if this is wonderful new knowledge that has been kept from you backward lay people and this is the stuff your preachers do n't have the guts to tell , and I have , " Willimon says . "  There 's a touch of arrogance in it . " Yet even many of Ehrman 's critics say he has a knack for making arcane New Testament scholarship accessible to the public . "  He has a gift for clear thinking and an ability to present some complicated things in simple , direct ways , " Willimon says . Some pastors also say that Ehrman forces them to confront tough questions about the Bible in front of their congregations . "  His take on the scriptures is a gift to the church because of his ability to articulate questions and challenges , " says Rev. Guy Williams , a blogger who also happens to be a Methodist minister in Houston , Texas . "  It gives us an opportunity to wrestle with the -LSB- Bible 's -RSB- claims and questions . " Ehrman : There was no resurrection Ehrman says that no one accepts everything in the Bible . Everyone picks and chooses . He cites some New Testament 's references to the role of women in church as an example . In the first book of Corinthians , Ehrman says , the Apostle Paul insists that women should remain silent in church  1 Corinthians 14:35 -36  . In the 16th chapter of the book of Romans , Paul 's attitude is that women could and should be church leaders -- and he cites women who were serving as deacons and apostles in the early church , Ehrman says . Ehrman backs his arguments with a deep knowledge of the culture and history of the New Testament world . He 's written 20 books on early Christianity and is an authority on ancient manuscripts used to translate the Bible . His claims , though , take on some of Christianity 's most sacred tenets , like the resurrection of Jesus . Ehrman says he does n't think the resurrection took place . There 's no proof Jesus physically rose from the dead , and the resurrection stories contradict one another , he says . He says he does n't believe the followers of Jesus saw their master bodily rise from the dead , but something else . "  My best guess is that what happened is what commonly happens today when someone has a loved one die -- they sometimes think they see them in a vision , " Ehrman says . "  I think some of the disciples had visions . " Ehrman says he immerses himself in the Bible , though he does n't believe in its infallibility , because it 's the most important book in Western civilization . "  I have friends who teach medieval English , " he says . "  They do n't believe in Chaucer , but they think Chaucer is important , " he writes in the conclusion of "  Jesus , Interrupted . " The fundamentalist turns agnostic Ehrman once had a different attitude toward the Bible . He was raised in the Episcopal Church in Lawrence , Kansas , and became a fundamentalist Christian at age 15 when he met a charismatic Christian youth group leader who reached out to him . Ehrman says he later persuaded his parents to embrace a more conservative brand of Christianity . He says he became so devoted to the Bible that he memorized entire sections . He was convinced the Bible was "  God 's words . " But Ehrman says he began to develop doubts about the infallibility of the Bible after attending Princeton Theological Seminary to become a college Bible professor . He even began to change his opinion of the Christian youth group leader who helped convert him . The youth leader visited Ehrman 's father when he was dying of cancer in a hospital . The youth leader used a bottle of hotel shampoo to "  anoint " his father , and tried to persuade his father to confess specific sins , Ehrman says . Ehrman says he was angry at the minister for acting "  self-righteous " and "  hypocritical . " "  For a vulnerable high-schooler who is trying to figure out the world , a personality like that is very attractive , " Ehrman says . "  They 're like cult leaders . They have all the answers . " Ehrman says he later became an agnostic because he could n't find the answer to another question : How could there be a God when there is so much suffering in the world ? An agnostic is one who disclaims any knowledge of God , but does not deny the possibility of God 's existence . Today , Ehrman describes himself as a "  happy agnostic . " But some people ca n't believe an agnostic can be happy , he says . They tell him that they 're praying for him . Others say worse . They say he 's being fooled by Satan and he 's headed to hell . Some say he 's the anti-Christ . "  I 'm not that powerful , " he says , laughing . His family , however , feels no obligation to talk to Ehrman about his ideas on the Bible , Ehrman says . His mother , brother and sister remain conservative Christians . He once tried to talk to his mother about his new beliefs , but the discussion proved fruitless . "  My mom is a strong evangelical , " Ehrman says . "  We talk basketball . We do n't talk religion . " Still , Ehrman says he still sends his mother and siblings copies of his latest books . They 've never responded , he says . "  I imagine they 're hidden in a back room , " he says . Whether it 's his family , critics or students , Ehrman says he has a better handle on why he is so threatening to so many people -- some Christians worry they will make the same decision he has . "  I changed my mind , " he says . "  My students find me more dangerous that way . I really do know what they 're talking about when they stake out an evangelical position . "	Meet a real-life "  Angels & Demons " professor Biblical scholar says most of New Testament is a forgery Scholar 's work gains audience skeptical of church Scholar 's mom no longer talks to him about his books
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A member of the Japanese doomsday cult responsible for the 1995 nerve gas attack on the Tokyo subway has been arrested after 17 years on the run , Tokyo police say . Naoko Kikuchi , 40 , a follower of the Aum Supreme Truth Cult , was apprehended in the town of Sagamihara , a quiet residential area approximately 40 km west of the Japanese capital after a local resident tipped off police . During a rush-hour attack on the morning of March , 20 1995 , cult members released sarin gas that led to the death of 13 people and sickened more than 5,500 commuters . Kikuchi has admitted to helping make the gas , which attacks the central nervous system , but was not aware how it would be used , Tokyo Metropolitan Police said . She was arrested on suspicion of murder and attempted murder . Before her arrest , she was living in a small , shabby house made out of rusted metal panels , local TV footage showed . Another resident , a 41-year-old man , was arrested for allegedly hiding the suspect . Police were tipped off early Sunday morning and made their arrest when Kikuchi returned home in the evening . They had recently doubled the reward available for information related to the suspects ' whereabouts to 10 million yen  $ 125,000  . Kikuchi was one of two remaining cult members wanted for their involvement in one of the most shocking acts of terrorism in Japan 's history . Katsuya Takahashi . 54 , is the only Aum follower involved in the attack still at large . Doomsday cult member surrenders to police in Japan Another cult member Makoto Hirata , wanted for the murder of a notary official , unexpectedly turned himself in on New Year 's Eve , stunning many in Japan . More than 200 members of the cult were convicted in the wake of the gas attack and 13 , including Shoko Asahara , the cult 's blind guru , were sentenced to death . However , no one has been executed . The cult now claims to be a benign religious group but at the height of its activities in the 1990s , it preached the world was coming to an end and that it must arm itself to prepare for various calamities . It had stockpiled weapons and the gas attack was part of what the group thought was an apocalyptic showdown with the government . CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki in Tokyo contributed to this report .	Naoko Kikuchi arrested after 17 years on the run Member of a doomsday cult behind 1995 nerve gas attack Attack on Tokyo subway killed 13 people and injured 5,500 Police say Kikuchi has admitted to helping make the gas
Washington  CNN  -- A Pentagon report released Tuesday on the military 's Dover mortuary finds that not only did some remains of U.S. troops end up in landfills â $ " so did remains from the 9/11 attacks . Dover AFB is where the remains of deceased U.S. armed forces first arrive home from overseas . How the Dover Port Mortuary  DPM  handled military remains caused an uproar last November , and the new report says much the same thing happened to remains from the Pentagon attack and the Shanksville , Pennsylvania , crash site of September 11 , 2001 . Of the nearly 3,000 victims of the 9/11 attacks , 224 were killed at the Pentagon and in Pennsylvania . The report says that in 2002 , some unidentified and already cremated remains from those attacks were placed in sealed containers , handed over to a biomedical waste contractor and then transported in containers and incinerated a second time . The assumption on the part of the mortuary , the report says , was that nothing was left . But then mortuary management found that some residual material had in fact remained after the second cremation and that the contractor had disposed of it in a landfill . And according to the report , "  The landfill disposition was not disclosed in the contractual disposal agreement . " Confusion over just exactly what the words "  final disposition " meant was one of the reasons that unidentified 9/11 remains ended up in a landfill . Retired Gen. John Abizaid , who is in charge of the independent review subcommittee investigation , told reporters , "  We think ` final disposition ' needs to be the final resting place  of remains  . " Abizaid noted that some states legally define "  final disposition " of remains as delivering them to the crematorium , and he added , "  we do n't agree " with what many consider to be that sort of final disposition . The report notes that such disposition ceased in 2008 and by 2009 a new policy was in place . Now , unidentified portions of remains are cremated and "  retired at sea . " The White House issued a statement Tuesday night expressing concern "  about the unacceptable handing of remains at Dover . " "  The President has been briefed on the independent review of Dover Port Mortuary and strongly supports the Pentagon 's efforts to make needed systemic structural changes so that these types of incidents never happen again , " the White House statement said . "  The United States has a solemn obligation to compassionately and professionally care for fallen service members and their families , and those we tragically lost on 9/11 . " Why 9/11 remains ended up in the Dover Port Mortuary is not explained in the new report and was not the focus of the investigation , said Abizaid . He said the report 's purpose is to address how mortuary operations should be reformed and controlled . Abizaid says the real problem with mortuary operations was a failure of command and the command structure . He said the Air Force has very strict regulations that it enforces on the handling of nuclear weapons , and that spirit needs to be adopted in this sphere of operations , too . "  We need to understand that just like the nuclear surety business , this a 100 % no-fail mission , and that means the same level of care needs to be taken with regard to the final resting place of our fallen , " Abizaid said . The issue came up earlier this month in a letter from Rep. Rush Holt , D-New Jersey , to Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta in which Holt inquired whether 9/11 victims ended up in the landfill . "  Can the Air Force confirm that no 9/11 victim 's remains were incinerated , mixed with medical waste , and sent to a landfill ? " Holt wrote in the letter . "  In her November 2011 correspondence , Acting Undersecretary for Personnel and Readiness Jo Ann Rooney stated to me that the five hijackers responsible for the Pentagon attack were also identified by Dover from DNA samples . How were the remains of the hijackers handled ? " A spokesman for Holt said the secretary of defense has not responded to those questions .	NEW : White House endorses efforts for "  systemic structural changes " Pentagon report : Some cremated remains were handed over to a biomedical contractor The remains were incinerated a second time and disposed of in a landfill The mortuary had erroneously assumed that no remains were left , report says
CNN  -- A manhunt for a 33-year-old sought in the disappearance of an Arkansas real estate agent ended with his arrest Monday , police say . The Little Rock Police Department arrested Arron Lewis , of Jacksonville , Arkansas , after an arrest warrant issued Sunday said he was charged with kidnapping . The warrant provided no other details , but Lt. Carl Minden with the Pulaski County Sheriff 's Office said Lewis was a suspect in the disappearance of Beverly Carter . Carter went to show a home in the small community of Scott on Thursday . She then vanished . Pulaski County Sheriff Doc Holladay told reporters Monday morning that his investigators were questioning Lewis . When asked whether the suspect was talking , Holladay said : "  We will have to see how cooperative he is as the day progresses . " Police have n't said how they linked Lewis to Carter or how they tracked him down , but they say Lewis left a hospital Sunday without notifying police while he was a person of interest in her disappearance . Suspect was in wreck Lewis , who was on parole , was in a traffic accident Sunday , and police arrived to find his automobile on top of a concrete culvert , according to an accident report from the sheriff 's office . Lewis told police that a vehicle , which he could n't describe , had run him off the road . But a witness told police that he was behind Lewis before the accident , and "  Lewis was traveling at a high rate of speed prior to the crash , " the report says . Another witness told police that "  the Lewis vehicle was going ` so fast ' prior to the curve and she further stated that she observed the Lewis vehicle ` fishtail ' around the curve , going into the ditch , " according to the report . Paramedics took Lewis to Baptist Health Medical Center in Little Rock . A deputy followed the ambulance to the hospital to issue Lewis a citation for careless driving as well as not wearing his seat belt , because there was evidence Lewis hit the windshield during the crash , the report says . At that time , Lewis was a person of interest in the Carter investigation , but he was not under arrest , Minden said . "  While at the hospital and undergoing tests , Mr. Lewis left the hospital . He was not under the guard of law enforcement at that time due to not having any criminal charges at that point , " the lieutenant said in a statement . The warrant charging him with kidnapping was issued later Sunday , he said . Dozens of volunteers -- as many as 200 , according to authorities -- spent their Sunday searching for the missing woman in the Little Rock area . They resumed their search Monday in two areas in the southern part of the county , the sheriff said . "  At this point we do n't know where she is , " Holladay said . The search has focused on an area of flat farmland and swamp around the Arkansas River , Minden said . The Sheriff 's Office has asked all owners of large tracts of land in the Scott area to search their properties . Official : Agent 's cell phone used The mysterious disappearance of the 49-year-old resonated among fellow real estate agents , who posted their fears on a Facebook page set up for sharing information about her case . Carter 's last phone call to her husband came Thursday afternoon , telling him the address where she would be . When hours went by with no further word from her , Carl Carter says he "  knew something was wrong . " Before calling authorities , Carl Carter went to the address of the home Beverly Carter was showing and saw her brown Cadillac parked there , the sheriff 's office said . Noticing the property was open , the husband entered and searched for his wife without success , according to the Sheriff 's Office . There has been activity on her cell phone since she disappeared , Minden said . Later he explained to HLN 's Nancy Grace that included text messages , but he declined to elaborate on the nature of the texts . Beverly Carter , who according to her employer 's website has been married for 34 years and has four grandchildren , was last seen wearing a black sleeveless shirt and red capris . "  I feel like I 'm in a fog , or a horrible nightmare from which I ca n't awaken , " Beverly Carter 's son , also named Carl , wrote on a Facebook post . "  She needs us , and we must continue to pray  and  brainstorm ways to find her . " The elder Carl Carter told CNN affiliate KARK-TV that "  I would just like to have my wife back . " The social media hashtag #FindBeverly has gained steam , and the Facebook page about her disappearance was followed by more than 28,000 people as of Monday afternoon . Police say Lewis ' Monday arrest is n't his first run-in with police . In addition to any charges he may face in Carter 's disappearance , he has a criminal history in northwest Arkansas that includes felony theft of property , obstruction of government operations , failure to appear and unlawful removal of a theft device , Minden said in a statement . He 's also faced charges from the Kansas City police and the Utah Department of Corrections , he said . CNN 's John Branch and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : Sheriff spokesman says there were text messages sent from missing agent 's phone Lewis arrested in case of missing real estate agent , police say Police say he left hospital Sunday after wrecking his car Volunteers resume their search for Beverly Carter
CNN  -- For his efforts to protect Haitian children from parasites , Aaron Jackson was honored as a CNN Hero in 2007 . His story inspired actor Rainn Wilson , who became involved with Jackson 's organization , Planting Peace . Since 2004 , Planting Peace has helped millions of children around the world through its deworming project called Stomp the Worm . It also has formed several children 's homes in Haiti and India . CNN 's Christie O'Reilly recently caught up with Jackson to talk about his group 's expanding efforts and his collaboration with Wilson . O'Reilly : What success has your group had with Stomp the Worm ? Jackson : When CNN Heroes highlighted our project , it brought a tremendous amount of awareness to the cause . We had dewormed 1.7 million children at the time . Last year alone , we dewormed 8 million . Most people know us for our worm initiative in Haiti , but we 've dewormed in Nicaragua , Honduras , Bolivia , Guatemala . We 've also treated a half million in North Korea . Now we 're trying to work on a fund where we deworm 1 million children a month . We 're purchasing the medication now at 1.3 cents , so we can deworm around 66 kids for $ 1 . O'Reilly : Why is deworming so important ? Jackson : You can see hungry children eating three times a day , and if they 're not dewormed they 're still lethargic , have high rates of anemia . They 're slowly wasting away . We can provide a treatment that 's just over 1 cent , and the kids come back to life within a day or two . Seeing these kids run around after being dewormed , it 's an amazing thing . And then you reflect that , "  Wow , this cost us one penny . " We did n't invent the deworming initiative , but we are happy to get it out there and show people the importance of it . ... We 'd love for people to help us reach our 1-million-a-month goal . O'Reilly : How many children 's homes has Planting Peace opened , and how do they work ? Jackson : We now have seven children 's homes : four in Haiti and three in India . We 're working on a fourth in India now for refugee children from Tibet . We 're opening it in Dharamsala , where the Dalai Lama lives . Maybe he 'll come visit us . That would be awesome . We keep our homes small . We have a rule : no more than 10  children  in each home , because we want to keep them very family-style . We try to keep the kids growing up like brothers and sisters . If we want to expand to help more children , we open another home . One of the homes in India is for handicapped children . One in Haiti is for HIV-positive children . Are you making a difference in your community ? Share your story in a short video . O'Reilly : How are your homes impacting children 's lives ? Jackson : Some of these kids we 've had for about eight years . It 's amazing seeing these kids grow up and seeing what they 're able to do . They have possibilities . Some of them came from the Cite Soleil slum .  Now  they 're healthy . We have a school they 're enrolled in . They participate in music five days a week ; we more or less have our orphan band in Haiti . They have a chance at life and hopefully will become future leaders of Haiti or elsewhere . We have a policy where we do n't adopt our kids out . We 're not going to help Haiti -- or whatever country we 're working in -- if we send the kids away . That might help that particular kid 's situation , but not Haiti as a whole . O'Reilly : How did the earthquake impact your work in Haiti ? Jackson : That really shook our foundation from all fronts . We were in the middle of our national deworming program and treating every child -- all 3.2 million kids -- and we had distributed half of that . If the earthquake had hit two weeks later , we would have gotten all the medication out to every child . It postponed the distribution ; it shifted the population of the country so we did n't know what areas we had dewormed in  or  who we dewormed . We had to wait before passing out the meds again . O'Reilly : What about your children 's homes ? Jackson : We were extremely fortunate . All five buildings we own -- our school plus four homes -- all stood up . We had to move out of two of the homes , but we were very fortunate . No kids were hurt . One of our homes sits on a hill -- our HIV home -- and I was worried about that . When I got to Haiti , that home barely had a scratch on it and the two right next to it had collapsed . We were extremely , extremely fortunate . O'Reilly : What impact has Rainn Wilson 's involvement had on your efforts ? Jackson : Rainn has been extremely beneficial on all fronts , helping bring awareness and raise money for the cause . He 's making the cause a little cooler now that he 's a part of it . He 's just been a great help . He 's traveled to Haiti a couple times . He recently did a fundraiser to help us raise money to start a new orphanage . He 's put us in contact with some amazing people that have helped us . O'Reilly : Where else will your travels take you this year ? Jackson : I 'm going to Ecuador in February . We 're looking at a rainforest initiative there . We own some rainforest land in Peru -- 1,000 acres -- for preservation , and we 're looking to do the same model in Ecuador . We purchased land in Peru about two and a half years ago . It 's in the Amazon . Most people think that rainforest is being destroyed because people are going in and cutting trees . That is true on some level , but ... the forest is mostly being destroyed by cattle farming using a slash-and-burn technique . Farmers come in , buy the land and light it on fire and burn it down . Our goal is to purchase the land so no one can come in and destroy it . We leave it alone , and we watch over  it  . It 's said that two out of every 10 breaths we take come from the Amazon rainforest . It 's important to preserve that for our future .	Aaron Jackson , a 2007 CNN Hero , has helped millions of children get dewormed He has teamed up with actor Rainn Wilson to spread awareness about parasites Jackson 's group also provides homes for orphans in Haiti and India Jackson : Help us deworm 1 million children a month
CNN  -- Barcelona striker Lionel Messi has hailed the performance of his teammates after the Spanish giants beat Manchester United 3-1 at Wembley on Saturday to lift their third Champions League trophy in six seasons . Messi produced a scintillating performance to enhance his reputation as being the world 's greatest player , scoring Barcelona 's second goal and tormenting the Manchester United defenders throughout the 90 minutes . However , the 23-year-old Argentine preferred to pay tribute to the players around him , telling the official UEFA website : "  We 're very happy to lift another trophy . It was a difficult season , but we showed how good we are . Champions League crown for Barcelona "  We were the better team . To be the man of the match is the least important thing because it was incredible how we played . We were very good in all areas . " Messi added : "  This team is incredible . I think we ca n't really fully appreciate what we 're doing , what we are achieving . "  We want to keep winning trophies and we can keep going further and further . We were superior against Manchester and deserved the win . "  It is another cup for us and I managed to score a goal again . Now we 're going on holiday -- after taking the cup home to our people -- then we will start thinking about what we can achieve next season . " Meanwhile , Brazilian international Dani Alves paid tribute to fellow-defender Eric Abidal , who made a remarkable recovery from a liver tumor operation to play against United -- with the Frenchman being handed the honor of lifting the trophy . "  Even before all of this we all said that our biggest victory , our most important trophy , was the recovery of Abi , " Alves told UEFA 's website . "  We put on a spectacle for everyone who is passionate about football and who loves football -- and I think that people who really like football will be very happy because they have seen a great match . " Barcelona midfielder Sergio Busquets added : "  We suffered a bit at the beginning , and at the end , but by then the match was already decided for us . "  I think it was an almost perfect game -- we had lots of possession and moved the ball very well . Thanks to that we managed to win . "	Lionel Messi hails the performance of his Barcelona teammates at Wembley Argentine striker Messi starred as Barcelona beat Manchester United 3-1 The victory earned Barcelona their third Champions League trophy in six seasons
AOL Autos  -- Robert Lutz , vice-chairman of General Motors , caused a stir in the auto industry -- and in the automotive press -- when he announced in January of 2007 that the Chevrolet Volt plug-in electric car would be ready for mass production and on the road , by the end of 2010 . GM has begun driving test models of the Chevrolet Volt at its Milford Proving Grounds . Because he was making this pronouncement at the 2007 North American International Auto Show in Detroit , Michigan , -- in conjunction with the unveiling of the Volt concept car -- skeptics thought that Lutz 's statement was a bit too optimistic . Some thought it might be one of those that falls into the category of "  speaking more from hope than experience , " and that it was more a rallying cry for the troops than an attainable reality . After all , at the time , reliable long-term and cost effective lithium-ion batteries required to power a plug-in electric cars seemed to be years away . But now , almost two years later , GM still seems confident that the 2010 launch date will be met . And that belief is shared by many who work for some of the auto-biz research institutes/industry associations . On September 16 , GM celebrated its 100-year anniversary celebration at the Renaissance Center in downtown Detroit , Michigan , by unveiling the production version of the Volt . Meanwhile , that same day , GM began driving test models at its Milford Proving Grounds . AOL Autos : Hybrid SUVs GM is n't the only player with plug-in electric cars coming down the pike . So far this year , Ford has delivered the first two of what will eventually be a fleet of 20 Escape Plug-In Hybrid "  research " vehicles to Southern California Edison , the utility company . And in June , Ford also dispatched an Escape Plug-In Hybrid flex-fuel vehicle -- which means it can run on E85 -- to the U.S. Department of Energy . Both of those deliveries were for purposes of road-testing the vehicles to see how they perform over the long haul . Similarly , Toyota has announced plans to build their version of a plug-in electric car and place them into corporate fleets in 2010 . Plus , Nissan will be introducing an electric car for fleet use in 2010 , but the company has not announced yet whether it will be a plug-in . Some obstacles still need to be overcome , but with gasoline projected to stay high , automakers may have more incentive than ever to bring a plug-in electric car to market . AOL Autos : Most-popular fuel-efficient cars So this seemed like a good time to check in with the major players in the plug-in sweepstakes -- and talk to a research group that is working in conjunction with the automakers -- to get an update on their progress . It also offered a chance to discuss the various aspects of the march toward the electric car being not only a reality , but perhaps a ubiquitous presence on American highways . AOL Autos : Best resale value cars How it works The above-named automakers are each using somewhat different variations of plug-in electric-car technology -- that is , they 're using different variations of plug-in battery technology and a gas engine . Let 's look at the Chevy Volt first , since that 's the one that will seemingly be the first to hit the marketplace : Lutz has said that the Volt has a leg up , since it draws from GM 's previous experience in the modern electric-vehicle market when it launched the EV1 in 1996 . Volt owners will be able to fully charge its lithium-ion battery by plugging it into a 110-volt outlet for approximately six hours a day , which for most drivers will presumably be while they are sleeping . AOL Autos : Luxury cars with best gas mileage "  The average driver drives about 30 miles a day , " says Tony Posawatz , Chevrolet 's vehicle line director for the Volt . "  And when the Volt 's battery has been fully charged , and you drive under regular driving conditions , you 'll be able to drive about 40 miles a day using only the electricity from the battery . So , in that scenario , you 're using zero gasoline , which is a pretty appealing proposition , given the current price of gas . " However , if you 're not an average driver , and you log more than those 40 miles , once the battery is depleted , a 1.0-liter , three-cylinder turbocharged gasoline engine will spin to create electricity and replenish the battery . On schedule "  We definitely feel that we 're on schedule , that we will be able to deliver the Volt before the end of 2010 , " Posawatz said . "  We 're working closely with our battery developers , and based on their progress , we 're definitely on track to hit that 2010 date . " AOL Autos : Best hybrids Eighteen months ago , many in the industry thought that the internally-mandated 2010 date was just too much to expect , given all of the technology and cost implications . "  Well , it is definitely a compressed time frame , " Posawatz conceded . "  It is unusual to develop a new vehicle and a new propulsion system at the same time . But the analogy that Mr. Lutz used was when he compared it to President Kennedy saying that we were going to send a man to the moon by the end of the decade , not ` whenever we feel like it . ' "  Ideally , engineers would like the time to make a new product that 's just perfect , but the beauty of this time line is that is makes a statement that GM wants to take a leadership position in this endeavor , with all of those benefits and privileges that would come with that , " Posawatz continued . "  There is a tremendous opportunity for whoever is the technological leader when it comes to displacing petroleum as the primary source of fuel for automobiles . " That 's because a plug-in electric car would only cost about 12 cents per kilowatt hour to operate , said Mark Duvall , program manager for electric transportation at the Electric Power Research Institute  EPRI  -- the research and development arm of the electric utility industry . "  Twelve cents per kilowatt hour is roughly the equivalent of less than a dollar per gallon of gasoline , " Duvall said . "  Obviously , prospects for having a plug-in electric vehicle on the road , in high volumes , are better than they have ever been , " Duvall said . "  Back in 2001 , we conducted a study and projected 2010 as the year that the plug-in electric car would be able to be commercialized , so the current schedule is indeed meeting our expectations . "  We 've definitely seen an explosion in the technological advancement of the lithium-ion batteries that have been in development the last few years , " he continued . "  We 've tested some of these batteries , and we 're optimistic that they 're up to the task , and that they 'll be ready for the marketplace by 2010 . "  The current gas-electric hybrids have been an important step , because they really have allowed for the most efficient use of gasoline to date , because they 've minimized a lot of the waste of fuel that occurred during starting , stopping and idling . "  But a plug-in vehicle , if you 're the average driver , gives you a chance to completely eliminate the use of gasoline , " Duvall noted . "  That would be a tremendous boon to the individual consumer , and would obviously be a boon to the environment , and would benefit the nation geopolitically , given our current dependence on foreign oil . " Cost and durability As mentioned previously , the hurdles to a mass-market launch thus far have been the cost and the efficiency of the lithium-ion battery . John Hanson , Toyota 's National Manager of Environmental , Safety & Quality Communications , thinks that these are significant challenges . "  There are a number of things we still need to find out about the lithium-ion battery before Toyota can bring the plug-in car to the consumer market , " Hanson said . "  We need to see how it performs , how durable it is , and what its limitations might be . " Scott Staley , Ford 's chief engineer for hybrid and fuel-cell technology development , agreed . "  There has definitely been progress with the technology of the lithium-ion battery , but the industry still needs to get the volumes up and the cost down in order to make it work as a commercially viable proposition , " Staley said . And GM 's Posawatz noted that , "  remember , we 're not talking about a nice , clean , air-conditioned environment that these batteries will be operating in . "  These are environments where there are dramatic temperature swings , and where the batteries will be subjected to dirt , debris , moisture , vibration , and possible crash situations , " Posawatz said . "  So the challenge was to develop a battery that is not only cost effective , but one that can also meet these rigorous operational requirements , and one that will also last 10 years or 150,000 miles . " GM is currently working with a few different battery developers , who are sharing their research , and "  we have techs testing them for hours , and there is nothing we have encountered , from a technical standpoint , that was unexpected , or that would deter us from the 2010 date . " Posawatz also noted that "  one challenge has been getting the weight of the battery pack down , and we now have it down to 375 pounds . " As for cost , Posawatz is also aware that "  the price of the first batteries are frankly going to be unacceptable , from a long-term perspective , but we 're marching ahead regardless , because we know that once we get these cars into the marketplace , and the sales volume increases , the cost will come down . We 're not looking at making a profit on the first Volts we introduce to the public -- but that will happen over the longer term , as they become more popular and we ramp up production . " EPRI 's Duvall reframes that proposition , observing that , "  any carmaker who comes out with a new , revolutionary technology like this knows that the product will have to cross the valley of death initially , in that they wo n't make any profit from it . Profit will come later , after they 're on the market for a while and volumes have increased . "	Car companies say plug-in electric cars could be mass produced by 2010 GM celebrated its 100-year anniversary by unveiling Chevrolet Volt Ford developed first of 20 Escape Plug-In Hybrid "  research " vehicles Toyota has announced plans to build their version of a plug-in electric car
CNN  -- A murder charge was dropped against one of three teenagers accused of fatally shooting a college baseball player in a random "  thrill kill , " said the district attorney 's office in Stephens County , Oklahoma . James Edwards Jr. , 17 , will now be tried as a juvenile on a charge of concealing a weapon , reported CNN affiliate KSWO . Edwards will have to testify against former co-defendants Michael Jones and Chancey Luna , who still face charges of first-degree murder . Police had said the three teens shot Chris Lane -- an Australian attending East Central University on a baseball scholarship -- in August 2013 as he was jogging in Duncan , a town of about 23,000 people located about 80 miles southwest of Oklahoma City . Authorities had said the three youths saw Lane passing by and shot him because "  they had nothing to do . " Jones and Luna have pleaded not guilty . KSWO reported that no gunshot residue was present on Edwards the day of Lane 's death and that other evidence cast doubt on his involvement in the killing .	3 teens accused of fatally shooting Chris Lane , a jogger Murder charge dropped against James Edwards Jr. . Edwards will testify against the other two defendants Lane was an Australian who played college baseball
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- The Thai military on Friday tightened its grip on the politically unstable Southeast Asian nation , banning more than 150 prominent figures from leaving the country and threatening to arrest politicians who disobey its orders . Former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra was among those who reported to the military junta , which seized power in a coup Thursday after months of turmoil that paralyzed much of the government and caused deadly clashes in the streets of Bangkok . The United States and other countries have criticized the military 's intervention , the latest in a long list of coups in Thailand , and called for the swift restoration of democracy . Yingluck , whose government was in power when the unrest began in November , was removed from office this month by the country 's Constitutional Court over the appointments of top security officials . Prominent people summoned Yingluck arrived around noon Friday at a military compound in Bangkok with one of her sisters and was still there hours later , a source close to the former leader told CNN . The military on Thursday summoned Yingluck and three other members of her politically powerful family to report to authorities . It has also called on more than 100 others , including prominent figures on both sides of Thailand 's political divide , to come to military facilities . Those who do n't report , it has warned , will be arrested . Military officials have n't provided much explanation about the reasons for the summonses , saying it 's necessary "  to ensure smooth operation of restoration of peace and order . " They have also placed travel bans on Yingluck and scores of others . Yingluck was being detained at a military barracks outside Bangkok , the Thai government 's national security adviser , Lt. Gen. Paradon Patthanathabut , said late Friday . Paradon said Yingluck was detained for her own safety along with and former ministers and one-time members of her Cabinet . The junta on Thursday detained some of the leaders of the country 's deeply polarized political factions . Some of those held , including opposition leader Abhisit Vejjajiva and members of Yingluck 's Pheu Thai Party , were later released . Constitution ditched , curfew imposed Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha , the head of the military , has assumed the powers to act as Prime Minister until a new one takes office , the military said Thursday . How the government will operate remains unclear , given that the military also has thrown out the constitution it drew up in 2007 after a previous coup , except for Section 2 , which acknowledges that the King is the head of state . The last six months have been marked by large-scale protests , both by those backing Yingluck 's government and those opposed to it . There have been periodic outbursts of deadly violence in the streets . Protest camps of both sides in Bangkok have been cleared away since the coup . Under the new order , schools will be closed nationwide between Friday and Sunday , the military said . A curfew is in place between 10 p.m. and 5 a.m. And all state-run , satellite and cable TV providers have been ordered to carry only the signal of the army 's television channel ; CNN is among those networks that have been taken off the air . The military warned against posting misleading or critical comments on social media platforms . In a speech Thursday , Prayuth explained that these actions were necessary to restore order and push through reforms . In Bangkok , calm and a cleanup The day after the coup , a peculiar calm had settled on the streets of much of the Thai capital , which has been the focal point of political unrest . A few hundred anti-coup protesters gathered in central Bangkok , some cheering and whistling and others holding banners saying "  no to coup , " but members of the military kept a distance . A few demonstrators from rival camps argued among themselves , but police tried to calm both sides down . The crowds were thinning out by early Friday evening . Life in most of the city 's center appeared normal during the day , with shops open and people going to work . In the area by the Democracy Monument , where anti-government protesters had camped out for months , work had begun to clear up the detritus that had been left behind . Dozens of people were dismantling large tents , cleaning and sweeping . Trucks and cranes were pulling down the infrastructure the protesters had put up at the camp . The military presence around the city remained subtle , with few soldiers in view , except outside the Defense Ministry and military sites . "  The situation in Bangkok is quite calm at the moment , but obviously we 're all watching very , very closely to see what happens next , " Kristie Kenney , U.S. ambassador to Thailand , told CNN . Kenney said she would not be attending a briefing Friday that the Thai military was holding for diplomats but would send someone from the U.S. Embassy . Her comments came after U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said Thursday that there was "  no justification " for the military coup . The U.S. Embassy in Bangkok has updated its guidance for Americans traveling to Thailand . It "  recommends that U.S. citizens reconsider any nonessential travel to Thailand , particularly Bangkok , due to ongoing political and social unrest and restrictions on internal movements , including an indefinite nighttime curfew . " The question many analysts are asking is how the popular "  Red Shirt " movement , which supports Yingluck and her exiled brother Thaksin Shinawatra , will respond to the coup . The Red Shirts , whose support base is in the rural north and northwest of Thailand , were already angered by Yingluck 's ouster this month , a move they viewed as a judicial coup by Bangkok elites . Senior Red Shirt leaders , as well as prominent figures from the anti-Yingluck protesters , were still being held Friday by the military , according to Paradon , the national security adviser to the government . Thaksin , a business tycoon who built a highly successful political movement through populist policies benefiting the rural masses , was deposed as Prime Minister in a military coup in 2006 . In 2010 , when the pro-Thaksin party was out of power , the Red Shirts mounted large protests in the heart of Bangkok . An ensuing crackdown by security forces resulted in clashes that killed around 90 people . Thailand martial law : A cheat sheet to get you up to speed Soldiers , selfies and a military coup CNN 's Kocha Olarn and Paula Hancocks reported from Bangkok , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Paula Hancocks , Simon Harrison , Neda Farshbaf and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	U.S. says Americans should "  reconsider any nonessential travel to Thailand " Source : Ex-Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra at a military compound in Bangkok The Thai military imposes a travel ban on scores of people Anti-coup protesters demonstrate in central Bangkok ; military keeps a distance
CNN  -- Alfred Matthew Yankovic has come a long way from the teen chopping up '70s disco hits for the Dr. Demento radio comedy hour . Over the years , he 's taught us everything from where to buy quilts at a discount price to what teen spirit smells like . But now , "  Weird Al " is no longer just doing funny spoofs of Madonna and Michael Jackson ; he 's educating the Internet on how to properly use the Oxford comma . While he 's sold more than 12 million albums , earned three Grammys and racked up four gold records , Yankovic may be at his artistic peak with the sublime new single , "  Word Crimes . " Yankovic has turned Robin Thicke 's not so humble brag about his dangling participle into something that could follow in the grand tradition of "  Schoolhouse Rock " and , he says , "  ostensibly be part of a school curriculum . " "  I 've taken a song that people had a problem with because it was slightly misogynistic , and I made it into a song about grammar , " Yankovic said in an interview with CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper " on Wednesday . Yankovic molds Thicke 's catchy , but borderline sexist , "  Blurred Lines " into a linguistic piece de resistance , waxing grammatical about those who confuse irony and coincidence . Though Yankovic insisted that he loves all the songs equally off his new album , "  Mandatory Fun , " when pressed , Yankovic said his tribute to the fundamentals of style "  might be " his best track yet . The artist 's dedication to proper English syntax seems to have struck a chord with the Internet at large . As of this writing , more than 2.5 million people took three minutes out of their day to watch Yankovic 's lesson on literally versus figuratively . "  I 'm not alone . I 'm not the only grammar nerd out there , " Yankovic said about the song 's success . "  There 's a lot of people who share my pain . " "  Word Crimes " is the second of eight tracks Yankovic released on YouTube . The singer , rapper and musical virtuoso intends to release eight parodies in eight days to help promote his new record . But Yankovic politely deflects on whether he knows which tracks will connect with his audience . "  I love all the songs equally , " Yankovic said . "  There 's no lead single on this album because I do n't know what people are going to respond to the most . " Whereas Yankovic 's previous hits relied more on simple word substitution -- see "  Like a Surgeon " or "  Fat " -- his new songs are more textured . The artist partially credits his new freedom to how the music ecosystem has evolved since he emerged on the scene in the 1980s . "  MTV does n't really stand for music television anymore , " Yankovic said . "  The Internet is the new MTV . " Less concerned with the relatively rigid formula required to rhyme his way on to the bygone "  Total Request Live , " Yankovic said taking record and television executives out of the equation has given him more musical latitude . "  It does allow me to try things I would n't have tried before , " he said . "  Now , it 's basically , ` What do I like ? What do the fans like ? ' " Watch The Lead with Jake Tapper weekdays at 4pm ET . For the latest on The Lead with Jake Tapper click here .	"  Weird Al " Yankovic is educating the Internet on how to properly use the Oxford comma Yankovic may be at his artistic peak with his new single "  I 'm not alone . I 'm not the only grammar nerd out there , " Yankovic says
CNN  -- When it comes to mandatory education , Puerto Rico and Venezuela stand apart from the rest of the world . There , children are required to attend school for 14 years . That 's longer than any other country -- or commonwealth or territory -- by at least one year , according to the most recent data from UNESCO . Five places -- Anguilla , Belgium , Germany , the Netherlands and Turks and Caicos Islands -- require 13 years of education . The United States is among a large group that requires 12 years . Nobody starts a child sooner than Venezuela , which begins by age 3 . Puerto Rico starts two years later and ends at 18 , which is tied for the highest "  ending age " along with Belgium , Germany and Uzbekistan . At the other end of the spectrum are Bangladesh , Equatorial Guinea , Laos , Myanmar and Pakistan , which require only five years of education , according to UNESCO . By age 9 , children in Myanmar and Pakistan are already finishing up their legal obligation for school . Among all of the locations in the table , the average amount of compulsory education is nine years , starting by age 6 and ending near 14 . More Country Comparisons : Who 's got the highest  and lowest  unemployment rates ?	Puerto Rico and Venezuela require 14 years of education , according to UNESCO The United States requires 12 years of education , three above the world average Children in Myanmar and Pakistan are only obligated to be in school for five years
CNN  -- A student was shot dead Friday afternoon at South Carolina State University , prompting a manhunt for several suspects that extended beyond the school 's Orangeburg campus . Orangeburg County Coroner Samuetta Marshall identified the slain student as Brandon Robinson , 20 , of Orangeburg . "  He was a very nice young man , " South Carolina State University President Thomas Elzey said , fighting back tears in a brief statement to reporters . "  And it hurts . It hurts us all . " Police were still looking for at least four individuals who they say might be responsible . Elzey said "  we are pulling together as a community , " announcing that counselors would be made available to grieving students . "  Our first order of business is to make sure that our students are safe , " the school president said . Campus police were called to the Andrew Hugine Suites Living and Learning community about 1:30 p.m. and found the injured student , the university said . Police said eyewitnesses identified four suspects who had left the campus , the university said . The school was initially put on lockdown ; those restrictions were lifted a few hours later . Nonetheless , South Carolina State 's Facebook page still urged people to "  remain cautious and report any suspicious activity to police . " South Carolina State is a historically black university with about 4,000 students , according to the school website . The campus is about 40 miles south of Columbia . CNN first learned about the incident via Twitter . This is the third campus shooting this week . On Tuesday , a gunman shot and killed another student inside Purdue University 's electrical engineering building . Police said Cody Cousins , 23 , an engineering student , killed Andrew Bolt , 21 , of West Bend , Wisconsin . Cousins was charged with murder . On Monday , a student was shot and critically injured near a gym at Widener University near Philadelphia . Police were looking for a suspect . On Wednesday , the University of Oklahoma in Norman briefly shut down after a report of a possible shooting that apparently turned out to be a false alarm , the university 's president said .	New : Victim identified as Brandon Robinson , 20 , of Orangeburg , South Carolina The student shot at South Carolina State has died , school president says Police continue to hunt for 4 people who witnesses said were tied to the crime This is the third shooting at a U.S. university this week
CNN  -- If we can put a man on the moon ... I see it every day , the wonderment in the eyes of young children as they walk into the museum . They marvel at the pockmarked Apollo 11 command module or the shininess of the Apollo lunar module or the massive scale of the Space Shuttle Discovery . For them , nearly five decades later , anything is still possible . Forty-five years after the crew of Apollo 11 landed on the moon , millennials have now reached adulthood -- just as the baby boomers did in the 1960s -- and their kids still see hope in the stars . This historic anniversary shines through the decades , as a watershed of American ingenuity , determination and spirit . At the Smithsonian 's National Air and Space Museum , our visitors remind us every day that these qualities endure , as entwined as ever with progress in aviation , spaceflight and planetary science . Since our opening during the nation 's Bicentennial in 1976 , more than 325 million people have visited . The establishment in 2003 of our second location in suburban Virginia , the Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center -- where the Shuttle Discovery is now located -- has increased our patronage . We are recognized as the country 's most visited museum . What is it about the history and science of flight that appeals to so many , transcending age and cultural biases ? Public reaction to the moon landing offers clues . More than anything , it represented infinite potential . It was the first time in history that humans set foot on another body . It was an American endeavor , but a worldwide triumph . The Apollo 8 mission less than a year earlier set the stage for this powerful and galvanizing achievement because it inspired people to view the planet Earth in a new way . When its crew in lunar orbit focused cameras on Earth , humanity saw its home for the first time from far away , a small "  blue marble " hanging in the blackness of space . So when Neil Armstrong set foot on the moon 's surface in the summer of 1969 , humanity recognized in an unambiguous way that the exploration of space was possible , achievable and inevitable . This recognition continues to inspire and motivate us , and will for decades to come . As the home of Armstrong 's spacesuit , the Apollo 11 command module Columbia , and thousands of other artifacts related to aviation and space , we see firsthand how viewing these objects , and learning the stories behind them , resonates with children and people of all ages . Our mission -- to commemorate , educate and inspire -- applies not only to the artifacts we preserve , but also to the research we conduct in aeronautics , space history and planetary studies . The work our curators and scientists do serves as the foundation for exhibitions , programs , books , educational activities , online offerings , and live and broadcast programs . In the 21st century , our mission extends far beyond our walls , to reach the global community . For those of us 50 and older , the anniversary of the moon landing will undoubtedly bring to mind the memory of what we were doing when Armstrong stated those memorable words "  one small step for  a  man ; one giant leap for mankind . " We watched the event on television , looked up at the moon , and half expected to see Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin 's movements from Earth . For younger people who have never known a life where Americans were not exploring space , who have followed the magnificent achievements of the space shuttle era and progress on the International Space Station , they know our adventure is still ongoing , one they will eventually inherit . At the National Air and Space Museum , the pride and optimism of Apollo 11 has n't faded away . It endures , living on in the eyes of those kids . And now it 's up to them . What transforming discoveries will they make in the next 50 years of the space age ? What new technologies and new worlds will become routine for them and their children ? Only one feature of spaceflight is inevitable : The unexpected will occur . Nevertheless , it is that sense of possibility that continues to excite us . The sky is no longer the limit . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Gen. J.R. "  Jack " Dailey says , 45 years after the first moonwalk , the allure of space is still strong The Air and Space Museum is home to Neil Armstrong 's spacesuit Visitors can also find the Apollo 11 command module there Dailey : For many children and grown-ups , the moon landing represented infinite potential
CNN  -- Federal agents in Gulfport , Mississippi , arrested Sunday a 53-year old man , declared dead in 1994 , on kidnapping charges . Thomas Steven Sanders was arrested in the early morning at a Flying J Truck Stop . He is suspected in the abduction of Lexis Roberts , 12 , of Las Vegas , Nevada . She was later found dead . His capture is unusual because Sanders was legally declared dead in Mississippi by family members some 16 years ago . "  However , we now know that he is still alive and has ties to several states across the country , " the FBI said in a statement earlier this month . Sanders , who is thought to be missing most of his teeth , has changed his appearance several times over the years . He is described as a white male , around 200 pounds with brown eyes . In September , Sanders was seen purchasing bullets at a local Wal-Mart in Las Vegas . The ammunition he bought was consistent with the caliber weapon used during Roberts ' homicide , the FBI said . The girl 's remains were found by hunters in early October in a wooded area north of Harrisonburg , Louisiana . She was last seen with her mother , Suellen Roberts , and Sanders . Sanders was alone at the time of his arrest .	Thomas Steven Sanders , 53 , was arrested in Gulfport , Mississippi In 1994 , he was legally declared dead by family members Sanders is suspected of having kidnapped Lexis Roberts , 12
Washington  CNN  -- The path to the White House is paved with former frontrunners -- or maybe call them buzzleaders , since we 're three years away from 2016 and nobody is officially running for president yet . Time magazine has put three different GOP lawmakers on its cover . First it was Marco Rubio . Then it was Rand Paul . Now it is Chris Christie . Do n't forget to sprinkle that seasoning over all the sugary buzz surrounding Christie , who was emphatically reelected as New Jersey governor this week . The foreshadowing was evident as he sailed to victory and a second term . There 's no doubt Christie is mulling a run for president . "  I know that if we can do this in Trenton , New Jersey , then maybe the folks in Washington , D.C. , should tune in their TVs right now and see how it 's done , " he said during his victory speech , suggesting he had found the right mix to work together with Democrats and rise above partisan rancor . He was even more pointed with CNN 's Jake Tapper when he suggested that Republicans have veered away from a winning path and onto an ideological one . Where does Christie go next ? "  I think that the party 's got to focus on winning again , " Christie said from his campaign bus Tuesday , sending a clear message to conservative idealists and the tea party . "  You know , sometimes , I feel like our party cares more about winning the argument than they care about winning elections . And if you do n't win elections , you ca n't govern . And if you ca n't govern , you ca n't change the direction of a state , like we have done in New Jersey . " The big question , assuming he does run for president , will be whether he can get conservatives he does n't see eye-to-eye with to support him in order to get to a general election . The Christie narrative goes like this : The dynamic New Jersey Republican has flourished as a red governor in a blue state . He 's defied unions and enacted conservative policies without doing something too drastic , the way Mitt Romney did with health insurance reform . He 's shown a willingness to work with Democrats . He showed leadership after Superstorm Sandy . There 's no doubt about it : Chris Christie won a huge victory Tuesday . And the way the media works these days , a big win for a governor like Christie makes him the odds-on favorite to be the Republican nominee for president in 2016 , three years from now . Until he is n't . Wait for it . Or just ask Rubio about working across party lines in Washington . Rand Paul is n't much known for working with Democrats , but his buzz has faded lately as he 's dealt with a plagiarism scandal . And he has competed with Sen. Ted Cruz for attention with the most conservative bulwarks of the party . When moderates fight back : GOP civil war could be brutal in 2014 elections Christie 's relationship with social conservatives , a key GOP constituency , could be frustrated . He laid down his sword , for instance , when it became clear that courts would allow same-sex marriage in California . But conservatives in Iowa are n't ready to reject him simply because he lost the battle over same-sex marriage . "  He accepted , I 'll say it , the position of gay marriage existing in New Jersey , " said Rep. Steve King , a Republican from the key state of Iowa . He said economic issues will be more important . "  We 've had to make accommodations for that in Iowa . We have some experience with that . But he did n't endorse gay marriage . And the tea party themselves , I 've been in many discussions with them and tried to argue to the contrary , they say we want to stay with the economic and the constitutional issues . Not the social agenda . " And do n't forget : Romney , the Republicans ' 2012 presidential nominee , was governor of the first state to allow same-sex marriage when courts there OK 'd the practice back in 2004 . Christie has got the cover of Time this week . Back in February , it was Rubio pictured confidently on the cover of that publication with the bold headline , "  The Republican Savior : How Marco Rubio became the new voice of the GOP . " Back then -- just this past February -- Rubio was the young senator with tea party credentials and a willingness to work across the aisle . The Rubio narrative is just as compelling as Christie 's . The son of Cuban immigrants came to Washington on a tea party wave and staked his career on a bold and politically courageous effort to rewrite the nation 's immigration laws . He sought to heal a perceived rift between Republicans and Latinos and bring millions of undocumented immigrants out of the shadows . It was a tortured process , but the Senate did , four months after Rubio was featured on the Time cover , pass 68-32 the immigration bill he helped write . It took mostly Democratic votes to do it , however . And Rubio 's tea party cred was hurt . Election Night 2013 : Christie wins big , Virginia provides drama Now that bill on which Rubio spent so much political capital is , as he told CNN 's Dana Bash on Wednesday , "  stuck . " And Rubio is the first to admit he has paid a political price with Republicans for working with Democrats and supporting a pathway to citizenship . "  I was in favor of immigration reform . It had nothing to do with politics of it , although it may have some political implications . It was because it was the right thing to do for our country . " The more conservative House of Representatives wo n't touch Rubio 's bipartisan bill , which has put him in the tough position of potentially having to support something less expansive in order to get anything done . "  What comprehensive bill on anything is going to get passed around here right now ? " he asked . "  We ca n't even get a farm bill passed . " Farm bills , FYI , are normally bipartisan and easily ratified . But not this year , with a stubborn Congress and a divisive president . "  People think Washington is gross , " he said of the current atmosphere . Later , Rubio told Bash he does n't yet know of any senators running for president  meaning him  , but he hopes his experience in Washington wo n't be a permanent liability . "  You can work in Washington without being of Washington , " he said . "  Luckily , I have n't been here long enough to believe that what goes on here is normal . "	There 's no doubt Christie is mulling a run for president The big question will be whether he can get conservatives to support him Sen. Marco Rubio 's prominent profile has led to complications for the potential 2016 contender
Washington  CNN  -- A day before the United States observes Martin Luther King Jr. . Day , park rangers placed wreaths at the Washington memorial honoring the civil rights leader . Members of King 's family stood beside the towering 30-foot statue of him as crowds sang "  Happy Birthday " at a ceremony Sunday . "  We 're celebrating the best of what we are , but also what we must become , knowing that we 've not arrived there yet , " Martin Luther King III said . The civil rights leader 's son said his father would have turned 83 Sunday , if he had survived the 1968 shooting that killed him . On his last birthday , in January 1968 , Martin Luther King Jr. was planning a "  poor people 's campaign " to bring together Americans from all walks of life to demand "  decent jobs with decent pay , " his son said . "  He did not live to see that come to fruition , and so , 44 years later , we 're still challenging our nation , particularly in light of the fact that there 's so much poverty rampant in this nation , " Martin Luther King III said . Among the many visitors at the memorial was Bill Janocha , from Stamford , Connecticut , who had traveled to Washington with a Boy Scout troop . "  He brought beautiful things to our country , " he said about the elder King . "  He ... was a monument ... so all the tributes that we can give him are certainly just . " The Martin Luther King Jr. memorial in Washington opened to the public last year . Sunday 's ceremony came several days after officials confirmed that a controversial quote on one side of the monument would be corrected . The line currently reads : "  I was a drum major for justice , peace and righteousness . " The quote , which holds a prominent place among more than a dozen King 's most notable lines at the site , sparked controversy last summer when poet Maya Angelou said it made the civil rights leader appear arrogant . King 's original words , from a 1968 sermon at Ebenezer Baptist Church in Atlanta , were : "  If you want to say that I was a drum major , say that I was a drum major for justice . Say that I was a drum major for peace . I was a drum major for righteousness . And all of the other shallow things will not matter . " Photos : Remembering MLK at his home church Angelou said that leaving out the "  if " changes the meaning . Interior Secretary Ken Salazar has given the National Park Service 30 days to consult with the Martin Luther King Jr. . National Memorial Project Foundation , members of the King family and others to decide on a more accurate version of the quote , an official at the Interior Department said last week . King 's son said Sunday that he supported the move , because future generations may not know the context of the quote . "  The context is what I think people have questioned , and understanding and knowing who my father was , it could be confusing . For us today , no , but for generations yet unborn , they may not understand , " he said . "  But I 'm sure that when this is done , that everyone who comes will understand who and what Martin Luther King Jr. meant in terms of what he said about himself . "	"  He ... was a monument , " a visitor says about the civil rights leader The ceremony a day before Martin Luther King Jr. day marks the leader 's birthday Members of King 's family stand beside the towering 30-foot statue The ceremony comes after officials say a quote on the memorial will be changed
CNN  -- At the end of July , the Senate intelligence committee marked up legislation drafted in response to recent high-profile leaks of classified information . The committee 's chairwoman , Dianne Feinstein , claims that the bill will address the "  culture of leaks " in Washington . But the leaks are a symptom of the intelligence community 's culture of secrecy -- and the bill would make that problem worse in a host of ways . Any insider will tell you that the government classifies far too much information . Top military and national security officials estimate that between 50 % and 90 % of classified documents could safely be released . That adds up to a massive amount of unnecessary secrecy when one considers there were 92 million decisions to classify information in 2011 alone . The WikiLeaks disclosures featured some vivid examples , such as a cable from an American diplomat who classified his description of a typical wedding in the province of Dagestan . The impetus for the current Senate bill -- a series of leaks of classified information that may have been implicitly or explicitly "  authorized " by top administration officials -- illustrates the problem . High-level intelligence officials are not enemies of the state . If they are approving the disclosure of classified information , it 's a pretty safe bet the material did n't require classifying in the first place . News : Senate moves to crack down on national security leaks Take the fact that President Obama is personally involved in identifying the targets of drone strikes , as reported by The New York Times , one of the disclosures that prompted congressional action . It is virtually impossible to fantasize a scenario in which this information could be used to harm the United States . Overclassification contributes directly to leaks that threaten national security . As Supreme Court Justice Potter Stewart commented in 1971 , "  when everything is classified , then nothing is classified , and the system becomes one to be disregarded by the cynical or the careless , and to be manipulated by those intent on self-protection or self-promotion . " Put simply , officials who routinely see innocuous documents stamped "  Secret " lose respect for the system , and that puts all secrets , the real ones as well as the purely nominal ones , at risk . Excessive classification also means that even low-level or nonsensitive government positions often require clearances . One in every 50 American adults now has access to classified information , not a winning formula for keeping secrets . The Senate bill , however , does nothing serious to address the problem of overclassification . Indeed , it perpetuates the fiction that all classified information poses a dire threat . The bill strips intelligence community employees of their pensions if the Director of National Intelligence decides they leaked classified information , even if the information reveals only that Dagestani weddings last three days . It revokes the clearances of officials who disclose the existence of classified covert operations -- even if the operations , like the raid on Osama bin Laden 's compound , are in the past and could not possibly be jeopardized by disclosure . Worse , the Senate bill extends the shroud of secrecy to encompass even unclassified information . Intelligence officials already must submit any publications that discuss their work to their agencies for pre-publication review and approval ; under the bill , they must submit "  anticipated oral remarks " as well . On its face , the provision could require pre-publication review for dinner party conversations . The bill also bars current and recent intelligence officials from contracting with the media to provide commentary on any intelligence or national security matters . No member of the intelligence community , for instance , could provide paid commentary on the war in Afghanistan . Opinion : Obama leak ` scandal ' is wildly overblown Most alarming of all , the bill prohibits any intelligence official other than the agency 's director , deputy director or designated public affairs officer from providing off-the-record information "  regarding intelligence activities " -- classified or unclassified -- to the media . If successful , this provision would ensure that the public hears only the party line on all matters relating to intelligence policy . It also would effectively prohibit whistleblowing . Intelligence officials could raise concerns through approved government channels , but if that failed would have no meaningful way to bring evidence of government fraud , waste , abuse , or illegality to the public 's attention . How to deal with disclosures of classified information about government misconduct is a tricky question . How to deal with disclosures of unclassified information about government misconduct should be a no-brainer . Such disclosures should be welcomed and encouraged . The law already falls short in this regard : the Whistleblower Protection Act protects other government employees against retaliation for whistle-blowing , but excludes members of the intelligence community . The Senate bill would turn this lack of protection into a virtual prohibition . Unauthorized leaks of properly classified information are a real problem . Grandstanding about authorized leaks of improperly classified information will not solve this problem , nor will cracking down on disclosures of unclassified information . If Congress wants to get serious about leaks , it will take steps to shrink the universe of secret government information , not expand it to encompass yet more information the public has every right to know . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Elizabeth Goitein .	Elizabeth Goitein : Leaks are a symptom of the intelligence community 's culture of secrecy Between 50 % and 90 % of classified documents could safely be released , says Goitein One in every 50 American adults now has access to classified information , she says Goitein : Senate bill would effectively prohibit whistle-blowing for intelligence officials
CNN  -- Dilma Rousseff 's re-election as president of Brazil on Sunday may have surprised many . After all , it was only a little over a year ago that social protests swept parts of the country as demonstrators complained that her government had failed to provide quality transportation , education and health care services . Economic growth , meanwhile , also slowed , from an annual GDP growth rate of 7.5 % in 2010 to 2.5 % in 2013 . As a result , Rousseff 's approval rating tumbled from a high of 65 % in March 2013 to 30 % later that year  although it had climbed back up over 44 % in recent months  . Yet she still pulled off a narrow victory in Sunday 's runoff vote . Why ? In part , her re-election suggests that most voters -- especially the poor -- were more concerned with her Workers ' Party 's impressive track record at reducing poverty . But Rousseff 's re-election also underscored the poor 's fears of selecting a fiscally conservative presidential candidate , Aécio Neves , who represented the Brazilian Social Democratic Party , which had done little to improve their lot during the 1990s . This matters in a country in which nearly half the population earns less than the minimum wage , and where the poverty rate runs unusually high for a middle-income country . Still , although poverty rates in Brazil remain high , there has been progress : Income inequality has fallen , while the percentage of Brazilians living on less than $ 2 a day dropped from 6.9 % in 2004 to 3.3 % in 2012 . This progress has come as the poor 's access to food has also burgeoned , dramatically reducing hunger across the country . Many attribute all this to Rousseff 's successful anti-poverty programs , such as the Bolsa Familia  Family Grant  program . Created in 2003 , Bolsa Familia is a cash transfer program that provides monthly stipends of 70 reais to approximately 13.8 million families . To receive this money , families must enroll their children in school and prove they are receiving medical vaccinations . But the Bolsa Familia program also provided a notable political advantage . The program was created by Rousseff 's political party , the PT , the brainchild of her presidential predecessor and mentor , Luiz Ignacio "  Lula " da Silva , and quickly generated credibility and support among the poor . Because of Rousseff 's other anti-poverty programs , such as Zero Fome  Zero Hunger  , which expanded food benefits to the poor , and the Brasil Sem Miséria  Brazil without Destitution  program , the PT gained a reputation for meeting the poor 's needs . In contrast , Rousseff 's opponent , Neves , represented a party whose previous president , Fernando H. Cardoso  1994-2002  , was focused mainly on stabilizing the economy through tighter fiscal policy and privatization . Of course , the Cardoso administration was credited with improving education through federal programs increasing salaries for teachers , as well as impressive public health programs , such as the national AIDS program . But poverty alleviation and social welfare did not appear to be a priority for his government , and more voters appear to have felt that Brazil is in a better position today than it was 10 years ago . The question now is what Rousseff will do to consolidate her position . Looking ahead , she seems committed to using future oil revenues obtained through Petrobras , the largest oil company in Brazil , to provide additional funding for education and health . For example , about half the fund 's reserves will go toward primary and secondary education , such as better school infrastructure , technology , teacher salaries and college scholarships . In addition , the fund will be used to increase health care spending , with an eye on improving the quantity and quality of public hospitals and personnel . All this suggests that Rousseff appears to have learned that to be re-elected in Brazil , investing in the poor and helping them escape poverty can be more politically advantageous than simply trying to build the country into an economic giant .	Dilma Rousseff was re-elected president of Brazil on Sunday Anti-poverty programs seen as one reason for her success , writes Eduardo J. Gomez Rousseff likely to use future oil revenues to fund education , he says
You probably think your tweets are n't of any interest to the government . After all , most 140-character posts are public , often detailing nothing more interesting than snarky jokes or links to adorable cat videos on YouTube . However , courts are increasingly subpoenaing Twitter for data on its users that can be used in criminal and civil cases . That 's what happened to editor Malcolm Harris . On Monday , New York Criminal Court Judge Matthew A. Sciarrino ordered Twitter to turn over Harris ' tweets and data from a three-and-a-half-month period , striking down the company 's request to quash a subpoena from the Manhattan district attorney . Twitter claimed that complying with the request would violate United States privacy laws . The case itself is over a minor charge that normally would n't draw much attention . Brooklyn resident Harris was arrested along with 700 other people during an Occupy Wall Street march on the Brooklyn Bridge 's roadway on October 1 , 2011 , and charged with disorderly conduct . If Twitter complies with the request , prosecutors would n't just gain access to Harris ' tweets  which were public but have since been deleted  , they would get a host of other information stored by Twitter that could be used as evidence in the case , such as Harris ' IP address , e-mail address and location information at the time of the incident . Monday 's decision could have far-reaching implications for the many other requests for tweets and other data Twitter receives on a regular basis , as well as users ' rights to challenge such requests themselves . "  We are disappointed in the judge 's decision and are considering our options , " a Twitter representative said in a statement released to news organizations . "  Twitter 's Terms of Service have long made it absolutely clear that its users * own * their content . We continue to have a steadfast commitment to our users and their rights . " The ruling also dismayed online privacy advocates . "  The court continued to fail to grapple with one of the key issues underlying this case : do individuals give up their ability to go to court to try to protect their free speech and privacy rights when they use the Internet ? As we explained in our friend-of-the-court brief last month , the answer has to be no , " Aden Fine , a staff attorney for the American Civil Liberties Union , wrote in a blog post . Fine later added : "  The government should n't be able to get this sensitive and constitutionally protected information without a warrant and without first satisfying First Amendment scrutiny . " In his ruling , Sciarrino speculated that the founding fathers would have quite enjoyed expressing themselves on today 's social networks . But while freedom of speech applies to Twitter , "  that is not the same as arguing that those public tweets are protected . " "  There can be no reasonable expectation of privacy in a tweet sent around the world , " wrote the judge , who went on to compare information posted on a public network to an eyewitness 's account of a crime on the street . In a smart bit of timing , Twitter on Monday released its first Twitter Transparency Report , detailing requests from governments around the world to get user information or suppress tweets during the first half of 2012 . There have been 849 requests for information so far this year  for 1,181 individual Twitter accounts  -- more than during all of 2011 , the report said . The United States leads the charge , with 679 requests for information , and Twitter says it provided at least some of the requested data 75 % of the time . Japan comes in second place with 98 information requests , and the UK and Canada tied for third with 11 requests each . Twitter is still banned in a number of countries , including China , Iran and Pakistan . When Twitter receives one of these requests , it automatically informs the user before taking any steps , unless prohibited by law , which is what it did with Harris . However , this is more of an admirable courtesy than a set-in-stone policy , since all users have already been informed that Twitter reserves the right to "  access , read , preserve , and disclose any information as we reasonably believe is necessary to  i  satisfy any applicable law , regulation , legal process or governmental request . " A key issue in the Harris case that could affect similar subpoenas is determining who really owns a tweet . Harris originally filed a motion to quash the DA 's subpoena himself , but Judge Sciarrino dismissed it in April because he said Harris did n't own the information being requested -- Twitter did . According to Twitter 's terms of service , the user gives Twitter a "  worldwide , nonexclusive , royalty-free license " to distribute tweets in any medium , even those that do n't exist yet . In May , Twitter added a line to its terms of service clarifying that users retain their rights to their content .	A New York judge rules that tweets are public information Judge orders Twitter to turn over deleted tweets of Occupy Wall Street protester Twitter also releases its "  Transparency Report " of governments ' requests for info The United States makes the most requests for user information , followed by Japan
WIRED  -- Microsoft Office has been a desktop computer staple for decades , and now it looks like it might finally migrate to modern touchscreen tablets . But does Microsoft 's mouse - and keyboard-dependent productivity software even belong on a tablet ? And if it does make the transition to touch , how will we actually use it ? Yesterday , a report by staff of The Daily claimed that Microsoft Office for iPad apps are definitely in the works , and could be released "  in the coming weeks . " The story included photos and descriptions of a purported hands-on demo . Microsoft representatives were quick to shoot back both on Twitter and in an official statement stating The Daily had its facts wrong and that its reporters had not , in fact , seen an actual Microsoft product on the tablet . Nonetheless , The Daily 's Peter Ha later insisted that a working version of the app was demoed to the digital publication by a Microsoft employee . It 's a he-said-she-said situation , but at least one key industry watcher feels Office for iPad makes sense . "  I can say that based on the products Microsoft currently has in the market , launching additional Office apps for Apple devices would be a logical extension of their existing strategy , " Forrester analyst Sarah Rotman Epps told Wired in an e-mail . Microsoft already has Mac and iOS products like Office for Mac , a note-taking app called OneNote , SkyDrive for cloud storage , and Lync , points out Rotman Epps . Rumors that Microsoft would be bringing Office to the iPad have been circulating for a while , particularly since The Daily reported in late November that the suite would arrive in early 2012 at a $ 10 price point . If what The Daily reported Tuesday is true , it 's possible that Microsoft Office for iPad could land concurrent to -- or even onstage with -- Apple 's first public iPad 3 demo , which is expected to be held the first week of March . It would certainly make for an interesting presentation , as Apple does n't actively evangelize its Microsoft synergy . Microsoft will be demoing its Windows 8 OS consumer preview on Feb. 29 so the timing of an early March Office for iPad unveiling would seem to work : Microsoft 's big platform-wide announcement would n't be upstaged by its smaller Apple announcement . So let 's assume Office is coming to the iPad . How precisely will you use it ? "  You 'll use it for content curation . And it 's very unlikely you 'll be using the iPad in native tablet touch mode , " Sachin Dev Duggal , CEO of Nivio , told Wired . Nivio is a cloud platform that lets you access your desktop and its files -- including Windows and Microsoft Office -- with a touch-controlled mouse pointer as input . "  In most cases , you 'll have it docked into a screen or a keyboard , " Dev Duggal said of the rumored Office app . However , a second use case -- passively browsing through documents -- definitely lends itself to the iPad 's simple touch-controlled data input . And do n't underestimate the value of full document support . By loading native Office docs directly into Office , you ensure files render with proper formatting , a talent not always manifest in competitors like Documents to Go Premium . In this case , "  The pure gesture-based control works great , " Dev Duggal said . "  It translates to a tablet experience . " OK , so Dev Duggal paints an interesting picture of how the app will be used , but , again , is there a desperate need for Office on the iPad ? Many of us have been getting by just fine without it . Well , according to Resolve Market Research , 18 % of those who decided not to purchase an iPad 2 did so strictly because it did n't come with Microsoft Office programs . That 's not a number to balk at . Dev Duggal thinks students and small businesses will be interested in Office for iPad . And there 's also another prime user group : people who do n't want to spend money on multiple devices . "  If they can cross-utilize devices to also do productivity , thats a huge cost savings , " Dev Duggal said . Elaine Coleman of Resolve Market Research concurs with Dev Duggal . "  Tablets are a critical dual-purpose device , " Coleman told Wired , adding that close to 70 % of personal tablet users also use their devices for business . Indeed , the iPad has a growing role in the world of enterprise computing , with a large percent of Fortune 500 companies adopting the tablet  this was a touch point in Apple CEO Tim Cook 's recent first-quarter earnings call  . So , no doubt , the addition of Microsoft Office to the enterprise mix would be welcome . But Microsoft has waited a long time to deliver this product -- perhaps too long . "  Every day that Microsoft does not have Office apps for iPad , they lose potential sales to competitors , " Rotman Epps said . Such competitors include : Apple 's own iWork office suite ; Quickoffice , an iPhone alternative for viewing , sharing and editing Microsoft Office documents ; and SlideShark , an iPad-based PowerPoint platform . Rotman Epps pointed out that these and a host of other productivity apps are all top performers in Apple 's App Store . Indeed , Apple 's Pages , Keynote and Numbers  in other words , the iWork suite  make up three of the top five spots in the Top Charts for paid Productivity apps in the App Store . And with OS X Mountain Lion 's heavy iCloud integration , using Apple 's iWork suite will make even more sense for users who own multiple Apple products . Whether people who already use Office alternatives would switch to Microsoft-brand products is "  hard to say for sure , " says Coleman . "  I think in the enterprise many still believe ` Office is King ' and will come back . " Regardless , if Microsoft Office for iPad did make its debut onstage for the iPad 3 in a few weeks , it would be the first time the two tech giants teamed up at an Apple event in 15 years . Considering what happened last time , it would be a landmark occasion . For both companies . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Microsoft Office for iPad is rumored to be coming as early as March Research shows 18 % of shoppers did n't buy iPad 2 because it does n't have Microsoft Office CEO of Nivio Dev Duggal says Office for iPad will appeal to students and businesses
BERLIN , Germany  CNN  -- U.S. presidential contender Barack Obama used a speech Thursday in Berlin -- the German city that once symbolized Cold War division -- to warn about the dangers of allowing new walls to come between the United States and its allies . Barack Obama presses the flesh in Germany after his speech in Berlin 's Tiergarten Park . Obama highlighted what he sees as common transatlantic goals while also accepting the differences of the Bush years . He is on the latest leg of an international trip intended to bolster his foreign policy credentials at home and set out his vision for a new era of transatlantic cooperation . In an echo of former President Ronald Reagan 's speech when he demanded the Berlin Wall be pulled down , Obama said : "  The walls between the countries with the most and those with the least can not stand . The walls between races and tribes ; natives and immigrants ; Christian and Muslim and Jew can not stand . These now are the walls we must tear down . " Obama introduced himself to the Berlin crowd as a proud U.S. citizen and a "  fellow citizen of the world . " He said : "  This city , of all cities , knows the dream of freedom . And you know that the only reason we stand here tonight is because men and women from both of our nations came together to work , and struggle , and sacrifice for that better life . " Watch Obama in Germany " He touched on issues that have generally divided Europe and the U.S. such as climate change as well as comparing Berlin 's Cold War struggle with today 's international challenges like fighting terrorism . "  People of the world - look at Berlin , where a wall came down , a continent came together , and history proved that there is no challenge too great for a world that stands as one , " he said . Obama said : "  While the 20th century taught us that we share a common destiny , the 21st has revealed a world more intertwined than at any time in human history . " He said the fall of the Berlin Wall offered hope as the world faces up to international challenges such as terrorism , climate change and loose nukes "  In this new world , such dangerous currents have swept along faster than our efforts to contain them . That is why we can not afford to be divided , " Obama said . He also addressed differences between the U.S. and Europe but added : "  In Europe , the view that America is part of what has gone wrong in our world , rather than a force to help make it right , has become all too common . "  In America , there are voices that deride and deny the importance of Europe 's role in our security and our future . Both views miss the truth ... "  In this new century , Americans and Europeans alike will be required to do more - not less . Partnership and cooperation among nations is not a choice ; it is the one way , the only way , to protect our common security and advance our common humanity . " Turning to global warming , Obama said : "  This is the moment when we must come together to save this planet . "  Let us resolve that we will not leave our children a world where the oceans rise and famine spreads and terrible storms devastate our lands . Let us resolve that all nations - including my own - will act with the same seriousness of purpose as has your nation , and reduce the carbon we send into our atmosphere . " CNN 's Christiane Amanpour said despite the pro-Obama crowd who gathered at the Victory Column in Berlin 's Tiergarten Park hours before the speech , many had serious questions about his policies . Tucker Bounds , a spokesman for Obama 's Republican rival John McCain , said : "  John McCain has dedicated his life to serving , improving and protecting America . Barack Obama spent an afternoon talking about it . " Obama earlier played down suggestions he was delivering a campaign speech but conceded that his performance was intended as much for an American audience as for the gathering German crowds . He had originally hoped to speak in front of the iconic Brandenburg Gate , where U.S. President John F. Kennedy was photographed during a visit in 1963 shortly after the Berlin Wall had been built . Expressing solidarity with the people of the divided city during the same trip , Kennedy declared "  Ich bin ein Berliner . " The gate was also the site of a speech by U.S. President Ronald Reagan in 1987 in which he memorably urged Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev to "  tear down " the wall . But use of the landmark was apparently vetoed by German Chancellor Angela Merkel , who a spokesman Wednesday said disapproved of plans to co-opt it as a "  campaign backdrop . " CNN European Political Editor Robin Oakley said Obama enjoyed widespread popularity in Europe , partly because of his optimism and partly because he is not President George W. Bush . Watch how Europe compares the two candidates " But Oakley said Obama needed to prove to Americans that he could defend U.S. interests abroad . Republican rival John McCain 's campaign team has frequently criticized Obama as being inexperienced on foreign policy and a recent poll suggested just 48 percent of Americans thought he would make a good commander in chief , compared to 72 percent for McCain . Germany 's ties with the Bush administration have warmed since a fallout over the Iraq war , which Germany opposed . Germany and the U.S. have also disagreed over NATO member Germany 's refusal to send troops into combat zones in southern Afghanistan . Oakley said European leaders would be seeking confirmation that Obama , if elected , would be a "  listening president . " In addition to Merkel , Obama is slated to meet with British Prime Minister Gordon Brown and opposition leader David Cameron as well as French President Nicolas Sarkozy . Obama 's arrival in Europe follows earlier stopovers in Afghanistan , Iraq , Jordan , Kuwait , Israel and the Palestinian territories . He says he is making the trip as a U.S. senator rather than a presidential contender .	U.S. presidential candidate Barack Obama gives speech in Germany Obama : Berlin 's history offers hope for the future Obama : Remove walls between religions , races , and the rich and poor Trip is intended to shore up Obama 's foreign policy credentials
PARIS , France  CNN  -- Opposition lawmakers Tuesday ridiculed President Nicolas Sarkozy for taking France back into NATO 's military command after more than 40 years , but were unable to stop the move when it came to a vote . French troops on patrol with the Afghan army as part of the NATO mission in Afghanistan . The National Assembly voted in favor of Sarkozy 's plan , 329-238 . Socialist Laurent Fabius , a former prime minister , told Prime Minister Francois Fillon : "  You tell us this would mean more independence and more influence . It would probably mean less independence and less influence . " The move did not technically require parliamentary approval , but the president 's party scheduled the debate to give opponents a chance to voice their opinions -- and to show a majority backed it . Asking the National Assembly to vote on the issue also showed how sensitive the matter is in France . France was a founding member of the NATO alliance in 1949 but it left the military structure in 1966 amid friction with the United States . "  To cooperate is to lose your independence , " French President Charles de Gaulle said at the time . For the next 43 years , even though France selectively participated in NATO military operations , de Gaulle 's principle remained the governing cornerstone of French foreign policy . If Paris took orders from NATO military commanders , it was reasoned , the nation would no longer have complete control of its destiny . Sarkozy , however , believes the opposite -- that cooperation in NATO is a guarantee of French independence . Rejoining NATO 's military command , he argued , will give France a seat at the table for decision-making . From its earliest years , the organization 's trans-Atlantic ties were strained because U.S. analysts warned that if the European allies failed to increase their contributions to the alliance , they risked losing the support of the United States , according to NATO . Meanwhile , the European nations felt the United States was trying to dominate the organization , according to NATO . De Gaulle 's 1966 decision meant no French forces could be under permanent allied command and that France would have no participation in defense planning . In 1995 , France rejoined NATO 's military committee , which advises NATO 's political authorities on military policy and strategy and provides guidance on military matters to NATO 's strategic commanders . While France was still not a part of the military command , it contributed troops and funding to NATO activities , including actions in Kosovo and Afghanistan . Half of all French troops outside the country are assigned to NATO military operations . Opponents of Sarkozy 's move -- who include some members of his party -- believe de Gaulle , not Sarkozy , had it right . They started a last-minute petition drive to stop his march back into NATO . "  With this decision , France will return as a subordinate country and will lose its ability to represent another image in the world , " said Nicolas Dupont-Aignan , a member of the French National Assembly . The president 's allies calculate Sarkozy 's move will strengthen Europe 's hand on defense issues . "  There will be more European weight in the way decisions will be made , " said Louis Giscard d'Estaing , a member of the National Assembly 's U.S. Friendship Committee . "  Therefore , the balance of power between the USA and Europe will be re-established within this French move . " CNN 's Sunaina Karkarey and Jim Bittermann contributed to this report	French National Assembly backs president 's plan to rejoin NATO President Nicolas Sarkozy 's plan is politically sensitive France was a founding member of NATO but left in 1966 President Charles de Gaulle said in 1966 membership meant losing independence
CNN  -- A teen beauty queen in Utah and three others were arrested Saturday morning for allegedly making and throwing bombs that an explosives investigator says could have killed someone . Kendra Gill , Bryce Stone , Shanna Smith and John Reagh -- all 18 -- admitted to buying the materials for the explosives , making the devices and throwing them from a vehicle , according to a Salt Lake County Sheriff 's Office probable cause statement that CNN obtained . Gill was crowned Miss Riverton in June , and was set to compete for the Miss Utah title , CNN affiliate KUTV reported . Investigators began getting calls late Friday night from Riverton residents who heard "  loud pops , " said Capt. Clint Mecham of the Unified Fire Authority which is investigating the case . "  The adults who were arrested were driving around in a car throwing these devices at property and people , " Mecham said . Authorities found plastic bottles that contained household cleaning chemicals and aluminum foil strewn in streets around the community , he said . "  Not only do you have to worry about shrapnel , these type of devices have chemicals " that can cause burns , Mecham said . "  This is not your average kid blowing up a mailbox , " he said . "  These devices , they have the power to create a fair amount of damage . They can maim or kill a person . " The teenagers allegedly throwing the devices could have been badly hurt , too , he said . "  They could have lost their lives , fingers , hands , " Mecham said . "  It 's not a very smart thing to do all around . " Authorities interviewed witnesses in two parts of town who described seeing a similar dark-colored vehicle whose occupants were throwing explosive devices , according to a probable cause statement . One of the witnesses identified Stone as the driver and gave investigators his address . Authorities went there and questioned Stone , who allegedly implicated the three other teens , saying they had been "  pranking " with fireworks with friends , the probable cause document says . Stone allowed authorities to search his car , where remnants of water bottles with labels and sizes matching debris at the bombing scenes were recovered , according to the document . A roll of aluminum foil , toilet bowl cleaner and several water bottles containing multiple pieces of rolled-up aluminum foil were also found , the document says . Gill , Stone , Smith and Reagh were taken into custody for questioning , and they admitted to buying , making and throwing the explosives , according to the document . The teens were booked into the Salt Lake County Jail on 10 counts each of setting off an incendiary device , Mecham said . All the teens bonded out Sunday night for $ 50,000 each , said Cammie Scogg , a Salt Lake County sheriff 's spokeswoman . Salt Lake County District Attorney Sam Gill told CNN on Monday that his office is waiting for a full report from authorities to decide on whether to file charges .	Kendra Gill and 3 other 18-year-olds accused of making , throwing explosive devices Devices had potential to maim or kill , Fire Authority captain says One teen told investigators that they were "  pranking , " probable cause document says
Washington  CNN  -- Air travelers are n't likely to notice visible security changes as a result of a terrorism threat alert issued Friday by the State Department . The extraordinary global travel alert advised that al Qaeda may launch attacks in the Middle East , North Africa and beyond in coming weeks , and the U.S. government prepared to close 21 embassies and consulates from Algeria to Bangladesh on Sunday as a precaution . Three sources told CNN that the United States has information that Yemen-based al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula was in the final stages of planning for an unspecified attack . "  U.S. citizens are reminded of the potential for terrorists to attack public transportation systems and other tourist infrastructure . Terrorists have targeted and attacked subway and rail systems , as well as aviation and maritime services , " the State Department 's alert said . Airlines said they have n't changed operations as a result of the alert . The alert is focused on U.S. citizens traveling abroad , and the State Department suggested that travelers register with its Smart Traveler Enrollment Program , also known as STEP , which allows them to receive updated security information . Airlines for America  A4A  , the airline industry trade group , said is monitoring the situation and suggested that passengers could also sign up for travel notifications from their airlines Delta Air Lines , which has one daily roundtrip flight between JFK Airport and Tel Aviv and one between Atlanta and Dubai , said it is operated with "  Business as usual , for now . " United Airlines , which flies to North Africa and the Middle East , says there have been no flight schedule changes as the result of the warning . It says it is monitoring the situation and keeping in regular contact with the Transportation Security Administration and State Department . It is n't offering waivers for travelers wanting to change their flight , but that policy could change as the airline receives additional information . American Airlines said it has no flights to Africa or the Middle East , "  therefore we have nothing to waive . "	Airlines say they have n't changed operations as a result of the alert Delta Air Lines : "  Business as usual , for now " United Airlines : No flight schedule changes American Airlines : No flights to Africa , Middle East , "  therefore we have nothing to waive "
CNN  -- You were more likely to be struck by lightning or attacked by a shark -- maybe even at the same time -- than win Wednesday night 's Powerball drawing . But then again , you 're not Mystery Ticket Holder in Lexington , South Carolina . Millions played , hoping against hope , defying the odds , dreaming the dream of winning the $ 399.4 million jackpot . But there was only one winning ticket that hit the jackpot . Powerball trio strikes it rich with $ 448 million jackpot One that spit in the face of the formidable 1-in-175 ,223,510 odds . One that drew the winning numbers : 7 , 10 , 22 , 32 , 35 and Powerball 19 . And it belongs to Mystery Ticket Holder in Lexington , South Carolina . No one has yet come forward to claim the prize , said the director of the South Carolina Lottery , Paula Harper Bethea , on Thursday morning . We may never know the name or names of the winners . South Carolina lottery rules lets winners remain anonymous if they want . Powerball jackpot winners in New Jersey claim prize Bethea said the ticket was sold Wednesday afternoon at a Murphy gas station in that 5.8-square-mile town of 17,800 . The station will receive a cool $ 50,000 for selling the ticket . The winner or winners must claim the prize within 180 days , Bethea said . Bethea told reporters outside the station Thursday that she encourages the winner or winners to sign the back of the ticket , put it in a secure location and seek counsel from an accountant , lawyer or financial planner . "  This is a life-changing event . There are a lot of zeroes that this person or these persons are going to get , " she said . Wednesday 's haul was the fourth largest lottery price in U.S. history . The biggest payload in American history was $ 665 million in the Mega Millions game in March 2012 . The greatest Powerball jackpot was the $ 590.5 million won with a single ticket in Florida this past May . But $ 400 million , with a cash value of $ 223 million , is still pretty sweet . Someone 's calling in sick this morning . That , you can bet on . Why you keep playing the lottery	NEW : Winner has yet to come forward , lottery official says Thursday morning The winning ticket was purchased in Lexington , South Carolina The odds of winning were 1 in 175,22,510 The winning numbers : 7 , 10 , 22 , 32 , 35 and Powerball 19
CNN  -- A month after carrying out one of the largest anti-piracy crackdowns ever , federal authorities have added charges and broadened their case against the defendants . The 90-page superseding indictment , which was returned Thursday in the Eastern District of Virginia , adds counts of criminal copyright infringement , conspiracy to commit money laundering and wire fraud against Megaupload.com and Megavideo.com . The websites were shut and several of their alleged leaders were arrested in January . The defendants allegedly reproduced copyrighted works from third-party websites , including from YouTube.com , so that they could be copied and distributed via Megavideo.com and to give the false impression that the website hosted content that was primarily generated by users and was not copyright-infringing content , the indictment says . "  In contrast to legitimate Internet distributors of copyrighted content , Megaupload.com does not make any significant payments to the copyright owners of the many thousands of works that are willfully reproduced and distributed on he Mega Sites each and every day , " the government says . In addition , the document says that the defendants ' claim of more than 180 million registered users is not supported by their own records , which show only 66.6 million registered users as of January 19 . Those records also show that just 5.86 million of these users ever uploaded a file to Megaupload.com or Megavideo.com , meaning that more than 90 % of the sites ' registered users used the systems solely to download , it says . Among those indicted is Kim Dotcom , the founder of Megaupload . His lawyer said after the initial indictment that his client is innocent , a law-abiding entrepreneur committed to raising his young family in New Zealand . Dotcom is a resident of New Zealand , where he employs more than 50 staff , and Hong Kong , where he has a suite at the Grand Hyatt Hotel . The superseding indictment cited the case of one alleged infringer referred identified only as "  VV . " Over six years , VV had uploaded nearly 17,000 files to Megavideo.com , which resulted in more than 334 million views , it said . Though VV had been the subject of numerous takedown e-mails , none of those files had been deleted , it said . The government also added property , bank accounts , jet skis , jewelry and watches to the list of assets subject to forfeiture , and estimated the value at at least $ 175 million . The defendants were first charged in a five-count indictment returned on Jan. 5 and unsealed on Jan. 19 . The counts were : conspiracy to commit racketeering , conspiracy to commit copyright infringement , conspiracy to commit money laundering , and two counts of copyright infringement . Five of the seven individuals indicted have been arrested , and at least $ 50 million in assets have been "  restrained , " the Department of Justice said in a news release . Last month , Megaupload 's fans turned the table on the feds . "  Hacktivist " collective Anonymous said it set its sights on the U.S. Department of Justice and apparently knocked the agency 's website offline . The DOJ website glitches came soon after various Twitter accounts associated with Anonymous took aim at the agency . Anonymous 's favorite weapon for these attacks is a "  distributed denial of service "  DDoS  attack , which directs traffic to a website and overwhelms its servers , causing it to crash . The practice involves neither hacking nor any breach of security . It was Anonymous ' largest attack ever , according to an Anonymous representative , with 5,635 people using a networking tool called a "  low orbit ion cannon . " A LOIC is software tool that aims a flood of traffic at a targeted site . Authorities said the "  Mega Conspiracy " organization had generated more than $ 175 million in illegal profits through advertising revenue and the sale of premium memberships . According to the indictment , Megaupload , which launched in 2005 , was once the 13th most-visited website on the Internet , serving as a hub for distribution of copyrighted television shows , images , computer software and video games . The site 's popular MegaVideo subsidiary was widely known in tech circles for its broad selection of pirated content , including movies and episodes of hit TV shows . To shut Megaupload , federal authorities executed 20 search warrants in eight countries , seizing 18 domain names and $ 50 million worth of assets , including servers located in Virginia , Washington , the Netherlands and Canada . The individuals indicted are citizens of New Zealand , Germany , Slovakia and the Netherlands . No U.S. citizens were named . However , Megaupload has servers in Ashburn , Virginia , and Washington , which prompted the Virginia-based investigation .	New counts include copyright infringement , conspiracy to commit money laundering Megaupload and related sites were shut last month Several of the sites ' alleged leaders were arrested
CNN  -- Horror-meister , Stephen King calls George Pelecanos "  perhaps the greatest living American crime writer . " His stories are set in Pelecanos ' hometown of Washington , D.C. , but this is not the side of the U.S. capitol that you see portrayed on TV with white marble monuments , lawyers and lobbyists . Pelecanos is more interested in working families struggling to get by , the racial tensions in its ethnic neighborhoods and the low-lifes on the edges . His crime-writing peers call Pelecanos the "  undisputed poet " of Washington 's gritty side . The best-selling and award-winning author is out this week with his 17th and latest novel , "  The Cut . " It 's the first in a new series featuring Iraq war veteran and private investigator Spero Lucas . When he 's not working for a Washington defense attorney , Lucas recovers stolen property for a 40 % cut . Now , a high-profile crime boss hires Lucas to find out who 's been stealing from him , and it could turn out to be Lucas ' biggest payday or an untimely end . While Pelecanos made his bones in the noir tradition , there 's a definite "  Western " feel to "  The Cut . " The new novel takes place in a morally gray and often violent world . It 's peppered with pitch-perfect dialogue and captures the sights , sounds and taste of Washington in rich detail . In short , Pelecanos reads like the real deal . Pelecanos knows a thing or two about capturing the authenticity of urban America with an ethnically and socially diverse cast . In addition to his success as a novelist , Pelecanos is a producer and writer for HBO 's New Orleans-set , "  Treme . " He was previously a producer and Emmy-nominated writer on the hit series "  The Wire " and the miniseries "  The Pacific . " Read an excerpt from "  The Cut " CNN recently spoke to Pelecanos about his new novel . The following is an edited transcript . CNN : Tell me more about your new character , Spero Lucas . Is he meant to be representative of the current generation of young American veterans ? Pelecanos : I had met many wounded veterans at Walter Reed Army Medical Center when I was researching my 2009 novel "  The Turnaround , " and I continue to be very interested in how returning servicemen and women deal with their new lives back home , and how they 're treated by America . At the same time , I noticed that there were an unusual amount of Marines with combat experience who had taken jobs as investigators for attorneys here in D.C. . Then one day , I had a chance encounter and enlightening conversation with a vet who had lost a leg in Iraq . All of these things were knocking on the door of my imagination , telling me to write a novel . CNN : Spero , like a lot of your characters , is not a conventional "  good guy . " He does some bad things to some bad people in "  The Cut , " and you allude to some dark events from his past . Pelecanos : My father was a Marine who fought in the Pacific in WW II . He was a very tough guy , but after the war , he lived his life in a quiet and reserved manner , because he had nothing to prove . I know now that he internalized his war experience . I imagined Spero Lucas to be the same way . In the next Lucas book , more will be revealed . CNN : "  The Cut " reveals , as do all of your books , a side of Washington , D.C. , we do n't often see portrayed . What is it you see in D.C. that others miss ? Pelecanos : I 've just been very interested in the living side of Washington , rather than the federal side , since I was a kid . I basically go out there and get engaged . Some of my books are heavily researched in terms of archival work , but this one was all street-level , shoe-leather stuff . I am on my bike daily , and most of the locations , warehouses and specific residences from "  The Cut " were found while I was riding . On those rides , I took photos and videos from my iPhone . D.C. 's an alley town , so it 's particularly conducive to bike reconnaissance . Lucas likes to walk at night ; in one scene , this leads to a violent confrontation in an elevated church parking lot on Georgia Avenue , just behind Fort Stevens Park . I walked that route myself one summer night . The kayak scenes were written after I paddled the waters of the upper Potomac . When walking or biking was n't practical , I drove my Jeep . If I wanted to go fast , I took my Mustang . CNN : You describe the streets , neighborhoods and shops of Washington in near map-like detail . I 'm pretty sure if I got lost , I could pull out one of your books to find my way back . Pelecanos : I hope so . I 'm leaving a record . CNN : Your books always include great descriptions of food and music . I can almost taste the meals the characters eat , hear the music on the jukebox . Is this as fun to research and write as it is to read ? Pelecanos : Absolutely . I usually buy a bunch of music that fits the book and its characters before I start writing , and give myself an education . I can tell you that the restaurant scenes were heavily "  researched . " When David Simon and Eric Overmyer asked me to participate in their show , "  Treme , " I did n't have to think too hard on it . New Orleans , food , music ... I was there . Just because it 's work , does n't mean you ca n't have fun . CNN : You 're an award-winning writer and producer for "  The Wire " and now "  Treme . " How is working for TV different from writing novels ? Pelecanos : Collaboration versus solitude , of course . I actually like working with a bunch of creative people who come together to build something . After 10 years , the process still fascinates me . When you write for television , you have to come to terms with the fact that what you pen is not yours . Show runners , directors , actors , editors and costume designers are your co-writers , in a sense , and often they elevate what you do . By my first love is writing novels . The books are all mine . CNN : You write about some of your favorite books , movies and music on your website . Anything you 're reading , watching or listening to right now you 'd like to recommend ? Pelecanos : Last week , I watched three extraordinary genre movies from , respectively , Japan , South Korea and Hong Kong : "  13 Assassins , " also "  The Man from Nowhere " and "  Ip Man . " The last 45 minutes of "  13 Assassins , " directed by Takashi Miike , is one of the most stunning extended action sequences ever filmed . Recently , I re-read my John Steinbeck library and was reminded that "  The Red Pony " is one deep , dark book . Thurston Moore 's new one , "  Demolished Thoughts " is a beautiful , dreamlike record . D.C. has seen a reggae and funk resurgence of late . In that vein , I recommend See-I 's debut and the compilation "  The New Gold Standard 2 " by Fort Knox Five . CNN : What 's next ? Can readers look forward to Spero 's return ? Pelecanos : I 'll get started on a new Spero Lucas book soon . In the meantime , I recently finished a novel set in 1972 . More on that to come . Watch video of George Pelecanos reading from "  The Cut "	Author George Pelecanos returns with his new novel , "  The Cut " The first in a new series features Iraq war vet and private investigator Spero Lucas Pelecanos is also currently a producer and writer for HBO 's New Orleans-set "  Treme "
I pump the gas to the crest of the muddy hill , engine roaring . A sharp hairpin bend immediately requires a swift swing of the wheel , but the tires keep their grip and I bump my way down a steep incline of mud , rocks and tree roots . At the bottom I 'm greeted with a deep flooded section of track and as the vehicle plows through , a colossal splash of muddy water swamps the hood . Through the swampy greenery of reeds and ferns , I feel , for a moment , like a khaki-clad explorer of the Empire , navigating the jungles of British East India . In fact I 'm cruising in a brand new Land Rover Discovery , from London to Eastnor Castle in the Malvern Hills , on day two of Land Rover 's "  Best of British " tour , having kicked off in style with a night of world class luxury at the legendary Savoy Hotel . My mission is to become even more British than I already am , delving into my own culture with abandon , discovering the land and its history , in order that one day I might be able to order a "  Gee 'n' Tee , " play a game of croquet and use the word "  chap " in a dozen different ways without sounding like a charlatan . If my lunch stop is anything to go by , it wo n't be long before I 'm ordering that quintessential Brit drink from a butler too -- after a pass of Windsor Castle and the Chiltern Hills we pull up at the gilded gates of Blenheim Palace . 5 must-play golf courses in the Canadian Rockies Blenheim Palace "  Welcome to the birthplace of Winston Churchill and residence of the Duke and Duchess of Marlborough , " announces our host in a cut-glass accent . This 18th century Baroque masterpiece is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and despite a recent land-selling controversy , it remains a day trip destination that 'll tire the kids out nicely , with an adventure playground , maze and mini-train just some of the attractions besides the house tour and grounds . Quickly , we 're whisked off for our victuals in the Indian Room , its colonial furniture and tropical decor harking back to a time when Britain really did rule the waves . A retired army colonel gazes at the exotic milieu , "  Ah , could be Bombay 1895 , " he muses wistfully . The days of the Raj live on in this corner of England . Strolling around the gardens , I do a mental check of my kit list for the next few days . Green wellies -- yep . Barbour jacket -- yep . Trusty hound and a tweed deerstalker cap ? Er ... well , maybe that would be taking this whole aristocracy fantasy a bit far but it 's easy to get carried away on this trip . This is the England of Downton Abbey and Gosford Park -- an exclusive tour through our green and pleasant land , staying in historic palaces , ancient manor houses and chocolate box villages along the route . Traditional country pursuits are all part of the fun too , although nothing as contentious as fox hunting . And though I 'm doing this tour in that icon of British motoring , the Land Rover , it of course does n't take a 4WD vehicle to negotiate the tarmac roads of southern England . Which is why we are heading for Eastnor Castle , Land Rover 's training and testing ground since 1962 . The sumptuous castle will be our home for the next two days and when we 're not bouncing around on our antique four-poster beds or rubbing shoulders with suits of armor we 'll be out in the 5,000-acre estate , putting our off-road driving skills to the test on a private network of forest tracks , steep hills , deep water and of course , this being England , plenty of mud . Having "  done the practical , " later we 'll find out how this car favored by England 's land-owning elite is actually put together too . Driving and discovery The Barbour jacket and green wellies come into their own the following day as we stride out across the castle 's grounds , shotguns over our shoulders for our own version of the legendary hunting parties of the Victorian and Edwardian age when shooting skills were considered the mark of a man , alongside horsemanship and a stiff upper lip . While no feathered friends are bagged  just pigeons of the clay variety  , we do get to hang with some top birds -- falcons . "  Now , this is real hunting , " says the falconer with pride . "  People have been hunting with birds of prey in England for 1,200 years , since the Saxon times . " Never mind the history ; seeing these predators in action gives you a sense of the wild like few other things and its popularity is booming in the country . But we must n't dither , for after heading across country , stopping for a proper English cream tea and a night in the honey-stone village of Lower Slaughter  it really deserves a nicer name  we arrive in Gaydon , the home of Land Rover . This is where we get our petrol head on for the engineering tour of the plant plus a chance to drive some of the vintage vehicles , harking back to a time when men were men and Land Rovers were workhorses . We 'd already run these machines through their paces at Eastnor , careering through flooded fields and up and down muddy hillocks on the test track -- and now we got to see how all that engineering was put together . From what was simply a riveted steel utility vehicle to today 's air-conditioned dream machine with computerized terrain response , the Land Rover really has come a long way since the first Series 1 model rolled off the production line back in 1948 . Take it from me -- the men on the trip found it fascinating . Shaking it all off Of course , this being the Best of British tour means it can end only one way -- with Shakey . We 're off to Stratford-Upon-Avon to experience the genius of the Bard at the Royal Shakespeare Company with the added bonus of dinner on the theater 's rooftop restaurant and Champagne and petit-fours during the interval . And did I mention that we have the best seats in the house ? A final day in the luxurious surroundings of the William Cecil Hotel on the Burghley Estate sees some of the group attend the famous Burghley Horse Trials . But for me , the fantasy is over . The last six days have been an immersion in elegance , excellence and impeccable good taste -- and a unique window into the grandeur of Britain 's past . I hand over the keys to my Land Rover with a farewell pat , as I know it is unlikely we 'll ever be reacquainted , and make my way back to real life . Now . Where can one find a decent "  Gee 'n' Tee " ? The Land Rover ` Best of British ' tour runs from August 31 to September 8 . Limited availability . Prices from # 3,995.00  $ 6,463  per person . Burghley Horse Trials extension from # 1,695 . More details and bookings here : Abercrombie & Kent ; +44 845 482 0832	Eastnor Castle has been Land Rover 's training and testing ground since 1962 Visitors can try their hand at off-road driving through the forest tracks , steep hills , deep water and mud around Eastnor Castle The Best of Britain tour ends with a chance to attend the famous Burghley Horse Trials
Washington  CNN  -- Here is an unofficial list of potential nominees for the Supreme Court if Mitt Romney is elected president in November . This list was compiled from a number of sources , including those serving as informal advisers to the Romney campaign . The Republican nominee has not specified publicly on favorites for the court . Many names mentioned are relatively young judges named to the federal bench by President George W. Bush . Elections raises stakes for possible high court vacancies Paul Clement , former U.S. Solicitor General Born 1966 . Considered by many as one of the best lawyers of his generation . The Wisconsin native went to Harvard Law School where he was a classmate of President Barack Obama , and later clerked for Justice Antonin Scalia . He served as solicitor general under President George W. Bush and earned raves for his persuasive , conservational style at oral arguments . Now a private attorney , he has become the go-to guy among conservatives to lead appeals on a variety of hot-button issues : health care reform , same-sex marriage , immigration enforcement , and gun rights . He personally argued seven cases in the 2011 term , including the health care petitions . He has been strategically coy about his chances for the high court , saying he would be honored but remains focused on his law practice . Supreme Court possibilities if Obama is reelected Judge Brett Kavanaugh , U.S. Court of Appeals , D.C. Circuit Born 1965 . Began his job May 2006 in a court that has seen several of its former members make the jump to the Supreme Court . A former top official in the George W. Bush White House . His nomination to a federal appeals court for the D.C. circuit was held up for three years by Democrats . Senators Patrick Leahy and Richard Durbin later accused Kavanaugh of misleading the Judiciary Committee during his confirmation over whether he helped formulate policy on the detention and questioning of accused terrorists held overseas by the U.S. military . He is relatively young and considered one of the brightest conservative legal minds . He co-authored the Starr Report investigation of President Bill Clinton and clerked for Justice Anthony Kennedy and conservative appeals court Judge Alex Kozinski . Judge Diane Sykes , 7th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals , Milwaukee Born 1957 . A former private lawyer , county judge , and justice on the Wisconsin Supreme Court . Named to current post in 2004 . She is a Federalist Society member and her profile has been increasing among many conservatives . Being a woman and from the Midwest may be seen as pluses if Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg were to step down . Wrote a 2011 opinion affirming firing ranges were protected under the Second Amendment , tossing out enforcement of a city ban in Chicago . Toobin : Why are candidates silent on Supreme Court ? Sen. Mike Lee , Republican from Utah Born 1971 . The youngest U.S. senator . The rising GOP star may have the best credentials of any lawmaker to be a justice . Like Romney , he is a Mormon . Lee is a former appellate and constitutional lawyer in Utah and Washington , who twice clerked for Justice Samuel Alito , on both the federal appeals court and later the Supreme Court . His father , Rex , is a former U.S. solicitor general and founding dean at Brigham Young Law School . Lee faces re-election in 2016 , and may feel politically obliged to complete his first Senate term before considering a judicial seat . Judge Steven Colloton , 8th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals , works in Des Moines , Iowa Born 1963 . Appointed by George W. Bush and former law clerk to the late Chief Justice William Rehnquist . He is a former Justice Department lawyer , U.S. Attorney in Iowa , and lawyer in the Starr Independent Counsel investigation of President Bill Clinton . Judge Neil Gorsuch , 10th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals , Denver Born 1967 . Appointed by George W. Bush . Harvard law School graduate who clerked for Justices Byron White and Anthony Kennedy . He went into private practice in Washington before joining the Bush Justice Department . His mother , Anne Burford , was the first woman to lead the Environmental Protection Agency . He wrote the book : "  The Future of Assisted Suicide and Euthanasia . " Judge Jeffrey Sutton , 6th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals , works in Columbus , Ohio Born 1960 . Appointed by George W. Bush . He once clerked for Justice Antonin Scalia . He was the state solicitor in Ohio . Considered a conservative intellectual force on the court . But Republicans may not forgive him when Sutton became the first Republican-appointed judge to back the health care reform law championed by President Barack Obama . Judge Janice Rogers Brown , U.S. Court of Appeals , D.C. Circuit Born 1949 . Former California Supreme Court justice , who was among the first African-Americans appointed to that bench . Regarded as a strong reliable conservative in GOP circles . Her father was a sharecropper and she attended segregated schools before moving to Sacramento . She worked in the state attorney general 's office , was Gov. Pete Wilson 's legal secretary , and a state appeals judge . A former liberal and considered iconoclastic with strong religious convictions . Her nomination to the federal appeals court for the D.C. Circuit was held up by partisan wrangling . That and her age would be factors against high court consideration . Judge Allyson Duncan , 4th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals , works in Raleigh , North Carolina Born 1951 . Appointed by George W. Bush . First African-American woman on that court . Strong resume : Duke University Law School , Equal Employment Opportunity Commission attorney -- where she worked with Clarence Thomas . Law professor and private attorney .	The Republican nominee has not specified publicly on favorites for the court Many names are relatively young judges appointed by George W. Bush . Seven potential candidates are appeals court judges
CNN  -- The Army is conducting "  a wholesale re-examination " of soldiers whose post-traumatic stress disorder diagnosis was reversed by the military hospital at Joint Base Lewis McCord , Army Sec . John McHugh said Wednesday at a Senate hearing . The review comes after revelations that a significant number of diagnosis had been reversed . Statistics showed staff at Madigan Medical Center on JBLM had reversed the PTSD diagnoses of 40 % of the troops they 'd evaluated , according to Sen. Patty Murray , Washington-D , who raised the issue at a hearing on Capitol Hill . Lewis-McChord is the home base of Staff Sgt. Robert Bales , the soldier who is in custody for allegedly killing 16 Afghan civilians earlier this month . There 's no evidence that Bales had been diagnosed or treated for PTSD or that his case had been reversed , though his attorney suggested Tuesday that he would make PTSD an issue in the case . "  Anybody that has seen what he 's seen and done what he 's done at the request of the military ... I think , would have PTSD . I do n't know , I 'm not an expert in that arena , " said his attorney John Henry Browne . When that statistics came out , the Army started investigating , McHugh said . "  Clearly when you have those kinds of data we want to make sure that everything is appropriate , " McHugh testified Wednesday at a Senate Appropriations committee hearing . He said the Army Surgeon General , Lt. Gen. Patricia Horoho , immediately asked the unit at JBLM that was evaluating PTSD cases to step down and the reversed diagnoses are being re-examined . In some cases , PTSD findings have been reinstated , McHugh said . Gen. Horoho is also investigating whether PTSD evaluations at other Army medical facilities are being done properly . Results of that investigation are not complete . Some concerned soldiers said the JBLM re-evaluation was based on the extraordinary cost of potential lifetime care for a soldier diagnosed with PTSD . McHugh said that should not be a factor in such considerations "  Fiscal considerations are not in any way a part of the evaluation . It 's simply unacceptable , " McHugh said . "  We 're doing everything we can to make that clear system-side . "	Army examining PTSD diagnosis reversals at Joint Base Lewis McCord McCord is home base of Robert Bales , accused of killing 16 Afghans No evidence that Bales had been diagnosed or treated for PTSD Bales attorney suggested PTSD will be issue in defense
CNN  The public outrage over the "  religious freedom " bills recently passed in Arkansas and Indiana caught the governors of those states completely off-guard , judging by their confused and contradictory responses . As poll watchers , they surely knew that most Americans now oppose the discriminatory laws and practices they accepted as normal only a dozen years ago . But the politicians underestimated the pushback organized by local and national businesses , including companies with no previous record of public support for social equality . They had better adjust to a new reality . For the past three decades , socially conservative evangelicals and pro-business interests have been powerfully allied against government regulations , environmental initiatives and social welfare programs , while supporting lower taxes for the wealthy and pushing back against the growing diversity in America 's population . For many , this alliance been puzzling : Other , equally devout Christians who place more emphasis on Jesus Christ 's message of unconditional love and on his denunciations of excessive wealth and neglect of the poor , have been uncomfortable with it , as have many business leaders . Their priorities , after all , are based on the bottom line . And companies that sell goods and services to the public are learning that support for discrimination -- or even passive acceptance of it -- threatens that bottom line . Hence , after Indiana Gov. Mike Pence signed a law that opened a new door for discrimination against same-sex couples , the threat of boycotts and other retaliation was swift , from groups as diverse as the National Collegiate Athletic Association , the Indiana Pacers , Walmart , Eli Lilly , Apple and even the Marriott International hotel chain . Marriott International was founded by J.W. Marriott , a dedicated Mormon , and is now run by his son Bill , also a Mormon who fully accepts his church 's teachings about traditional marriage . Yet in June , Marriott International launched a " #Love Travels " marketing campaign , aimed at attracting lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender travelers with an assurance of "  the company 's commitment to make everyone feel comfortable about who they are . " Asked about the discrepancy between his religious rejection of same-sex marriage and his marketing overtures to same-sex honeymooners , Marriott pointed to the Bible 's injunction of unconditional love , but added "  beyond that , I am very careful about separating my personal faith and beliefs from how we run our business . " In 2014 , global spending by LGBT travelers was estimated at more than $ 200 billion , and spending by this market segment is rising much faster than overall spending on travel . So Marriott worries when states start to make such travelers feel unwelcome . Businesses seeking to develop brand loyalty among younger consumers have a special incentive to highlight their rejection of anti-gay bias . A CNN poll taken in February found that 72 % of millennials nationwide believe that same-sex couples have the right to have their marriages recognized as valid . Even among white evangelical Protestants , 43 % of millennials support same-sex marriage , compared with less than 20 % of those their grandparents ' age , 68 and older . It used to be that businesses could close their eyes to discrimination in areas geographically isolated from the more liberal coasts , but that is no longer possible . According to researchers for MTV 's "  Look Different " anti-bias campaign , 90 % of youths aged 14 to 24 agree that it is important to make their communities a less biased place , and almost 80 % say that everyone has a responsibility to help tackle bias . So who 's the "  moral majority " now ? For media-savvy millennials , following that moral imperative means spreading the news about discrimination wherever it occurs and reaching beyond geographic boundaries to mobilize against it . In the first 24 hours after Arkansas passed its version of the "  religious freedom " bill , the Twitter hashtag #BoycottArkansas was used 12,000 times . It then snowballed after celebrity blogger Perez Hilton tweeted it to his 5.9 million Twitter followers . America has crossed a threshold where it is no longer a good business model or political strategy to be intolerant of diversity , whether that pertains to race , ethnicity , gender or sexual orientation . Since 2011 , the majority of children that have been born in the United States each year are members of racial or ethnic minorities . Hispanics are projected to account for most of the growth in the labor force between now and 2060 . Women now lead men in educational attainment . And more than half of Americans live in states where same-sex marriage is legal . Business leaders and politicians who ignore or offend these constituencies do so at their own peril .	Stephanie Coontz : Indiana , Arkansas governors caught off guard by outrage , boycotts over anti-LGBT law She says religious conservatives who discriminate no longer hold sway in a culture comfortable with diversity , including same-sex marriage
Washington  CNN  -- A former U.S. soldier accused of fighting with terrorists against Syrian forces pleaded guilty to a lesser charge and was released from custody . Eric Harroun was sentenced to time served by a federal judge in Alexandria , Virginia , on Thursday . Court documents showed he pleaded guilty to an export charge involving conspiracy to transfer defense articles and services . The Phoenix man entered into a plea agreement with the government which remains under seal . Harroun was arrested in March and charged with conspiring to use a rocket propelled grenade while fighting with the al-Nusra Front , an alias name for the terrorist group al Qaeda in Iraq . If convicted of that charge , he faced a possible sentence of 30 years to life . Harroun allegedly posted videos on the Internet showing him with weapons . At a court hearing the next month , a federal prosecutor took the unusual step of revealing Harroun had been on a "  no-fly " list and had been removed so he could fly from Turkey to the United States where he was arrested . This allowed U.S. authorities to take custody of Harroun without asking Turkey to arrest him and hand him over . The prosecutor did not say how long Harroun had been on the "  no fly " list or whether he was aware of it . FBI agents observed him during the flight although he was not taken into custody until after he arrived in the United States . It 's also not clear whether Harroun 's name is back on the list . According to an FBI affidavit made public at the time of his arrest , Harroun crossed into Syria in January where he received training from the al-Nusra Front on how to use rocket propelled grenades and posted still photos and videos of himself on the Internet handling the RPGs and other weapons . The FBI interviewed him three times in Istanbul about his activities before he flew to the United States . The case appeared to present the United States with a thorny problem -- Harroun allegedly was fighting against the Syrian government which the United States also opposes . But the United States considers the al-Nusra Front a terrorist group . At the April hearing , federal public defender Geremy Kamens noted an FBI agent who testified said there was no evidence Harroun was involved in any terrorist activities . Harroun served in the Army from 2000 to 2003 .	Eric Harroun initially charged with fighting alongside group affiliated with al Qaeda He allegedly posted videos on the Web showing him with weapons U.S. said he had been on ` no fly ' llist , but was removed to fly him home where he was arrested Harroun , who is from Phoenix , released from custody after being sentenced to time served
CNN  -- Six months into his presidency , Mohamed Morsy has at times taken investors on a rollercoaster ride of uncertainty . Events of the past week are an accurate reflection of the ups and downs that investors have been experiencing . Morsy was front and center of the ceasefire agreement between Israel and Hamas while holding court in Cairo with the Prime Minister of Turkey , the Secretary General of the United Nations and the U.S. Secretary of State . Read more : Egypt president 's tricky game of power Hillary Clinton heaped praise on Morsy , suggesting he has stepped up to the plate to rebuild Egypt 's pivotal role in the region . During the same week , after months of on again-off again negotiations , the International Monetary Fund signed a preliminary agreement to lend $ 4.8 billion to the cash-strapped country . But Morsy capped the week by making a power play to wrestle control of the constitutional drafting process by issuing a decree giving him unchecked powers . More from John Defterios : Why Iran is caught in currency crisis Mohammed Al Ississ , professor of economics at the American University in Cairo , says the president "  tried to seize the moment and move ahead in capturing more power . What Egypt needs to focus on now is institution building rather than a power grab . " Investors feel the same way , getting their first chance to respond Sunday with the largest sell-off since January 2011 , when the protests to oust Hosni Mubarak began . More than $ 5 billion of market capitalization was wiped out during the session . Read more : Egypt 's new president : U.S.-educated Islamist Al Ississ described the effort to leverage the goodwill built up by the ceasefire and meeting conditions for the IMF loan as a "  giant miscalculation " by the Islamist leader . This move comes only ten days after the European Union stepped up to assist Egypt with a pledge to offer $ 6.4 billion in loans and grants to the Middle East 's most populous country . Morsy has met a full range of challenges since taking office and has responded with decisiveness . Case in point : The outbreak of violence in the Sinai was met with a sweeping out of the top military brass in Egypt including field marshal Mohamed Tantawi . But his biggest challenge , strategists suggest , is trying to appease members of his own Freedom and Justice Party and the ultra conservative Salafis wing . At the same time , those who pushed for the removal of former President Mubarak believe their revolution has been hijacked . Morsy 's gesture to meet with the Supreme Judicial Council calmed the markets , but he has to manage the "  man on the street " as large scale protests unfold Tuesday . As this clash of opposing views takes place , the tough work of building a solid economic foundation gets delayed . "  Big reforms that need to be enacted have been at a standstill for the last few years , " says Hisham El-Khazindar , co-founder and managing director of Citadel Capital . At the top of his list is cutting down the cost of fuel and food subsidies which took the budget deficit to over 10 % of GDP in the last fiscal year . "  You have a budget deficit that is ballooning , a current account deficit deteriorating and you have investments both local and international at a standstill , you know taking a wait and see approach , " says El-Khazindar . Citadel raised $ 3.7 billion to fund a refinery operation after the uprising . The private equity group says another $ 4 billion is sitting on the sidelines waiting to see how Morsy will play his cards this week and beyond . During the uprising , growth plummeted from over 5 % down in 2010 to 1.8 % last year and only climbed slightly to 2.6 % in the latest quarter ending in September . This means making solid calculations for 2013 will prove to be difficult for everything from Suez Canal receipts to tourism visitors . "  We are back to ground zero when it comes to the uncertainty , " said Al Ississ of American University in Cairo .	As Mohamed Morsy capped the week by issuing a decree giving him unchecked powers Investors reacted and the largest sell-off since January 2011 , when the protests to oust Hosni Mubarak , began More than $ 5 billion of market capitalization was wiped out during the Sunday session
Jay Carney , who stepped down as White House press secretary in June , is stepping back into the political fray as a commentator for CNN . Carney will make his first appearance on the news network Wednesday night during CNN 's coverage of President Barack Obama 's prime time address about the extremist group ISIS . "  I 'm thrilled to be joining CNN at a time when there is so much happening in the nation and the world , " Carney said in a statement . Carney is intimately familiar with the media world , having worked at Time magazine for 20 years , three of those as Washington bureau chief . He moved from media to government shortly after Obama 's election . Carney was Vice President Joe Biden 's communications director in 2009 and 2010 , and then became Obama 's press secretary in early 2011 . Along with television appearances , Carney will regularly contribute to CNN 's politics website , which is being revamped this fall . Jay Carney give last White House briefing Sam Feist , CNN 's Washington bureau chief , announced Carney 's hiring on Wednesday . "  Jay 's unique experience as both a journalist and a White House press secretary make him an invaluable voice for the network as we cover the final two years of the Obama administration and look ahead to the coming campaigns , " Feist said in a statement . "  We 're fortunate to have Jay on our air tonight to provide analysis and insight surrounding the President 's address to the nation . " Carney was rumored to be in talks with television networks over the summer . CNN and other networks pay high-profile political types such as Carney with the expectation that the exclusive appearances and "  insider " commentary will attract viewers and attention . Carney 's press secretary predecessor , Robert Gibbs , is also affiliated with a cable news channel : Two years after stepping down from the podium , he joined MSNBC as a paid contributor . Several press secretaries under President George W. Bush also signed up with television networks afterward : Ari Fleischer and Tony Snow were contributors to CNN at different times , and Dana Perino is now a co-host of the Fox News program "  The Five . "	Former Obama spokesman debuts on CNN for President 's ISIS speech Carney served in the Obama administration since shortly after he was inaugurated Before joining the White House , Carney was bureau chief for Time magazine
CNN  You 're a backup dancer . This awards show is a big deal for you . You 've been the one chosen to snatch a cape dramatically off Madonna during a musical number . It 's going to be a moment you 'll remember for all time . And now that it 's happened , you 'll remember it for a much different reason . Madonna was sent tumbling Wednesday night when the show did n't go as planned and she was yanked down a small flight of stairs . The 56-year-old singer says she 's fine . The darn cape was just tied too tight . Here 's what happened : Madonna was belting out "  Living for Love " at the Brit Awards in London . It 's a song that coincidentally includes the lyrics "  lifted me up and watched me stumble , after the heartache I 'm gon na carry on . " The plan was for the dancer to pull off the cape , but it was still tied around Madonna 's neck . And down goes Madonna ! If she was in pain , she did n't show it , getting back to her feet and finishing the number . Carry on , indeed . Of course , the socialsphere has gone nutso , mocking Madonna or the dancer , although some did send support . CNN 's David Wilkinson and Stephanie Busari contributed to this report .	Madonna falls while singing at Brit Awards Backup dancer had problems pulling off singer 's cape ; she tumbled
CNN  -- It 's like a stunt from the latest James Bond movie , only this is n't a movie . Adorned in a designer suit and sunglasses , a sailor sprints up the 30-meter mast of a boat as it plows ahead at a 60-degree angle . Hopping over ropes and rigging it takes him just 16 seconds to reach the mast 's peak . There , he checks himself , removes his sunglasses , pops them in his top pocket and dives into the ocean nine meters below him . "  It 's the most stupid thing I 've ever done , " is Alex Thomson 's frank assessment of his stunt . "  It was n't safe at all , " adds the yachtsman more used to solo circumnavigating the globe . "  Only looking back do I really appreciate how dangerous it actually was . " The stunt was carried out without a harness , just a water resistant suit , although the risk was reduced thanks to the work of a stunt co-ordinator and two days of preparation on the water . For Thomson 's daredevil performance to succeed he also needed a wind speed of exactly 18 to 20 knots and for the boat to be traveling at 10 knots  a little under 20 kph  . The 37-year-old and his team began their search for the perfect wind speed in Palma , Mallorca , but were forced to switch to Tarifa in southern Spain because conditions were n't right before eventually shifting to Cadiz where the stunt was eventually performed . "  At the end of the first day , I had to sit down on shore and calm down , " says Thomson . "  I was appreciating perhaps it was n't safe at all , and there were some hairy moments when we were practicing . I remember one time I was halfway up when the boat suddenly tacked and I was just left hanging from the mast . "  Obviously falling from that height from the mast onto the deck is n't advisable , " he quips . "  The ramifications would n't have been great . " On the day itself , with stunning skies above , the stunt went pretty much perfectly , which had a lot to do with the man driving the boat , Ross Daniel . "  His was the harder , more nerve wracking job as he had to keep the boat just right , " says Thomson . "  Ross works for me and he 's a good mate so obviously he was conscious he did n't want things to go wrong . "  I 'm not sure if he was relieved come the end of it but he was certainly happy man with how it went . " As for Thomson 's starring role in the escapade , he 's conscious that he came very close to really hurting himself . "  Now the top of a mast is n't really designed for a man to dive off but I went for it and it held up , " says the yachtsman . "  As for the dive itself , I slightly over-egged . There was some quite impressive editing work on that as I landed head first very close to my back . "  It was quite close to a back belly flop and , while I would n't have killed myself , I certainly would have had some nasty internal injuries . "  Diving wise , I 'd always wanted to dive but was n't sure until I got to the top whether I 'd have the guts to do it . "  I 'd been up a 10-meter board at a pool in training but never dived off it . So this was a first and , once I was up there , I sort of thought I might as well go for it . " As he pondered that stomach-churning dive , Thomson says he felt surprisingly calm . "  As a sailor I 'm used to hoisting myself up the mast and you get well versed at reading the wind and the waves so I was quite aware if there was suddenly going to be a change in the boat 's course , " he explains . There was n't , he duly hit the water and quickly returned to the surface to the relief and cheers of his team . Even now , Thomson , who has a penchant for being something of a daredevil , is not entirely sure why he performed the stunt . "  I did a keel walk a while ago and we did a video for that , which got over two million people watching which I was flabbergasted by , " he admits . "  So we got talking about doing something else and this seemed a bit of fun really . "  I 'd taken to running up the mast -- although not necessarily to the top -- for a while , mostly when entertaining people on the boat to , say , take pictures of them on the deck . "  So , going the whole way up and jumping off seemed a good idea . "  It 's a bit like the Vendee Globe  the race to circumnavigate the globe  . You sort of agree to it not thinking it will necessarily happen , and then suddenly the day comes for it . " Having done a keel walk two years ago and now a mast walk , Thomson is at a loss to consider what might complete a hat-trick of sailing stunts . "  That was the same after the keel walk . I 'd never planned to follow that or do something like this , it just happened . So when I 'm asked what I might do next , I literally have no idea . "	Sailor takes on death-defying stunt of charging to the top of his boat 's mast and diving off Alex Thomson decided to do the stunt on a whim but later called it "  stupid " The feat was carried out without a harness and with him wearing only a designer suit As for the future , he has no idea what stunt he might next perform ... watch this space
CNN  -- While most people can appreciate the grace and athleticism of ballet , dressage -- the precision art of horse riding and training -- remains a puzzling spectacle to all but a few . A new performance by the International Equestrian Federation  FEI  aims to show that these two art forms are not so different . For the launch of the flagship FEI World Cup Finals in Lyon , France the organizing body assembled the finest talent from the worlds of elite riding and ballet to show off their skills side by side . "  They 're very similar in terms of athletic ability ; they 're very delicate but they 're very powerful , " said U.S. Jumping rider Charlie Jacobs , who joined dressage champion Charlotte Dujardin and dancers from the Minsk Bolshoi for the photoshoot . Double Olympic gold medalist Charlotte Dujardin was just as impressed with her partnership with Belarusian maestro Kanstantsin Geronik -- calling it an "  exciting " prelude to the competition in which she once again shattered world records . The FEI 's Director of Dressage , Trond Asmyr , says the organizers hoped to create a comparison to ballet which would open up the esoteric world to outsiders . He believes the parallels go beyond the athletes ' physical abilities . "  You see a number of different elements in there . You need strength . You need power . You need elegance , " he said . "  You need a feeling for what you 're doing : it 's not only a question of jumping as far as you can or as long as you can or as high as you can -- it 's this combination of putting all these elements together to produce the optimal performance . " He was pleased with how much the riders got out of the day . He called Dujardin "  a full-blown artist herself " but says seeing her perform alongside Geronik highlighted the virtuosos ' similarities . The real test , he says , is to close your eyes and listen to the music . In either sport , you can imagine how the performer  or performer plus horse  could glide across the space . Dujardin , the World number one Dressage rider , who took the dressage crown in Lyon , has been labeled "  the girl with the dancing horse , " but was enthused to see her horse-less dancing counterparts in action . The evening after the photoshoot , organizers FEI took the riders to see the dancers on their own turf -- at the Lyon Amphitheatre where the Bolshoi performed Swan Lake as part of a nationwide French tour . Asmyr says Dujardin told him she saw dance with "  new eyes . " He now has high hopes for developing the cross-cultural collaboration further in future . "  Ballet is certainly more well known around the world than dressage riding , so if we can facilitate an understanding from people about our sport , through the similarities with ballet , then we 're very happy about that . " Read more : Globetrotting : The world 's most traveled horse	What happens when the worlds of dressage and ballet collide ? New performance aims to highlight similarities between the two disciplines "  You need strength . You need power . You need elegance " says FEI dressage chief Organizers hope to develop more cross-cultural collaboration in future
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said Tuesday that another stimulus package might be needed to help the ailing economy . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi met with economists and other Democrats on Tuesday to discuss the stimulus . Pelosi , whose comments followed a meeting with several economists , said the measures already taken by the Obama administration are helping to restore confidence in the shaky financial markets . But "  we have to keep the door open and see how this goes , " the California Democrat added . House Appropriations Committee Chairman David Obey of Wisconsin said on Tuesday night he 's already instructed his staff to start drafting a second stimulus proposal . Obey said his staff is preparing the outline of a stimulus bill but he cautioned there is no timeline to move on it . One of the economists in the meeting with Pelosi and other Democrats , Mark Zandi with Moody 's Economy.com , said more taxpayer money would likely be needed to bolster the economy . Another economist , Allen Sinai , chief global economist at Decision Economics Inc. , urged patience . But he questioned President Obama 's prediction that the $ 800 billion stimulus package enacted last month would create or save as many as 3 million to 4 million jobs . "  Initially ... the jobs created may be a little disappointing , " Sinai said . Sinai said his analysis showed that about 2.5 million jobs would be saved or created over the next two years and he said it is more realistic to project 3 million jobs over a longer period of three years . The most recent prediction from the Congressional Budget Office , released last week , estimates the recovery package will create or save from 1.2 million jobs to 3.6 million jobs .	"  We have to keep the door open and see how this goes , " the House Speaker says House Appropriations Committee chairman 's staff is preparing second proposal More taxpayer money will likely be needed to bolster economy , economist says Economist questions whether current stimulus will save or create 4 million jobs
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Michelle Williams carried home a Golden Globe Sunday night for her portrayal of movie legend Marilyn Monroe in "  My Week With Marilyn . " "  Thank you to the Hollywood Foreign Press Association for putting in my hand the same award that Marilyn Monroe herself won over 50 years ago , " Williams said as she accepted for best actress in a film comedy or musical . Since the Globes separates dramas from comedies -- unlike the Academy Awards -- Williams was not competing against Meryl Streep , whose portrayal of former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in "  Iron Lady " may be her toughest Oscar competitor . Streep 's Globe category -- best actress in a drama film -- was set to be awarded toward the end of the 69th annual Golden Globes award show telecast . Woody Allen , who did not attend Sunday night 's ceremony at the Beverly Hilton Hotel , won the Golden Globe for best film comedy or musical screenplay for "  Midnight In Paris . " While the Oscar nominations wo n't be announced until later this month , Allen 's movie is considered a best-picture contender . The Golden Globe for best supporting actress in a film went to Octavia Spencer who played a maid in the Civil Rights era movie "  The Help . " Spencer quoted Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. in her acceptance : "  All labor that uplifts humanity has dignity and importance . " Although the "  Help " characters are fictional "  they represent scores of real people , " she said . "  The narrative itself is part of our fabric , " Spencer said backstage . "  It 's important to keep the younger generation abreast of how far we 've come , because this is really foreign to them . " The Globes are the unofficial launch of Hollywood 's movie award season , which culminates six weeks later with the Academy Awards . Early in the broadcast , host Ricky Gervais took quick aim at the Hollywood Press Association , the group that hired him to perform hosting duties for a third year . Gervais , in his opening monologue , compared the Golden Globes to the Oscars , "  but without all that esteem . " The Globes are to the Oscars "  what Kim Kardashian is to Kate Middleton . A bit louder , a bit drunker and more easily bought , " he joked . The group of about 85 writers invited Gervais to host the telecast again this year despite -- or because of -- the controversy stirred last year by his take-no-prisoners jokes . Kelsey Grammer 's Golden Globe may not be the biggest award given out Sunday night , but the actor may have been the happiest backstage where he revealed his wife is expecting twins . Grammer won for best actor in a television drama series for his role as a corrupt Chicago mayor in the Starz series "  Boss . " Among the first trophies handed out was the Golden Globe for best actress in a made-for-TV movie or mini-series to Kate Winslet for her role in HBO 's "  Mildred Pierce . " It was Winslet 's third Globe . She won two in 2009 , for "  Revolutionary Road " and "  The Reader . " Winslet was asked backstage her opinion of reports that Lindsay Lohan was in negotiations to portray the late Elizabeth Taylor in a film . "  I 'm not going to go there , dude , " Winslet said . "  It 's kind of a hot zone . " Christopher Plummer won best supporting actor in a film for his role in "  Beginners , " while Laura Dern won best actress in a television comedy or musical series for her work in HBO 's "  Enlightened . " PBS 's "  Downton Abbey , " nominated for four Globes , won for best made-for-TV movie or mini-series . George Clooney 's "  The Descendants " and "  The Ides of March " are among the six films nominated for best drama . Clooney is also a contender for best actor in a drama for his "  Descendants " role and for best director and best screenplay for "  The Ides of March . " "  The Ides of March " earned a best drama movie actor nomination for Ryan Gosling , who also is nominated for best actor in a comedy film for "  Crazy , Stupid , Love . " The other best drama film nominees include "  The Help , " which is nominated for five Globes , including a best drama actress nod for Viola Davis . Co-stars Octavia Spencer and Jessica Chastain are competing against each other for best supporting actress . Best drama contender "  Moneyball " is also nominated for best screenplay , while Brad Pitt , who portrayed baseball general manager Billy Beane , is up for best actor in a drama film . Jonah Hill , who played Beane 's statistical wizard , is nominated for best supporting actor . Steven Spielberg 's "  War Horse " is competing for best drama . Spielberg 's "  The Adventures Of Tintin " won the Golden Globe for best animated feature film . "  Hugo " rounds out the nominations for the best movie drama category . Martin Scorsese won best film director for the 3-D family film . The best drama film actor category also includes Leonardo DiCaprio for his portrayal of former FBI director J. Edgar Hoover in "  J. Edgar , " and Michael Fassbender for "  Shame . " Meryl Streep , who has been nominated 25 times before for Globes and won seven of the trophies , is again in the running for best actress in a drama film . She is nominated for portraying former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in "  The Iron Lady . " Glenn Close , who produced , co-wrote and stars in "  Albert Nobbs , " was nominated as best actress . Co-star Janet McTeer is nominated in the best supporting actress category . Along with Davis , Streep and Close , the best drama actress competitors include Tilda Swinton for "  We Need to Talk About Kevin " and Rooney Mara for "  The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo . " The best foreign-language film honor was awarded to the Iranian film "  A Separation . "	NEW : Woody Allen 's "  Midnight in Paris " wins best comedy film screenplay NEW : Kelsey Grammer gets Globe , reveals he 's expecting twins NEW : Octavia Spencer wins best supporting actress in a film for "  The Help " The Golden Globes start the Hollywood awards season
CNN  -- "  Uh-oh , I smell smoke again , hang on ... " Robbie Trencheny , a 20-year-old programmer based in Colorado Springs , Colorado , walked away from our Skype video call to look at the billowing clouds of smoke outside . When he returned : "  Yeah , it really smells like a bonfire out here now , " he said . As of Wednesday afternoon , the Waldo Canyon wildfire has burned more than 15,000 acres in the mountains just outside Colorado Springs . It 's moving fast and doubled in size overnight . Several neighborhoods in the western part of the city , and part of the Air Force Academy , have been evacuated , and homes have been destroyed . Trencheny lives about five miles east of the blaze . An avid Twitter user , he saw the flood of discussion about the fire there , and he decided to help make it easier to follow the action . Monster fire terrorizes a Colorado city So in about 45 minutes of coding , Trencheny and fellow coder Scott Siebold built the Waldo Canyon Wildfire Tracker . This app collects all tweets containing #WaldoCanyonFire  the Twitter "  hashtag " denoting this event  and displays them in a constantly updated stream . At the top is a photo gallery showing all the photos posted to Twitter with that hashtag . "  We wanted to help in some way , " he said . "  We figured we 'd use our tech skills to help , since not many people in Colorado Springs have the skills to do this quickly . The pictures are the best part so far . They 're really powerful . " Colorado Springs has a fairly small tech community , and most people there do n't use social media much , aside from Facebook , Trencheny said . His online tool is something can can give anyone with Web access a window onto the public discourse about this emergency , whether or not they use Twitter . Most people think of "  apps " as programs that you download and install on a mobile device or computer . But this is a "  Web app , " delivered entirely through the Web browser . "  The first time you check it out , be prepared : This fire is moving fast ! " Trencheny said . To make it less overwhelming , he suggests making sure the "  retweets enabled " checkbox near the top is unchecked to eliminate duplicate tweets that occur as people interested in the fire copy updates to share with their own Twitter followers . The information from Twitter comes from all sorts of places : from official agencies such as the Colorado Springs Fire Department to people in and near the city sharing what they 're witnessing with other people around the state and the nation . "  Part of what makes this compelling is not so much reading every tweet but just getting a real-time sense of how fast this is moving , " he said . Trencheny could add Instagram photos to this app , since like Twitter , Instagram offers an open application programming interface . But he has n't , because not many people in Colorado Springs appear to be using Instagram much . However , Instagram photos bearing the #WaldoCanyonFire hashtag and cross-posted to Twitter are appearing in the app . Help for wildfire evacuees and first responders "  I ca n't add Facebook posts , of course , because that 's a closed network , " he said . While this Web app can be viewed on a computer , it also works fairly well on smartphones and tablets . Trencheny says he will continue to improve the mobile interface Wednesday . This project is n't just about Colorado Springs . People in other cities facing wildfires  or any type of emergency  can reuse Trencheny 's code base , for free , to spin off their own iteration . He 's posted this open source code to GitHub , a popular resource for programmers who like to share what they create . In fact , Trencheny plans to spin off a version of the Web app to track other current wildfires in Colorado , such as the High Park Fire outside Fort Collins , which has burned more than 87,000 acres , or the Flagstaff Fire burning just outside Boulder . And he 'll explore adding more features , such as a map or integrating photos posted to Flickr . Trencheny is part of the growing movement of "  civic coders " : programmers who enjoy building free tools and services to help communities . Sometimes these are solo efforts , but often civic coders collaborate , either online through resources like GitHub or in person at events called "  hackathons " where coders self-organize into teams and compete to build software over the course of a day or a weekend . The nonprofit Code for America initiative is helping accelerate civic coding by fostering collaboration between coders , local or state governments , and community groups to solve problems . Some of this happens by deploying teams of coders to help government agencies , but Code for America also supports civic hackathons around the nation . Similarly , last year the Apps for Communities Challenge  a contest run jointly by the Federal Communications Commission and the John S. and James L. Knight Foundation  awarded more than $ 100,000 in prizes to coders who built apps to "  make local public information more personalized , usable , and accessible for all Americans . "  See the winners . Trencheny , who hails from the San Francisco Bay Area , participated in Code for Oakland , a civic hackathon for Oakland , California , now entering its second year . And the company he works with , Momentum , is building a platform to make it easier for nonprofits , government agencies and relief organizations to accept online and mobile donations . "  We 're currently reaching out to fire departments and other agencies helping to fight the Colorado wildfires and provide relief services , " he said . "  They all are seeking donations right now . " Trencheny also applauds local officials in Colorado Springs for doing an excellent job with communicating about the Waldo Canyon Fire via social media . "  They were on it right away . The declared a hashtag and encouraged people to adopt it . And they 're being responsive to questions on social media and very open with the community there . That makes the content of the Waldo Canyon Fire Tracker so much more useful , " he said . iReporters share their harrowing views of the western wildfires The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	Two Colorado Springs coders built a Web app in response to the Waldo Canyon wildfire The app collects and streams tweets containing the #WaldoCanyonFire hashtag Coders have made their code base available to help others track natural disasters
CNN  -- As the war in Iraq reaches its five-year anniversary this week , two of the world 's leading humanitarian groups issued extensive reports Monday describing a crisis of huge proportions with little reason for hope . Iraqi women mourn the death of their relative outside the morgue in the restive city of Baquba , Iraq , on March 12 . "  Despite claims that the security situation has improved in recent months , the human rights situation is disastrous , " Amnesty International says in its report , titled "  Carnage and Despair : Iraq Five Years On . " In a summary of the report , Amnesty writes that "  a climate of impunity has prevailed , the economy is in tatters and the refugee crisis " keeps escalating . The International Committee of the Red Cross , in a report titled "  Iraq : No Let-up in the Humanitarian Crisis , " writes , "  Despite limited improvements in security in some areas , armed violence is still having a disastrous impact . Civilians continue to be killed in the hostilities . "  The injured often do not receive adequate medical care . Millions of people have been forced to rely on insufficient supplies of poor-quality water as water and sewage systems suffer from a lack of maintenance and a shortage of engineers . " The Bush administration and many Republican lawmakers , including presidential candidate Sen. John McCain , have frequently praised successes in Iraq in recent months , noting improvements in security in key areas . They attribute that in part to the buildup of U.S. troops in Iraq ordered by President Bush last year . Vice President Dick Cheney described the five year U.S.-led invasion of Iraq in a news conference Monday during a visit to Baghdad . "  This week marks the fifth anniversary , " said Cheney . "  It has been a difficult , challenging , but none the less successful endeavor . " Democrats , including presidential hopefuls Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama , have said the government failed to use the downturn in violence to achieve the steps it was supposed to make possible . Sen. John McCain met with Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki on Monday where he stressed the United States ' commitment to Iraq . "  We recognize that al Qaeda is on the run , but they are not defeated . Al Qaeda continues to pose a great threat to the security and very existence of Iraq as a democracy . So we know there 's still a lot more work that needs to be done , " he said . Amnesty writes , "  Key political benchmarks have yet to be realized . " Both Amnesty and the Red Cross slam the Iraqi government for failing to grapple with the critical needs of their populations . Amnesty also says the Iraqi government and the U.S.-led Multi-National Forces are responsible for some nightmarish circumstances . "  Civilians are also at risk from Multi-National Forces and Iraqi security forces , with many killed by excessive force and tens of thousands detained without charge or trial , " Amnesty writes in its summary . "  The death penalty was reintroduced in 2004 and hundreds of people have been sentenced to death . At least 33 people were executed in 2007 , many after unfair trials . " In its report , Amnesty says the Iraqi government "  has failed to introduce practical measures to deal with the gross and serious human rights violations perpetrated by its security forces . There appears to be no serious willingness to investigate properly the many incidents of abuses , including killings of civilians , torture and rape , and to bring those responsible to justice . "  The government has also been unable to reign in Shiite militia groups , such as the Mehdi Army , or to rid the Interior Ministry of death squads . The fact that the government is divided along sectarian lines has serious repercussions on its effectiveness and bodes ill for the future . " The two reports cite a litany of concerns , including severe widespread poverty , a lack of food and water , and broken families left to scrounge for whatever they can find to get by . Both reports describe a situation that shows no sign of clear improvement . Amnesty also says conditions for women have worsened with the rise of fundamentalist religious groups . Many women "  have been forced to wear Islamic dress or targeted for abduction , rape or killing . " The group notes a study by the World Health Organization in 2006/2007 that found 21 percent of Iraqi women had experienced physical violence . Amnesty adds that the "  predominantly Kurdish region of northern Iraq has been more stable with fewer acts of violence , and has seen growing economic prosperity and foreign investment . However , here too there continue to be serious human rights violations , including arrests for peaceful political dissent , torture , ill-treatment , the death penalty and the killing of women in so-called honor crimes . " The Red Cross says that despite the struggles in Iraq , the organization "  has been able to help hundreds of thousands of the neediest Iraqis . " The group called for a "  renewed effort " to "  address the needs of everyday Iraqis . " E-mail to a friend	Amnesty International and The Red Cross released reports Monday Amnesty report : "  A climate of impunity has prevailed ; the economy is in tatters " Amnesty says conditions for women have worsened with rise of religious groups Vice President Dick Cheney describes war as success with challenges
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana  CNN  -- Of all the amazing New Orleans , Louisiana , musicians , my favorite could be Troy "  Trombone Shorty " Andrews . Troy "  Trombone Shorty " Andrews performs on the Gentilly stage at the New Orleans Jazz Festival . He cut his teeth at age 4 playing with legends like Bo Diddley . At 19 , he toured with Lenny Kravitz . And now , at age 23 , Trombone Shorty is getting ready to play with Aerosmith and release his latest CD . He 's played every venue in New Orleans you can think of . I had the chance to catch up with him at the 40th annual New Orleans Jazz Festival this week . The following is an edited version of that interview . CNN : You ca n't ask for better weather , better crowd , and to be the face of Congo Square . How does it feel ? Trombone Shorty : Well , it feels great . I 'm happy to be in my city and get a warm reception like that from the audience . And I 'm honored to be on the poster this year , because when they first called me , I thought it was a joke . I thought I had to put in at least 20 more years of work . So for me to be one of the youngest on there ever , I 'm happy . I 'm like a kid in a candy store . I just want to find ways to help the city , and one of the ways to do it is right here at the Jazz Festival . CNN : What does it mean to be here , especially this kind of crowd , on the 40th anniversary -LSB- of the festival -RSB- ? The economy has been bad , but can you put a price tag on what it does to the spirit ? TS : Everywhere I go around the world , we have fans of New Orleans . Sometimes we go places , and people do n't really know who we are , but they know New Orleans , and once we say we are from New Orleans , we have a lot of supporters . To be here on a wonderful day and to have a big crowd of people coming out to help New Orleans is a wonderful thing . CNN : Tell me about your band , the education you got and these young guys playing with you . What you are going to mean to the city as you age and get the recognition that you deserve ? TS : I just want to spearhead and lead a new style of New Orleans music . A lot of people have been doing the same thing for years , and I just want to be one of the people who create the next 50 years of New Orleans . And my band , most of them I got from NOCA  New Orleans Creative Arts  , where Wynton Marsalis , Harry Connick and most of those guys graduated . Some of them I met from Loyola , and we all got together . I was a natural musician first , then I went to school , and I got the best young musicians I saw around town , and we have been playing in this band for nine or 10 years now . CNN : I 've seen you the last several years , and you seem much more comfortable as a front man . Not just playing the horn great but leading the crowd , singing . Am I right reading into that ? TS : I wanted to become a better entertainer , and I learned from my brother James Andrews . And I 've been studying some tape of James Brown and different people . I 've just wanted to see what I could do . I just wanted to make people comfortable with seeing a horn . Because if you see a horn on a poster with some guy , you automatically think it 's a sit-down jazz thing . And coming from Treme -LSB- New Orleans -RSB- , everything has been about dancing and second-lining and partying and everything . That 's where I am from , so I just wanted to take that and put it with this style of playing . CNN : Tell me what your favorite food is . Do you get to sample a lot of it ? TS : I got ta say the crawfish monica and the crawfish bread . I like that . I eat it every day . Last year I got sick from eating like 10 of them !	Troy "  Trombone Shorty " Andrews performs at the New Orleans Jazz Festival Andrews ' band , Orleans Avenue , is preparing to release new CD Trombone Shorty is featured on the Congo Square poster for Jazz Fest "  Everywhere I go around the world , we have fans of New Orleans , " Andrews says
CNN  -- Modern U.S. presidents seem to be in need of neat , catchy labels for the enemy they want to destroy . "  Network of death " is the latest one . After U.S. President Barack Obama 's speech at the United Nations , we now know that it is this network that needs "  dismantling . " Whether or not this new label will help increase the number of countries willing to join the U.S. in the fight against ISIS remains to be seen . Old , trusted allies will doubtless follow . Britain 's Prime Minister David Cameron has already vowed that his country will "  play its part . " All Cameron needs is parliamentary approval , which is expected Friday -- and maybe his own new label for ISIS . But how will the "  network " react ? How will it strike back ? It is of course difficult to see how ISIS could successfully resist U.S. air power in the long run . Yet this conflict is first and foremost a political confrontation . The many wars in the Middle East since 9/11 have shown that messages matter . And in this regard the ISIS "  network " is bound to continue to do just fine . This is not so much because ISIS and its supporters have created media arms like those radical Islamic groups al-Furqan or al-Hayat . Nor has it much to do with the ability to spread their videos by using Twitter-bots or multiple YouTube accounts , clever hashtags , mobile phone apps or more obscure social media sites to evade counter-measures by police and security agencies . It has all to do with the message itself . If it resonates , it will spread . Goaded into action ? ISIS has already portrayed the mere fact that Obama has decided to use military force as a success . Groups like ISIS crave recognition . Acknowledging them as a major threat -- and taking counter-measures -- does just that . It guarantees extensive coverage in traditional media . ISIS ' first reaction after the start of the bombardments was to point out that Obama , like George Bush before him , was drawn into a conflict that he could not win . ISIS got what it wanted -- a direct confrontation with the US and an opportunity to link Obama to the widely discredited military strategy of his successor . Provoking and unsettling is a major part of ISIS media strategy . The group knows Western audiences as well as local and regional ones . Hostages are shown in the familiar Guantanamo-style orange jump suits : "  What you did to us , we can do to you , " is the simple message . Not new , but tried , tested and successful , particularly with local audiences . Recruiting Western Muslims Most unsettling to Western audiences is that disaffected Muslims from their own nations are drawn to join the conflict . It is hardly necessary for the ISIS leadership to threaten retaliation in Western countries . A few more posts , pictures or videos featuring ISIS fighters with French , British or German voices are sufficient to scare Western politicians and their respective electorates . They might even provoke counter-measures like stricter border controls , passport restrictions and increased surveillance . They might also lead to new types of profiling , which may well backfire and encourage yet more young men to travel to Syria to take up the fight for the self-proclaimed Islamic State , as ISIS has proclaimed itself to be . Western counter-messages and social media offences will hardly prevent this . So in essence , it is as simple as to keep doing what ISIS media people are already doing . Merely resisting U.S. military pressure as long as possible will strengthen ISIS 's message . As will the potentially devastating consequences of U.S. , French or British bombing raids on civilian populations . Adding variety Adding a few videos of successful ISIS attacks or evidence of dogged resistance will also help . Hostage videos alone will lose their impact over time , however gruesome they are . A little variation is needed . The new "  lecture series " of British hostage John Cantlie shows that ISIS is aware of that . Whether Obama 's "  network of death " is the appropriate phrase or not , it is certainly true that ISIS and affiliates form a network . But even if ISIS were to become seriously "  degraded , " it is difficult to believe that the whole network can be dismantled . At the heart of the current turmoil in the Middle East is a civil war within Islam . Being regarded as the one force that stands up to U.S. and Western military power is bound to boost ISIS 's reputation in this struggle . The media prominence ISIS has achieved is also bound to encourage other groups to embark on similar "  media work . " The "  network of death " is in an excellent position to continue to create ISIS-style media messages . The video of the beheading of French mountain guide Herve Gourdel , posted by the Algerian ISIS affiliate on Wednesday , is only the most recent example .	ISIS has goaded U.S. President Barack Obama into reacting , writes Peter Busch He says terror groups crave attention -- and Obama 's giving them that Provoking and unsettling is a major part of ISIS media strategy , Busch writes Media message could attract disaffected Muslims from West , he says
CNN  -- It 's New Year 's Day 2013 . I can feel the wind on my face . My heart rate is steady , but I 'm so full of joy and pride it may beat out of my chest . I can hear my friends yelling from the sidelines : "  You did it ! We 're so proud of you ! " I try to choke back tears . My knees buckle as 14 people surround me . I have just finished my first 5K race . But wait -- something is missing . My two best friends are nowhere to be seen . "  Your relationships will change . " I heard that piece of advice more than any other during the Fit Nation kickoff weekend . I think about those four words often . Finding fitness that works for you I was always someone a friend could call at a moment 's notice to go out . When I finally decided to get healthy , I could n't continue to do that . I made a conscious decision to change where I hung out , who I hung out with and what we did when we were hanging out . The majority of my friends are health-conscious , so I did n't think any of my relationships would change much . I was wrong . Going out to eat is a rare occasion these days , and I ca n't remember the last time I had a drink . All of my free time is spent at the gym or doing something active . To maintain my active lifestyle I make sure I get a minimum of seven hours of sleep every night . Most of my friends are going out when I 'm going to bed . I knew my best friends and I had n't seen each other in a while , but in all the years we 've known each other , we had never missed the "  big stuff . " That morning , after my first race , I checked my phone . There were messages from both of them telling me how proud they were , but that New Year 's Eve had gotten the best of them . Later , I explained how hurt I was that they were n't there . I found out they were hurt , too . They felt like they did n't "  fit into " my life anymore . We had always spent time together seeing the latest movie , checking out a new restaurant or going to a concert . Vanderbilt basketball games were our favorite , but most of those games were at 8 p.m. Thursdays and I was in bed . The Annette they knew and loved was changing . Work out your mind first It was hard to hear . But we talked it out and -- because we 're women -- we had a really good cry . Any time there is a new challenge in your life , be prepared for your relationships to change . Your friendships will change ; your family life will change . And do n't be surprised when the most significant change is your relationship with yourself . I thought the absence of certain people in my life was temporary . It 's not . The changes I 've made and continue to make are permanent lifestyle investments in me and my ultimate goal of living the rest of my life as a healthy , happy , active adult . I 've made new friends since the beginning of my journey . I 'm a social person so I 'm always going to have a group around . Some of that group has changed because I needed it to , but those who matter have weathered the changes with me and will always have my back no matter where life takes us . Get fit and others will follow My friends and I still do n't see each other as often as we did , and probably never will . But we check in on each other and have made a promise to hang out at least once a month . When I cross the finish line of my first half-marathon on April 27 , I know both of them will be there with smiles on their faces , arms open wide and pride in their hearts for whom I 'm becoming . Follow Miller on Twitter @TriHardAnnette .	Annette Miller 's relationships changed when she decided to get healthy Miller 's friends were hurt she was spending more time at the gym , less time eating out Miller says the people who matter have weathered the changes with her
CNN  -- William Talley sits in front of his computer for hours , clicking on every photo he can find online from the wreckage of Typhoon Haiyan in the Philippines . Stuck 8,000 miles away in Tennessee , he has no other way of searching for his wife and 3-year-old daughter . "  What keeps running through my mind now is my baby calling my name -- ` papa , papa , papa , ' " he says . Talley , his wife Rose , and their child Wilrose live in Guiuan , the tropical paradise where Typhoon Haiyan made its first landfall . The area was devastated . "  I built a house there last year on an island outside of the city . I imagine everything is gone , " he says . His imagination may be right . "  It 's total damage -- 100 % damage , " Guiuan Mayor Christopher Gonzales has said . Almost all of the community 's 50,000 people were left homeless . "  Everything is gone , " said one resident . Talley is trying everything he can think of to make contact with Rose -- dialing all sorts of numbers in Guiuan , calling friends and contacts elsewhere in the Philippines , and using the online tools designed to help people find loved ones . So far , no luck . "  It hurts . It hurts badly , " he says . "  I 'm really worried for them . And if something has happened to my wife , the mother of my child , then who 's going to be there to look after my child ? I 'm going to lose contact with my daughter altogether . " Talley 's anguish is shared by thousands of others across the globe in the wake of Haiyan . With more than 2,000 people declared dead , more than 3,000 injured , and many more struggling without necessities , families around the world are in a state of desperation , praying for the best and fearing the worst . Faces of the storm But Talley , 40 , has another worry that few others can associate with . He was homeless at one point in his life , and "  grew up on the streets of Los Angeles . " "  That 's why I 'm so concerned for my child , " he says . "  I do n't want my child to have to live like I did . " In a CNN iReport , Talley -- a former firefighter -- asked anyone with a relief effort under way to take him along . "  I want to be there and aid in the relief efforts . Using the skills I possess to help injured , lost , and homeless ; as well as establish communications so that many can be informed of the well-being of their families , who are displaced in outlying areas . I need to be there for my family as well and will do all I can to make sure this happens . " But even if that were possible , Talley faces another big obstacle : the reason he 's in Tennessee . Talley suffers from ankle and knee injuries , and is awaiting a knee replacement . He 's been in Gallatin , just outside Nashville , for four months , working with his doctor and awaiting surgery . The ankle injury stems from 2008 , when he was working with the U.S. Bureau of Indian Affairs . He was part of its Division of Forestry and Wildland Fire Management . On one windy day , he was cutting down a tree in Whiteriver , Arizona . It fell onto his foot , shattering his ankle . Talley was unable to continue his job . He has received Supplemental Security Income ever since . He met his wife , now 41 , online . He traveled to the Philippines to meet her in person . She grew up poor , on an island where there 's a large coconut plantation . Members of her family were fishermen and farmers . When Talley met Rose , she worked as a cashier . They ended up getting married and combining their first names into one for their daughter , Wilrose . Talley built their small home , about 30 feet by 30 feet , out of concrete and hollow block . Two bedrooms , a bathroom , a kitchen , and a living room . Last year , he crashed his motorcycle and broke his knee -- on the same leg as the ankle injury , his right . Talley last spoke with Rose 11 days ago . "  I told her how much I missed her , and how much I love them and my baby , " he says . "  It 's terrible . I ca n't focus , " Talley adds . "  I go to the doctor today and I 'm going to tell him to give me a steroid shot and joint fluid because I know what I 'm going to have to do . I 'm going to have to make my way to the Philippines . "	William Talley 's wife and child were in Guiuan , where Haiyan made its first landfall Talley is trying everything he can think of to make contact with Rose , his wife He is concerned his 3-year-old might end up homeless , as he once was
CNN  -- A snowstorm that could last up to 18 hours was on its way to southern New England , and Boston , Massachusetts , could be snowed under with up to 15 inches , the National Weather Service said Sunday afternoon . A snowstorm is threatening parts of the Northeast with as much as 15 inches of snowfall . Monday 's commuters in the region could face a nightmare with blowing and drifting snow , freezing temperatures , gusty winds and periods of sleet . Flight delays and cancellations were likely , the weather service said . Boston Mayor Thomas Menino declared a snow emergency starting 10 p.m. Sunday in anticipation of the storm , CNN affiliate WCVB reported . Boston public schools will be canceled on Monday . At 2:15 a.m. Monday , light snow was starting to fall , WCVB reported . Winter storm warnings straddled Interstate 95 from Maine to the Carolinas , and they also were issued in parts of Georgia and Alabama . Delta Air Lines canceled 300 flights , most of them to or from Atlanta , because of snowy weather , spokesman Brian Kruse said Sunday . It was snowing in Atlanta , where Delta is based , and 2 to 4 inches was expected . David Spear , a spokesman for the Georgia Department of Transportation , expected traffic chaos . "  People tend to get a little animated out here at the sight of snow , " he told CNN . "  Our concern is going to be -- as we move into the evening hours and the temperature drops -- that that slush becomes ice and then we have a real situation for our morning commute tomorrow . " He said about 200 DOT trucks were deployed to help make roads safe for motorists . In northern Connecticut , southern New Hampshire and most of Rhode Island and Massachusetts , a winter storm warning was to be in effect from 9 p.m. Sunday to 5 p.m. Monday , the weather service said . Such a warning is issued when winter weather conditions are expected to make travel dangerous . As the storm continued its northward trek late Sunday , Greenville-Spartanburg International Airport in South Carolina was closed at 9 p.m. for snow removal from runways , according to the Federal Aviation Administration . Farther north , Richmond International Airport in Virginia was closed at 10:45 p.m. for the same reason , the FAA said . Both airports were expected to reopen before midnight . The heaviest snow , up to 15 inches , was forecast for the heavily populated I-95 corridor between Boston , Massachusetts , and Providence , Rhode Island , northeast Connecticut and north into the Merrimack Valley in northeast Massachusetts , the weather service said . As much as 3 inches per hour could fall between 10 p.m. Sunday and 10 a.m. Monday . In Washington , Mayor Adrian Fenty declared a snow emergency Sunday afternoon , meaning any street designated as "  snow emergency route " by signs would be cleared of any parked vehicles , towed if necessary , so snow plows could work unimpeded . Watch report on the storm system " "  It is important that our crews have access to the roads from curb-to-curb in order to plow the snow , " said Fenty , whose city was expected to get up to 8 inches of accumulation Sunday night and early Monday with accumulations up to 10 inches by Monday night . "  This is one of the first plow events we have had this season , and we want to ensure we are able to maintain clear and safe roadways as we move into Monday morning , " Fenty said . Forecasters said as many as 14 inches of snow could pile up in Philadelphia and New York City , starting Sunday night . Lesser amounts of snow were reported as far south as Alabama , although Charlotte , North Carolina , could see up to 8 inches . Watch snowfall in Georgia " In Memphis , Tennessee , CNN iReporter George Brown said Sunday that forecasters had predicted "  Teflon snow , " which would n't stick to the ground . But the snow that fell was much heavier , he said . iReport.com : Share photos of icy , snowy weather in your town "  We were getting an inch or more an hour , " he said . "  Some roads are impassable because the folks here are n't use to dealing with slick streets . Many cars are off the interstate , and hotels are packed , " Brown said . Watch winter storm cause accidents " Snow in Germantown , Tennessee , was more than 5 inches deep by Sunday afternoon , forecasters said . "  I talked with our maintenance director , Bill Hazlerig , who tells me he has n't seen snow like this in West Tennessee in many years , " Julie Oaks from the Tennessee Department of Transportation told CNN . Watch the situation in Tennessee " Tennessee called in 260 employees in the western portion of the state alone to salt and plow roadways through the night , she said . By Sunday afternoon , about 45 cars and semi-trailers had pulled over on the shoulder of Interstate 40 , Oaks said . Watch the snow come down in Memphis " Rebecca Horsley , an iReporter from Pelham , Alabama , near Birmingham , said snow began falling there Sunday at 6 a.m. , interfering with her planned birthday celebration . "  It looks like we may have to reschedule , " she said . CNN 's Sean Morris , Lee Garen and Chuck Johnston contributed to this report .	Winter storm warnings issued from New England south to Georgia , Alabama Washington declares snow emergency , could get 10 inches by Monday night Heavy snow could make for nightmarish Monday commute in parts of New England Snow falls in South ; Georgia-based Delta Airlines cancels 300 flights
Baltimore , Maryland  CNN  Protesters angry over the death of Freddie Gray got into physical altercations with police Saturday night in downtown Baltimore near the city 's famed baseball stadium . Some of the hundreds who confronted lines of police officers got into shoving matches with helmeted cops while other demonstrators threw objects . At least five police cars were damaged by people who smashed windows and jumped on them . Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said she was profoundly disappointed by the violence , adding that 95 % of the protesters were respectful but a "  small group of agitators intervened . " Twelve people were arrested , Police Commissioner Anthony Batts said . "  We continue to have a few isolated pockets of individuals causing disturbances . We are deploying resources to keep everyone safe , " the Baltimore Police Department tweeted . Fredericka Gray , the twin sister of Freddie Gray , made a statement : "  My family wants to say , ` Can y' all please , please stop the violence ? Freddie Gray would not want this . ' Freddie 's father and mother do not want any violence . Violence does not get justice . " Vandals broke and damaged storefront windows and trashed one 7-Eleven , police said . CNN crews observed a window damaged at a Michael Kors store and holes in one at a Subway restaurant . The skirmishes followed a planned demonstration over how police handled the arrest of Gray , a 25-year-old Baltimore man who suffered a spinal injury at some point after he was detained by police on April 12 . He died a week later . The numbers of protesters dissipated substantially just before sunset , though some people were still walking in the streets near Oriole Park at Camden Yards , causing some traffic problems . Earlier , demonstrators had marched through the streets until they arrived at City Hall . Along the way , whenever it appeared the protest might get out of control , organizers reined the marchers back in . The event ended after speeches at Baltimore City Hall on Saturday evening , but many protesters continued to vent their anger by marching down to Inner Harbor . When demonstrators got to the stadium , tensions escalated and some people threw what appeared to be water bottles and other objects at the cops , who wore helmets and stood behind metal barricades . Fans who were arriving to watch the hometown Orioles play the Boston Red Sox were having trouble finding ways to the entrance gates . The Orioles won the game 5-4 in extra innings . For a time it appeared that fans would be held inside the ballpark until the demonstration quieted , but the gates were opened before the contest was over . Throughout the day , protesters yelled , "  No justice , no peace " and "  All night , all day ; we 're gon na fight for Freddie Gray . " The police department used Twitter to update the public on the progress of the march . At City Hall , speakers demanded justice for the Gray family and an end to what they called police brutality against black suspects . At least one protest organizer had promised in advance that the event would be big enough to shut down the city , but while many people turned out and walked , the major disruption was only to traffic on a few streets . Gray died last Sunday . Protesters have marched since , outraged by the arrest , which was recorded on a bystander 's cell phone and the nature of Gray 's death . The witness said Gray was yelling and indicated he was having difficulty breathing . At some point after he was detained , he suffered a severe spinal cord injury . His family said his voice box was crushed and his neck snapped before he slipped into a coma and died . On Friday , police officials said that Gray should have received medical care at the site of his arrest and at other times as he was transported to a police station . The van carrying him stopped three times on its way to the station where he was to be booked , but when it arrived at the Western District officers called for an ambulance , which took him to a hospital . The questions investigators are looking into are : How and where did Gray suffer a severe spinal injury ? And are police liable for his death ? The preliminary work on his autopsy has been done , but the medical examiner 's office is waiting on toxicology results and may invite spinal experts to look at the case , authorities said . A full report may take 30 to 45 days . Batts told reporters on Friday there are no excuses for the fact that Gray was not buckled in as he was transported to a police station . He also said officers should have given Gray timely medical care "  multiple times . " Those comments upset members of the Baltimore Fraternal Order of Police . "  We are disappointed in the comments made yesterday by Commissioner Anthony Batts , and various members of his command staff , relative to the actions of the officers directly involved in the Gray investigation , " Gene Ryan , president of the organization said in a written statement . "  These comments appear to be politically driven and in direct contrast to the commissioner 's own request not to jump to any conclusions until the entire investigation is complete . " Police say five of the six officers involved in the arrest have provided statements to investigators . The sixth officer has invoked his right to refuse to answer questions , Batts said . A wake for Gray will be held Sunday , with a memorial service and funeral following on Monday . CNN 's Miguel Marquez reported from Baltimore . Steve Almasy reported and wrote in Atlanta . Vivian Kuo contributed to this article .	Twin sister of Freddie Gray asks for people to stop breaking things , scuffling with cops Fans are permitted to exit Camden Yards after briefly being told to stay put 12 people arrested during protests , police commissioner says
CNN  The popular image of wrestling may be of WWE superstars pretending to fight each other in luridly-colored spandex but Yogeshwar Dutt 's version of the sport has a much more earthy appeal . With a battle-worn face that wears the story a thousand bouts and more , the Indian freestyle wrestler has risen from the mud wrestling pits of rural India to produce moments of unscripted theater on crash mats around the world . Today , Dutt is warming up inside the Chaudhary Devi Lal Stadium complex tumbling across a padded floor in preparation for some training bouts overseen by his coach . The vast gymnasium in the town of Sonipat , a few miles north of New Delhi has become a center of excellence for Indian wrestling in recent times with the 32-year-old becoming one of the country 's most celebrated mat men . It might be easy to attribute his success -- Dutt is a double Commonwealth Games champion and an Olympic bronze medalist -- to his impressive , muscle-bound physique , but wrestling is n't just about throwing your weight around , he argues . It 's also requires brain power . "  Wrestling is very different compared to other sports . It requires equal use of power as well as equal use of mind , " Dutt told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  It is usually said that wrestlers do not have a sharp mind , but the wrestler  has to  use their brain really well ... you have to take a decision to attack or defend within a second . " The indoor facility he trains in is a world away from the traditional open-air mud wrestling pit -- called Akhada -- in his home village of Bhainswal Kalan . Dutt took up the sport when he was eight years old , learning an ancient form of wrestling called Pehlwani in the mud before switching to mats during his teenage years . During his time in the sport Dutt says wrestling 's popularity in India has surged . "  I have seen the difference of day and night . When I was small there was a mud pit wrestling area in my village and not a mat , " he says . "  There was no infrastructure and facilities when we used to wrestle , but today many have turned professional and now everyone wants to be an Olympic or World champion , " he added . "  The most important thing is wrestling was the game of the village and now it has reached the city . And now the people in the city like to play and see wrestling . " The sport 's growing profile has been aided by Dutt 's success and that of his contemporary Sushil Kumar , a former world champion and Olympic silver medalist . "  I 've known Sushil from the days I started going to the Akhada and we used to meet each other in national matches , " he said . "  We have been friends for the past 18 years . We have changed the mind set on wrestling in India with our friendship -- that is a really big thing . " While Kumar has enjoyed the more successful career to date , Dutt may now be entering a golden period . Last year was particularly fruitful as Dutt clinched a second Commonwealth Games title in Glasgow , Scotland in August before making history at the Asian Games the following month . When Dutt beat Tajikistan 's Zalimkhan Yusupov in the final of the 65 kg freestyle final in South Korea he ended an Indian wrestling drought , winning the country 's first gold medal at the Games in 28 years . It was an emotional moment for Dutt who dedicated the win to his father who died shortly before the 2006 Asian Games held in Doha , Qatar . "  It was my father 's dream that I wrestle for the country and make the name of the country proud , " Dutt said . Dutt 's recent good run might have come earlier had he not been plagued by injuries . His cauliflower ears are testament to a life spent grappling with opponents -- head , neck and back injuries have all sidelined him for extended periods . But it was injuries to his knees that have threatened to permanently derail his career . Tears to both the anterior and medial cruciate ligament of his right knee following the 2008 Beijing Olympics required two operations and 10 months out of the sport . Dutt completed a triumphant return to action in 2010 winning the Commonwealth Games title and won a bronze at the 2012 Olympics in London before another knee injury saw him sit out 2013 . "  There was lot of pressure on me that I have to win a medal in 2012 because you have a dream and if a man comes so close to his dream and then  fails  it is very painful . I go with a mind set that I have to win and if you win only then will the name of the country be known . " Achieving a podium at the Olympics -- India won just six medals in 2012 -- has earned Dutt a degree of personal fame in his homeland along with some other perks . In 2012 , his local government in Haryana awarded him cash and land following his Olympic success and the following year he was recognized on a national level when he was the recipient of a Padma Shri , India 's fourth highest civilian award . His sights are now firmly set on preparing for one final push for Olympic gold in Rio next year . "  Now that I have won gold at the Asian Games , I will try to win gold at the Olympics and dedicate it to my father , " he said .	Yogeshwar Dutt is an Indian wrestler who won bronze at the 2012 Olympics The 32-year-old has also won two Commonwealth Games gold medals Dutt began wrestling in traditional mud pits when he was eight Graduated to mats in his teens ; His success has helped raise profile of wrestling in India
Istanbul  CNN  -- Turkey is reacting angrily Tuesday to the French Senate 's approval of a law criminalizing the denial of genocide , including that of the Armenians at the end of the Ottoman Empire . "  Guillotine to History " and "  Guillotine to Thought , " blared the front pages of two Turkish newspapers . "  He massacred democracy , " announced another newspaper , Hurriyet , next to a front-page photo of French President Nicolas Sarkozy . In the run-up to Monday 's late-night vote in the French Senate , the Turkish government made no secret it was vehemently opposed to the French law , warning it could cause permanent harm to Franco-Turkish relations . The Turkish foreign ministry put out a pre-dawn statement condemning the law Tuesday . Later , however , Turkey 's hot-tempered prime minister surprised some observers , when he called for a "  period of patience " in a televised speech . "  A mistake was made ... history can not be judged or written by parliaments , " said Recep Tayyip Erdogan , in remarks before lawmakers from his ruling political party . Denouncing the French law as racist and a "  massacre of freedom of thought , " Erdogan added , "  We have not lost our hope yet that this mistake can be corrected . " The Turkish leader said his government would lobby for a petition of 60 French lawmaker signatures to block the law in France 's Constitutional Council . According to the French legislation , "  those who have publicly denied or trivialized crimes of genocide , " can face a year in prison and/or a 45,000-euro fine . The law does not specifically mention the World War I massacre of hundreds of thousands of ethnic Armenians by Ottoman Turks . But most of the seven-hour debate in the French Senate Monday focused on the memory of the Armenian genocide . Within minutes of the 127-86 vote in favor of the law in Paris , Armenia 's foreign minister issued a statement of gratitude that declared France "  a genuine defender of universal human values . " "  This day will be written in gold , " wrote Edward Nalbandian . Every year , Armenians around the world commemorate the 1915 slaughter of more than 1.2 million ethnic Armenians . The Turkish government rejects the term "  genocide " to refer to this dark and bloody chapter of history . Many Turkish politicians and historians argue Muslim Turks were also massacred by Armenian militias in the final days of the Ottoman Empire . Instead , Ankara expends significant political capital and issues threats in an attempt to block initiatives in the U.S. Congress to formally term the killings of Armenians as "  genocide . " The United Nations defines genocide as the killing of , injuring of , or displacing of members of a national , ethnic , racial or religious group with the intent to destroy the group . After the French lower house of parliament passed the genocide law in December , Turkey temporarily withdrew its ambassador from Paris and suspended military ties with France . Turkish politicians have warned of further sanctions against France if Sarkozy allows the new law to go into effect . But in an interview with CNN Monday , the head of the Turkish parliament 's foreign affairs committee deliberately avoided saying what those measures might be . "  There 's always ambiguity in politics and diplomacy , " said Volkan Bozkir . "  There will be some  measures  ... which will hurt France more than Turkey , " he warned . Turkey and France enjoyed more than $ 14 billion in bilateral trade last year . They are also partners in the NATO military alliance . CNN 's Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report from Paris	The French Senate passed a law criminalizing the denial of genocide Turkey says Muslim Turks were also massacred by Armenian militias Armenia 's foreign minister : "  This day will be written in gold "
