New York  CNN  -- The stage musical "  Spider-Man : Turn Off the Dark " will have new safety protocols when it reopens Wednesday night , following an accident in which a performer fell and suffered serious injuries during a preview , officials said . Christopher Tierney , 31 , is listed in serious condition , said Bellevue Hospital spokesman Steven Bohlen . Jonathan Dealwis , a tourist from New Zealand who was in the audience , said Tierney fell "  about 6 meters , " or about 20 feet , Monday night . Reeve Carney is the actor who plays Spider-Man , but nine people perform Spider-Man 's stunts when the character is masked , according to show spokesman Jaron Caldwell . Dealwis said the accident happened near the end of the show . "  Spider-Man was on a bridge , and Mary Jane was dangling from it , " Dealwis said . "  I think he was meant to sort of swoop over there , but he just fell off . ... The harness , you could see it just flick off his back and fly backward . " Afterward , Dealwis said , "  it just went black , and the producer came on and said we 're going to pause for a moment . You could hear Mary Jane weeping . " A producer then came out and said the show was over , Dealwis said . Some people "  clapped awkwardly , " and one girl "  laughed mockingly , " drawing "  disapproving glances " from others . Dealwis said the performer was wheeled away in a neck brace and was alert when he was taken to Bellevue Hospital . Rick Miramontez , another spokesman for the show , issued a statement confirming that the performer fell from a platform and the show was stopped . "  All signs were good as he was taken to the hospital for observation , " said Miramontez . Wednesday 's matinee performance was postponed after the incident , Miramontez said , but all subsequent performances will proceed as scheduled . The Spider-Man company met Tuesday with officials from the Occupational Safety and Health Administration , Actors Equity and the New York State Department of Labor to discuss additional safety protocols , he said . The new unspecified measures will be enacted immediately , he added . Show director Julie Taymor said the accident was "  obviously heartbreaking for our entire team and , of course , to me personally . " "  I am so thankful that Chris is going to be all right and is in great spirits , " Taymor said in a statement Tuesday . "  Nothing is more important than the safety of our Spider-Man family and we 'll continue to do everything in our power to protect the cast and crew . " The show , with music and lyrics by U2 's Bono and The Edge , is the most expensive in Broadway history , but production has been beset by cast injuries and technical problems . CNN 's John Roberts , Ethel Bass and Logan Burruss contributed to this report	NEW : Show 's director calls incident "  heartbreaking " Wednesday 's matinee performance has been postponed , a spokesman says 31-year-old Christopher Tierney is listed in serious condition The New York Fire Department says the man fell 20 to 30 feet
Sen. Rand Paul said Ebola is "  not like AIDS , " offering what he says is a stark contrast from the White House 's message on the disease . " -LSB- The Obama administration -RSB- has downplayed how transmissible it is , " Paul said in an interview with CNN on Thursday morning . "  They say it 's the exchange of bodily of fluids . Which makes people think , ` Oh , it 's like AIDS . It 's very difficult to catch . ' " "  If someone has Ebola at a cocktail party they 're contagious and you can catch it from them , " Paul continued . " -LSB- The administration -RSB- should be honest about that . " How the Ebola virus spreads The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention director Thomas Frieden said last week at a World Bank meeting in Washington that "  we have to work now so that this is not the world 's next AIDS . " Paul said he does n't fault administration officials from learning more information about the disease as time goes on . But he argued that downplaying Ebola 's health risks is the wrong course of action . "  They say all it takes is direct contact to get this , " he said . "  If you listen carefully , they say being three feet from someone is direct contact . That 's not what most Americans think is direct contact . Latest Ebola developments "  You start to wonder about a basic level of competence , " he said . Paul , who is widely believed to be considering a 2016 presidential run , touched on the race in the interview . When asked why Romney might be considering running , he said it was likely because of "  nostalgia . " "  But I think if you talk to Ann Romney you 'll get quite a different story , " he said . Complete coverage on Ebola	Rand Paul said in an interview with CNN that Ebola is "  not like AIDS . " He criticized the Obama administration for "  downplaying " the disease 's significance .
Video propaganda showing the White House and Congress being blown up . Talk of hitting U.S. bases in the Pacific . The renunciation of a 60-year-old armistice that has kept the tenuous peace on the Korean Peninsula . It seems barely a day passes without another North Korean threat , and coming after the December launch of a long-range rocket and a third nuclear test in February , the florid declarations from Pyongyang have gotten the attention of the United States and its allies . More : North Korea touts its human rights credentials So why now , and how nervous should you be ? Here are five things to consider . It 's an inside game ... Numerous analysts on both sides of the Pacific attribute the aggressive posture is part of an attempt by North Korea 's young leader Kim Jong Un to consolidate his power in the reclusive communist state founded by his grandfather . "  First and foremost , it 's for his domestic audience , " said Jasper Kim , founder of the Asia-Pacific Global Research Group in Seoul , South Korea . "  Because without the support of the military , he wo n't be around for much longer . And so he has to bolster his support with the brass . " That 's a tough sell for North Korea , "  where age matters , " he added . Kim is believed to be 29 . More : Kim Jong Un 's life Peter Hayes , director of the San Francisco-based Nautilus Institute , says there 's also a debate going on inside the North Korean leadership about the country 's future as a nuclear state . One side wants "  to be a nuclear-armed state that is able to behave like the recognized , legal nuclear weapons states and play their game and turn the tables on them , " Hayes said . "  That is , in my view , what is going on in the test and the rocket firing , " he said . "  The other policy current is associated with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the international faction of the Korean Worker 's Party , which is to negotiate our way out of this mess . " A recent statement from the foreign ministry declared that North Korea would not give up its nuclear "  sacred sword " as long as the United States remains hostile -- a conditional statement that signals Pyongyang may be willing to give up the bomb under the right circumstances , Hayes said . Analysis : What 's Kim Jong Un up to ? ... But the talk is bigger this time "  They say a lot of these kind of things , so there 's a tendency to treat it as the kind of stream of crazy you get from North Korea , " said Jeffrey Lewis , East Asia director at the California-based James Martin Center for Nonproliferation Studies . "  But this is not normal . It is more vitriolic . " A recent statement by a top North Korean general specifically talked of hitting Washington with a nuclear weapon in the event of war . "  That 's a pretty direct threat , " Lewis said . More : Timeline of North Korea 's threats The North Korean rhetoric ramped up after the February 12 nuclear test and the U.N. sanctions that followed . Meanwhile , Victor Cha , director of Asian Studies at Georgetown University and former director for Asian affairs at the National Security Council , told CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria GPS " that North Korea has carried out some sort of military provocation within 14 weeks of every South Korean presidential inauguration since 1992 . South Korean President Park Geun-hye took office on February 25 , "  so start the clock , " he said . "  What is not normal is that the backdrop for this is about a year of very unpredictable behavior by a new leadership , and a sequence of provocations that is more concentrated over a period of time than we have seen in the last 20 years , " he said . "  So in that context , although to the average listener these threats may seem like it 's just the North Koreans firing their mouths off again , for those of us that look at this more closely this is a little bit different -- and more concerning . " Their nukes are n't useful ... yet Most observers say Pyongyang is still years away from having the technology to deliver a nuclear warhead on a missile . While its scientists managed to lob a small satellite into space in December , putting a working device atop a missile , launching it and hitting a target with it is vastly more complicated , Hayes said . More : Nuclear weapons : Who has what But Lewis , who also runs the Arms Control Wonk blog , said the North Koreans may have tried to "  skip a step " with its early bomb tests and build one small enough to fit on a missile . That might explain why its first two were relatively unsuccessful . "  I think it 's plausible to think that they have a warhead design in which they are confident that 's under 1,000 kilograms  2,200 pounds  -- still not as small as you need to put on a missile and launch it to the U.S. , but closer than they were a couple of years ago , " he said . And while Washington has n't come out and said it , Lewis said the March 15 announcement that the Pentagon will deploy additional ground-based missile interceptors on the West Coast may signal that the North Koreans have deployed a long-range missile they put on display at a parade in 2012 . Lewis said the announcement was "  mostly for show , " but could reflect real U.S. concerns about those missiles . "  If you 're going to spend $ 1 billion to deploy interceptors , they ought to come right out and say it , " he said . But nukes are n't everything North Korea also has plenty of conventional military firepower , including medium-range ballistic missiles that can carry high explosives for hundreds of miles , as well as thousands of cannons , rocket launchers and tanks massed across the Demilitarized Zone that separates North and South . Seoul is within range of many of those weapons , and the North has threatened before to turn the southern capital into a "  sea of fire . " A North Korean bombardment could kill tens of thousands of people in Seoul before South Korean and U.S. retaliation could smash those guns , Hayes said . But that would essentially launch a new Korean War -- one he said would end badly for the long-impoverished North . "  They have less than 30 days of fuel and no ability to refuel , " he said . "  They 've got to fight a very short war before they 're just walking to where they 're going to fight . " Pyongyang keeps its forces massed on the DMZ "  precisely because they 're weak , " he said . There are other avenues . When computers at South Korean banks and broadcasters began to crash on Wednesday , suspicion initially fell on the North . South Korea has accused the North of similar hacking attacks before , including incidents in 2010 and 2012 that also targeted banks and media organizations . Adam Segal , a cybersecurity expert with the Council on Foreign Relations , said the hacking is consistent with previous North Korean actions . Threats of annihilation normal for South Koreans So now what ? For years , Pyongyang has made deals to curtail its nuclear and missile work in exchange for economic aid . Those deals have fallen apart when the North went on to conduct other tests . The six-party talks among the North , its Asian neighbors and the United States fizzled in 2007 , and the North 's first attempt at a satellite launch scotched a previous U.S. plan to trade hundreds of thousands of tons of food for a halt to weapons work . "  I think the problem right now is that you can not engage them directly after they have done a series of ballistic missile and nuclear tests , and we are going into a period of sanctions now through the U.N. Security Council resolution , " Cha said . "  They do n't want to give up their nuclear weapons . They want to be able to have their cake and eat it , too . And U.S. policy for the past quarter-century has been these things are all on the table if you are willing to give up your nuclear weapons , " he said . "  And so this is the problem . This is the dilemma right now . " Meanwhile , the United States is going ahead with joint U.S.-South Korean military exercises amid the North Korean threats , adding a special little twist -- overflights by massive B-52 bombers . It 's a move reminiscent of the worst days of the Cold War , and one Hayes called "  tactically smart but strategically stupid . " "  The North Koreans will have noted it for what it is -- an affirmation of the fact that we 're playing the nuclear game with North Korea , and that 's the last thing we want to do , " he said . "  I think our posture is either to persuade ourselves that we 're hanging tough , which is a domestic game in Washington , or to reassure our allies and dissuade South Korea from going it alone with nuclear weapons . " But both Hayes and Lewis said there 's little to lose by continuing to engage the North . "  We do what we can on defense , and if the North Koreans want to bargain or haggle , I 'm prepared to do that , " Lewis said . READ MORE : 5 ways North Korea is getting stranger READ MORE : Angry over U.N. inquiry , North Korea touts its human rights credentials READ MORE : North Korea warns that U.S. bases in Guam , Japan are within range READ MORE : North Korea declares 1953 armistice invalid	North Korea conducted a nuclear test in February Aggressive statements by Kim Jong Un have followed Some analysts think the declarations are more for his own country
CNN  -- Still concerned about some faceless government bureaucrat peeking at your e-mails and other online communications ? Well , you 've got a new champion : Microsoft . The computing giant has announced a set of new privacy features , in a post that specifically calls out "  government snooping " as the reason . Responding to news reports that the National Security Agency may be monitoring more online activity than was previously believed , Microsoft attorney and executive vice president Brad Smith wrote that the company is rolling out three new features : -- Expanded encryption across Microsoft services . -- Reinforced legal protections for customer data . -- Enhanced transparency designed to show customers that Microsoft products do n't have "  back doors " that make government surveillance easier . "  Like many others , we are especially alarmed by recent allegations in the press of a broader and concerted effort by some governments to circumvent online security measures -- and in our view , legal processes and protections -- in order to surreptitiously collect private customer data , " Smith wrote in the post published late Wednesday . " ... If true , these efforts threaten to seriously undermine confidence in the security and privacy of online communications . Indeed , government snooping potentially now constitutes an ` advanced persistent threat , ' alongside sophisticated malware and cyber attacks . " Just over a month ago , a Washington Post report said the NSA can tap into overseas data links to collect millions of text , video and audio records from tech giants like Google and Yahoo every day . The NSA denied that report . NSA spying claims : Five things you need to know Wednesday 's post says Microsoft launched "  a comprehensive engineering effort " to enhance encryption on communications via tools like e-mail service Outlook , productivity suite Office 365 , SkyDrive and Windows Azure . Data sent between customers and Microsoft is now encrypted by default , meaning messages will be garbled during transition so they become useless to anyone who may intercept them between the sender and intended recipient . All messages traveling between Microsoft servers will be added . Some changes went into effect immediately , and all will be active by the end of 2014 , Smith wrote . "  While we have no direct evidence that customer data has been breached by unauthorized government access , we do n't want to take any chances and are addressing this issue head on , " the post said . In recent months , some of tech 's biggest players have been pushing back against perceived government intrusions . In September , CEOs Mark Zuckerberg of Facebook and Marissa Mayer of Yahoo took to the stage at the TechCrunch Disrupt conference to condemn government surveillance of private citizens online . Microsoft 's move follows Google and Yahoo , both of which have stepped up encryption of users ' data in light of reports about the NSA . In a blog post last month announcing the new protections , Mayer wrote that "  Yahoo has never given access to our data centers to the NSA or any other government agency . Ever . "	Microsoft rolls out new encryption protections for customers ' data Blog post cited the possibility of "  government snooping " Yahoo and Google have made similar moves to block NSA from accessing info Encryption makes intercepted messages harder to understand
CNN  -- Eleven members of Greenpeace pleaded not guilty to federal charges after they were arrested for hanging a banner on South Dakota 's Mount Rushmore Wednesday to protest global warming as the G-8 summit in Italy begins . Greenpeace says it does not think its 2,275-square-foot sign will damage Mount Rushmore 's structure . "  America honors leaders not politicians : stop global warming , " reads the 2,275-square-foot sign . Twelve protesters were arrested , but one was released after questioning . The others appeared before a federal magistrate Wednesday afternoon and received citations for illegal climbing and trespassing , according to federal prosecutors . Each person faces a maximum of six months in prison and possibly up to a $ 5,000 fine . The charged protesters came from eight states , including California and New York . The banner was up for an hour before it was seized . The National Park Service is holding it as evidence , authorities said . Watch tourists react to the protest " Some of the demonstrators breached a controlled area and got to the top of the monument , Mount Rushmore spokeswoman Patty Rooney told CNN . Greenpeace , a nonprofit organization that supports environmental causes , said the sign is part of a global day of action to urge world leaders at the G-8 summit to make global warming a priority and to take the actions necessary to stop climate change . "  We are at a key moment in history when we must challenge our president to take real leadership , " said Carroll Muffet , deputy campaign director for Greenpeace . "  The steps taken so far have been frankly inadequate . If President Obama wants to take his place among the great leaders of history , he must take aggressive measures to combat climate change and prioritize a strong deal in Copenhagen , " Muffet said in a statement . "  We 're here at Mount Rushmore to inspire Americans to take action , and remind the world that heroism and leadership are part of our nation 's history -- and must be a part of our future , " Muffet said . Watch how sense of urgency over climate change has dissipated at the G-8 summit " The G-8 meeting , which includes leaders from the world 's most industrialized nations , is taking place in L'Aquila , Italy . Rooney said the monument will be assessed for any structural damage . She said a security system alerted park staff to the protest at midday . Greenpeace acknowledged the protest is illegal and dangerous , but said it does not believe the sign damaged the solid granite structure . The Mount Rushmore National Memorial features a carving of former U.S. presidents George Washington , Thomas Jefferson , Theodore Roosevelt and Abraham Lincoln . Nearly 3 million people visit the site every year . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	NEW : 11 get citations for illegal climbing , trespassing for sign on Mount Rushmore Greenpeace : Sign meant to urge G-8 summit attendees to address climate change "  America honors leaders not politicians : stop global warming , " sign says Protesters breached controlled area , reached top of monument , spokeswoman says
London , England  CNN  -- Theirs was a royal love affair immortalized in diamonds and gold . Now , more than 70 years after England 's King Edward abdicated the throne to marry Wallis Simpson , some of the couple 's jewels are coming up for sale . Sotheby 's announced plans to auction 20 items that were owned by the couple in London in November . The items include 11 pieces by Cartier , some of which are estimated at more than 1 million pounds  $ 1.5 million  each . "  The offering comprises not only incomparable examples of the genius of Cartier in collaboration with the Windsors , but also pieces whose inscriptions tell the story of perhaps the greatest love story of the 20th century , the romance that led Edward VIII to abdicate the throne of Great Britain , " said David Bennett , the chairman of Sotheby 's Jewelry in Europe and the Middle East . The couple commissioned jewels from the great European jewelry houses during their courtship in the 1930s and after they were married , Sotheby 's said . Cartier was one of their favored jewelers , and the company 's high jewelry director Jeanne Toussaint created some of her best work just for the couple , who came to be known as the Duke and Duchess of Windsor . One of the pieces she created was an onyx and diamond bracelet in the form of an elongated panther . Designed in 1952 , the bracelet was among the finest of Toussaint 's "  great cats " jewels and is in the sale at an estimated 1-1 .5 million pounds . Also up for sale is a diamond flamingo brooch with feathers of rubies , sapphires and emeralds , and a beak of citrine . The brooch , also estimated between 1 and 1.5 million pounds , was the showpiece of an earlier sale of the couple 's jewels , held in Geneva in 1987 . All the items up for auction in November belonged to a single owner , but Sotheby 's did not disclose their identity . Edward had been on the throne for just 11 months when he decided to give up the crown in December 1936 to marry Simpson , an American divorcee . He chose to abdicate because , as supreme governor of the Church of England , he was not permitted to marry a divorced woman . The abdication speech he gave Dec. 11 , 1936 , revealed his love for the woman who would later become his wife . "  I have found it impossible to carry the heavy burden of responsibility and to discharge my duties as king , as I would wish to do , without the help and support of the woman I love , " Edward said . The auction includes a favorite bracelet of Simpson 's , made of diamonds and supporting nine gem-set Latin crosses -- each with an intimate inscription on the back , Sotheby 's said . The crosses represent special moments in her life , including her marriage and the assassination attempt against the king . A heart-shaped brooch of rubies and diamonds was commissioned for the couple 's 20th wedding anniversary and features the initials W.E. -- for Wallis and Edward -- in emeralds on the front . Cartier also created a six-piece diamond-encrusted dress suite in 1935 , with inscriptions on the back . One piece is a gift Simpson gave to her husband -- an 18-carat gold and gem-set cigarette case , engraved with a map of Europe . It shows the routes of trips they had taken together and has gems marking meaningful locations . The inscription reveals it was a Christmas present in 1935 . Other items in the sale include a purse made by Van Cleef and Arpels of gold mesh , rubies , turquoise and diamonds , and a series of silver items and medals once owned by Edward .	Sotheby 's announces plans to auction 20 items that were owned by the couple Items include 11 pieces by Cartier , Some of the pieces are estimated at more than $ 1.5 million each .
CNN  -- Heavy rains doused most of a wildfire that had damaged more than 35 buildings near the Tennessee resort town of Pigeon Forge , allowing authorities Monday to take firefighters off the line . Only five acres were still burning Monday evening , Tennessee Emergency Management Agency Director James Bassham told CNN affiliate WATE . A small crew remained in the area to monitor hot spots , the station said . Earlier , authorities had evacuated more homes as high winds fanned the wildfire and caused problems for helicopters sent in to help fight the flames . Authorities were evacuating more residents as the fire threatened 15 to 20 homes in the Priscilla Heights area of Sevier County , Tennessee , Dean Flener of the Tennessee Emergency Management Agency said . About 150 people were evacuated Sunday and the American Red Cross opened a shelter at the Pigeon Forge Community Center . Hotels are also allowing residents to stay for free , Flener said . About 20 fire departments had been fighting the fire , which had burned 260 acres , authorities said . "  Propane tanks have been exploding , " Pigeon Forge Fire Chief Tony Watson said Sunday . "  It 's been real dangerous . " The blaze started as a house fire , he said . "  It looks like somebody just went through there and just dropped a bomb on the place , " Shannon McCostlin told WATE . "  I feel bad for them people . " The area is home to rental cabins with some permanent residences . Pigeon Forge , in eastern Tennessee , is best known for singer Dolly Parton 's theme park , Dollywood , which was not affected by the fire . Positioned on the edge of the Great Smoky Mountains , the area also is popular with outdoors enthusiasts and has a wide variety of other attractions , including music theaters , outlet malls , go-kart tracks and miniature golf courses . CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	NEW : Rain helps put out most of wildfire near resort town in eastern Tennessee NEW : Firefighters have been able to leave , as just a few hot spots remain About 20 fire departments had been battling the blaze , which started Sunday as a house fire Fire charred more than 35 buildings , turned propane tanks into shrapnel
CNN  The announcement that Kayla Mueller , the 26-year-old held by ISIS , has been killed has thrust the question of how -- and whether -- to negotiate with extremists back into the spotlight . Mueller 's grace , demonstrated in the letter she wrote to her family while being held by the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , was inspiring . And although the letter was clearly written under duress , that duress could not diminish the strength and beauty of her spirit . I 'm thankful that I found out about her , but I 'm also angry at how I did . I am , of course , not alone in being outraged by ISIS ' recent spate of hostage-taking and executions . And that raises another interesting question : Is ISIS miscalculating ? It goes without saying that the so-called Islamic State is no more about Islam than the Nazis were about Christianity . They are about self-aggrandizement and shocking sensationalism . They are commodities dealers . They trade human beings for money , weapons and most importantly , publicity . But ISIS found themselves in over their heads with the reaction in the Middle East to how they murdered Moath al-Kasasbeh , the Jordanian pilot -- burning him alive in a cage . Previously , the group had been successful at using its murder videos for recruitment -- every outcast in the world seemed a little jealous of the masked miscreant nicknamed "  Jihadi John . " In contrast , al-Kasasbeh 's death brought down swift and powerful condemnation of ISIS and its tactics from across the Muslim world . Yet even as ISIS were broadcasting video of the pilot 's killing , they were also trying to figure out how to deal themselves out of the situation they found themselves in with Mueller . After all , holding a Western female humanitarian aid worker is a delicate negotiation , even for the seasoned commodities dealers that ISIS have become . Indeed , there was a similar episode back in 2004 , when the group 's mentors , al Qaeda in Iraq , held humanitarian aid worker Margaret Hassan . The courageous Hassan was ultimately murdered by her captors , but the backlash to her death was also swift . There is , simply , no good way to spin murdering a woman who is n't your enemy , who has done you no harm and who has actually done a great deal of good for those in a region you profess to represent . And spin is what this is all about ; if there is the potential for good publicity , then there is also the potential for some very bad publicity . So what do the opportunistic serial killers masquerading behind masks and a religion do ? They see the Jordanian retaliation as an opportunity to rid themselves of a commodity they do n't know what to do with . But the idea that a Jordanian bomb would somehow kill only a hostage and none of their oddball lot is ridiculous . And reading between the carefully worded statements by the White House , it is clear that our government is not buying this story that ISIS peddled , either . But what should our government be doing now ? For a start , it must recognize that this battle is not just on the ground , it 's three-dimensional . ISIS is telling us they care very deeply about their PR , otherwise they would n't work so hard at it . But it is also important to realize that the most dangerous negotiation is the one you do n't know you 're in . With that in mind , we should remember that ISIS started negotiating with the world with their first video -- they just do n't want you to know that 's what they 're doing . Instead , they hope the debates veer off into a debate over whether this is a conflict of Muslim versus Christian . And every single time anyone in the Western world wonders publicly why Arab nations are n't being more vocal in condemning ISIS , we play into their hands . Whatever validity you think that argument has , it 's hard not to feel a little uncomfortable that we are even engaging in the very debate and discussion that the enemy wants us to . And on the issue of hostage taking specifically ? After about a year of slowly getting familiar with the United States government 's actual policy on kidnapping , our policy implementers are finding out that it is actually quite good . The policy says , in essence , that we 're not afraid to talk to anybody . Nor should we be . President John F. Kennedy once said we should never negotiate out of fear , yet we should never fear to negotiate . I 'd suggest taking that principle one step further : We do n't negotiate with terrorists . We negotiate against them .	Christopher Voss : ISIS is about self-aggrandizement and sensationalism ISIS trades human beings for money , weapons and publicity , Voss says
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- An autopsy on the body of Donda West , mother of hip-hop mogul Kanye West , was inconclusive pending the results of toxicology tests , a spokesman for the Los Angeles County Coroner said Tuesday . Ed Winter said preliminary reports indicated that West , 58 , may have died from complications from cosmetic surgery . Beverly Hills plastic surgeon Jan Adams said he performed cosmetic surgery on her Friday at a surgical center . West died Saturday evening after she was found unresponsive and in respiratory distress at her home , Winter said . "  She was taken to Centinela Freeman Regional Medical Center in Marina del Rey , " he said . "  Efforts to preserve her life were unsuccessful . She was pronounced dead at 8:28 p.m. " A funeral for West is scheduled for November 20 , a representative for Kanye West said . Watch latest on the death of Donda West " Adams told TMZ.com that he performed a tummy tuck and breast reduction on West last week and that her death was unforeseen . But another Beverly Hills cosmetic surgeon said he had recently refused to perform a procedure on West until she had a medical clearance for a condition he feared could lead to a heart attack . "  The preliminary information we had indicated that she had several minor medical issues , " Winter said , "  but I ca n't comment on those . " He also said she was taking medications , but could not comment on which ones and in what dosages pending the toxicology reports . Winter also said West was in good condition before the surgery and that investigators are talking with Adams about the surgery . He did not say when the results of the toxicology tests would be available . Adams told TMZ.com that West 's death could have been caused by a heart attack , pulmonary embolism or massive vomiting . He said he consulted with her for months and she changed her mind several times about going forward with the surgery , TMZ.com said . TMZ.com , like CNN , is owned by Time Warner . Adams later released a statement through his publicist expressing his "  deepest condolences to the West family at a very difficult time " but declined further comment . "  As a medical doctor practicing in this field , I hold sacred the bond of confidentiality that exists between a patient and doctor , " he said . "  Out of respect for the West family and in the absence of other verifiable information , any comment from me without first discussing that information with the family would be unprofessional . " Adams is the television host of Discovery Health 's "  Plastic Surgery : Before and After . " According to his biography on Discovery.com -- which has been removed from the Web site -- Adams is also the author of "  Everything Women of Color Should Know About Cosmetic Surgery . " He graduated from Harvard University , attended Ohio State University College of Medicine and studied plastic surgery at the University of Michigan . On Monday , Beverly Hills cosmetic surgeon Andre Aboolian said through his publicist that Donda West consulted him in June about a procedure . Publicist Jo-Ann Geffen said West contacted Aboolian again two weeks ago to say she was ready to go forward , but Aboolian said he needed a medical clearance before he would perform the surgery . "  I always insist on a medical clearance for women over 40 , and in this instance it was particularly important because of a condition she had that I felt could have led to a heart attack , " Aboolian said , according to Geffen 's statement . Geffen said West was scheduled to see an internist for the appropriate tests , but did not keep the appointment . Donda West was a major influence on her son 's life , as the music producer-singer-songwriter has often said -- including in lyrics to some of his songs . She regularly attended her son 's concerts , and was at his performance at the MTV Video Music Awards in September . Earlier this year , she released a book she co-authored called "  Raising Kanye : Life Lessons From the Mother of a Hip-Hop Superstar . " West retired from her post as professor and chair of the English Department at Chicago State University in 2004 to become her son 's manager , according to the Kanye West Foundation Web site . She also became CEO of Super Good , the parent company of Kanye West Enterprises . In Kanye West 's song "  Ca n't Tell Me Nothing , " a track from his latest album , "  Graduation , " he rhymes about her attempt to discourage him from spending money on jewelry . On "  Touch the Sky , " from his 2005 album , "  Late Registration , " he recalls how his mother drove him from Chicago to New York in a U-Haul van . Donda West was also the inspiration for the song "  Hey Mama . " A statement issued late Monday from "  Kanye West , his family and friends " thanked "  everyone for the outpouring of support " and asked that in lieu of flowers , donations be made to the Kanye West Foundation , which Donda West co-founded with her son . West , who is in Europe preparing for a tour of the continent , will remain overseas until next week , when he will return for the funeral , the representative said . The tour has been postponed . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Karen Bonsignore , K.J. Matthews and Lola Ogunnaike contributed to this report .	LA County coroner : West , 58 , may have died from cosmetic surgery complications Coroner also says West was in good condition before surgery Surgeon expresses condolences , declines further comment , citing confidentiality Funeral for mother of hip-hop mogul Kanye West will be November 20
CNN  -- Longtime fliers know that look : It 's coming from the flight attendant who has already labeled you a Difficult Passenger . Maybe you 're taking up too much space in the overhead bins or want to visit the bathroom while people are still boarding . Or you wo n't shut off your cell phone the first time he or she asks . Or maybe you 're not doing anything at all . As 109 high school seniors and chaperones learned Monday morning , flight attendants have the power to remove passengers from a flight if they 're not following directions -- or if they think you 're not . Many commenters on CNN.com 's Facebook page blamed the students . "  The flight crew should not have to tell you to turn your phone off and sit down , " wrote one commenter . "  I support the crew and making a safe flight for the rest of the passengers . " Wrote another : "  Sounds like a lot of bratty kids would not do as asked . You need to do as instructed the first time . End of story . " Boarding is not the time to stand out on an airplane . How safe is your carry-on bag ? What 's a flier to do ? CNN.com asked some consumer air travel experts for their advice for avoiding any conflict with the flight attendants who are  mostly  trying to get you to your destination . Before trouble starts , here are their suggestions for making your journey smoother . Show some kindness . Try starting your boarding process by saying "  Good morning " or "  Hello " as you would your co-worker or your child 's teacher -- and you might stand out as a courteous traveler . Flight attendants deal with every personality under the sun , and not everyone is polite to them . They are human beings who could save your life in a dangerous situation . Aviation blogger Johnny "  Jet " DiScala always greets his flight attendants when boarding and sometimes even gives them a box of chocolates . "  Right away , they say ` Thank you so much , ' " he said . "  Most of them are very appreciative because no one is nice to these guys . " Follow directions . "  It 's easy , " says consumer blogger Chris Elliott . "  You keep your head down and do exactly what the flight attendants say without questioning them . " That means putting your carry-on bags away , sitting down , buckling up and turning off your electronic devices , maybe even before anyone says so . If they do n't have to worry about you , they will pay attention to others . Boarding is not the time to argue your hypothesis about cell phone interference with an airplane 's navigation equipment . Wait till your WiFi-enabled plane reaches 10,000 feet to write e-mails to the Federal Aviation Administration or the Federal Communications Commission , which make the rules about electronics on flights . Creative takes on in-flight entertainment Do n't smell . There are other ways to get kicked off a plane . You might not be able to control your children . You might not be able to handle your own luggage . Your food might be stinking up the aircraft . You -- yes , you -- might smell . "  Shower before you board , try not to have any special needs , like luggage that needs to be lifted into the overhead compartments , and do n't fly with a screaming baby or fidgety toddler . All of those things can be grounds for getting removed from a flight before takeoff , " says Elliott . "  But mostly , do n't give your flight attendants any lip . " Educate your children in advance . Whether your child is 5 or 15 , parents need to prepare them for the rules they have to follow while at an airport or on an airplane . It 's good for younger children to practice clearing security , buckling their seat belts , turning off their electronics and tucking their things under the seat in front of them . If they do it as soon as they board the aircraft , no flight attendant will see them as potential rule violators . How do you stay out of trouble and ensure a good ride on an airplane ? Please share your thoughts in the comments section below .	Greet flight attendants politely with a "  Good morning " or "  Hello " Put away your gear , buckle up and stow your electronics quickly Train your children about the rules of flight before they board an airplane
CNN  Italian fashion designer Stefano Gabbana and Elton John are in a war of words on social media , calling for boycotts of each other 's work . The argument stems from comments about in-vitro fertilization in Panorama magazine , in which Gabbana and longtime collaborator Domenico Dolce spoke about "  synthetic " children born from "  rented " wombs . "  No chemical children : life has a natural course , there are things that should n't be modified , " the magazine says in a quote attributed to both designers . The magazine also promises insights from the designers on "  the importance of relationships within conventional families with very , very traditional values " in an interview that hit Italian newsstands last week . John , who has two children with husband David Furnish through IVF , issued a strong repudiation of the statements on Sunday and pledged to boycott the Dolce & Gabbana fashion line . In response , Gabbana defended his "  freedom to speak " and called on fans to boycott John . Sir Elton appears to be winning the social media war with the hashtag #BoycottDolceGabbana , which by Monday morning had been used more than 35,000 times on Twitter since John invoked it on Sunday . By comparison , Gabbana 's #boycotteltonjohn has been used just 1,600 times on Twitter , according to social media search tool Topsy . "  How dare you refer to my beautiful children as ` synthetic ' . And shame on you for wagging your judgemental little fingers at IVF - a miracle that has allowed legions of loving people , both straight and gay , to fulfill their dream of having children , " John said Sunday on Instagram . "  Your archaic thinking is out of step with the times , just like your fashions . I shall never wear Dolce and Gabbana ever again . " The sentiment quickly gathered support from such celebrities as Ricky Martin , Al Roker and Courtney Love . Tennis star Martina Navratilova tweeted her support for John 's post , saying "  My D&G shirts are going in the bin -- do n't want ANYONE to wear them . " Parents and IVF advocates also joined the boycott . "  My son is NOT synthetic . His life was made possible through #IVF & I could n't be more grateful , " writer and infertility advocate Jenn Palumbo said in a tweet . The comments from Dolce and Gabbana struck some as hypocritical coming from a couple that was romantically involved until 2005  they continued working together after the breakup  . Still , Gabbana has dropped hints in interviews of his "  traditional " views toward family structure . He told an Italian publication in 2006 that he once asked a female friend to be a surrogate mother because he was "  opposed to the idea of a child growing up with two gay parents . " Gabbana was quick to react to this controversy , calling John a "  fascist " in an Instagram comment that was later deleted , according to CNN affiliate TGCom24 . He also sought to discredit reports that they told Panorama in this instance they objected to same-sex adoption , even though Gabbana took that position in his 2006 interview . By Sunday evening , Gabbana 's Instagram feed was full of screengrabs and reposts from people who supported his right to voice his opinion . "  It 's a shame that you are not allowed to say what you like , " one person said in a comment on Gabbana 's Instagram . "  You have every right to say what you want , especially as you were n't disrespectful nor immature like Elton was . His comments are unnecessary , cheap and childish . " Gabbana issued a statement saying he and Dolce had not intended to judge others . "  We firmly believe in democracy and the fundamental principle of freedom of expression that upholds it . We talked about our way of seeing reality , but it was never our intention to judge other people 's choices , " the statement read . Dolce also defended his views in statement and said he was not applying them to other people . "  I 'm Sicilian and I grew up in a traditional family , made up of a mother , a father and children . I am very well aware of the fact that there are other types of families and they are as legitimate as the one I 've known . But in my personal experience , family had a different configuration ... I was talking about my personal view , without judging other people 's choices and decisions , " the statement read . CNN 's Alba Prifti contributed to this report .	Elton John vows to #BoycottDolceGabbana over in-vitro fertilization comments Stefano Gabbana defends his "  freedom to speak "
CNN  -- Ingrid Betancourt says death was her "  everyday companion " during the six years she was a hostage of a leftist rebel group in Colombia . Recently freed FARC hostage Ingrid Betancourt tells Larry King that her captivity was "  hell . " "  I really could n't even imagine that I was taking the road for seven years , " she told CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " "  For me , I thought perhaps it could last for three months at the most . I could n't imagine what was going to come . " Betancourt , who has French and Colombian citizenship , was campaigning for the Colombian presidency when the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia abducted her in 2002 . She was rescued July 2 in an elaborately planned ruse that hoodwinked FARC captors into giving up Betancourt and 14 other hostages including three American contractors . She spoke to King Tuesday from Paris , France . "  In a way , I thought that -LSB- the rebels -RSB- knew what my struggle was , " she said . "  I thought they were wanting perhaps something like the things I was fighting for . I was fighting for social justice . I was fighting against corruption . " Watch Betancourt describe life in the jungle " During the interview , Betancourt talked very slowly and appeared weary . She explained that it had been a long and arduous week . Her kidnapping was swift and it was hard for her at first to comprehend going from a free person to a prisoner , she said . Have a question for Betancourt ? Ask it here "  You are a free woman and then you become a prisoner and you receive all kinds of orders . Sit here , stand there . That 's it , " she said . "  You just , you do n't have the possibility of even moving to take your bag without asking for permission . " Betancourt 's campaign for Colombia 's presidency was built on her promise to curb drug trafficking and FARC 's methods of kidnapping innocent people . She met with FARC leaders , imploring them , "  No more kidnapping . " "  I thought that perhaps we had that common ground . I was mistaken . I did n't understand that they think completely different . "  If you do n't work with them , if you 're not one of the members of that club , you are an enemy , " she added . "  I did n't know I was their enemy , but I was . " Background : A closer look at FARC " Betancourt said she knew her captors had orders to kill her if a rescue operation was launched . "  I lived for nearly seven years with the awareness that death was my everyday companion , " she said . Medical care was nonexistent , she said , and even day-to-day activities were difficult . "  I was the only woman in a camp with other men , " she said . "  Everything for me was difficult . Bathing , changing myself , I was always late for everything . " The rebels ' response to her lateness : "  They scream . That was every day life . " She said after being freed she immediately noticed one thing about her life was drastically different -- she was no longer constantly scratching herself , bombarded by bugs and insects . "  You know , it was hell . It was hell for the body , it was hell for the soul , it was hell for the mind ... everything was so horrible , " she said . "  We had all kinds of pains . " "  In a week , the difference of going from this life to that life ... " Betancourt answered nearly all questions , but she would not discuss Emmanuel , the child born in captivity to her running mate , Clara Rojas -- who was captured along with her -- or whether she was sexually abused . "  I think that many things that happened in the jungle we have to leave in the jungle , " she said . Rojas was released earlier this year . Rebels took Emmanuel from his mother about a year after his birth in 2004 , delivering him to a farmer who posed as an uncle and had the boy placed in foster care in Bogota , where he remained until being reunited with his mother after her release . Betancourt also would not detail the punishment she endured after a failed escape attempt . "  Oh , that was horrible , " she said before telling King that she was "  not ready for that . " "  I do n't want to fill myself with those memories , " she said . But the worst thing that happened to her , she said , was "  realizing that mankind , that human beings can be so horrible to other human beings . " Despite her nightmare , Betancourt said she harbors no hatred for FARC rebels . "  It 's like a kind of position I took many years ago that when I was released I would n't take out of the jungle any kind of bitterness or any kind of eagerness to seek for revenge , anything of that , " she said . "  And now that I 'm out , I feel that I am like in another land . It seems so far and people seem so alien to me . "  I do n't want to forget but I want to forgive . " Betancourt 's release was greeted with an outpouring of joy in France , with politicians and media praising the woman who had become a cause celebre in the country where she grew up . She was given a clean bill of health last week despite reports that she had suffered chronic liver problems for years while in captivity . She walked on her own from a plane the day of her rescue and she remained standing for more than an hour as she recounted her rescue and answered questions from reporters . On the day of her rescue , Betancourt said , the hostages were awakened at 4 a.m. and told they had to be ready to move . An international commission , they were told , was coming by helicopter , and they were to be moved to another place in that helicopter . But when it arrived , one of the men aboard the helicopter appeared to know the rebel commanders , and the hostages lost hope . "  There was this camera and they were filming us and I was thinking , they just want to tape us so that the world sees that we are alive ... and this is going to go on and on and on for four more years , five , six more years , " she said . In truth , the Colombian military had tricked the rebels into believing the transfer was ordered by a FARC commander . And once the hostages were taken aboard the helicopter and it took off , the soldiers overcame the rebel commander who boarded with them , Betancourt said . "  I saw the commander of the FARC , he was on the floor , he was neutralized and I heard the voice of the leader saying ` This is Colombian Army , you are free , ' " she said . "  I could n't talk . I screamed . It was like a yell from , it was a scream that went from the bottom of my stomach , " she said . "  And then I hugged everyone I could hug . I would have hugged anyone at that second . I hugged the one that was beside me , front -- I would kiss everybody . It was crazy . It was very intense . We were crying . " Watch the entire remarkable interview " Now that she is in France and has been reunited with her children and her mother , Betancourt said she is still concerned with the fate of other hostages held in the FARC-controlled jungles . "  We could be over there , we could be the ones left in the jungle , " she said . "  We had this incredible luck to be here , so for me it 's very , very important , very important to ask all the people that can help us to fight for the release of the ones who are still in the jungle . " As for her future , Betancourt said she would likely run for office again , but added that it was n't a priority at the moment . "  I 'm the same woman , but I know that deep in my heart , I 've changed in many ways , " she said . "  I have changed in the way I relate to people and the way I react to many things . I changed also my goals in life . I think that the only thing that remains , perhaps , is my desire to be there for others and to help . "	FARC kidnapped Ingrid Betancourt in 2002 as she ran for Colombian presidency "  I did n't know I was their enemy , but I was , " she tells Larry King Betancourt was rescued along with 14 others in an elaborate operation last week
CNN  -- They are four American friends and seasoned travelers who were hiking through Iraq 's Kurdistan region before three of them crossed the unmarked border with Iran , where they were detained by Iranian authorities . Ahmed Awa , on the border of Iraq and Iran , is where police saw and warned the American hikers Friday . Kurdish officials identified the detained hikers as Shane Bauer , Sarah Shourd and Joshua Fattal , CNN confirmed Sunday . The fourth hiker , Shon Meckfessel , stayed behind in Iraq . "  My husband and I are eager for the best welfare and conditions for our son , Josh , and for the other two companions he 's with , " Laura Fattal of Elkins Park , Pennsylvania , told CNN Radio . "  And that is our only concern , his welfare and the best conditions for him . " Meckfessel was identified by his grandmother , who told CNN that he stayed behind because he felt sick . Meckfessel is at the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad . "  My grandson has asked me not to talk to the media , " said the grandmother , Irene Meckfessel of Carmichael , California , before hanging up Saturday . Iran 's state-run media reported that Iranian security forces arrested the three Americans Friday for illegally entering the country from Iraq 's Kurdistan region and that the matter is under investigation . U.S. State Department officials say the Swiss ambassador to Tehran is seeking information about the case on behalf of Washington . The United States and Iran do not have diplomatic relations and Switzerland represents U.S. diplomatic interests in Iran . Friends of the travelers told CNN that the three who were detained have spent time or have lived in Western Europe and the Middle East . Sandy Close , executive director of the nonprofit Pacific News Service , described Bauer -- a photographer whose material was occasionally posted on her Web site in the past -- as a "  gifted linguist and photographer with wanderlust for travel and a student of Arab cultures . He 's a remarkably talented guy . " Shourd described herself as a "  teacher-activist-writer from California currently based in the Middle East " on a profile listed on a travel Web site . Fattal shared his friends ' love of travel and learning , and was described as "  fiercely intellectual " by his friend , Chris Foraker , who spoke to CNN affiliate KVAL in Eugene , Oregon . Foraker said he met Fattal during a study abroad program in 2003 , and the two worked together at the Aprovecho sustainable living research center in Cottage Grove . The four travelers spent the night at the Nirwan Hotel in Sulaimaniya on Thursday , said Mudhafer Mohammed , the owner of the hotel . Bauer , Shourd and Fattal left early Friday in a taxi for Ahmed Awa , a Kurdish town near Iraq 's border with Iran , planning to hike in the mountains there , according to Peshrow Ahmed , spokesman for the security manager of Sulaimaniya . Ahmed Awa police spotted the hikers at one point Friday , Ahmed said , and warned them that they were near the border with Iran -- which is not marked in the area -- and that they should be careful . The group was in contact with Meckfessel in Sulaimaniya until about 1:30 p.m. Friday , when they reported they were "  surrounded by Iranian soldiers , " Ahmed said . No further communication was received . Mohammed , of the Nirwan Hotel , told CNN that the hikers said they had come to the area because they heard it was safe , saying they were considering a trip to Ahmed Awa . But , he said , he advised them against it . "  I warned them many times , " Mohammed told CNN . "  When they told me that they are planning to go to Ahmed Awa , I told them , ` Do n't go there because it is unsafe for you because you 're American and Ahmed Awa is very close to the Iranian border , ' " he said . Meckfessel left the hotel about 4:30 p.m. , Mohammed said , asking him to take care of their luggage and saying he would not return . Later , he said , Sulaimaniya security forces took the luggage from the hotel . CNN 's Arwa Damon and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	NEW : Joshua Fattal , Shane Bauer and Sarah Shourd detained by Iranians Fellow travel companion Shon Meckfessel felt sick , stayed behind in Iraq Americans accused of illegally entering Iran from Iraq 's Kurdish region , state TV says Detainees were backpackers who blundered over border , hotel owner says
CNN  -- After a decade at the helm of one of the world 's biggest football clubs David Gill will step down as Manchester United chief executive officer in June . Gill , who will be succeeded by current executive vice chairman Ed Woodward , was involved in the controversial takeover of the 19-time English champions by the American Glazer family . Macolm Glazer , owner of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers NFL franchise , acquired a controlling stake in United in 2005 , a takeover that sparked fan protests . "  It has been the greatest privilege to serve Manchester United for 16 wonderful years -- the last 10 of which as its chief executive , " said Gill , who joined United as finance director in 1997 . "  However , I have always been conscious of the fact that , as a member of staff , I was always just a temporary custodian of this marvelous institution , " added Gill , who will remain a director at the club . "  I am also of the view that all businesses need to refresh themselves with new management and ideas and after 10 years in charge I believe it is appropriate for someone new to pick up the baton . " United co-chairman Joel Glazer said : "  David has played a significant role in the success of Manchester United in his 10 years as chief executive and he can take great satisfaction in all that has been achieved on his watch , both on and off the field . " Since Gill became CEO in 2003 , United have won four English Premier League titles , the 2004 FA Cup and the European Champions League in 2008 . All of those titles have been won under the club 's iconic manager Alex Ferguson , who has been in charge at Old Trafford since 1986 . "  I have been at United for over 26 years and for 23 of those years my boss has been one of only two men : Martin Edwards , who brought me to the club , and David Gill . I have enjoyed working with both , " said Ferguson . "  David has been a magnificent chief executive . Of course , we have had a million arguments , but I have always enjoyed them because I know that David has two great qualities : he is straight and he always puts Manchester United first . "  He has been , and will continue to be , a fantastic success for Manchester United . He has all the qualities of successful people engrained in him : energy , honesty , integrity , personality and decision-making ability . " The Deloitte Sports Business Group recently estimated United 's revenue to be $ 502.4 million , a figure bettered only by Spanish giants Real Madrid and Barcelona . The list compiled by Deloitte does not consider debt , and it was debt which caused many fans to rail against the Glazer 's takeover of United . A group of fans formed a breakaway team called FC United of Manchester , which now plays in the seventh tier of English football . By way of protest , a number of fans began wearing green and yellow scarves to the team 's home games , the colors of the Newton Heath club from which Manchester United was formed . United currently lead the Premier League table by 12 points from cross-city neighbors Manchester City with just 12 matches of the season remaining . Ferguson 's team are also still in the Champions League and are level at 1-1 with Real Madrid ahead of the second leg of their second-round tie on March 5 . After reaching the quarterfinals of the FA Cup with victory over Reading on Monday , United 's current squad could emulate the team of 1999 which won an unprecedented Premier League , FA Cup and Champions League treble .	David Gill to step down as Manchester United CEO in June Gill will be succeeded by current executive vice chairman Ed Woodward The 19-time English champions owned by the Glazer family The Glazer family also own the Tampa Bay Buccaneers NFL franchise
CNN  -- Everyone loves a sporting feud . Some of the most enduring rivalries in sport have been born through individuals , or entire teams , that were n't particularly fond of the other . Who does n't enjoy the sight of two men who should know better -- Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho and Arsenal counterpart Arsene Wenger -- shoving each other on the sidelines during an English Premier League match ? Just look at the ill-tempered clash between Italian champions Juventus and rivals Roma on Sunday night that spawned three controversial penalties and two red cards after a late melee . Even cricket -- that most genteel of sports -- is at it , ex-England cricketer Kevin Pietersen releasing an autobiography in which he takes a swipe at former teammates and coaches . Here , CNN takes a look at five sporting feuds that are en vogue at present . Jose Mourinho vs. Arsene Wenger These two great rivals have n't seen eye to eye almost from the day Mourinho pitched up at Chelsea from Portuguese football in 2004 . Their first spat centered on Wenger 's criticism of Chelsea 's lavish spending under billionaire Russian owner Roman Abramovich , Mourinho hitting back by calling his opposite number a "  voyeur . " Chelsea 's boss later claimed he had a dossier on things Wenger had said about his club , hinting at legal action . It did n't take long for Mourinho to revive the rivalry upon his return to Chelsea in 2013 , calling Wenger a "  specialist in failure . " On Sunday , Wenger shoved Mourinho on the touchline after reacting angrily to a strong tackle on his player Alexis Sanchez . The fourth official intervened , separating the two , as Chelsea went on to win 2-0 and make it 12 matches without defeat for Mourinho against Wenger . Afterwards Chelsea 's coach said there was "  no problem " between the two , while Wenger said "  What is there to regret ? " Kevin Pietersen vs Matt Prior The man referred to by fans as "  KP " has waited a long time to have his say on his sacking from the England cricket team after a disastrous tour to Australia . England were thumped 5-0 in the Ashes by its most fierce rival at the turn of the year and when Pietersen had his contract canceled in February , he had to wait until October until a confidentiality clause expired to have his say . He was accused of being "  disengaged " by the England and Wales Cricket Board but has hit back , claiming they told him he was being dismissed for "  cricketing reasons " and would n't elaborate . Pietersen reserves particular ire for Prior , England 's former vice captain , who he accuses of fostering a bullying culture within the dressing room . The wicketkeeper is also labeled as a "  back-stabber " by Pietersen , for revealing details of a supposedly confidential team meeting during the Australia tour . Prior took to Twitter to say that he would respond , but at a later date and not on the social media site . He said he was looking forward to reading the book and joked : "  Might bully my kids into getting it for me for Xmas !! " Tom Watson vs. Phil Mickelson Eight-time major winner Tom Watson was supposed to be the man to finally secure a United States victory in golf 's premier team competition , the Ryder Cup , at the 2014 tournament in Scotland last month But just like seven of the last eight captains , he tasted defeat , as Europe made it three on the bounce courtesy of a 16 1/2 -11 1/2 victory at Gleneagles . The inquest began within hours of the final shot , and it emerged from a surprising source within the team -- Phil Mickelson , a man with five majors of his own . His eulogy about 2008 skipper Paul Azinger -- the only man to the lead the U.S. to victory this century -- was seen as thinly veiled criticism of Watson , and turned the team 's press conference into a tension-filled affair . Mickelson said Azinger had involved the players in his decision making process and formulated a "  real game plan , " the implication being that Watson had done neither during his tenure . The captain , sitting a few seats down from his player , replied : "  Phil  has a difference of opinion . That 's OK . My management philosophy is different than his . I had a different philosophy than Paul . I decided not to go that way . " As details began to leak out about Watson 's reign , he released an open letter saying he understood Mickelson 's reaction and that the pair had spoken since to try and clear the air . Watson added : "  The bottom line is this . I was their captain . In hindsight whatever mistakes that were made were mine . And I take complete and full responsibility for them . " Juventus vs. AS Roma It was the most eagerly anticipated clash of the season so far in Italy , as first took on second . Both Serie A champions Juventus and Roma , who finished as runners up in 2013/14 came into their clash on Saturday with 100 % records , winning five games out of five . It was a match that most certainly lived up to the hype and included five goals , three controversial penalty decisions and two red cards as Juve came out on top . An ill-tempered clash saw referee Gianluca Rocchi under almost constant fire from the players , each of his penalty decisions provoking controversy . Juve profited from two of those , Roma captain Francesco Totti lamenting his performance after the match , saying the official favored Juventus . The winning goal was scored by Juve defender Leonardo Bonucci , moments before a melee involving players from both sides saw lvaro Morata and Kostas Manolas sent off . Richard Sherman vs. Patrick Peterson Seahawks cornerman Sherman relishes his role as one of the most outspoken players in the NFL , but he does have a Superbowl ring to back it up . Recently , it 's a rival from Arizona Cardinals that has been taking up a large chunk of his time -- Patrick Peterson , who recently signed a new contract with the Cardinals that made him the highest paid cornerback ever to have played in the NFL . This not long after Sherman had signed his own extension , but for a lesser sum . News of Peterson 's deal prompted Sherman to reassert his authority by retweeting a stat that said his rival had given up seven touchdowns in 2013 compared to his one . After a series of replies , Sherman tweeted a picture of his Superbowl ring . We await the next round with interest .	CNN looks at the five sporting feuds of the moment Ex-England cricketer Kevin Pietersen attacks Matt Prior in autobiography Soccer coaches Jose Mourinho and Arsene Wenger involved in touchline spat 2014 U.S. Ryder Cup captain Tom Watson and Phil Mickelson at loggerheads
CNN  -- I cried several times yesterday . This happened as I was reviewing scripts for CNN 's upcoming coverage of the one-year anniversary of the Sandy Hook tragedy in Newtown , Connecticut . I also cried as I reviewed a script about the bravery of Antoinette Tuff who single-handedly prevented a similar tragedy from occurring in a suburban Atlanta elementary school . I have an almost 8-year-old daughter and a 10-year-old son . If I had lived in Newtown , my daughter could have been in one of the first-grade classrooms that was targeted . It is heartbreaking to think of what could have been and whether my children would have survived . My heart goes out to all of those who experienced such unthinkable loss . CNN was not involved in the Associated Press ' litigation to gain release of the Newtown 911 calls , but I applaud the court 's decision in support of open government and public access to government records . I have read and heard some of the powerful and emotional pleas of families , attorneys and their supporters who felt the 911 calls should have been withheld . Yet I fully believe that access to public records is crucial , even if painful . We can never learn the truth about our society and its ills and inspirations without full access to public documents . No matter how well-meaning public officials may be in withholding records , it should not be left to them to determine what our reality is . As a media lawyer , it is inevitable that I will be faced with advising on painful stories and the disturbing videos , images and sound that go along with them . We filed a lawsuit for access to the Hurricane Katrina recovery efforts , and we have recently gone to court to gain release of all records and data relating to the death of Valdosta , Georgia , teen Kendrick Johnson . Some images I can not bear to look at -- or sounds to hear -- but I will do so because I know we are committed to shedding light on important stories and issues . And maybe one day those stories will make a difference and prevent future tragedies and suffering of other families . I realize not everybody is going to agree with how CNN handled the 911 calls , but one thing we can all agree on is that we need to hug our kids tighter . I did that as soon as I walked in the door from work yesterday evening . The opinions expressed in this commentary are those of Johnita Due .	Johnita Due : As a mother , I understand the pain of events such as Newtown She says that as a media lawyer , she sees the need for the release of public records "  We can never learn the truth about our society ... without full access to public documents "
CNN  -- Entertainer Lady Gaga scores a 93 , edging out President Barack Obama at 91 . NBA rising star Jeremy Lin scores an 80 . Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates gets a 77 . Pope Benedict XVI earns a 53 . However , these very public figures -- along with the other hundreds of millions of us using social media -- all bow to the 100-point chart-topper : teen heartthrob Justin Bieber . We 're talking about Klout , the four-year-old Web service that measures online influence based on "  one 's ability to drive action . " Klout scores are derived from social networks -- mostly Facebook , Twitter and Google Plus -- to measure how many people you influence , how much you influence them and the relative power of your network . Some have described a Klout score as the credit score of the digital age . It has very little to do with real-world , offline influence and everything to do with Twitter retweets and Facebook likes . The more of those you have , the higher your score . The San Francisco-based startup claims to have assigned scores to more than 100 million people . CNN sat down recently with Klout co-founder and CEO Joe Fernandez to discuss why web users should know their Klout score , how brands are capitalizing on rewarding key influencers , the company 's first acquisition and why burritos helped shape the initial idea behind Klout . CNN : Why should people care about their Klout score ? Fernandez : We 're helping people better measure and understand influence online . To examine the content users create on Twitter , Facebook , LinkedIn , the whole social Web . As the Web grows more massive all the time , it 's becoming increasingly important to quickly assess what Internet users are influential about and how they are influenced in order to make more informed decisions . What are the most effective means for increasing one 's Klout score ? Consistency is really the biggest thing . It 's finding time in your day to create at least one piece of content to keep your network engaged in what you have to share . Last year Klout users reacted rather loudly to some pretty significant changes to the service . How has the feedback been overall now that a number of months have passed and what did you guys learn in terms of the passion of your core users ? It was a great learning experience for us . People were surprised at how much their scores shifted and their passion for the scores definitely showed after that . What we learned was that we need to drive transparency and make it clear why users ' scores changed . Since then we 've worked to add layers of transparency and our users have reacted very well . Is it true the idea for Klout was partly inspired by your expertise in burritos ? Ha ... yes . My jaw was wired shut for three months in 2007 . I was thinking all the time about food . I then became interested in the idea that , because I recommend taquerias to friends online so much , that I should be rewarded for that expertise . Burritos were definitely a part of my inspiration . Are you seeing adoption of the Klout service in the job market ? Everywhere I go it seems I 'm meeting someone who tells me they either put their Klout score on their resume and got the job or it came up during the job interview . If you think about what 's important in the workplace today , for many positions , it 's one 's ability to activate a network . To spread the word . To be comfortable in the social web . Klout is a great way to benchmark how effective someone really is . It seems businesses are beginning to pay more attention to key influencers online and reward those patrons accordingly . What is a good example of an industry or company using Klout to elevate the consumer experience ? One of my favorite uses are by hotel properties that are now using Klout scores to upgrade the rooms of guests during check-in as they access their online influence rating . These types of perks have been offered for many years but always based on how much money a person spends . Now for the first time brands are valuing your networks . Klout was in the news very recently with the acquisition of Blockboard , a service that helps people connect with their neighbors . What can you share about the thinking behind the move and what impact will it have on users ? The web is clearly shifting from desktop to mobile . We 've done a good job at understanding influence online , but as it drives down to local and mobile we thought it was important to pick up a team like the people at Blockboard that are as passionate as we are about the rest of social media and open up mobile to Klout in new ways . How do you respond to criticism that the Klout score is not a true reflection of influence ? For example , ahead of the Iowa caucus , Mitt Romney and New Gingrich were tied according to their Klout score  78  . But ultimately Rick Santorum won in Iowa . What 's wrong ? Klout measures your ability to drive actions online . That does n't always reflect in the real world . We predicted the New England Patriots would win the Super Bowl because many of their players had higher Klout scores . But on the playing field it 's a different situation . Just like Newt and Mitt were tied online but the voters in Iowa saw things differently . With Cuban heritage as part of your background , what has it been like as one of just a handful of Latino tech company entrepreneurs ? This entire journey so far has been great . The Latino community online along with the rise of social media use across Latin America has been supportive throughout , offering lots of goodwill . Silicon Valley is an interesting place . I went there two years ago not knowing a single person . It 's amazing . I believe anyone can arrive and if you have a great idea and the passion to build a company , you 're gon na get a shot at it . What do you see for the short - and long-term future of the company ? Our big thing is continue to drive value for our users . Help them understand their influence . And not enough for them to just understand their reach but benefit from it . Big things are in store for Klout users in 2012 , such as the integration on the mobile platform ... -LSB- and -RSB- new tools that increase transparency and help people drive up their scores .	Klout is a web service that examines online influence based on "  one 's ability to drive action " The most effective means for increasing one 's Klout score is consistency Big things are in store for users this year such as new tools that increase transparency
CNN  -- Lookin ' good , Trivago Guy . In a brief new commercial , Tim "  Trivago Guy " Williams comes across as more polished than the disheveled pitchman he was a few months ago . His hair is nicely tousled , his slim-fit shirt hugs his torso , and he has a fashionable touch of facial stubble . OK , it 's hard to tell whether he 's wearing a belt , but that 's because his shirt is untucked . The new look is a response to the complaints -- some wry , some serious -- the company got after an earlier series of ads featuring Williams . As one person on Twitter wrote , "  I had no idea #trivagoGuy was a thing , but I do know that my wife and I both wondered why homeless people were doing travel ads . " Some people even dressed up as him for Halloween , perhaps as a way to frighten children  or , more likely , Anna Wintour  . Does ` Trivago Guy ' need a makeover ? Trivago was n't going to let that slide . "  Trivago was listening ! " the company trumpeted in a news release . The company sponsored a contest to give Williams a style makeover . The winner was Aaron Marino , an Atlanta-based style consultant  PDF  who not only got to reshape Williams ' image , he received a five-day trip to Berlin to watch the new spot get shot .  Hey , Trivago is a travel website . Opinions on Twitter were mostly favorable ... "  Someone @ @trivago was listening - the #trivagoguy got a #makeover . Better fitting shirt in a flattering color . The scruff looks intentional , " wrote The Quiet Car . ... though there was the matter of the beard . "  Hey , the creepy #TrivagoGuy got a new shirt & a haircut ! Still , would it kill him to shave ? @TravelinAnn #travel , " wrote JohnCinnamon . Williams has enjoyed the notoriety the campaign has brought .  Incidentaly , the reason for the disheveled style was because he had to maintain a look he had on a German soap opera . But do n't push him to put on a belt . "  I had a belt on at one point , and it just did n't kind of go with the outfit and we scrapped the belt , " he told CNN in August . "  It 's probably one of the best decisions we ever came up with , because look what it 's created . " CNN 's Marnie Hunter contributed to this story .	Tim "  Trivago Guy " Williams cleans up for new ad Trivago had a contest to give Williams a makeover His old look was charitably described as disheveled -- and beltless
CNN  -- There ca n't be many people whose image has sat side by side on a front page with Colonel Gaddafi , the now expired former dictator of Libya . But Sepp Blatter , the president of soccer 's governing body FIFA , is one of the few to hold this dubious honor . It was June 2011 , and The Sun -- a British tabloid newspaper owned by Rupert Murdoch and known for its cheeky , salacious front pages -- ran one of its most memorable headlines . "  Despot the Difference , " it screamed above a picture of Blatter and Gaddafi . "  Two deluded dictators continued to cling on to power yesterday as their corrupt regimes crumbled around them . " The ire directed at Gaddafi was obvious . But Blatter ? Soccer 's administrator in chief had become one of the most hated men in Britain . Blog : Time for football to tackle racism epidemic ? A series of corruption scandals within FIFA , his botched re-election campaign -- where his only opponent was barred from standing after another corruption scandal -- and the failure of England 's bid to host the 2018 World Cup to attract any interest in FIFA 's corridors of power  despite having the best technical report  led to an outpouring of incredulity . Blatter was deemed arrogant and elusive . He became public enemy number two , after Gaddafi . Just over 18 months on and Blatter has fared slightly better than Gaddafi . But only just . This weekend he was vilified again for refusing to back the principle of AC Milan walking off the pitch when one of the Italian club 's black players was racially abused by fans . It was seized as another example of Blatter 's buffoonery and came after comments he made in a 2011 interview with CNN when he seemed to suggest there was no problem with racism in soccer , at least on the pitch . But is this foolishness , myopia or inelegance ? I would say the latter of the three . His comments on the AC Milan incident were broadly correct . Whilst Kevin Prince Boateng should be applauded for his "  Rosa Parks " moment , enshrining it in law would be highly problematic . As James Lawton in the British newspaper The Independent wrote this week in a piece criticizing UEFA for its weakness on tackling racism : "  Boateng has issued a significant threat , not just of uncomplicated outrage by black players , but situations which would create incentives for all kinds of connivance in the abandonment of vital matches in which one side had taken what looked like an impregnable advantage . " That soccer 's governing bodies contributed to the situation by handing out paltry fines for previous transgressions is true too . Sure , FIFA is not without its problems , but the sound bites tend to obscure a much wider , more important truth : Blatter 's largely positive influence on the game , especially in the developing world . Whilst he is parodied as an out of touch buffoon haphazardly directing affairs from FIFA 's "  Death Star " in Zurich , he has arguably done more in the modern era to spread the game globally than anyone else . This year I interviewed Blatter twice . On both occasions he talked about soccer being more than just a game . That it was also an agent of social change . His first act when elected president in 1998 was to fly into the Gaza Strip and welcome Palestine to the soccer family . It allowed the Palestinians to organize their own league , push for movement restrictions in the West Bank to be lifted , to build their own national football stadium , start a women 's professional league and , in 2011 , host their very first World Cup qualifier against Afghanistan . Sure , the Afghan government were not happy , but the team traveled and played in the West Bank , the first time a team from Afghanistan had done so . It was defacto recognition of both sides of this seemingly intractable conflict . FIFA became one of a tiny handful of international organizations to recognize the existence of Palestine , a full four years before a U.N. vote almost , but not quite , got to the same point . The Palestinians have cleverly used soccer as a way of both flying their flag and as a dry run for building and maintaining important civic institutions . Blatter should take credit for kickstarting that movement . The wider point here is that Blatter 's tenure as FIFA president has been internationalist in tooth and claw . Under his watch the World Cup was hosted in Asia for the first time in 2002 . It is a region that , in 50 years ' time , will undoubtedly be the new power center of the world game . Blatter championed Africa 's first ever World Cup , in South Africa in 2010 , a remarkable vote of confidence in a country barely two decades out of apartheid . And , most controversially , Russia and then the Middle East will host their first World Cups in 2018 and 2022 respectively . No one should have been surprised by either move . Both regions are booming and have a deep love of the game . FIFA under Blatter has been aggressively expansionist and hosting a World Cup in England or even the U.S. would have added little new . Soccer is , now more than ever , a global game and deserves to be shared across the world . Europe may now be the most successful region both in terms of money and success on the pitch but the balance of power is shifting , to South America , Asia , the Middle East and the new Europe . Blatter recognized that shift and helped to drive it . Given that context it would be absurd to now think that the 76-year-old was someone unconcerned with the issues of racism . Now there are a new set of pressing challenges . The rise in racism needs to be tackled with financial penalties so stiff that clubs would have no choice but to take the issue seriously . Greater transparency within FIFA 's decision making and finances need to be addressed . The corruption watchdog Transparency International cut its ties with FIFA in 2011 when two of its recommendations -- that the investigator charged with overseeing FIFA would be compromised if he was paid by FIFA and that he should be allowed to investigate old corruption scandals -- were dropped . The stain of corruption emanating from countries with poor records in transparency and openness is another issue . Why not publish the salaries and expenses of FIFA 's leading members to combat that ? But , when his tenure is up , the same question will be asked . Will Blatter leave the game in a better place than he found it ? The game has been spread further and deeper than ever before . There is much that still needs reforming in FIFA . But in Africa , Asia and the Middle East he 'll be rightly feted for seriously taking the game to the world , no matter what the headline writers think .	Sepp Blatter has been criticized for saying players can not "  run away " from racism FIFA president 's comments came after Kevin-Prince Boateng walked off pitch in protest Ghana international was playing for AC Milan in a friendly against fourth division Pro Patria Blatter has been president of world football 's governing body since 1998
CNN  -- Sierra Leone 's incumbent president won re-election and was sworn in for a second term , pledging to boost the economy of the nation scarred by years of civil war . President Ernest Koroma got nearly 59 % of the vote , beating his closest competitor 's 37 % in an election international observers described as peaceful . By getting more than 55 % , he avoided a second round of voting with the opposition frontrunner . Following his win , Koroma called for unity as he was sworn in late Friday . "  Let us , as we celebrate , be mindful that the work starts today and every Sierra Leonean from all political parties , regions , ethnic group , age and religion is central to our agenda for prosperity , " the president said . "  We must therefore embrace each other as we march forward with action , bravery , commitment , discipline , empathy and fortitude . " Koroma , 59 , a former insurance executive , assumed office in 2007 . Supporters have credited him with improving infrastructure while critics have said he has not addressed rampant corruption . Empowering a new Sierra Leone "  I will make sure the fruits of the agenda for prosperity are equality distributed in every district of the country and enjoyed by all , " he said in his swearing-in . The work starts today . " The United States applauded him and hailed the west African nation 's democracy . "  This election demonstrates the progress that Sierra Leone has made in strengthening its democratic institutions since the end of the civil war in 2002 , " White House spokesman Jay Carney said in a statement . Sierra Leone 's economy was gutted by an 11-year civil war that ultimately left 50,000 dead or missing During the brutal war , which was funded using the so-called "  blood diamonds , " teenagers were placed under the influence of drugs to provoke violent behavior such as killing , raping and plundering . CNN 's Joseph Netto contributed to this report	President Ernest Koroma gets 59 % to avoid a second round of voting "  We must ... embrace each other as we march forward with action , " he says The former insurance executive assumed office in 2007
CNN  -- When the Winter Olympics roll around , Canadians pretty much always expect the national hockey team to win gold . Sure enough the squad ultimately did n't disappoint in Sochi , claiming the finale 3-0 against Sweden on the final day of the Games . It was Canada 's second straight men 's gold at the Olympics and third in the past four . And coupled with the women coming out on top in the women 's competition , it gave Canada a much coveted hockey double . Russia crumbled amid heavy expectations in the men 's hockey but the host nation , helped by a sweep in cross country skiing 's 50-kilometer mass start Sunday , led the way in both medals won with 33 and gold medals tallied with 13 . Canada finished third in golds and fourth overall after it blanked Sweden at the Bolshoy Ice Dome . With Canada hockey mad , questions were asked about the roster prior to the Olympics and eyebrows raised following unconvincing victories over Norway and Latvia in Sochi . But Canada picked it up when it mattered , overcoming the U.S. in the semifinals and also blanking the Swedes . "  I think anyone knows the talent and ability this team has , " centerman Jonathan Toews told Canada 's CBC . "  A huge credit goes to our commitment to playing a team game and will to win . "  People were doubting whether we can score goals in this tournament . It 's easy for a group like that to go press and try and create offense and get away from our game plan but we stuck with it every single night . Here we all are on top of the podium so it feels really good . " Carey Price -- who plays for the Montreal Canadiens , perhaps the most storied hockey franchise around -- made 24 saves Sunday after keeping out 31 shots in the semis . Pittsburgh Penguins superstar Sidney Crosby , Toews and Chris Kunitz scored for Canada and it was more than enough given Price 's stellar performance . "  Playing behind that group of guys was a lot of fun , " Price told the CBC . "  That work ethic that those guys brought to the ice every day made my job easier . " As he did following the semifinals , Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper took to Twitter to congratulate the team . Sweden entered the clash short-handed , with key centerman Nicklas Backstrom of the Washington Capitals testing positive for a banned stimulant . "  I 've got absolutely nothing to hide , " Backstrom told reporters . "  It was shocking to me and at the same time I 'm here right now and I have to deal it . "  I have n't done anything differently in the past seven years and I 've been playing internationally all that time . " The NHL issued a statement and said it would n't take any action against Backstrom . "  We understand that Nicklas Backstrom tested positive for a substance banned ` in competition ' by the International Olympic Committee , " said NHL deputy commissioner Bill Daly . "  It is our further understanding that the positive test was the result of a common allergy medication taken by the player knowingly , with the approval of the team doctor and without the intention of gaining an illegal or improper performance-enhancing benefit . "  In addition , the specific substance that resulted in the positive test is not currently on the League 's Prohibited Substances List . "  Subject to confirmation of the facts as we understand them , and given the fact that the substance is neither prohibited in the NHL nor was used in an improper manner here , we do not anticipate there being any consequences relative to Nicklas ' eligibility to participate in games for the Washington Capitals . " Russian 1-2-3 Russia was tied with Norway for gold medals won prior to Sunday and led the U.S. by two overall . The 1-2-3 finish in the cross country ensured glory in both categories . Alexander Legkov edged Maxim Vylegzhanin by 0.7 seconds , with Ilia Chernousov capturing the bronze in a photo finish . Legkov 's time was a shade past one hour , 46 minutes . "  This is priceless , " Legkov told reporters . "  It 's more valuable than my life . I ca n't express how I feel . For 15 years I 've been trying for this result . " Alexander Zubkov added to Russia 's tally of golds in the four-man bobsleigh , his quartet squeaking past Oskars Melb	Canada wins gold for the second straight time in Olympic men 's hockey Carey Price makes 24 saves in the 3-0 shutout victory over Sweden Russia sweeps the medals in cross country 's 50-kilometer race Russia tops both the medal and gold medal standings in Sochi
Washington  CNN  -- Is the clock ticking on gun control ? While support for many gun control policies remains high in the wake of the horrific shootings at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut , polls conducted over the past few weeks suggest that three-and-a-half months after the tragedy , public backing for major new gun laws overall appears to have dropped significantly . A CBS News survey released earlier this week indicated a 10-point drop in the public backing of stricter gun laws , from 57 % immediately after the shootings in Newtown , Connecticut , in December when a heavily armed gunman killed 20 young students and six adults , to 47 % now . That poll was in line with a CNN/ORC International survey released last week that indicated a nine-point drop in the percentage of Americans who favor major restrictions on guns or an outright ban on gun ownership , from 52 % following the shootings to 43 % . Opinion : Did we learn nothing from Newtown ? Other polls have shown changes within their sampling error but in the same downward direction . An ABC News/Washington Post poll released in mid-March showed support for stricter gun laws moving from 54 % to 52 % . That two-point margin was within the survey 's sampling error . And a Fox News poll released last week indicated majority backing -- but some slippage -- in support for specific proposals like banning assault rifles and semi-automatic weapons and high-capacity ammunition clips . "  Opinion on gun control was fairly steady over the past few years , but seemed to spike after the Connecticut shootings , " CNN Polling Director Keating Holland said . "  The big question is whether support for major new gun laws has simply dropped back down to that previous level or whether the slide will continue even further . " So what 's causing the drop in support ? The surveys , including CNN 's , offer clues . Despite emotions , little happens legislatively after mass shootings "  Support for stricter gun control has fallen dramatically among two groups -- older Americans and people who live in rural areas , " Holland said . "  In the immediate aftermath of the shootings in Connecticut , the number of rural Americans who supported major gun restrictions rose to 49 % but now that support has dropped 22 points . Support for stricter gun laws dropped 16 points among Americans over 50 years old in that same time . " The new polls suggest that federal lawmakers pushing for gun control might have waited too long to act . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid announced late last week that he would move ahead on a bill that would expand background checks for gun sales and stiffen gun trafficking penalties when the Senate returns from the two-week recess it 's currently taking . While national polling indicates extremely strong support for background checks , Reid 's bill could face a very tough go of it in Democrat-controlled Senate , let alone the GOP-dominated House .	Public support for new gun measures has fallen dramatically since Newtown massacre Support spiked after elementary school shootings but has dropped by double digits since Largest drop in support was among older Americans and those who live in rural areas
CNN  -- Deep down on the bottom of the Baltic Sea , Swedish treasure hunters think they have made the find of a lifetime . The problem is , they 're not exactly sure what it is they 've uncovered . Out searching for shipwrecks at a secret location between Sweden and Finland , the deep-sea salvage company Ocean Explorer captured an incredible image more than 80 meters below the water 's surface . At first glance , team leader and commercial diver Peter Lindberg joked that his crew had just discovered an unidentified flying object , or UFO . "  I have been doing this for nearly 20 years so I have a seen a few objects on the bottom , but nothing like this , " said Lindberg . "  We had been out for nine days and we were quite tired and we were on our way home , but we made a final run with a sonar fish and suddenly this thing turned up , " he continued . Using side-scan sonar , the team found a 60-meter diameter cylinder-shaped object , with a rigid tail 400 meters long . The imaging technique involves pulling a sonar "  towfish " -- that essentially looks sideways underwater - behind a boat , where it creates sound echoes to map the sea floor below . On another pass over the object , the sonar showed a second disc-like shape 200 meters away . See also : Quest for Sir Francis Drake 's remains Lindberg 's team believe they are too big to have fallen off a ship or be part of a wreck , but it 's anyone 's guess what could be down there . "  We 've heard lots of different kinds of explanations , from George Lucas 's spaceship -- the Millennium Falcon -- to ` it 's some kind of plug to the inner world , ' like it should be hell down there or something . "  But we wo n't know until we have been down there , " said Lindberg . The Head of Archaeology at Sweden 's Maritime Museums , Andreas Olsson , admits he 's intrigued by the picture , but remains sceptical about what it could be . The reliability of one-side scan sonar images is one of his main concerns , making it difficult to determine if the object is a natural geological formation or something different altogether . "  It all depends on the circumstances when you actually tow the -LSB- sonar -RSB- fish after the boat , " he said . See also : World 's oldest warship gets facelift "  What are the temperature conditions , the wave conditions , how deep is your fish in relation to the sea bed etcetera and all those parameters also affects what kind of image you have in the end , " he explained . Even Lindberg agrees the image "  is n't the best it could be . " But his crew are still planning to return to the site in the calmer waters of spring to investigate their find . It 's a risky and expensive business , and not one that always pays off . British maritime historian , Professor Andrew Lambert , says the costs of recovery are now too high for most . "  If you want to stand in a cold shower tearing up  # 50 notes , go shipwreck hunting , " he said . "  Most shipwrecks are rotting away , or carrying dull things -- all the romance has been taken out of it . " It 's a problem Lindberg and his team are aware of . "  It 's a very difficult industry to be in -- it 's money all the time , " he confessed . "  The best thing it could be , would be 60 meters of gold -- then I would be very happy . " "  This thing is very far out , it 's really off-shore , so first of all we need a bigger ship ... more equipment . . and we have to do bottom sampling , water sampling , to see if it is something poisonous . " But even if the mystery object does n't contain retrievable treasure the site could still prove to be a gold mine for the Ocean Explorer team , with tourists and private investors paying to see it up-close , in a submarine . See also : How to survive a shipwreck "  The object itself is maybe not valuable in the sense of money it can be very interesting whatever it is , historical or a natural anomaly , " said Lindberg . In the North Atlantic , one American salvage company is also hoping to beat the odds . Odyssey Marine Exploration -- a company made up of researchers , scientists , technicians and archaeologists -- have at least 6,300 shipwrecks in their database that they are looking to find . Their latest discoveries include two British war-time shipwrecks off the coast of Ireland that could be laden with hundreds of tonnes of silver . Mark Gordon , president of Odyssey , says at least 100 ships on their watch-list are known to have values in excess of $ 50 million dollars . "  When you think about the fact until the mid 20th century , the only way to transport wealth was on the oceans and a lot of ships were lost , it adds up to a formula where we have billions of dollars worth of interesting and valuable things on the sea floor , " he said . The lure of treasure has lead to an increasing number of discoveries in recent years . But one which does n't come without its dangers , warns Olsson . "  I think recently we 're entering a time of a lot of discoveries , " he said of the technological advancements in finding shipwrecks . "  The professional shipwreck discoverers are doing a great effort for cultural heritage management in the long run ... what we do n't support is the action of actually taking up items and selling them , " he said .	Swedish treasure hunters have captured images of a mysterious object in the Baltic Sea It 's estimated around 100,000 objects , mostly shipwrecks , are littered throughout the Baltic Deep-sea salvage company Ocean Explorer uses sonar imaging to search for wrecks
CNN  -- A Sudanese journalist could receive 40 lashings after she was caught wearing trousers . Lubna al-Hussein was arrested with 18 other women this month for wearing indecent clothes . A Sudanese court began hearing Lubna al-Hussein 's case Wednesday . It will continue the hearing August 4 . At the time of her arrest , she was wearing pants , a blouse and a hijab , she said . Police accused her of wearing trousers that were too tight and alleged that her blouse was too transparent , al-Hussein said . Al-Hussein , who works for a newspaper and the media department of the United Nations mission in Sudan , said she did nothing wrong . She has been released to her home in Khartoum . The crime of wearing indecent attire has only one punishment under Sudanese law , a 40-stroke public flogging , according to the Arabic Network for Human Rights Information . "  This case is the official retaliation against the reporter for her writings criticizing the Sudanese regime and extremists , " the organization said in a statement . Al-Hussein was arrested along with 18 others July 3 after Sudan 's "  discipline police " accused the women of wearing indecent clothes , al-Hussein said . Six were released , and 10 received the 40 lashes , she said . Al-Hussein and two others fought the charges and hired attorneys , she said . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon spoke out against the decision Wednesday , saying he was "  deeply concerned " and would take every effort to protect his staff member . "  The flogging is against the international human rights standards , " he said . "  I call on all parties to live up to their obligations under all relevant international instruments . " CNN 's Umaro Djau , Talia Kayali and Tracy Doueiry contributed to this report .	Lubna al-Hussein 's case is scheduled to continue August 4 Al-Hussein , 18 others were rounded up this month for wearing indecent clothes Ten arrestees have received 40 lashes , al-Hussein says Al-Hussein was told her pants were too tight , her blouse too transparent
CNN  -- "  If personality is an unbroken series of successful gestures , then there was something gorgeous about him , some heightened sensitivity to the promise of life , as if he related to one of those intricate machines that register earthquakes ten thousand miles away . This responsiveness had nothing to do with that flabby impressionability which is dignified under the name of the ` creative temperament ' -- it was an extraordinary gift for hope , a romantic readiness such as I have never found in any other person and which it is not likely I shall ever find again . No -- Gatsby turned out all right at the end ; it is what preyed on Gatsby , what foul dust floated in the wake of his dreams that temporarily closed out my interest in the abortive sorrows and short-winded elations of men . "  $  F. Scott Fitzgerald , The Great Gatsby Seriously , now ... how can any movie director achieve a stretch of moving images that can even sneak up on the ineffable beauty , the limpid grace , the near-magical intersection of metaphor and tone found in such prose ? You 'd be just as well off trying to "  adapt " one of Keats ' odes or Wordsworth 's pastorals into a filmed version . "  Rosetta Stone : The Movie , " anyone ? Again , seriously , why ca n't filmmakers let "  The Great Gatsby " be ? Mostly because the rest of us ca n't . Though F. Scott Fitzgerald 's 1925 masterwork was regarded as something of a failure in his brief , sad lifetime , it has since the 1940s steadily risen in the kind of popularity broad enough to take in generations , cultural backgrounds and whole nations . There have been five attempts to make a movie version of Fitzgerald 's Jazz Age tale about a wealthy young man with a mysterious , vaguely sinister past and how , having reinvented himself , sets about trying to reinvent his romantic destiny . Australian Baz Luhrmann 's turn at bat with this Great American Novel opened Friday with Leonardo DiCaprio playing the eponymous Jay Gatsby , Tobey Maguire as his circumspect neighbor Nick Carraway and Carey Mulligan as Nick 's moneyed cousin Daisy Buchannan , the glistening , potential fulfillment of Gatsby 's dearest  or , maybe direst  wishes . Reviews , saying the least , have been mixed , with some , like the Miami Herald 's Connie Ogle declaring it a "  failure " and the Philadelphia Inquirer Steven Rea describing it as "  audaciously miscalculated " while others , notably the New York Times ' A.O. Scott and New York magazine 's customarily finicky David Edelstein , admit being entertained by what Scott characterizes as a "  splashy , trashy opera . " News : ` Unfilmable ' novels ? No such thing , says Hollywood Such impressions seem to have been anticipated because of Luhrmann 's reputation for mounting such gaudily apportioned accounts of thwarted love as 1996 's "  William Shakespeare 's Romeo + Juliet "  which also starred DiCaprio  and 2001 's "  Moulin Rouge ! " Even those who praise the movie do so acknowledging its lavish set pieces  Oh , those parties !  , its hyped-up theatricality and its often-anachronistic musical background  Oh , that hip-hop !  . But as Edelstein writes , "  For all its computer-generated whoosh and overbroad acting ,  the movie  is unmistakably F. Scott Fitzgerald 's ` The Great Gatsby . ' That is no small deal . " What Edelstein means  and I agree  is that Luhrmann 's "  Gatsby , " in ramping up the opulence of the era and the intensity of the romance , comes closer than any previous movie adaptation so far in touching the emotional spirit of Fitzgerald 's novel . But the story 's visceral appeal presents a problem for those who contend that the novel 's poetic language and resonant imagery are merely cloaking devices for what amounts to a thin , lurid storyline that would barely pass muster in a bottom-feeding pulp magazine . In a meticulous deflation of the book 's repute found on the same New York magazine website as Edelstein 's review , writer Kathryn Schulz 's disdain even spreads to the characters , none of whom she regards "  as likeable . None of whom are even dislikeable , though nearly all of them are despicable . " Look : Gatsby 's Gold Coast : 8 grand estates One could argue that the shallowness of Fitzgerald 's glamorous strivers is precisely the novel 's point . The "  abortive sorrows and short-winded elations " to which Fitzgerald refers in the opening quote account to most , if not all , of America 's transient aspirations , practically from the country 's inception . Moreover , theirs is the kind of shallowness upon which we can repeatedly project not just our own apprehensions of desire but those of everyone we know and will come to know throughout our lives . And so what if the novel 's skeleton is little more than pulp ? What would have happened if the storyline were any more elaborately designed ? Would it have become even more lachrymose ? Or more farcical ? Something would have been thrown off-balance . With each rereading , one finds that Fitzgerald made all the right choices and arranged them all with as much precision as he was able to summon . This also applies to the language -- which has left many so dumbstruck with wonder and admiration that it threatens to paralyze even one 's effort to express admiration for it . Recall 1974 's more immaculately fashioned movie version of "  Gatsby , " which was directed by ace literary adaptor Jack Clayton  "  The Innocents "  , boasted a screenplay by "  The Godfather 's " Francis Ford Coppola and starred Robert Redford as Gatsby , Mia Farrow as Daisy and Sam Waterston as Nick . That film was enormously faithful to Fitzgerald 's novel -- and not much else . Luhrmann 's , for the record , is just as faithful . But Clayton 's film of "  Gatsby " does n't so much render the book so much as one 's reverential reading of it . Luhrmann 's response is more rapturous and unruly -- and , perhaps , this brings it closest of all to the spirit of the emotionally clumsy but romantic dreamer who created this enduring story in the first place . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gene Seymour .	Gene Seymour : How can any director translate beauty of Fitzgerald prose in "  Gatsby ? " They keep trying , he says . Lurmann film comes close to touching novel 's emotional spirit The book is thin , its characters distant , and that 's precisely the point , he says Seymour : Reverent , literal adaptations do n't capture novel . But Lurmann 's succeeds
This news will bring a smile to the face of many Jared Leto fans . The Oscar-winning actor has been cast to play the Joker in "  Suicide Squad , " based on the DC Comics series , due in theaters on August 5 , 2016 . Warner Bros. . Pictures  owned by Time Warner , just like CNN  confirmed the long-rumored casting on Tuesday . Not to be outdone , Leto will be joined in the cast by Will Smith , who will portray the antihero Deadshot , while Margot Robbie is playing the Joker 's girlfriend , Harley Quinn , a fan favorite . Tom Hardy -- best known as Bane from "  The Dark Knight Rises " -- returns to the world of comic book movies as Rick Flagg . Rounding out the cast are Jai Courtney as Boomerang and Cara Delevingne as Enchantress . David Ayer -- writer of "  The Fast and the Furious " and "  Training Day " -- will write "  Suicide Squad " and take the director 's chair , as previously announced . "  We look forward to seeing this terrific ensemble , under Ayer 's amazing guidance , give new meaning to what it means to be a villain and what it means to be a hero , " said Greg Silverman , president of Creative Development and Worldwide Production for Warner Bros. . With Leto sure to relish the role of the Clown Prince of Crime , and Smith stepping out of the role of hero , this will be an interesting one to watch .	Long-rumored cast for comic book film ` Suicide Squad ' confirmed Jared Leto will play the Joker , Will Smith cast as antihero Deadshot Margot Robbie will portray fan favorite Harley Quinn
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Prosecutors dropped drug charges against rapper T.I. related to his arrest in West Hollywood , California , last month , the Los Angeles district attorney 's office said . T.I. , whose real name is Clifford Harris , and his wife , "  Tiny " Tameka Cottle , were arrested on drug charges after a traffic stop on Sunset Boulevard in September . The arrest and a failed drug test the next day resulted in a federal judge in Georgia ordering the rapper back to prison for 11 months for violating his probation from a weapons conviction . Harris . 29 , must turn himself in next week to begin serving his prison term next week for the probation violation . Defense lawyer Steve Sadow told CNN the decision to drop the charges was "  the right thing to do under the circumstances . " "  Both his Los Angeles defense attorney , Blair Berk , and myself commend the Los Angeles district attorney 's office for exercising its discretion to reject prosecution in light of the legal and factual issues involved , " Sadow said . An arraignment hearing had been set for next month , but the decision to reject charges against Harris will save Los Angeles taxpayers the expense of flying him from a federal prison in Georgia to California . No decision has been made about the drug charges against Cottle , 35 , the prosecutor 's office said . Harris acknowledged in federal court this month that he had a drug addition problem . "  I screwed up big time and I am sorry , " Harris told U.S. District Judge Charles Pannell Jr. "  I am sincerely sorry . I am scared that you will send me to prison . " "  Mr. Harris has had the limit of second chances , " Pannell said as he imposed the 11-month sentence . Harris received an unusual plea agreement two years ago to resolve federal gun charges . Those charges followed his attempt to buy three machine guns in the parking lot of an Atlanta grocery store . He served a year of house detention before he spent nine months in prison and three months in a halfway house . The cornerstone of the plea deal was his community service which included the rapper speaking to young people about the importance of staying off drugs and out of trouble . "  He was supposed to be living what he was preaching , " said U.S. Attorney Sally Yates . Harris is an Atlanta-based rapper , music producer and actor . He is also the head of the Grand Hustle record label . CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report .	NEW : Defense lawyer Steve Sadow says it 's "  the right thing to do " The arrest triggered a probation violation hearing for T.I. The rapper must return to federal prison for 11 months
CNN  -- When you finish one video game in a series and begin the next , you 're basically forced to start from scratch without carrying over any of your accomplishments from the previous game . But the popular "  Mass Effect " sci-fi action trilogy aims to change that -- by allowing players to complete one game and transfer their character to the next one in the series . It is an ambitious project that involves nearly 35,000 lines of dialogue . "  We wanted to create the biggest story we could tell , " said Casey Hudson , BioWare 's project director for "  Mass Effect 2 " and executive producer of the "  Mass Effect " franchise . The just-released "  Mass Effect 2 " picks up the story as the lead character , named Shepard , has been brought back to life after a devastating attack by an invading race of machines bent on eliminating organic life . The action takes place shortly after the events of the first "  Mass Effect , " which was set in the year 2183 in the Milky Way galaxy . In a rare twist , players who played the first "  Mass Effect " game are being given the opportunity to import their characters into the new game along with all their rewards , romances and consequences . Hudson said his team tried to create a fictional universe that players could explore over long periods of time to "  have an epic experience . " By carrying over the data from the original "  Mass Effect , " Hudson 's team tried to show the consequences of characters ' choices . But by accounting for so many variables in the first games , Bioware was faced with a daunting task going forward . "  We used tech skills we developed going back to ` Baldur 's Gate ' -LSB- in 1998 -RSB- , " Hudson explained . "  Writing for ` ME2 ' was the hardest thing we 've ever done . " "  Mass Effect 2 " has 15 to 20 percent more dialogue and 30 percent more key decisions -- choices that affect the game 's outcome -- than the first game , said Hudson , who believes the voice acting in the new game is more movie-like than the first one . "  It took several months of voice work , and often we would bring back an actor to get the right inflections for the character and the scene , " he said . "  There are hundreds of characters in the game that needed voices . " Although "  Mass Effect 2 " is being billed as a dark second chapter in the trilogy , there are laugh-out-loud moments of dialogue . Playing the game reveals that even its tense moments are given a softer edge with unexpected comic exchanges between characters . For example , in one scene , Shepard tries to persuade a character not to follow orders that could lead to a "  suicide mission . " Without missing a beat , Shepard 's squad mates look at each other as one says , "  We can ignore suicidal orders ? Why was n't I told about that ? " "  Mass Effect 2 " also offers players the opportunity to interrupt a conversation and create a whole new path . During a scene when another character is talking , icons will appear to let you change the conversation with a Paragon move  good  or Renegade move  bad  . Side plots tie into the main story more than in the first game , so even these chat-interrupting choices could have an impact later on . "  Things can happen in conversation , " Hudson said when asked about the interrupt feature . "  It makes the conversation feel alive . " Work has already begun to complete the final chapter of the "  Mass Effect " trilogy . And gamers should n't assume that Shepard makes it to the end of "  Mass Effect 3 . " Hudson said Shepard can die a final death if the player makes wrong choices or inspires bad loyalty from his crew . "  We made it so you 'll still get a satisfying ending , but yes , Shepard can actually die , " he said .	Players who played the first "  Mass Effect " game can import their data into the new game "  Writing for ` ME2 ' was the hardest thing we 've ever done , " project director says "  Mass Effect 2 " has 15 % to 20 % more dialogue and 30 % more decision-making options
Luggage-storing robots , iPhones instead of room keys and an elevator that plays different tunes according to the number of passengers -- just some of the futuristic features in the world 's most hi-tech hotels . Labor-saving ? In most cases , probably . But if you 've only just figured out how to work your in-room safe , you could be in for some problems ... Yotel New York Hi-tech USP : A robot stores your luggage Room keys at the Yotel New York are dispensed at electronic check-in terminals , and guests can watch the hotel 's resident robot , Yobot , store their luggage . Soundproofed rooms have motorized , moving beds to save space and the air conditioning is activated by motion sensors . Even the hotel restaurant , DohYO , is hi-tech , with tables that diners can raise and lower at the flick of a switch . Yotel New York , 570 Tenth Ave. ; +1 6464497700 ; from $ 199 per night Hotel Blow Up Hall 50 50 , Pozna , Poland Hi-tech USP : iPhones double as room keys There are no room numbers at this Polish hotel -- guests locate and open their rooms with iPhones that use digital recognition technology to unlock the doors . The hotel is filled with digital art installations , including a piece in the lobby that creates an enormous stylized image of guests using surveillance-style shots . Hotel Blow Up Hall 50 50 , ul . Kociuszki 42 , Pozna ; +48 61 657 99 80 ; from $ 156 per night QT Sydney , Australia Hi-tech USP : Elevator plays tunes according to number of passengers You probably would n't check in here for this feature alone but it 's a curious -- or possibly annoying -- extra . Custom technology senses how many people are in the elevator and plays a matching song . Elvis 's "  Are You Lonesome Tonight " is among the selections for a single occupant , while a couple -- or just two random individuals -- might be treated to Bill Withers ' "  Just the Two of Us . " Digital art , ranging from the light installations to HD videos , complete the QT 's hi-tech feel . QT Sydney , 49 Market St. , Sydney ; +61 2 8262 0000 ; from $ 348 per night theWit , Chicago Hi-tech USP : In-room sensors adjust room temperature to body temperature Sensors in theWit 's rooms automatically adjust the ambient temperature to that of your body . Taking the pampering further , instead of dialing your service requests to housekeeping down in the basement somewhere , you can send a message straight to the closest member of staff 's mobile device . In public areas , a sound system plays selected audio according to the time of day -- chirping birds in the daytime and crickets at night . theWit , 201 N. State St. , Chicago ; +1 3124670200 ; from $ 189 per night Hong Kong Peninsula Hotel Hi-tech USP : Claims to be the only hotel chain with its own research and development facility . Custom-made electronic tablets in the rooms , pre-programmed in the appropriate language , can be used to order movies and access Hong Kong city guides . Wall-mounted and bedside touchscreen panels allow guests to call housekeeping , activate electronic "  do not disturb " signs and adjust lighting . Hong Kong Peninsula Hotel , Salisbury Road ; +85229202888 ; from $ 603 per night Ushuaa Ibiza Beach Hotel , Ibiza , Spain Hi-tech USP : Pay for everything with a biometric scan of your fingerprints . When you check into the Ushuaa Ibiza Beach Hotel , you do n't just register a credit card , but your fingerprints , too . Thus identified , you can pay for everything -- from room service to drinks at the bar -- by simply touching the screen on a portable biometric scanner . Guests can also register their fingerprints on so-called Facebook Totems around the hotel , letting them log in to their profiles by touch . Ushuaa Ibiza Beach Hotel , Playa d'en Bossa , Ibiza ; + 34902424252 ; from $ 254 per night Hotel 1,000 , Seattle Hi-tech USP : Infrared sensors protect privacy Infrared sensors in the rooms here detect guests ' body heat and alert staff to their presence -- thus hopefully forestalling one of those embarrassing post-shower nude-prancing encounters with the housekeeper , even when you 're sure you put the do-not-disturb sign on the door . Another hi-tech feature here is niche but still impressive : a virtual golf course in the lobby with infrared tracking systems that allow guests to "  play " 50 international golf courses . Hotel 1000 , 1000 First Ave. , Seattle ; +1 2069571000 ; rates from $ 259 per night W Hotel Sentosa Cove , Singapore Hi-tech USP : Touchscreen tables and a mirror-cum-Facebook camera in the bar Kicking off the futuristic theme , when guests enter the lobby a sensor takes a picture and displays personalized , kaleidoscope-like digital artwork . There appears to be a grand plan at work in the drinking areas : that guests need never leave . In the W Lounge , you can play games on the interactive touchscreen bar tables . And in the Woobar , a mirror doubling as a camera lets guests upload photos of themselves to social media . W Hotel Sentosa Cove , 21 Ocean Way , Singapore ; +84 583880000 ; from $ 504 per night The Magdalen Chaper , Exeter , UK Hi-tech USP : Everything 's done by iPad The Magdalen Chapter is a paper-free zone . Guests are checked in on iPads and given one to use for the duration of their stay . You order room service on your iPad , and the restaurant displays the wine list on it . Guests can play music and video content from laptops , USB sticks or iPads through media hubs , within the rooms , connected to TVs . The Magdalen Chapter , Magdalen Street , Exeter ; +44 01392 281 000 ; from $ 193 per night	In one New York hotel , a robot stores your luggage In Ibiza , you pay the check via fingerprint In a Chicago hotel , sensors tweak room heat according to your body temperature But if you still ca n't work the hotel safe , these places could mean trouble
CNN  -- Melissa Huckaby , the former Sunday school teacher accused of kidnapping , raping and killing 8-year-old Sandra Cantu , will face additional charges that she tried to poison two people , including another 7-year-old girl . Melissa Huckaby is charged with killing Sandra Cantu and attempted poisoning of second child . A revised complaint against Huckaby , 28 , of Tracy , California , was made public just hours before she was due back in court on Friday . The new charges caused another delay in the murder case , CNN afiliate KRON reported . The complaint charged that Huckaby "  did willfully and unlawfully mingle a harmful substance with food or drink " with the intent to harm the child , identified only as "  Jane M. Doe . " Another alleged poisoning victim was identified as Daniel Plowman , but no age or other information was immediately provided . The latest charges also include one count of child abuse endangerment relating to the unidentified child , who was allegedly in Huckaby 's "  care and custody . " Read the complaint  PDF Huckaby did not enter a plea in the Cantu slaying in her first two court appearances last month . At an earlier hearing , Judge Linda L. Loftis agreed to keep the autopsy and toxicology reports under seal , citing a "  great danger of public outrage . " If convicted on the murder , rape and kidnapping charges , Huckaby , could face the death penalty or life in prison without parole , authorities said . CNN 's Alan Duke and Jim Roope contributed to this report	NEW : Melissa Huckaby charged with attempting to poison "  Jane Doe , " 7 Huckaby due in court to face charges in slaying of another 8-year-old She faces special circumstances including kidnap , rape by instrument Decision on whether to seek the death penalty will come later
KANSAS CITY , Missouri  CNN  -- President Bush drew parallels between the aftermath of the Vietnam War and the potential costs of pulling out of Iraq in a speech Wednesday . President Bush draws parallels Wednesday between the cost of pulling out of Iraq and "  the tragedy of Vietnam . " "  Three decades later , there is a legitimate debate about how we got into the Vietnam War and how we left , " Bush told members of the Veterans of Foreign Wars , at their convention in Kansas City , Missouri . "  Whatever your position in that debate , one unmistakable legacy of Vietnam is that the price of America 's withdrawal was paid by millions of innocent citizens , whose agonies would add to our vocabulary new terms like ` boat people , ' 're - education camps ' and ` killing fields , ' " the president said . The White House billed the speech , as it did next week 's address to the American Legion , as an effort to "  provide broader context " for the debate over the upcoming Iraq progress report by Gen. David Petraeus , the top U.S. military commander , and Ryan Crocker , the U.S. ambassador in Baghdad . Bush also sought to shore up the perception of his support for Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , after voicing some frustration with him on Tuesday . "  Prime Minister Maliki 's a good guy -- good man with a difficult job and I support him , " Bush said . "  And it 's not up to the politicians in Washington , D.C. , to say whether he will remain in his position . Watch Bush reiterate his support for al-Maliki " Sen. Edward Kennedy , D-Massachusetts , said Bush had drawn the wrong lesson from history : "  America lost the war in Vietnam because our troops were trapped in a distant country we did not understand supporting a government that lacked sufficient legitimacy with its people , " Kennedy said in a statement . Sen. Joe Biden , Democratic chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , invoked his own Vietnam analogy in a statement released after the speech : "  It 's the president 's policies that are pushing us toward another Saigon moment -- with helicopters fleeing the roof of our embassy -- which he says he wants to avoid . " Biden said Bush continues to cling to the premise that Iraqis will rally behind a strong central government , but he believes that will not happen . "  There 's no trust within the Iraqi government ; no trust of the government by the Iraqi people ; no capacity of that government to deliver security or services ; and no prospect that it will build that trust or capacity any time soon , " Biden 's statement said . But House Republican leader John Boehner of Ohio said more Democrats are "  bucking their party leaders " in acknowledging progress in Iraq . "  Many rank-and-file Democrats have seen this progress firsthand and are now acknowledging the successes of a strategy they 've repeatedly opposed , " Boehner said in a statement . "  But Democratic leaders , deeply invested in losing the war , would rather move the goalposts and claim that a precipitous withdrawal is the right approach despite the overwhelming evidence of significant progress . " Former presidential adviser David Gergen said Bush ran the risk of doing as much harm as good for his case . "  By invoking Vietnam he raised the question , ` if you learned so much from history , how did you ever get us involved in another quagmire ? ' " Gergen said . Gergen said he did agree with Bush in one respect , though : "  He 's right , initially when we pulled back in Vietnam there were massive killings . " On Tuesday , Bush had expressed frustration with the pace of progress toward political reconciliation in Iraq , saying if the Iraqi government does n't "  respond to the demands of the people , they will replace the government . " Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki on Wednesday shot back at criticism of his government , including pointed remarks from a U.S. senator who called his administration "  nonfunctioning " and urged Iraq 's parliament to turn it out of office . Speaking at a press conference in the Syrian capital of Damascus , al-Maliki characterized such comments as "  irresponsible " and said they "  overstep the bounds of diplomatic and political courtesy . " Government spokesman Ali Dabbagh told CNN that al-Maliki was referring to comments made Monday by Sen. Carl Levin , the Michigan Democrat who chairs the Senate Armed Services Committee , who called on Iraq 's parliament to turn al-Maliki 's "  nonfunctioning " government out of office when it returns in two weeks . Levin said al-Maliki 's government was "  too beholden to religious and sectarian leaders " to reach a political settlement that would end the country 's sectarian and insurgent violence . In his speech , Bush said withdrawing from Vietnam emboldened today 's terrorists by compromising U.S. credibility , citing a quote from al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden that the American people would rise against the Iraq war the same way they rose against the war in Vietnam . "  Here at home , some can argue our withdrawal from Vietnam carried no price to American credibility , but the terrorists see things differently , " Bush said . President Bush has frequently asked lawmakers -- and the American people -- to withhold judgment on his troop "  surge " in Iraq until the report comes out in September . It is being closely watched on Capitol Hill , particularly by Republicans nervous about the political fallout from an increasingly unpopular war . Earlier this month , Defense Secretary Robert Gates said he would wait for the report before deciding when a drawdown of the 160,000 U.S. troops in Iraq might begin . Bush 's speeches Wednesday and next week are the latest attempts by the White House to try to reframe the debate over Iraq , as public support for the war continues to sag . A recent CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll found that almost two-thirds of Americans -- 64 percent -- now oppose the Iraq war , and 72 percent say the Petraeus report will have no effect on their opinion . The poll also found a great deal of skepticism about the report ; 53 percent said they do not trust Petraeus to give an accurate assessment of the situation in Iraq . In addition to his analogy to Vietnam , Bush referred to previous conflicts in Asia in talking about the war against terror in Iraq . "  There are many differences between the wars we fought in the Far East and the war on terror we are fighting today , " Bush said . "  But one important similarity is that at their core , they are all ideological struggles . "  The militarists of Japan and the Communists in Korea and Vietnam were driven by a merciless vision for the proper ordering of humanity . They killed Americans because we stood in the way of their attempt to force this ideology on others . " Bush said history proved skeptics wrong about Japan 's ability to become a free society and will prove those who want to withdraw from Iraq wrong . "  In the aftermath of Japan 's surrender , many thought it naive to help the Japanese transform themselves into a democracy . Then , as now , the critics argued that some people were simply not fit for freedom , " Bush said . "  Today , in defiance of the critics , Japan ... stands as one of the world 's great free societies . " E-mail to a friend	NEW : Kennedy : Bush drawing wrong lesson from history President says withdrawing from Iraq will embolden terrorists Speech is latest White House attempt to try to reframe the debate over Iraq
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The State Department on Monday continued to publicly downplay the threat North Korea presents to the United States with spokesman P.J. Crowley telling reporters North Korea "  represents an infinitesimal threat to the United States directly . " A North Korean soldier looks at the South Korean side of the demilitarized zone earlier this month . The spokesman 's statement followed comments from Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in an interview with ABC , broadcast Monday , in which she said the reason for the United States ' low-key reaction to North Korea 's recent missile test was that the United States was n't "  going to give the North Koreans the satisfaction they were looking for , which was to elevate them to center stage . " In that interview , Clinton said North Korea has a "  constant demand for attention , " and she added , "  maybe it 's the mother in me , the experience I 've had with small children and teenagers and people who are demanding attention : Do n't give it to them . " After calling the direct threat to the U.S. "  infinitesimal , " Crowley went on to say that "  North Korea , and its provocative actions , does represent a significant threat to the region and its actions recently have been unhelpful and potentially destabilizing . " A senior U.S. official , who did not want to be identified , said there is a "  theoretical " question of whether a North Korean missile could hit the United States . "  There 's nothing in their recent development , " he said , "  which would suggest that their technology is becoming more accurate . " The United States says its primary concerns about North Korea 's actions are its impact on security in the region and the risk of nuclear proliferation . Last week the United Nations imposed sanctions on a number of individuals , companies and goods connected with North Korea 's nuclear and missile programs . Taking aim at several key North Korean officials , it subjected them to a freeze on their assets and an international travel ban .	State Department spokesman : Recent actions "  potentially destabilizing " to region Secretary of State Clinton : North Korea has "  constant demand for attention " That is why U.S. had low-key reaction to missile tests , Clinton says
This is Autism Awareness Month , and it 's a good time to set the record straight on autism and violence . After Sandy Hook , there was a lot of talk about whether shooter Adam Lanza had Asperger 's syndrome , a form of autism , and , if so , whether that played a role in his violent behavior . The response from people touched by autism and autism professionals was immediate and unequivocal : There is no connection between any autism spectrum disorder and violent aggression . Unfortunately , stating the facts did little to stop the speculation . It 's almost as if people wanted to "  make it so " as an easy way to explain the inexplicable . Every new story seemed to mention Asperger 's in the headline or opening lines . The implied connection was unmistakable . The truth is , people with autism are far more likely to be victims of violence than perpetrators . Even in our supposedly enlightened society , anyone who is different can become a magnet for bullies and predators . Growing up with undiagnosed Asperger 's , I learned that the hard way . So did my son , Jack  I call him Cubby  , who also has Asperger 's . I 'd sensed that all my life , but it 's also supported by scientific studies , in both medical and criminal justice research . Opinion : I have Asperger 's and I 'm just like you Those of us on the autism spectrum have enough problems simply being different in an often intolerant world . Thanks to our limited sense of the emotions swirling around us , we live in the shadow of often unseen threats , as so many of us have learned to our detriment . The unspoken emotional subtext that most people take for granted is mysterious and invisible to us . Our oblivion leads to bad feeling , and we never know exactly how and where we went wrong . Media talk of Asperger 's and murder -- even when it 's only speculation -- raises that threat level significantly . Insinuations like this dehumanize people with Asperger 's and label us as "  sociopaths " or "  future attackers . " Where does that lead ? Exclusion , bullying and mistreatment , even more than before . Troubling legacy of Sandy Hook may create backlash against kids with autism Prejudice affects us in many ways , most all of which are bad . My son found that out four years ago , when a state prosecutor decided that his scientific fascination with explosives was a terrorist threat and only she could "  save " our community . She charged him with four felonies , carrying a maximum sentence of more than 60 years in prison . Growing up autistic Cubby was 17 years old when he was indicted . He 'd never been in trouble with either the law or in school , and was on track to make Eagle Scout , where he taught the chemistry merit badge course . His only "  crime " was turning household chemicals into experimental explosives , which he set off and filmed in the woods behind our house . Even the ATF agents who first investigated were impressed by Cubby 's scientific acumen and curiosity and certain that he intended no harm . It took a year of our lives , $ 100,000 and a weeklong jury trial to set the record straight . At the end the prosecutor just walked away , as do most bullies and predators . Our society can be awful long on prejudgment and woefully short on consequences . It 's time to change the conversation . Asperger 's does n't make a person a killer or a terrorist . It 's the disturbing truth that anyone can turn violent or deadly , and it 's proven very difficult to identify who 's vulnerable and what the trigger might be . Opinion : Leave autism out of mass shootings Psychologist Phil Zimbardo showed that we all have a dark side , one that can emerge quite suddenly , in his famous Stanford Prison Experiment , which was cut off early when students who played prison guards became sadistic and those who played prisoners became depressed . Indeed , most of the rampage killers of the past 30 years apparently popped up out of nowhere . What did we miss ? The central question for us as a society should be : How can we identify those people at risk for aggressive violence , and get them support while help is still an option ? I believe violence should be a research priority at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the National Institutes of Health . After the fact analysis does n't help anyone , and it wo n't bring back the dead . We need to understand what makes people turn on others and how we can defuse that threat . Groups : Autism not to blame for violence At the same time , we must learn to stop the rush to judgment when the person next to us acts "  a little strange . " Eccentric people have brought humanity some of its greatest gifts and inventions , and we need to encourage difference , not chase it into hiding . Imagine where we 'd be today if Alfred Nobel , who invented dynamite , had been prosecuted like my son -- instead of praised for his service to humanity .	John Robison : Debunk "  link " between autism and violence this Autism Awareness Month Robison : Reports that Asperger 's sparked Sandy Hook shooter spread prejudice Having Asperger 's , he says , and being different is bad enough without that myth We need to stop looking for easy answers and find out what really causes violence , he says
Washington  CNN  -- Karl Rove , often described as President George W. Bush 's brain , defended the former president in a new book against claims that he lied to the American public in order to invade Iraq in 2003 . " -LSB- D -RSB- id Bush lie us into war ? Absolutely not , " Rove wrote in his 516-page book , "  Courage and Consequence : My Life as a Conservative in the Fight . " The book highlights Rove 's life and career and his time working for Bush . Rove , a long-time political advisor who joined Bush in the White House after the 2000 campaign , said the U.S. would n't have gone to war with Iraq if the administration knew that weapons of mass destruction would n't be found . "  Would the Iraq War have occurred without WMD ? I doubt it , " he wrote . "  Congress was very unlikely to have supported the use-of-force resolution without the threat of WMD . The Bush administration itself would probably have sought other ways to constrain Saddam , bring about regime change , and deal with Iraq 's horrendous human rights violations . " Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein , Rove argued , may have destroyed most of his WMD stockpiles or possibly moved them to other countries such as Syria before the war . "  But I am under no illusions ; the failure to find stockpiles of WMD did great damage to the administration 's credibility , " he wrote . "  Our weak response in defense of the president and in setting the record straight , is , I believe , one of the biggest mistakes of the Bush years . " He goes on to say , "  So who was responsible for the failure to respond ? I was . I should have stepped forward , rung the warning bell , and pressed for full-scale response . I did n't . " Enhanced Interrogation Rove discusses the Bush administration 's support for the controversial interrogation technique known as waterboarding , which Democrats and others have described as torture . He defends the use of enhanced interrogation techniques  EITs  , arguing they were authorized by the Department of Justice in August 2002 and signed off by then-CIA director George Tenet . He also disputes claims that the administration failed to brief members of Congress on the use of these techniques . "  When these techniques were first authorized , Democratic leaders had been briefed about them . Their silence made them complicit in their use , " he wrote . "  Nonetheless , when political winds shifted and memories of 9/11 faded , some Democratic leaders claimed that they had never been told about the techniques and that the Bush administration used EITs only in secret . " He singled out House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D-California , who charged in July 2009 that the CIA misled Congress in a secret briefing she received in 2002 . Pelosi said the CIA failed to inform her and others at the briefing about harsh interrogation techniques being used on terrorism suspects . The CIA responded by saying Pelosi was told about the harsh techniques , including waterboarding , at the classified 2002 briefing . As for whether the techniques were actually torture , Rove says the president "  never authorized torture , " but rather "  did just the opposite " by making sure the techniques "  did not cross the legal line into torture . " "  What 's more , EITs did help our intelligence agents gather critical information to thwart future attacks , " he added . Hurricane Katrina Bush and his administration have been criticized for their response to Hurricane Katrina , which devastated much of the Gulf Coast in 2005 . One incident Rove addresses in the book involves Bush flying over Louisiana in Air Force One rather than landing and surveying the damage . Rove says he was "  one of the people responsible for this mistake , " and argued that the president should n't land in New Orleans in the immediate aftermath so as not to hinder relief efforts , but rather come back days later . Rove notes that while the decision did not help out Bush politically , it was the right thing to do so as not to take away vital resources that were needed for the relief effort . Bush DUI Rove cites a particularly touchy subject that emerged during the 2000 presidential campaign : Bush 's 1976 arrest for driving while under the influence of alcohol . Rove said that while Bush told a few people about it , including himself , the governor did n't want it to be made public . The DUI disclosure , which came out shortly before Election Day , was "  suspicious , " Rove says . He points a finger at Vice President Al Gore 's campaign spokesman , Chris Lehane , as a possible source of the information getting out . " -LSB- W -RSB- e had our suspicions and they centered on Lehane , " Rove writes . "  He had been raised in Kennebunk , was one of the Democratic Party 's best opposition researchers , had run the Maine campaign for Clinton-Gore , worked on the White House rapid-response team handling scandals during the Clinton years , played around in Maine Democratic politics ... " Cheney as a running mate Dick Cheney , a Defense Secretary under President George H.W. Bush and former Wyoming congressman , was tasked to help then-candidate Bush picking a running mate . Some of the potential running mates that Bush and his campaign considered included former Sen. John Danforth of Missouri , former Gov. Lamar Alexander of Tennessee , along with Sens. Jon Kyl of Arizona and Chuck Hagel of Nebraska , among others . But it would be Cheney 's name that would resonate with Bush at the time . Rove says the governor was "  starting to feel that Cheney was as good as any " to fill the role . "  Bush had become impressed with Cheney 's thoroughness as head of the VP search and the intelligence and insights he offered in meetings ... Bush liked Cheney 's straightforward manner and his ability to question the fundamental premise of an argument , " Rove writes . Rove also confronts rumors in the book that Cheney picked himself , saying that accusation is "  far-fetched . " "  I saw the man squirm as Bush pressed him to accept , " he wrote . Valerie Plame Rove writes that the low point for him personally during the Bush presidency was when reporters were camped out at his home and he faced a possible indictment over leaking CIA operative Valerie Plame 's name to the media -- an accusation he denies in the book . Upon finding out that prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald was not likely to charge him , he says he "  placed the receiver in its cradle and wept . " John Edwards Rove also wrote that he was most worried in the 2004 re-election campaign about then-Sen . John Edwards , who unsuccessfully sought the Democratic presidential nomination that year . "  He was a fresh face , articulate and engaging , and attractive to the point of being almost too pretty , " Rove wrote . "  He was a product of the South , which had helped Bill Clinton a dozen years before . " But Rove also charged that Edwards was unprincipled , flip-flopped on issues and was somewhat vain . "  Edwards also seemed inordinately in love with his looks , his voice , with himself , " Rove said . Rove 's memoir goes beyond the Bush years , his criticism of the media and Democrats . He also takes readers back to his childhood and opens up about how he dealt with his mother 's suicide .	In new book , Karl Rove says U.S. would not have gone to war if WMDs would n't be found Rove defends use of enhanced interrogation techniques , claims they prevented terror attacks Rove opens up about Bush 's response to Hurricane Katrina , Dick Cheney
CNN  -- Thailand is facing its worst flooding since 1942 , with 373 people dead , more than nine million affected and 28 -- or more than a third -- of the nation 's provinces at least partially flooded after a series of strong seasonal storms that brought exceptional rainfall . More than a billion cubic meters of runoff are expected to pass through some of the northern parts of Bangkok on its way toward the Gulf of Thailand , some 30 kilometers  20 miles  away , as high tides are set to peak on Saturday . CNN takes a look at what the low-lying Thai capital , which straddles the Chao Phraya River , is experiencing , with insights from Craig Steffensen , Asian Development Bank 's country director for Thailand . Q . What do high tides mean for the city ? "  Picture the equivalent of 480,000 Olympic-sized pools of water trying to make their way through Bangkok at the moment , " Steffensen said Friday . "  Combined with the floodwaters trying to get out and the tides coming in ... we could see a perfect storm in Bangkok . " The capital lies barely above sea level and is already sinking within the Chao Phraya delta , as sea levels in the Gulf of Thailand rise . The city is protected by dikes , but they may not be high enough to cope with the current flooding . "  Barriers on the north side of Bangkok are 3 to 3.5 meters  10 to 11.5 feet  high , and water is penetrating these barriers , " Steffensen pointed out . Especially hard-hit are the industrial areas to the north , Ayutthaya and Pathum Thani . Authorities have been diverting waters to the east and west of Bangkok to get them out to the Gulf . But dam levels are already at 100 percent capacity , if not more , said Steffensen . "  It 's anybody 's guess what Bangkok will look like in next 24-48 hours , " he added . Q . How protected is the historic heart of the city ? Floodwaters have already reached roads around Bangkok 's historic Grand Palace and Emerald Buddha Temple . According to MCOT , the Thai media company , the level of the Chao Phraya River had reached 2.46 meters  8 feet  , or sea level , and was expected to rise further by evening . Flooding had already affected more than 200 of 500 temples in Ayutthaya province , home to the World Heritage Site , its governor has said . Further assessment can not be made until the water recedes , however . Q. Has the transportation network been able to weather the floods , given the elevated roads and rail network ? Bangkok 's main international and domestic Suvarnabhumi airport is operating normally and is protected with a 22.5 km  14-mile  , 3-meter  10-foot  dike system . Also running are the elevated Skytrain and the underground metro system . Nearly 80 highways in 15 provinces are impassable , and northbound rail services have been suspended , according to the government . However , trade and commerce have picked up , as people find ways to bypass the floods by going east or west in order to reach the north , Steffensen noted . Don Muang Airport , which primarily services domestic flights , has been closed since Tuesday night after floodwaters inundated runways and affected the lighting . Nok Air and Orient Thai , which both usually operate from there , have since moved operations to Suvarnabhumi . The flood relief operation will nonetheless continue to operate from Don Muang , which had housed flood victims but was forced to evacuate them to other locations . Q . How is Bangkok holding up , as far as water supplies , sanitation and power supplies ? Floods in areas to the northeast of Bangkok have forced people to upper floors of dwellings and led to the loss of electricity , water supply and sanitation . Access to drinking water in remote areas is a concern . Steffensen said that despite being in a location that is n't near floods , "  the tap water in our residences has taken a funny smell . " People are choosing bottled water over boiled water , but finding bottled water in stores is difficult because the shelves are empty . Power supply , internet and telephone service are functioning normally in the center of Bangkok , he said . Q . What is the economic toll ? The World Bank has estimated a 2 percent decline in GDP because of the floods . "  The urban poor is mostly likely to be the hardest hit , " said Steffensen . Most of the flooding has occurred in flood-prone areas with condensed housing Floods have caused $ 5 billion in damage to industries and half a dozen industrial estates , said Steffensen , with Japanese industries alone facing losses of at least half that amount , he said . Read more about Thai floods stalling automakers Although he expressed reluctance to talk about the overall economic impact at this point , Steffensen said certain things were clear : "  Rice production will decrease in Thailand , Cambodia and Vietnam , and rice prices will be affected . That billions of dollars of investment in the industrial sector are underwater are bound to affect Thailand 's exports , employment situation , economic growth and development . " Industrial estates could take weeks if not months to drain and get production lines back running again , creating bumps in supply chains and possibly affecting manufacturers ' abilities to get good on shelves by Christmas , he added . Rice exports were expected to drop 50 percent in October from the monthly average of 1 million tonnes , according to the Thai Rice Exporters Association . Q . What are the positives for Bangkok right now ? The floods have proven to be a political test for the new prime minister , Yingluck Shinawatra , who was elected in July . "  The government has gone all out , everything they could possibly do to mitigate the impact of these floods , " said Steffensen . But more striking is the resilience of the Thai people , he said . "  In relief centers and more generally across the country , no one 's talking about red shirts or yellow shirts . All people are talking about the floods , helping one another . These floods have healed the country in a way that many people do n't appreciate today because the floods are about to come through Bangkok . " Q . What vulnerabilities will Bangkok need to address ? Authorities will need to raise dikes and invest in pump station capacity , coastal zone protection and land use planning , Steffensen said . The increasing number of floods in Thailand and the region are consistent with what 's expected as a result of climate change . Bangkok and other Asian coastal megacities -- like Ho Chi Minh City and Manila -- will flood more often and on a larger scale , if current climate change trends continue , he added , citing a joint report by the ADB , World Bank and Japan International Cooperation Agency last year .	Steffensen : Bangkok facing 480,000 Olympic-sized pools of water Main Suvarnabhumi airport operating normally , is protected by dike system World Bank estimates 2 percent decline in GDP because of floods Bangkok needs to raise dikes , invest in pump stations ; faces more floods
CNN  -- Two snowy owls injured by the downdraft of jets taking off in Boston have been released in a safer place where the likes of saltmarsh sparrows and piping plovers flutter amid marshes , bogs and beach dunes . The pair were released Monday morning at Parker River National Wildlife Refuge on Plum Island in northeastern Massachusetts , after nearly eight weeks of treatment and rehabilitation , said Dr. Flo Tseng , director of the wildlife clinic where the birds were treated . The yellow-eyed , white birds were taken in March to the Tufts Wildlife Clinic in North Grafton , where one was treated for soft-tissue wounds and the other had lifesaving surgery for a broken wing , said Tseng . The owls were rescued by Norman Smith , director of the Massachusetts Audubon Society 's Blue Hills Trailside Museum , after they were injured at Boston Logan International Airport . The owls have been a concern for decades at the airport , where authorities use nets to catch the birds before relocating them , Smith told CNN in December . A greater number of owls have been reported at the airport this year , Tseng said . Logan officials have captured and released more than 100 snowy owls this winter , as opposed to just 10 owls last year , she said . The influx is possibly due to an abundance of prey . Logan Airport 's likeness to the tundra makes it a favorable place for the birds to land , but a dangerous place to fly , Tseng said . Tufts Wildlife Clinic , part of the Cummings School of Veterinary Medicine at Tufts University , has treated six snowy owls this year . The clinic has a 100-foot flight pen that 's used for conditioning , a key part in the owl 's recovery , she said . "  We go in there and we bug them . We walk down to the end where they 're perched and they 'll fly down to the other end . So we end up exercising them , " Tseng said . Although snowy owls are not an endangered species , their numbers are declining and nobody knows the actual population of these birds , said Smith . Tseng said the rise and fall in the number of owls they treat each year varies . "  We try not to get attached because they 're wild animals and many wild animals do n't make it . It 's really hard for them in captivity , " she said . Tseng said she believes these two owls are the last the clinic will see this season , because most have already migrated back toward the Canadian Arctic . "  They 'll probably spend a little bit more time hanging around Plum Island , building up strength before going up north . " CNN 's Allie Malloy contributed to this report .	Pair of snowy owls released to wild after rehab at clinic They were injured by downdrafts at Logan Airport in Boston Birds will head north from a barrier island in northeast Massachusetts
London  CNN  -- Supporters of King Richard III want a just-revealed reconstruction of the monarch 's head to bring a human aspect to a leader portrayed through the centuries as a murderous villain who butchered his way to power . The Richard III Society commissioned the reconstruction -- which was unveiled before media in London Tuesday -- after remains believed to be those of the medieval king were discovered under in a parking lot in Leicester , England . Scientists announced Monday that DNA testing had established that the skeleton was indeed that of Richard III . Read more : Body found under parking lot is Richard III Since his death at the Battle of Bosworth Field in 1485 , Richard III has been portrayed as hunchbacked and hateful , accused of killing his own nephews , the "  Princes in the Tower , " to usurp the throne . But the Richard III Society believes the monarch has been unfairly maligned by history and in particular the Tudors who ousted him . It says its three-dimensional model of the king shows a face "  far removed from the image of the cold-blooded villain of Shakespeare 's play . " Twitter digs Richard III discovery Society chairman Dr. Phil Stone told reporters in London that the discovery and identification of the monarch had been "  a momentous time " for the society . He praised screenwriter Philippa Langley 's "  tenacity and bloody-mindedness " in pursuing the project to locate his remains . Langley said her aims had been two-fold -- to try to find Richard III so that his remains could be retrieved from an "  undignified place " and to "  go in search of the real Richard III . " Read more : Will Richard III discovery rewrite history ? Seeing the facial reconstruction , she said , had been the most important moment . "  It was the biggest moment because suddenly the aim of seeing the real Richard III came true . That 's a man who is three-dimensional in every sense . " In a statement , she said : "  The experience was breathtaking -- one of the most overwhelming moments of my life . "  I was n't alone in finding this an approachable , kindly face , almost inviting conversation . " Caroline Wilkinson , Professor of Craniofacial Identification at the University of Dundee led the reconstruction project . In a statement , she said Richard III 's facial structure was based on "  anatomical assessment and interpretation , and a 3D replication process known as stereolithography . " "  The final head was pained and textured with glass eyes and a wig , using the portraits as reference , to create a realistic and regal appearance . " Janice Aitken -- from the Duncan of Jordanstone College of Art and Design at the University of Dundee -- said CT scans of the monarch 's skull had been used to build the reconstruction , 70 % of which was within 2mm accuracy . Read more : Richard III : The king and the car park ? Aitken then painted his face . "  He is just a human being . Human beings have certain characteristics -- you can use artistic licence to make assumptions . " "  The most useful references were the faces of contemporaries . At one point I used my son . " Aitken said Langley had been clearly "  taken aback " when she saw the reconstruction for the first time and that the Richard III Society 's reaction as a whole had been "  extremely gratifying . " Stone said in a statement that the face was "  younger and fuller than we have been used to seeing , less careworn and with a hint of a smile . " Richard III seemed "  alive and about to speak , " he said . "  At last , it seems , we have the true image of Richard III -- is this the face that launched a thousand myths ? " Sarah Levitt , head of Leicester City Council 's Arts and Museum division said the reconstruction had the presence of a "  living , breathing man . " It would be given "  pride of place " in the Richard III visitors center due to open in the central England city next year , she said . Read more : Richard still the criminal king	Richard III Society commissioned a three-dimensional facial reconstruction of King Richard III Model based on remains found in Leicester and established as king 's through DNA testing Society says reconstruction shows the human aspect of the "  real Richard III " Reconstruction to be "  pride of place " at planned visitors center in Leicester , central England
CNN  -- The Syrian regime has carried out a "  systematic " series of abuses against protesters that could "  qualify as crimes against humanity , " and the United Nations must hold the government accountable , a leading humanitarian watchdog organization said Wednesday . Human Rights Watch makes these assertions in a report titled " ` We 've Never Seen Such Horror ' : Crimes against Humanity in Daraa . " The 57-page document contains chilling detail from dozens of victims and witnesses to abuses in Daraa province , the southwestern Syrian powder keg where the anti-government protest movement began in mid-March before spreading across the country . The government reacted with a tough crackdown against protesters . At present , the report says , there have been about 887 deaths "  across Syria , " including at least 418 people in Daraa province . "  For more than two months now , Syrian security forces have been killing and torturing their own people with complete impunity , " said Sarah Leah Whitson , Middle East director at Human Rights Watch . "  They need to stop -- and if they do n't , it is the Security Council 's responsibility to make sure that the people responsible face justice . " Human Rights Watch said the Syrian government should take "  immediate steps to halt the excessive use of lethal force by security forces " and that the U.N. Security Council "  should impose sanctions and press Syria for accountability . " If the government "  does n't respond adequately , " the council should refer Syria to the International Criminal Court , the group said . One major diplomat on Wednesday echoed the international outrage over Syria 's crackdown and raised the issue of ICC involvement . Australian Foreign Minister Kevin Rudd , speaking to the National Press Club in Canberra , said it is "  high time the Security Council " considered a formal referral of President Bashar al-Assad to the ICC . There was no immediate Syrian government reaction to the report , which "  is based on more than 50 interviews with residents of Daraa and several Jordanian nationals who were in Daraa during the protests . " Human Rights Watch said it has also "  reviewed dozens of videos , filmed by the witnesses , which corroborate their accounts . " The report notes that the demonstrations began in Daraa city with the "  detention and torture of 15 young boys accused of painting graffiti slogans calling for the downfall of the regime " and that the release of the "  bruised and bloodied " boys "  fanned the flames of popular anger . " "  On March 18 , following Friday prayer , several thousand protesters marched from al-Omari Mosque in Daraa calling for the release of the children and greater political freedom , and accusing government officials of corruption . Security forces initially used water cannons and teargas against the protesters and then opened live fire , killing at least four , " the report says . The protests then snowballed outside Daraa . Activists have blamed Syrian security forces for the deadly crackdown but Syria has blamed the violence on "  terrorist groups , " "  armed gangs , " and "  foreign elements . " Human Rights Watch said witnesses from Daraa "  provided consistent accounts of security forces using lethal force against peaceful protesters . " "  In some cases , security forces first used tear gas or fired in the air , but when protesters refused to disperse , they fired live ammunition from automatic weapons into the crowds . In most cases , especially as demonstrations in Daraa grew bigger , security forces opened fire without giving advance warning or making any effort to disperse the protesters by nonlethal means . "  Security forces deliberately targeted protesters , who were , in the vast majority of cases , unarmed and posed no threat to the forces ; rescuers who were trying to take the wounded and the dead away ; medical personnel trying to reach the wounded . " The report says witnesses regularly noted "  the presence of snipers on government buildings near the protests " and "  other evidence obtained by Human Rights Watch also suggests that security forces participating in the operations against the protesters  in Daraa and other cities  had received , at least in a number of cases , ` shoot-to-kill ' orders from their commanders . " Several elite army units and branches of the intelligence services were part of the crackdown . "  On several occasions army units deployed to quell the protests seemed reluctant to shoot at protesters , allowed them to pass through checkpoints , and , in at least two cases documented by Human Rights Watch , refused orders to shoot and either surrendered to the protesters or handed over their weapons to the protesters , " the report says . Many arrests "  seemed entirely arbitrary with no formal charges ever brought against the detainees " and witnesses described the detention conditions as appalling . "  Released detainees interviewed by Human Rights Watch said that they , as well as hundreds of others they saw in detention , were subjected to various forms of torture and degrading treatment , " the report says . "  The methods of torture included prolonged beatings with sticks , twisted wires , and other devices ; electric shocks administered with Tasers and electric batons ; use of improvised metal and wooden ` racks ' ; and , in at least one case documented by Human Rights Watch , the rape of a male detainee with a baton . "  Interrogators and guards also subjected detainees to various forms of humiliating treatment , such as urinating on the detainees , stepping on their faces , and making them kiss the officers ' shoes . Several detainees said they were repeatedly threatened with imminent execution . " The majority of witnesses interviewed by Human Rights Watch also referred to the existence of mass graves in Daraa . There was a punishing Syrian security siege that lasted at least 11 days from April 25 and extended to neighboring towns . "  Witnesses said that Daraa residents experienced acute shortages of food , water  because security forces shot and damaged water tanks  , medicine , and other necessary supplies during the siege . Electricity and all communications were cut off for at least 15 days , and , at the time of this writing , remained cut off in several neighborhoods in the city , " the report says . Authorities put an information blockade into effect on Daraa "  to ensure that abuses were not exposed " and cell phones with damning videos were regularly confiscated during searches , it says . "  No independent observers could enter the city and one international journalist who managed to report from Daraa during the first two weeks of protests in March was arrested upon his return to Damascus . " From April 25 to around May 22 , Daraa residents were not permitted to "  pray in mosques and all calls for prayer were banned , " the report says . "  Security forces occupied all of the mosques in the city and , according to witnesses who saw the mosques after they reopened , desecrated them by writing graffiti on the walls . "	The Human Rights Watch report focuses on Daraa province The report raises the issue of International Criminal Court involvement Hundreds have died across the country since mid-March
CNN  -- If , say , Justin Bieber were to offhandedly announce that he will never record another song ; if Kristen Stewart were to proclaim that she is finished acting forever ; if LeBron James were to declare that he has played his last game of basketball . ... If any of those things were to occur , they would become the topic of furious , nonstop national conversation . But when one of the most admired and honored authors of fiction this country has ever produced let it be known that he has written his last novel and will write no more , it took weeks for anyone in the United States to notice . Philip Roth told an interviewer for the French publication Les InRocks : "  I 'm done . " The interview appeared in early October . This month Salon magazine took note of the French interview and contacted Roth 's publisher ; the publisher checked with Roth and reported back that it was true . Roth , 79 , after more than half a century of brilliant work -- including more than two dozen novels and novellas -- has decided that his most recent book , "  Nemesis , " published two years ago , would be the last one . In the hierarchy of our contemporary world , popular music , movies and professional sports , as produced and played by the new stars of the moment , far outrank the written word in terms of the public 's fascination . No one was exactly breaking into network newscasts with breathless bulletins about Roth 's decision . But for those of us who have followed his career and have long been stirred by the breadth and depth of his artistry , the idea that he would voluntarily close the door on writing is a major event . It 's not as if the years have caught up with him and sapped his talent ; the work he has published since turning 70 not only holds up well against his earlier novels , it reaches new strata of wisdom , perceptiveness and pure storytelling skill . From his first book -- 1959 's "  Goodbye , Columbus and Five Short Stories " -- through "  Portnoy 's Complaint " and "  The Professor of Desire " and "  Zuckerman Unbound " and "  American Pastoral " and "  The Human Stain "  just to skip around some of the mountain peaks of his career  -- he has never failed to provoke and rouse emotions . For most writers , just the work Roth has produced since that 70th birthday -- "  The Plot Against America , " "  Everyman , " "  Exit Ghost , " "  Indignation , " "  The Humbling " and "  Nemesis " -- is of a quality beyond all reasonable dreams of what a person might accomplish in an entire lifetime . So why is he saying goodbye ? Here is some of what he told the French interviewer , as translated by The New York Times : He has gone back and reread all his own books , and "  After this , I decided that I was done with fiction . I do n't want to read any more of it , write any more of it , and I do n't even want to talk about it anymore . I have dedicated my life to the novel ; I have studied it , I have taught it , I have written it and I have read it . To the exclusion of almost everything else . It 's enough . I no longer feel this dedication to write what I have experienced my whole life . The idea of struggling once more with writing is unbearable to me . " And he told The Times : "  Writing is frustration  $ " it 's daily frustration , not to mention humiliation . It 's just like baseball : you fail two-thirds of the time ... I ca n't face any more days when I write five pages and throw them away . I ca n't do that anymore . " Of course , even though there will evidently be no more new books , the ones he has written over the last 53 years are still there for new readers to discover . And as much as I admire his writing , there are many of his books that I still somehow have n't gotten to . I 'm already making my list . What I find when I read Roth is that as soon as I reach the last page of one of his novels , I have the urge to start it all over again to try to figure out : How did he do it ? How did he create this magic ? Roth is famously private ; several times over the years I have been offered the opportunity to meet him , and have purposely not followed up . Decades ago the owner of an independent bookstore who knew him offered to provide an introduction ; in recent years a member of a private club in New York where Roth went regularly to exercise in the indoor swimming pool said he would be a go-between . But I hesitated , probably for the same reason that I have never read a review of a Roth book  not wanting someone 's summary to spoil the story I am about to read  , and have avoided reading profiles of him . There 's a story about a British rock 'n' roll luminary of the 1970s . The musician , it was said , attended an Elvis Presley concert at the Hilton in Las Vegas ; he was seated near the front of the showroom . After the last song , one of Presley 's Memphis buddies came out and asked the musician if he would like to come backstage and say hello . And the musician , or so the story goes , politely declined . The reason , he said , was : "  You 're not supposed to meet Elvis . " Meaning : The work is enough . Let the work stand , and speak , for itself . When the work is good enough , that 's all that should matter . I 'm looking over at a bookshelf , where I can see two distinctive yellow dust jackets : the first Roth book I ever purchased , more than 40 years ago -- "  Portnoy 's Complaint " -- and , down the row , the one I purchased most recently , "  Nemesis . " "  Nemesis " is a heart-stirring and heartbreaking story set against a polio epidemic in Newark , New Jersey , in the summer of 1944 . If it does in fact turn out to be Roth 's last novel , then these words -- and telling you this here is not giving away the plot -- will be the final sentence in the final Philip Roth novel : "  Running with the javelin aloft , stretching his throwing arm back behind his body , bringing the throwing arm through to release the javelin high over his shoulder -- and releasing it then like an explosion -- he seemed to us invincible . " Indeed . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Philip Roth has said his latest novel would be his last , he wo n't write any more Greene : Retirement of an artist of such stature in movies would have been huge news Roth 's talent was apparent even in the novels he wrote in his 70s , Greene says
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Just days before his death , the Brooklyn , New York , middle-school student who died from an antibiotic-resistant staph infection had visited a hospital with skin lesions and was treated with allergy medicine , according to the family 's lawyer , Paul Weitz . Omar Rivera , 12 , a New York seventh-grader , died of drug-resistant staph on October 14 . Omar Rivera 's mother , Aileen , took the 12-year-old boy to Kings County Hospital in Brooklyn because she had been dissatisfied with the treatment he received at a clinic , Weitz told CNN . He said the hospital treated him with Benadryl , a common anti-allergy medicine . According to hospital spokeswoman Hope Mason , Omar did not show signs of a staph infection when he was treated at the hospital . "  I can confirm the child was brought to the emergency room after midnight on Friday , October 12 . He was treated for non-MRSA-related conditions and was released , " said Mason . "  We will be closely examining whether more could have been done to detect the infection at that time . " MRSA is short for methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus , and is responsible for more deaths in the United States each year than AIDS , according to new data . The germ resists all but the most powerful antibiotics . Omar , a seventh-grader at Intermediate School 211 , was pronounced dead on October 14 at Brookdale Hospital . Twenty-five to 30 percent of the population carry the staph bacteria -- one of the most common causes of infection -- in their bodies , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . While such infections are typically minor , invasive MRSA infections can become fatal , because they are caused by drug-resistant staph . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Emily Kerschner and Jennifer Rizzo contributed to this report .	Lawyer : Student had visited hospital days before his death from staph infection Hospital saw no signs of staph , treated skin lesions with Benadryl Omar Rivera , 12 , died October 14 from infection with MRSA MRSA resists all but the most powerful antibiotics
CNN  -- The family of a Yale pharmacology student who was killed by a lab technician shortly before her wedding day has sued the university , saying it failed to protect women on its campus . Annie Le , 24 , was reported missing on September 8 , 2009 . Her strangled body was found stuffed inside a wall of a campus lab building five days later . Former Yale University lab technician Raymond Clark III has been sentenced to 44 years in prison after pleading guilty in March to the murder and attempted sexual assault of Le . Both Yale University and the Yale School of Medicine are named as defendants in the lawsuit , filed Tuesday in New Haven Superior Court in Connecticut . "  Prior to September 8 , 2009 , Yale had long taken inadequate steps to ensure the safety and security of women on its campus , " the complaint states . "  Sexual attacks on and harassment of women at Yale had been well-documented and longstanding problem , and there was a widespread belief that Yale repeatedly failed to impose meaningful discipline on offenders . As a result , Yale created a culture of tolerance that allowed and encouraged aggressive male behavior towards women . " The suit also cited a Title IX complaint filed by students against the university "  which highlighted Yale 's failure to adequately prevent and respond to sexual harassment and sexual assaults on female students at Yale . A federal investigation of Yale 's conduct in this regard is ongoing . " But the university said the suit has "  no basis . " "  Yale had no information indicating that Raymond Clark was capable of committing this terrible crime , and no reasonable security measures could have prevented his unforeseeable act , " Yale said in a statement . "  Annie Le 's murder shocked and deeply saddened the entire Yale community . As a community we united to support and comfort her family and loved ones , and create a lasting memorial to her life . This lawsuit serves neither justice nor Annie 's memory , and the University will defend against it as appropriate . " Le had planned to marry Columbia graduate student Jonathan Widawsky on the day her body was found . Clark was not a Yale student but had worked as a lab technician at the university since 2004 , after graduating from high school . He lived with his girlfriend , who also was a Yale lab technician , according to police . A Yale faculty member had described Clark 's job as maintaining colonies for animals used in research . CNN 's Maggie Schneider contributed to this report	Yale graduate student Annie Le 's body was found inside a wall at a Yale lab building Former lab technician Raymond Clark III pleaded guilty to murder and attempted sexual assault The suit claims Yale created a culture of tolerance that allowed aggressive male behavior Yale says the suit has "  no basis " and had no information Clark could commit such a crime
A successful mission by India 's Mars orbiter would make the country the first Asian nation to reach the Red Planet -- and provide a symbolic coup as neighboring China steps up its ambitions in space . Tuesday 's launch was successful , but the plan to send the Mangalyaan , or "  Mars craft , " on a 680 million-kilometer journey into Mars ' orbit has given further credence to claims of an intensifying -- although officially unacknowledged -- space race developing in Asia , with potentially dangerous ramifications . "  I believe India 's leadership sees China 's recent accomplishments in space science as a threat to its status in Asia , and feels the need to respond , " says Dr James Clay Moltz , professor at the U.S. Naval Postgraduate School , who sees increasing competition for space-related power and prestige in Asia that echoes the Cold War space race of the mid-20th century . While Koppillil Radhakrishnan , the head of India 's Space Research Organization , has stressed his country is not engaged in competition with any other nation , the mission -- to put a probe into an elliptical orbit around the red planet , mapping its surface and studying the atmosphere -- has been freighted with patriotic significance since its inception . Prime Minister Manmohan Singh announced the 4.5 billion rupee  US$ 74 million  mission on India 's Independence Day last year , just months after a failed joint mission to Mars by Russia and China -- India 's great regional rival for superpower status and the most rapidly accelerating space power . To date , only the U.S. , Europe and the Soviets have successfully sent spacecraft to Mars -- Japan 's 1998 Nozomi orbiter was also unsuccessful . But not everyone will be cheering from the sidelines . Economist Dr Jean Dreze of the Delhi School of Economics questions the wisdom of investing resources in a flag-waving trip to Mars when the country faces such pressing development needs at home . "  Much as I admire India 's Mars mission as a scientific achievement , I am unable to understand the urgency of getting there , " he told CNN . "  The country would be better served if the same resources , talent and zeal were focused on public health or solar energy . This is a prime case of trying to climb the ladder from the top . " INTERACTIVE : Human exploration of the Red Planet -- from Viking to MAVEN Even a former head of ISRO , Dr. G Madhavan Nair , has criticized the project as a waste of resources , saying the proposal was half-baked , too expensive and poorly conceived . He told CNN 's sister network CNN-IBN that while he was in favor of exploring Mars , "  my contention is that it has to be done properly with complete set of instruments and with proper orbit . " The elliptical orbit , which he said would bring the craft within 360km of Mars at its closest point and 80,000 km at its furthest , was "  the wrong kind of orbit to enable any clear observation of a planet . " "  It is not value for money , that 's what I feel , " he told CNN-IBN . "  With regard to priorities , we know there is severe shortage of communication transponders in the country . We need to prioritize that . " So why is India aiming for Mars ? For much of its 50-year history , India 's space program has prioritized developing technological capacity to help its population , such as improving its telecommunications infrastructure and environmental monitoring with satellites . Just last month , points out Dr Krishan Lal , Fellow at the Indian National Science Academy , India 's satellite network -- one of the largest communications systems in the world -- successfully gave advance warning of a cyclone heading for the eastern seaboard , allowing for the evacuation of about 900,000 people . But since 2008 , when India sent an unmanned probe to the Moon , the focus has shifted away from a utilitarian focus towards exploration . Radhakrishnan , ISRO chairman , told CNN the mission had several aims , including monitoring the planet for traces of life that may have existed on Mars , but predominantly to demonstrate the technological capability for interplanetary travel . "  First and foremost , what we are trying to do is reach there , " he said . Lal said the mission was "  primarily about technology proving , " and was also a matter of significant national prestige . "  It ca n't be said that it is a scientific issue , " he said . Indeed , any scientific gains from the mission were unlikely to prove "  earth-shattering , " said Professor Russell Boyce of the Australian Academy of Science , chairman of the National Committee for Space and Radio Science . "  It would be a modest scientific gain that 's attempted in the first instance , to demonstrate the capability . " Rather , the mission was driven mainly by the desire "  to demonstrate they can " -- a projection of India 's technological expertise intended to boost its international prestige and credentials as a leading world power . "  It is a way of showing that you should be taken seriously : ` We are growing in status as a major spacefaring nation , which tends to go alongside growing in status as a great nation . ' " READ MORE : India strives to join elite Mars explorer club And India is particularly motivated to do so at present , argues Moltz , due to regional rival China 's rapid ascent as a space power . Since China launched its first manned spacecraft into orbit a decade ago , he believes , Asia has become the epicenter of a new space race , with China , Japan , and then India leading the way , and smaller powers such as South Korea , Malaysia , Indonesia , Thailand , Vietnam and Taiwan beginning to follow suit with ambitions of their own . This increasing competitiveness , Moltz argues , is fueling regional tensions , and carries with it the risk for potential confrontations and a deepening militarization of space , unless it is accompanied by greater cooperation . Conceived in the current regional environment , he said , India 's Mars mission was "  clearly linked to politics and prestige as much as science . " In terms of national security , he said , "  India faces a serious challenge from China 's rising space capabilities . " "  It can not compete with China 's vast resources head to head , as it would likely lose any space ` arms race ' with Beijing , " he said , adding that meant India would have to be "  creative in crafting its response to Chinese developments " including potentially forming alliances with other spacefaring powers . READ MORE : China sets course for lunar landing this year But other observers differ in their assessments . Boyce said that while there had been a rapid acceleration of space activities in the region , "  I 'd hesitate to call it a space race . " Rather than being fueled by competition , he said , the heightened activity was largely due to an increasing appreciation of the importance to states of space assets and satellite technology . They provided vital functions in areas such as communications , or remote sensing for climate change monitoring , disaster management or resources prospecting . "  There 's a growing realization if you 're engaged in space , if you have access to space assets and space-based information , then you stand to gain economically , and in terms of prestige as a nation , " he said . The extent to which countries were motivated by pragmatic interest or prestige varied from nation to nation . "  For a country like Australia , the space aspirations are extremely pragmatically driven . On the other hand , a country like Malaysia is intent on putting astronauts in space -- that 's very prestige-oriented . " Lal also disputed that a space race was occurring , saying his country acknowledged its limitations in being able to compete with superior space powers and was content to play to its technological strengths , including through comparatively low-cost missions like Mangalyaan . "  A space race ? This is not the right way to look at it . If you look at the technological base of Japan , we are not comparable . In many ways , China has done better than India , we have no issues with that , " he said . "  We are trying to collaborate , in my opinion . "	India 's focus on Mars is a product of an increasing Asian space race , says an expert Dr James Clay Moltz says there has been increased competition in region in past decade He says China 's rapid ascent as a space power has made neighbors follow suit The mission has been criticized by some as misguided , given India 's social needs
CNN  -- Contrary to a report in a British newspaper , Michael Jackson does not have skin cancer , says Randy Phillips , president and CEO of AEG Live , the promoter of the King of Pop 's upcoming concerts at London 's 02 Arena . Michael Jackson gestures to the crowd at the March announcement for his series of London concerts . "  He 's as healthy as he can be -- no health problems whatsoever , " the executive told CNN . Phillips said he asked Jackson point-blank about the skin cancer rumor yesterday , and the entertainer just brushed it off and laughed . "  He 's used to rumors like this . He 's been famous ever since he was 5 . He does n't read the newspapers or watch news reports , " Phillips explained . He also had an answer for an item in the British tabloid The Sun that said Jackson had been "  making regular trips to a dermatologist in Beverly Hills wearing a mask and surgical cap . " "  Michael is very close friends with his dermatologist . It 's as simple as that , " said Phillips . According to Phillips , the 50-year-old pop star had passed a stringent physical exam before he and AEG inked their deal for Jackson to headline a 50-show residency at 02 beginning July 8 . "  And he 'll have to take another before the shows start , " he offered . Phillips also told CNN a tour with sister Janet Jackson and other performing members of the Jackson family was "  never in the works , at least from Michael Jackson 's side . " He added , "  Never say never , but right now , he 's focusing on his own show . It 's not about his family . " "  He 's working out every day with his choreographers and his dancers . He 's in better shape at 50 than I was at 30 , " Phillips laughed . Phillips took the opportunity to knock down a couple of other rumors . "  For now , he has no plans for his kids to be in the show . And there are no elephants . No elephants in the show , and he 's not dying of cancer . " Phillips said the London shows were the first step in a multi-phase package with Jackson that he called "  more than a 360-degree deal . " He said there are also plans for recorded music and movies , including a 3-D live concert film and a 3-D movie based on Jackson 's 1983 "  Thriller " music video . Phillips did n't rule out a tour or a concert residency in another city , stating it would most likely start in Europe , then roll out to Asia , North America and South America .	U.K. tabloid reported that Michael Jackson has skin cancer Jackson has "  no health problems whatsoever , " says concert promoter Jackson is scheduled to perform 50 shows at London arena starting July 8
CNN  -- Dangerous cold and treacherous driving conditions left millions of Americans along the Eastern Seaboard stuck at home Wednesday . And , try as we might , we could n't get any glimmers of hope from the CNN weather department 's forecast for what 's ahead . The storm system that dumped record-breaking piles of snow -- including 18-inch snowdrifts in Plymouth , Massachusetts -- is moving off the coast , and remaining blizzard warnings are expiring . But the freezing weather is going to stick around . "  Another clipper will reinforce the cold air already in place , so any snow on the ground is expected to hang around , " CNN meteorologist Indra Petersons said . And "  more surges of cold Arctic air are on tap for next week , " added CNN meteorologist Sean Morris . "  New York stays well below freezing for the foreseeable future -- possibly holding until the end of the month , though there 's a chance they could briefly rise above 32 degrees Saturday afternoon . Washington , D.C. , is n't expected to rise above freezing until Saturday afternoon , when it will be a balmy 37 degrees . But there 's more cold and snow on the way early next week . " Meanwhile , in California , some cities are tying records -- for heat . Paso Robles reached 75 degrees Tuesday , while Camarillo reached 84 . But through the Midwest , Southeast and Northeast , temperatures were 15 to 25 degrees below average Wednesday . Washington 's Dulles International Airport recorded about 8 inches of snow Tuesday . New York 's Central Park saw 11 inches . Bridgeport , Connecticut , had 6 1/2 . Governors in Delaware , New Jersey and New York issued states of emergency . This blizzard did not follow a typical pattern , Petersons said . The heaviest snowfall was closer to the coast rather than inland , even though the system was moving from west to east . The storm system strengthened off the coast , picking up moisture from the Atlantic to bump up the snowfall . Staying home and heading out Rich Schultz , a father of three in Fair Lawn , New Jersey , told CNN he was spending the day cooking and planning meals for the week , including shepherd 's pie and tomato , corn and basil soup . Others have been venturing out , with potentially deadly consequences . Three people have died in Pennsylvania in what appear to be weather-related incidents , according to Dana Todd of the Delaware County Medical Examiner 's Office . "  Evidence would suggest that weather was a factor , but autopsies have not been performed yet , " she said . The deaths include two men -- ages 67 and 87 -- who were out shoveling , and a 92-year-old woman who had wandered outside her home , Todd said . Nature photographer Candice Trimble spent Tuesday catching and photographing snowflakes up close in Front Royal , Virginia , she said in a CNN iReport . It was a time for play for some in Philadelphia . With about a foot of snow falling on the city , the steps at the Museum of Art became a sledding hill . On Facebook , dozens of people told CNN about the silver linings they 've been finding in the storm . It "  makes you very grateful " for the "  wealth you have " in taking care of "  basic human needs , " Sue Skoo wrote . "  Beer stays cold without refrigeration , " Dan Evans added . Out West , at least one Utah resident did n't understand what all the fuss was about . "  A storm brings 10 " of snow to Utah and we throw a party , " Drew Stoddard , who lives south of Salt Lake City , posted on Twitter . "  It happens in New York and they declare a state of emergency . " Travel concerns Around the Northeast , some schools and offices were closed , and some roads were shut down . More than 1,400 flights were canceled , according to FlightAware.com . At New York 's LaGuardia Airport , weary travelers spent a restless and sleep-deprived night on airport chairs and cold floors . Flight cancellations put hotel rooms in short supply . Susan Otterstrom found out Tuesday that she had two more days in the Big Apple , instead of returning to Illinois . "  I got a call that  my flight  was canceled , and I could n't reschedule until Thursday , " she told CNN affiliate WPIX . Another traveler said she was resigned to living the concourse life until she could catch a flight out . "  I 'm just going to stay here and work and doze and whatever , " she said . "  You do what you have to do . " Amtrak was running a modified schedule on the Northeast Corridor , saying passengers should expect some delays and fewer trains between Washington and Boston . "  Nobody was outside on the streets and no cars were driving , " New York City resident Jodi Kaplan said . "  Everyone and everything was so quiet . It was as if NYC welcomed this weather and the chance to stop . And be frozen . " Tips for travelers JetBlue slammed by another big storm Greatest things about cold weather CNN 's Steve Almasy , Rose Arce , Margaret Conley , Kevin Conlon , Suzanne Presto and Leigh Remizowski contributed to this report .	NEW : An official reports three suspected weather-related deaths in Pennsylvania The blizzard warnings are expiring , but more cold is on the way Some areas saw up to 18-inch snowdrifts More than 1,400 flights were canceled Wednesday
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Egypt 's banned Muslim Brotherhood will apply to become a political party , it announced Tuesday . The Brotherhood "  envisions the establishment of a democratic , civil state that draws on universal measures of freedom and justice , with central Islamic values serving all Egyptians regardless of colour , creed , political trend or religion , " it said in the statement . Although officially illegal , the Muslim Brotherhood is regarded as one of the most organized groups in Egypt . It has said it does not plan to run a candidate for president when elections are held to replace Hosni Mubarak , who resigned on Friday . Although officially illegal , the Muslim Brotherhood is regarded as one of the most organized groups in Egypt . Experts estimate the group has the support of anywhere from 10 % to 30 % of the population . It has said it does not plan to run a candidate for president when elections are held to replace Hosni Mubarak , who resigned on Friday . The group has sparked great controversy in the United States , where some see it as a non-violent , Islamic social welfare organization supportive of a democratic process while others call it a radical extremist group hellbent on creating a theocracy in Egypt . President Barack Obama recently downplayed the prospect of the Muslim Brotherhood playing a major role in Egypt , saying it is just one faction in Egypt that does n't have majority support . "  There are a whole bunch of secular folks in Egypt , there are a whole bunch of educators and civil society in Egypt that want to come to the fore as well , " the president said in an interview with Fox News . "  And it 's important for us not to say that our only two options are either the Muslim Brotherhood or a suppressed Egyptian people . " Others , however , distrust the Brotherhood 's ultimate intentions . "  They are a powerful force at present , but my fear is that Islamist groups outside Egypt , seeing the opportunity in the current chaos , will flood them with support if they back an extremist view , " said CNN national security contributor Frances Fragos Townsend , who was President George W. Bush 's counterterrorism advisor . And former CIA Director Mike Hayden said the Muslim Brotherhood , as the best organized opposition group in Egypt , could "  enjoy a disproportionate power in shaping the new government . The question is : Will it become more radical ? " Still , a current U.S. official characterized the Muslim Brotherhood as being "  not as extreme as al Qaeda is . " "  It 's an organization that supports a civil state which is based in large part on Islamic law , " said the official . "  But they do tend to eschew violence and work within the political process . " The official cautioned about ambiguity when it comes to Egypt . "  There are lots of unknowns now with Egypt , " said the official . "  You really ca n't make a call on anything , whether Mubarak is going or staying or how the Muslim Brotherhood figures into the political process . And in a recent article in the Daily Beast , former CIA analyst Bruce Riedel wrote that Americans should not fear the group . "  They should not be afraid of the Muslim Brotherhood . Living with it wo n't be easy , but it should not be seen as inevitably our enemy , " said Riedel . The Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood was founded in 1928 to oppose British control of Egypt with Its goal the creation of an independent Islamic state . Although it allegedly engaged in assassination and other violence against the British and supported the coup that brought Gamal Abdel Nasser to power in 1952 , the Brotherhood has been illegal since 1954 , when it was convicted of attempting to assassinated Nasser , charges the group denied . Nasser ruthlessly suppressed the group , and his successors , Anwar Sadat and Hosni Mubarak , continued the repression . The Brotherhood subsequently renounced violence , is engaged in providing social services to the populace , opposes the peace treaty with Israel and supports democratic elections . On its English language website , the Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood calls for establishing an Islamic state in accordance with the provision of Islamic Sharia law . Ed Husain , a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations , said the Muslim Brotherhood "  ought to be a welcomed force within Egyptian politics " if it accepts full rights for women and for religious minorities . But his colleague at the council , Isobel Coleman , said the group has n't done that , pointing to statements by the Brotherhood that neither a woman nor a non-Muslim could ever lead Egypt . But Republican Congresswoman Sue Myrick of North Carolina worried that the government did not see the danger . "  I 'm very concerned that they 're using the peaceful protests in Egypt for a power grab and that we in the government does n't seem -- we do n't seem to grasp that threat in the way it concerns me , " she said at a congressional hearing last week . "  The Brotherhood is n't a danger just because they 're terrorists , but because they push an extremist ideology that causes others to commit acts of terrorism . " ' The 83-year-old organization has never been placed on the U.S. State Department 's list of terrorist organizations and officially renounced violence in the 1970s . The organization was a minor player in the demonstrations that toppled Mubarak . But the U.S. chief intelligence officer raised a stir when he referred to the Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood as a "  largely secular " organization in response to a question from Myrick at the hearing . "  The term ` Muslim Brotherhood ' is an umbrella term for a variety of movements , in the case of Egypt , a very heterogeneous group , largely secular , which has eschewed violence and has decried Al Qaeda as a perversion of Islam , " said James Clapper , the director of national intelligence . "  They have pursued social ends , a betterment of the political order in Egypt . " Clapper 's office later clarified the director 's comments . "  In Egypt the Muslim Brotherhood makes efforts to work through a political system that has been , under Mubarak 's rule , one that is largely secular in its orientation --  Clapper  is well aware that the Muslim Brotherhood is not a secular organization . " CNN 's Pam Benson contributed to this report	NEW : U.S. officials are divided over the 83-year-old organization NEW : Group was banned in 1954 after it was convicted of trying to assassinate Nasser The banned group will apply to become a party It says it does not plan to run a candidate for president
CNN  -- When crudely drawn animated shorts about a dysfunctional American family began appearing on Fox 's "  The Tracey Ullman Show " in 1987 , nobody predicted the birth of a cultural phenomenon . But Wednesday marks the 25th anniversary of "  The Simpsons , " which debuted as a half-hour sitcom on December 17 , 1989 . That 's 561 episodes and counting -- and a lot of D'ohs ! and donuts . To commemorate this milestone , here are 25 random facts about the show : 1 . Creator Matt Groening named the characters after his own family members but substituted "  Bart " for his own name . 2 . The characters ' distinctive yellow hue was chosen in part to make the show stand out when someone was flipping through TV channels for something to watch . 3 . It took Danny Elfman three days to compose the show 's opening theme song . He 's called it the most popular piece of music of his career . 4 . Its town of Springfield was named for its generic Anywhereness  there are Springfields in 30 U.S. states  . Over various episodes , the town 's geography has contained rivers , deserts , farmland , mountains or whatever the story requires . 5 . Time magazine named it the best TV show of the 20th century . 6 . Bart is voiced by a woman , Nancy Cartwright . In an opening sequence during the show 's second season , Bart wrote on the chalkboard , "  I am not a 32-year-old woman "  Cartwright 's age at the time  . 7 . Dustin Hoffman had an uncredited speaking role in the show 's second season , playing Lisa 's kindly substitute teacher Mr. Bergstrom . Hoffman was n't sure he wanted to be identified with a cartoon show at the time , so he chose the name "  Sam Etic " in the closing credits -- a play on the word semitic , alluding to the fact that he and Mr. Bergstrom are Jewish . 8 . An official version of Duff beer , Homer 's favorite brew , is sold in three variations near The Simpsons Ride at Universal Studios . 9 . In the show 's early - '90s heyday , school principals around the country banned Bart Simpson T-shirts , fearing he was a bad role model . 10 . Of Krusty the Clown 's resemblance to Homer , Groening once said : "  The satirical conceit that I was going for at the time was that ` The Simpsons ' was about a kid who had no respect for his father but worshiped a clown who looked exactly like his father . " 11 . The University of California-Berkeley has offered a for-credit course on "  The Simpsons . " The ` Simpsons ' comedy tree 12 . During a speech in 1992 , then-President George H. W. Bush said , "  We are going to keep on trying to ... make American families a lot more like the Waltons and a lot less like the Simpsons . " In response , the show 's writers rushed out a short segment soon after in which Bart said , "  Hey , we 're just like the Waltons . We 're praying for an end to the Depression , too . " 13 . Harry Shearer said he modeled the voice of wicked tycoon Mr. Burns in part on that of Ronald Reagan . 14 . In an episode that aired in 2003 , Homer gave his email address as ChunkyLover53@aol.com . The episode 's writer , Matt Selman , signed up for the ChunkyLover53 email address beforehand and within minutes of the show 's airing found his inbox packed to its 999-message limit . 15 . The show earned guest star Anne Hathaway a Primetime Emmy for outstanding voice-over performance . 16 . Groundskeeper Willie 's description of the French as "  cheese-eating surrender monkeys " was used by conservative columnists in 2003 after France 's opposition to the proposed invasion of Iraq . 17 . An episode during the fourth season featured guest star Elizabeth Taylor voicing a single word : Maggie 's first word , spoken during a flashback . The word ? "  Daddy . " 18 . Michael Jackson guest-starred as a mental patient during a third-season episode , "  Stark Raving Dad , " in which Homer Simpson is sent to a mental institution . For contractual reasons , he was credited as John Jay Smith . 19 . In 2010 , elusive street artist Banksy created a darkly subversive montage for the opening sequence that showed children and animals slaving in a hellish underground sweatshop to produce "  Simpsons " memorabilia . Of the bold move , "  Simpsons " showrunner Al Jean told the New York Times : "  Well , I have n't been fired yet , so that 's a good sign . " Is it time for ` The Simpsons ' to ` g ` oh ' ? 20 . Veteran actor Hank Azaria supplies the voice for 16 recurring characters , including Moe the bartender , Chief Wiggum and convenience store owner Apu . 21 . Exiled WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange guest-starred as himself on an episode in the show 's 23rd season . He recorded his lines over the phone from the Ecuadorian embassy in Britain , where he has been granted asylum . 22 . At one point , "  The Simpsons Movie , " a hit in 2007 , was planned as a musical . 23 . Homer 's signature "  D'oh ! " has been added to the Oxford English Dictionary , and an expression he frequently uses has inspired a much-quoted toast : "  To alcohol ! The cause of , and solution to , all of life 's problems . " 24 . Among the celebrities who have turned down guest-starring roles on the show , according to creators ' comments on the DVDs , are Bruce Springsteen , Bob Dylan , Michael Caine , Tom Cruise , Clint Eastwood , Anthony Hopkins , Quentin Tarantino and Prince . 25 . Showrunner Al Jean told The Onion 's AV Club in August that if the series ever ends , he would like the final episode to end with the arrival of the Christmas pageant from the first scene of the pilot episode "  Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire , " making the whole series a continuous loop .	The first episode of "  The Simpsons " aired on Fox on December 17 , 1989 It 's now the longest-running scripted prime-time series on TV At one point , the show attracted the derision of a U.S. president
On the first pastoral visit of his papacy , Pope Francis shunned protocol and politics on a visit to the tiny island of Lampedusa off the coast of Sicily to pray for refugees and migrants lost at sea . Francis used the visit to criticize what he called "  global indifference " to the refugee crisis , saying : "  Today no one in the world feels responsible for this ; we have lost the sense of fraternal responsibility ; we have fallen into the hypocritical attitude of the priest and of the servant of the altar that Jesus speaks about in the parable of the Good Samaritan , " he said . "  We look upon the brother half dead by the roadside , perhaps we think ` poor guy , ' and we continue on our way , it 's none of our business ; and we feel fine with this . Lampedusa is just 113 kilometers from Tunisia and has been the first point of entry to Europe for more than 200,000 refugees and irregular migrants who have passed through the island since 1999  UNHCR stat  . The Italian coastguard had just rescued a crippled ship with 165 Eritreans on board just hours before the pope 's arrival . The pontiff flew to Lampedusa from Rome on Monday morning and immediately boarded a port authority cutter that has been involved in the rescue of more than 30,000 refugees in recent years , according to the Italian Coast Guard . More than 120 fishermen from Lampedusa escorted this vessel to the island 's main port . Outside the port , the pope paused to pray at the sight of a deadly 2011 shipwreck before launching a wreath of flowers into the water to commemorate the lives of those lost at sea "  in search of a better life . " There were also tourist boats , yachts and people on jet skis waving yellow papal flags to greet the pontiff . "  With one short visit , the pope is drawing attention to three main issues ; the plight of poor immigrants , problem of human trafficking , the growing gap between rich and poor in the world , " said the Vatican 's media advisor Greg Burke ahead of the visit . "  Pope Francis is showing that when in Christian faith says ` love your neighbor , ' they just do n't mean the person next door . This tiny island shows the incredible contrast between the global north and south , between the ` haves ' of the world and the ` have nots . ' It is a great lesson in true charity , many of the immigrants are not even Christians . " On arriving in the port , the pope then met 50 selected migrants including men , women and children who were both Christian and Muslim and listened to their stories about their perilous voyage from North Africa . He was then driven in a makeshift popemobile -- a white open-top Fiat jeep on loan from a Milan family who have a summer house on the island . He was driven through crowds and past a boat graveyard where the hulls of hundreds of migrant boats are stacked alongside piles of foam mattresses and discarded clothing from the boats . The pope then held a mass for 15,000 people under blazing sun at an outdoor sporting center on the island . Standing at an altar made of the wooden remnants of refugee boats and dressed in purple robes normally reserved for lent and mourning , Pope Francis gave an emotional homily focused on "  global indifference " to the refugee and irregular migrant problem . Pope Francis made his decision to visit Lampedusa after hearing about the deaths of refugees whose boat capsized off the coast of Sicily in late June . Several of the refugees clung to the fishing nets of a Tunisian-flagged vessel before the fishermen cut the nets loose , sending at least 10 people to their death . Many of the bodies were never recovered . "  When , a few weeks ago , I heard the news -- which unfortunately has been repeated so many times -- the thought always returns as a thorn in the heart that brings suffering , " Francis said . "  And then I felt that I ought to come here today to pray , to make a gesture of closeness , but also to reawaken our consciences so that what happened would not be repeated . " Francis then thanked the people of Lampedusa along with the rescue workers , NGOs and volunteers who man the centers on the island where refugees are taken . He acknowledged the Muslim immigrants who recently arrived on the island and who are beginning to fast for Ramadan , wishing them "  best wishes for abundant spiritual fruits . " But he lashed those who ignored the plight of refugees . "  The culture of well-being , that makes us think of ourselves , that makes us insensitive to the cries of others , that makes us live in soap bubbles , that are beautiful but are nothing , are illusions of futility , of the transient , that brings indifference to others , that brings even the globalization of indifference , " he said . The pope 's words were not likely meant for the people of Lampedusa , who open their hearts and homes to the hoards of refugees who land on their shores each year , but rather to the greater European Union which has struggled with what to do with the influx of migrants and refugees in recent years . Italy and Malta have long pushed for a comprehensive European Union immigration policy to help absorb the influx but France and Germany have resisted implementing such a plan , calling on the southern nations to do a better job patrolling their borders . So far in 2013 , more than 8,400 refugees and migrants have landed in Italy and nearby Malta in search of economic improvement and political asylum , according to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees . Many have been deported back to their countries of origin while others have been given political asylum and are then free to travel through Europe 's open-border countries .	Pope Francis shuns protocol and politics by visiting tiny island of Lampedusa Lampedusa has been first point of entry for refugees trying to reach mainland Europe Pope gave homily on "  global indifference " to the refugee and irregular migrant problem
CNN  -- When U.S. negotiators raise the issue of captured U.S. soldier Bowe Bergdahl with the Taliban in the coming days , it wo n't be the first time . The two sides held meetings in 2011 and 2012 that included the topic of Bergdahl 's release , with sporadic discussions since then . The first series of talks took place in 2011 with the State Department 's top representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan . He met Taliban representatives again the next year . An American proposal for Bergdahl 's release was a topic each time , U.S. officials told CNN in May 2012 . Talks offer hope for family The meetings after early 2012 were sporadic , but they did continue , and again Bergdahl was discussed . "  He has been gone far too long , " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said Thursday . "  We continue to call for and work towards his safe and immediate release . " While the United States has been pushing for the return of Bergdahl -- captured in June 2009 in Afghanistan -- the Taliban has been pushing for the release of five of its own men from U.S. custody in Guantanamo Bay . Psaki said the United States expects the Taliban will raise that issue again when the two sides meet . In the past , U.S. officials have talked about transferring the Guantanamo detainees in two stages -- perhaps two men first , and then after Bergdahl is released , transferring the remaining three . Senior U.S. officials have also discussed the idea of transferring all five Taliban prisoners to Qatar first , before Bergdahl is freed . Under U.S. law , Congress must be consulted before any detainees are transferred from Guantanamo . CNN 's Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	The two sides held meetings in 2011 and 2012 Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl was captured in Afghanistan in 2009 The Taliban is likely to push for the release of Guantanamo detainees
CNN Student News  -- December 19 , 2012 Media Literacy Question of the Day Why might a journalist want to report from a country that limits journalists ' access ? * * Daily Discussion Questions What is a comfort dog ? According to the report , how do people respond to comfort dogs ? In what unique ways do you think they could help people in Newtown , Connecticut ? What kind of training might a comfort dog require ? What kind of breeds might make good comfort dogs ? Can you think of other animals that could fill this role ? Explain . * * According to the report , what happened to an NBC news crew after they crossed into Syria ? Why do you think that Syria 's government limits news organizations ' access within the country ? For a journalist , what might be the benefits and risks of reporting on Syria 's civil war ? * * What do you know about the Maya ? What is significant about the Mayan calendar ? According to the program : Why are some people saying that the current Mayan calendar predicts that the world will end later this week ? What do a Mayan priest and other experts say about this prediction ? How do you think that scientists are able to interpret inscriptions from ancient civilizations like the Maya ? * * Teachers : Use the following resources regarding the shooting in Newtown , Connecticut : Six tools to help kids deal with the Sandy Hook shootings Monday 's episode of CNN Student News is devoted to explaining and reflecting on the shooting and its aftermath . CNN Student News provided Discussion Questions related to Monday 's program .	Use these questions to help students understand today 's featured news stories Today 's Daily Discussion includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
CNN  -- Robert Kubica has signed a contract extension that will keep him at Renault until the end of the 2012 season . The Polish Formula One driver is lying sixth in the drivers ' championship after a string of impressive performances this season . He finished second at the Australian Grand Prix , third in Monaco and fifth in Valencia at the European Grand Prix . The 25-year-old 's strong form meant he was linked with a move to rivals Ferrari but he has opted to prolong his stay with Renault . He told Renault 's official website : "  It was a straightforward decision to continue with a team where I feel at home . "  What 's important for me is to be in the right atmosphere , with a good group of people , where everybody is pulling in the same direction . "  This is what we have tried to build from the beginning of my time with Renault . I think we have already achieved a lot together , and I believe that with plenty of effort , time and the right approach , we can move even further forward . "  That is certainly our target , so we will keep working hard and pushing on every front , not just for the rest of this season but also for next year when there are more big rule changes on the way . I am really looking forward to the challenge . " Kubica has finished outside the top ten only once this season and he currently stands 44 points off championship leader Lewis Hamilton , of McLaren . This is Kubica 's first season with Renault but team principal Eric Boullier said he was delighted to secure Kubica 's future . "  We are delighted that Robert will remain with us for the next two seasons and I would like to thank him for the faith he has shown in this team , " said Boullier . "  There have been many rumors surrounding his future in recent weeks , which were a tribute to how well he has driven this year , and we are very happy to have agreed a multi-year deal . "  Our clear goal is to become title contenders over the next two years . To do so , we need a driver of Robert 's caliber -- somebody who is fast , totally committed and does n't make mistakes . "  His performances during the first half of the 2010 season were flawless , and we hope to achieve great things together in the future . "	Robert Kubica extends contract with Formula One team Renault Kubica signs a deal that takes him to end of 2012 season Polish driver is in his first full season with Renault Kubica is currently sixth in drivers ' championship standings
Douglas Khayat is a psychologist for the international medical humanitarian organization Doctors Without Borders / / Medicins Sans Frontieres  MSF  , working in Complexo do Alemao , one of the poorest and most violent favelas in Rio de Janeiro . RIO DE JANEIRO , Brazil -- An estimated 150,000 people live in Complexo do Alemao , where armed groups fight for turf , and fighting between police forces and ruling groups leave thousands of people trapped by violence . Complexo do Alemao , a poor area of Rio de Janeiro controlled by armed drug-dealers There are no private or public health facilities inside Alemao and not even government ambulances enter . In this extremely violent corner of the world , residents live with a great deal of psychological trauma . In recognition of this trauma , Doctors Without Borders offers psychological support , in addition to the medical services we provide to the community in the favela . The people who call Alemao home live under a vow of silence , the unspoken code of survival that dictates that no one discuss what goes on inside the community particularly the violent episodes they endure or witness . Killings , beating , threats , expulsions , regular exposure to heavy weapons , and other forms of abuse , are all carried out by the armed groups that control the drug trafficking , imposing their own set of rules . See images of life in the favelas " Since October 2007 , Doctors Without Borders psychologists have conducted 2,000 consultations for 1,000 different patients . For 85 percent of patients , suffering was directly related to violence . They have either been directly affected by combat , experienced the trauma of witnessing extreme violence , have had family members killed or tortured . The symptoms we mostly see are anxiety disorders , depression , psychosomatic conditions , and learning and behavior problems in children . When police enter the area , fighting often breaks out with armed groups . The state of fear created by these groups creates an environment in which psychological disorders multiply . Some get used to living this way , but others do not , particularly children . See a report on healthcare in Brazil " The needs are incredible , so are the stories . Last year a middle-aged man arrived at our project asking to see a psychologist . Two years earlier he suffered a series of tragic events that resulted in persistent insomnia and anxiety that almost ruined his family . He was crossing a football field holding hands with a female friend , not his wife , when suddenly a armored police car entered the community and began shooting . Everything happened in a matter of seconds . His girlfriend told him she was wounded . The shooting became so bad that he had to leave her to find shelter . She died and he could not stop blaming himself for leaving her in the middle of the field . It made his marriage hell . It started to affect his work and he began to have terrible nightmares . He started to drink a lot . But our treatment with him went really well . We helped him reevaluate others facets of his life and things started to get better , his marriage , his work . People around him reacted to his new attitude , and his life began to improve . The population trusts us because we live the same day-to-day routine they live . Our project is the only health facility inside Complexo do Alemao . During the day , we are exposed to the same environment as the residents . This experience in the same environment helps to develop a bond with our patients . For me as a Brazilian , as a middle class carioca  from Rio de Janeiro  , it is difficult to experience this aspect of my country . I 've grown angrier about the conditions in my city and country after doing this work . At the same time , it has been and continues to be a life changing experience , a possibility to dive into my country 's soul and play an important part of people 's lives .	Dr. Douglas Khayat describes life in one of Brazil 's most violent favelas Psychologists have so far given 2,000 consultations for traumatized locals Doctors Without Borders provide the only medical/psychiatric help in the region
Stockholm , Sweden  CNN  -- The headline from one Swedish newspaper summed up the days to come for President Barack Obama : "  Obama in the Shadow of War . " During a fast-paced three-day overseas trip that includes visits to Stockholm , Sweden and a G-20 summit in Saint Petersburg , Russia , the president will face allied , yet skeptical leaders who remain unconvinced that military action is necessary to punish Syria for its alleged use of chemical weapons . Even as Obama administration officials acknowledge that Syria will be an ongoing subject of discussion , they dismiss the notion the president is fighting a losing diplomatic battle , noting support from both France and Turkey . Obama 's visit to Sweden marks the first time a sitting U.S. president has visited the nation 's archipelago capital city of Stockholm . However , the president is only visiting the Scandinavian nation as a result of his administration 's decision to cancel a bilateral summit in Moscow with Russian President Vladimir Putin , the latest example of worsening U.S.-Russian relations . Obama-Putin will have a chance to talk on ` margins ' of G-20 summit White House officials , including Secretary of State John Kerry , have complained of Russian obstruction to any United Nations intervention in Syria 's bloody civil war . Still , even on Obama 's first stop , there is opposition to any unilateral U.S. action against Syria . "  Sweden does n't want a military attack ... I do n't believe that is the solution to the conflict , " Swedish Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt told Swedish public broadcaster SVT in an interview over the weekend . But Obama 's principal adversary on Syria , Putin , appeared to open the door to U.N.-sanctioned military action in an interview with the Associated Press and Russia 's state Channel 1 . Washington out in the cold as China-Russia relations flourish "  If there are data that the chemical weapons have been used , and used specifically by the regular army , this evidence should be submitted to the U.N. Security Council , " Putin said . In response to Putin 's remarks , a senior administration official said the White House continues to be deeply skeptical about any support from Russia , which holds a key seat on the Security Council . But as the president arrived in Europe , there were signs of a potential thaw in the chill between Washington and Moscow . Interactive : U.S. and allied assets around Syria Administration officials said Tuesday Obama is expected to meet briefly with Putin at this week 's G-20 summit -- "  on the margins , " one White House official said . That is a small but measurable improvement over what the White House said late last month , when it indicated the two leaders would not spend any time together in St. Petersburg . The relationship between Obama and Putin has suffered from one damaging episode after another in recent months . Russia 's decision to grant temporary asylum to national security contractor turned leaker Edward Snowden was greeted with frustration by Obama administration officials . And then Obama 's comparison of the Russian president 's body language to the "  bored kid in the back of the classroom " did not go over well in Moscow . In his interview with the AP and Channel 1 , Putin urged observers not to read too much into the body language coming from other leaders . "  We work , we argue about some issues . We are human , " Putin said . Before the president 's trip to Russia , he will spend 24 hours in Sweden , a nation administration officials describe as a key ally on issues ranging from national security to climate change . While in Stockholm , Obama is also scheduled to meet with Sweden 's King Carl XVI Gustaf and pay tribute to the late Swedish diplomat Raoul Wallenberg , who is credited with saving the lives of tens of thousands of Jews during the Holocaust . The big debate : Should U.S. strike Syria ?	Obama 's three day overseas trip has him in Sweden and Russia Russia appears to come on board for Syria strike if evidence is there Snowden affair , Obama comments recently marred US-Russian relations
CNN  -- If Adam Silver were commissioner of the NFL , would running back Ray Rice have already been banned from the league ? And if Roger Goodell were in charge of the NBA , would Donald Sterling still be the owner of the Los Angeles Clippers ? What-ifs and role reversals can make your head spin . What we have are two leagues and two vastly different responses to separate hot-button issues : racism and domestic violence . Silver had little time to settle into his new job . He took over from longtime NBA commissioner David Stern on February 1 , and by late April , he was already embroiled in the Sterling controversy . Even with the short break-in period , Silver won rave reviews . He earned them by acting swiftly , sending investigators to Los Angeles to confirm it was Sterling who made racist comments on an audio recording obtained by TMZ . Within days , Silver acted , banning the Clippers owner for life , fining him $ 2.5 million and initiating proceedings to terminate Sterling 's ownership rights . It was n't easy , but Silver held firm . Sterling went back and forth about selling the team , and made additional reprehensible comments , some in an interview with CNN 's Anderson Cooper . In it , Sterling repeatedly apologized and denied accusations that he 's racist , saying he 'd been "  baited " into making what he called "  terrible " remarks . Still , in the interview , Sterling continued attacks on former NBA great Magic Johnson . In it , he questioned the character of the former Los Angeles Lakers player and his battle with HIV , saying Johnson has n't done anything to help others . But Johnson shrugged it off , saying he feels sorry for the billionaire and will pray for him . In the end , Silver 's actions were seen as decisive and unflinching . Players , team owners and civil rights advocates applauded him . "  There 's no room for Donald Sterling in the NBA , " LeBron James said before a game in April . "  There is no room for him . " "  This attack on Magic is crazy , " filmmaker Spike Lee told Cooper after the interview . "  He 's messing with the wrong brother . Magic is loved by everybody around the world . And the talk about some other stuff that has nothing to do with nothing is ridiculous . " Sterling asked : What has Magic Johnson done ? Answer : Quite a lot There was some criticism , like why did it take the NBA so long to get rid of Sterling when he had been accused of racism several times in the past . In 2009 he settled -- while admitting no liability -- three lawsuits tied to discrimination claims at apartments he owned in Los Angeles County , the Los Angeles Times reported . He also settled a 2003 lawsuit that claimed he would n't rent to Latinos , the Times reported . Sterling also was sued in 2009 by former Clippers general manager Elgin Baylor , who said he was a victim of age and racial discrimination . Baylor dropped the race claim and a jury ruled in Sterling 's favor . Donald Sterling interview Bobbling the ball Now compare that with Goodell 's handling of the Ray Rice case . Critics say he fumbled it from the start . It was TMZ again with the damning evidence . Security camera video showed the former Baltimore Raven dragging an unconscious Janay Palmer -- then his fiancee -- out of an elevator . That was back in February , at the beginning of the off-season . The couple married in March . Voices of domestic violence It would be several months before Goodell interviewed Rice and his wife . And when he did , the two were reportedly in the room together . Another month passed before Goodell gave Rice a two-game suspension , and that did n't sit well with many people . Goodell insisted it was consistent with other cases . Eventually , Goodell admitted that it was a mistake and drew up new domestic violence policy with harsher penalties that were a reaction to the criticism . The harshest blow to Goodell 's handling of the case came this week when TMZ released another video that showed Rice throwing the punches that knocked out Palmer . The Baltimore Ravens dropped him from the team , and the NFL suspended him indefinitely . NFL chief Roger Goodell faces intense criticism Taking the hits Critics want to know why a tougher punished was n't handed out sooner . "  I did n't get it right , " said Goodell . "  Simply put , we have to do better . " The National Organization for Women thinks so . NOW is calling for Goodell 's resignation . "  The NFL has lost its way , " said a statement released late Tuesday by NOW President Terry O'Neill . "  It does n't have a Ray Rice problem ; it has a violence against women problem . " NOW also noted Goodell 's silence on the Jerry Jones lawsuit . A former exotic dancer sued the Dallas Cowboys owner this week , accusing him of sexual assault . An attorney for the team called the allegations "  completely false . " Adding to the chorus against Goodell is outspoken ESPN personality Keith Olbermann . He called Goodell an "  enabler of men who beat women " and demanded the commissioner resign or be fired . San Francisco Chronicle sport columnist Ann Killion agreed . "  Roger Goodell should follow Rice out the door -- his leadership has no integrity and no longer can be trusted by the public . He should resign , " she wrote . In the reactions to the two cases , perhaps there 's a lesson in how the NBA and NFL handled them . Much like on the court or on the field , a decisive hand running the team can blunt much of the criticism .	NFL and NBA commissioners have each faced member conduct challenges in 2014 Adam Silver took over the NBA and immediately faced the Sterling crisis Roger Goodell has been the NFL boss for eight years . There 's a growing chorus calling for Goodell 's resignation
Las Vegas  CNN  Tammy Meyers and Erich Nowsch were neighbors . Their homes are walking distance from each other and from a park . It was in that park where , according to Meyers ' husband , she used to talk to the young man , where she implored him to act like an adult . On Thursday , Nowsch was arrested , accused of killing Meyers in what has been described as a road rage incident that ended a week ago with a shooting in front of Meyers ' home . "  We know this boy . I could n't tell you this before , " Robert Meyers told reporters after the arrest . "  He knew where I lived . We knew how bad he was , but we did n't know it was this bad . That he 'd gotten to this point , and his friends . " Nowsch , 19 , faces three felony charges : murder , attempted murder and unlawful discharge of a gun from a vehicle . A Monday morning court hearing has been scheduled . Robert Meyers said his wife tried to help Nowsch . "  My wife spent countless hours at that park consoling this boy , " he said . "  She was really good to him . She fed him , she gave him money . She told him to pull his pants up and to be a man . More times than I can count . " Police said they are looking for at least one more suspect , but they believe Nowsch was the shooter . Homicide Capt. Chris Tomaino told reporters that he owned registered firearms but would n't say how many guns or what type of weapons they were . It was unclear Thursday night whether Nowsch had an attorney ; court documents detailing his charges did n't list a lawyer . Nowsch was taken into custody in the afternoon after a brief , tense standoff at his mother 's home , which is one street over from the Meyers ' house . Police have said the shooting followed a road-rage incident that took place last week near a junior high school where Meyers gave her 15-year-old daughter a night-time driving lesson . As Meyers drove the less than half mile home , a car sped by and her daughter reached over and honked at the driver . Police said the car stopped and the driver got out to confront the Meyerses . Robert Meyers told HLN 's Nancy Grace on Thursday that the man threatened to kill his wife and daughter . Tammy Meyers , 44 , took off for home and sent her daughter inside . Lt. Ray Steiber , a Las Vegas homicide detective , said earlier this week that the daughter was asked to send her 22-year-old brother out . He brought with him a gun he owned . Steiber said Meyers then went looking for the road rage suspect , but , according to her husband , she just wanted to keep the situation away from the house . "  She just did n't want it to come back here . She tried to get him to go somewhere else , " he said . Robert Meyers , who was out of town when his wife was shot , said the other car followed the Meyers and at some point away from the house there were gunshots . Tammy Meyers fled home and told her son to take cover as she parked in front of the house . The car -- with three people inside , the family has said -- approached . Meyers ' son told police that they were fired upon , and he defended him and his mother . His father says he took three or four shots and found his mother mortally wounded . The father defended the family against criticism that they should have gone into the house when mother and daughter arrived after the road rage incident . "  My son is a good boy . His mom was a good mommy , " Robert Meyers said . During a standoff at Nowsch 's house earlier Thursday , Robert Meyers chastised reporters , whom he felt were placing blame on his loved ones . "  Are you all happy ? You made my wife look like an animal ... and my son . There 's the animal , a block away . Are you happy ? " Robert Meyers screamed . Police are looking for a second suspect , Tomaino , the homicide captain , said . He would n't say whether that person was the suspect depicted in a drawing handed out by police . The captain said authorities were unaware until Thursday that the Meyers family knew Nowsch . He is being held at the Clark County Detention Center . CNN 's Sara Sidner reported from Las Vegas and Steve Almasy wrote this article in Atlanta . CNN 's Steve Forrest , AnneClaire Stapleton and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Police say they are looking for at least one more suspect Erich Milton Nowsch faces three felony charges , including murder Tammy Meyers who was shot in front of her home last week knew suspect , husband says
CNN  -- On Sunday , Ukrainians will go to the polls to elect a new president three months after the ouster of corrupt former President Viktor Yanukovych . We will be there in Ukraine to observe the elections as members of an International Republican Institute delegation , witnessing a vote that is an important step not only for the Ukrainian people 's struggle for democracy , but for the entire region 's hopes for long-term stability and democratic development . In the lead-up to this critical vote , pro-Russian separatists , taking their cues from an increasingly aggressive Moscow , have attempted to undermine the elections in parts of eastern and southern Ukraine through threats and violence . In Donetsk and Luhansk , separatist leaders announced they will not participate in the presidential elections , while heavily armed militia fighters seize control of election offices and government buildings . Russian President Vladimir Putin has publicly called the election "  a step in the right direction , " but tens of thousands of Russian troops remain near the Ukrainian border , Russian intelligence forces continue operating in eastern Ukraine and Putin has been noncommittal about whether his government will recognize the outcome of the presidential vote . As other countries in the region can attest , Russian interference in territorial sovereignty is nothing new . Since 1992 , long before Putin came to power , Russia has occupied parts of Moldova , and for many years Moscow fostered a breakaway rebellion on Georgian soil , which eventually led to war in 2008 . Shortly before this year 's Sochi Olympics , Russian forces used the pretext of security for the games to advance miles farther into Georgia , pledging to return to the ceasefire lines once the Olympics had ended . Instead , Russia 's military has fortified its gains in Georgia and shows no indication of withdrawal . Putin understands that successful elections and a new government committed to democratic ideals and anti-corruption will have a ripple effect throughout the region , including Russia . In a recent interview , Georgian Defense Minister Irakli Alasania said , "  If they -LSB- Ukrainians -RSB- survive this crisis there will be a future for all the countries in the region that border Russia . " That is why Putin has undertaken extraordinary measures to undermine Kiev 's effort to solidify its status as a sovereign , independent , and democratic nation . To deter Putin 's aggression , the United States must inflict immediate and serious economic consequences on Russia 's financial , energy , and defense sectors . We must also expand and strengthen sanctions on Russian officials who were involved in the illegal annexation of Crimea . And Putin must know that additional acts of aggression will be met with even greater costs . The vast majority of Ukrainians -- like the citizens of so many countries in the region -- envision their future as a united democracy , free from foreign intervention and intimidation , and integrated with the rest of Europe . It is critical that Western nations support these aspirations through democratic assistance and economic development programs that support the new Ukrainian government as it enacts political and economic reforms to root out corruption , restore the rule of law and promote growth and prosperity for the Ukrainian people . The United States and our European Union allies must not allow Putin to continue to meddle in Ukrainian affairs and use the specter of military aggression to undermine the safety and liberty of millions of people seeking democracy in the region . It is our responsibility to stand with the Ukrainian people and their aspiration to live in a free and democratic society without fear of repression . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Sen. Kelly Ayotte and Rep. Peter Roskam are in Ukraine for the presidential elections They feel Russia 's continued interference in the region undermines democracy Vladimir Putin has been deliberately seizing ground in Georgia and Ukraine They say the U.S. must not allow Putin to use force to meddle in Ukrainian affairs
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- Greece is set to impose further austerity measures and a number of privatization plans in return for more international aid to avoid defaulting on its debt . The move comes after a 110 billion euro European Union , European Central Bank and International Monetary Fund bailout last year has failed to cover the country 's needs . The Greek prime minister , George Papandreou , was scheduled to present his government 's plans to the Eurogroup chairman , Jean-Claude Juncker , in Luxembourg Friday . Papandreou was expected to give Juncker details on a medium-term fiscal plan that will aim to raise an extra 28 billion euros by 2015 . Part of that money is expected to come from the sale of state assets . The plan also includes extra taxes for employees and pensioners . The additional measures come at a time when daily strikes and demonstrations are being held across Greece against existing plans . Thousands of people were in their tenth day of protest Friday at Athens ' main square and there have been several outpourings of anger in recent days against ruling politicians by angry crowds . Friday morning a group of protesters from the communist-affiliated union PAME was holding a sit-in at the finance ministry , blocking entrance . Protesters also hung a banner at the ministry building calling for a general strike against additional measures . In a statement , protesters referred to the measures as "  barbaric . " Greece 's main labor unions have called a general strike on June 15 . The government has failed to achieve political consensus on its policy and there is opposition to additional measures within the ruling party , with a group in parliament asking for a full-party debate on the issue . A cabinet meeting was to be held before additional measures were announced . Greece was hoping to return to the markets to help fund its deficit but with borrowing costs being prohibitively high this has left Greece with very little negotiating power . Earlier this week , ratings agency Moody 's cut its rating of Greece to one of the worst levels possible , only slightly above recently-defaulted Ecuador . Last week , the IMF threatened to veto the release of the latest 12 billion euro portion of Greece 's existing rescue package because the country could not guarantee its solvency . Greece 's creditors are were expected Friday to announce a decision on the release of that money .	The new measures call for extra taxes for employees and pensioners Daily strikes and demonstrations are already common Greece 's main labor unions have called a general strike on June 15
CNN  -- On the same day terrorists took lives in Boston , Secretary of State John Kerry talked in Tokyo about another young life extinguished by an explosive device , Foreign Service Officer Anne Smedinghoff . "  A 25-year-old young woman , full of idealism , full of hopes , taking books to children in a school so they can learn , and wiped out by terrorism , by the worst kind of nihilistic nothing -- violence that does n't stand for anything except killing people and stopping the future , " Kerry said , talking of his decision to pay a condolence visit to her parents and vowing her death would not be in vain . "  We 're not going to be deterred . We 're going to be inspired . And we 're going to use Anne 's idealism as another motivation for the idealism that brings all of you to this effort in the first place . We can make this world better . " Only hours later came Boston , and more lives blown apart by explosive devices planted to deadly effect on a day that should have been a holiday . Bombs hit innocents right in the heart of a street celebration and were timed for the most lethal impact . Spectators killed . Babies injured . An 8-year-old boy , who had held a handmade sign calling for peace , dead . A young Boston woman full of promise extinguished before her 30th birthday . A young Chinese woman who chased her dream of education in Boston killed . Death clinging to the streets in a city that would have found the idea unthinkable even moments before . Carnage all around . Americans will be called upon in the coming days to do as so many families have before them : to pull themselves out of the swamp of their heartbreak and to push forward with life . To make certain that those who practice destruction and devastation do not achieve a win . To find the valor amid the annihilation and to force resilience to rise up against grief . As Kerry said , to be inspired by horror to "  make this world better , " as Boston 's first responders and a slew of marathon volunteers surely were . But it will not be easy . Facing down terror and resuming life is tough . Rebuilding after loss requires a particular kind of tenacity and a commitment to living that grief wants to smother . Many push forward to do honor to the memory of those they have lost . But they must remind themselves each step of the way that though it would be easier to succumb to loss they must instead choose life . Because otherwise their loved one 's example would be in vain . As Boston struggled to reconcile itself with the re-emergence of terror , a series of bombs exploded across Iraq leaving death and maiming behind . People simply trying to make a flight at Baghdad 's airport died when parked cars became explosives . At least 42 were killed across the country . In Pakistan , a suicide bomber killed nine people who came out for an election rally . More than 50 were wounded . Across the world innocents are targeted and terror seizes the spotlight with little effort . All that is left to be done is to bear witness , bring perpetrators to justice and continue living . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Gayle Lemmon .	Gayle Lemmon : Terror does n't discriminate : People all over world died Monday Lemmon : Like the diplomat killed in Afghanistan , lives were cut short in Boston She says rebuilding after loss requires tenacity and a commitment to living Lemmon : Terror easily seizes the spotlight ; we must bear witness and find justice
CNN  An Alaska Airlines flight was forced to make an emergency landing Monday after its pilot reported hearing unusual banging . Flight 448 , which had been bound for Los Angeles , returned to Seattle . Upon landing , a ramp agent was discovered inside the front cargo hold , according to a statement from the airline . The agent , who is an employee of Alaska contractor Menzies Aviation , told authorities he had fallen asleep , the statement said . He appeared to be in OK condition . The cargo hold is pressurized and temperature controlled . The plane was also only in the air for 14 minutes , Alaska Airlines said . CNN affiliate KOMO spoke to Marty Collins , a passenger on the plane . "  We just took off for L.A. regular and then about , oh , about five minutes into the flight the captain came on and said we were going back and we 'd land within five to seven minutes , and we did , " Collins said . "  When we landed was when all the trucks and the police and the fire trucks surrounded the plane . " The agent was taken to an area hospital as a precaution . He passed a drug test and was discharged , Alaska Airlines said . He 'd been on a four-person team loading baggage onto the flight . All ramp employees have security badges , and undergo full criminal background checks before being hired , said Alaska Airlines . A total of 170 passengers and six crew members were on Flight 448 . After returning to Seattle , the aircraft took off again , arriving in Los Angeles on Monday evening .	Agent was taken to an area hospital as a precaution . He passed a drug test and was discharged , Alaska Airlines says The cargo hold is pressurized and temperature controlled
Over the weekend on his trip to Indonesia , Secretary of State John Kerry implored the global community to take action on climate change , calling it "  the greatest challenge of our generation . " Speaking to students , he underscored what we all know to be true : that climate change is an undeniable fact and a danger that we can no longer afford to ignore . Around the globe , President Obama and his chief diplomat are pressing for urgent action to combat the effects of climate change and reduce carbon pollution before we pass the point of no return . But the decision that will either solidify or irrevocably weaken Obama 's legacy as a leader on climate change lies much closer to home in the proposed Keystone XL pipeline , which would pump heavy tar sands crude through America 's heartland . The world was watching in June when the President drew a line in the sand during his speech at Georgetown , where he declared that the Keystone XL pipeline would be approved only if "  the project does not significantly exacerbate the problem of carbon pollution . " Today , the world is still watching , and if President Obama is to remain a global climate leader , his choice is clear . Keystone XL fails the President 's climate test , and he must reject it . If approved , Keystone XL will unlock the Alberta tar sands , spur investment in and production of dirty fossil fuels at an irreversible rate and undermine the President 's global efforts to reduce carbon emissions . And while the flawed Final Environmental Impact Statement released by the State Department last month was touted by TransCanada Corp. as proof that the Keystone XL pipeline would not substantially increase carbon emissions , substantial oversights and serious questions about the report 's integrity mean this question is far from resolved . Oil industry apologists insist that the Keystone XL pipeline will not have an impact on carbon pollution , because without it , the tar sands would come out of the ground anyway . But the oil industry has acknowledged that it needs additional pipeline capacity to keep up with increasing production . A report by the Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers predicts that existing pipelines will be full by the end of 2014 . And Keystone XL , which would transport up to 830,000 barrels per day , is only part of the solution . To meet its aggressive 2030 production goals , the industry would need all five of its proposed pipeline projects and then would still fall short . Others claim that rail is a viable alternative to pipelines and that the tar sands will be developed with or without new pipeline capacity . But they are ignoring key facts . Industry and Canadian officials have conceded that rail is not a substitute for Keystone XL in terms of capacity . Not only that , rail is significantly more expensive . The State Department estimates that shipping tar sands by pipeline costs about $ 8 to $ 10 per barrel . Make the switch to rail , and the price shoots up to $ 15 to $ 17 per barrel , with some estimates as high as $ 31 . For investors , that means rail is only a short-term solution to get the tar sands to market , not a long-term economical alternative to new pipelines . The truth is , the oil industry needs to build a pipeline straight through the United States to access refineries on the Gulf Coast , which allows tar sands oil to be sold at higher world market prices . Keystone XL means producers ' profit margins go up , and we 're locked into an endless cycle of investment , production and pollution . At the end of the day , Keystone XL is not just another oil pipeline ; it 's a gateway to the unchecked development of one of the world 's dirtiest fossil fuels . Secretary Kerry was right : Climate change is the greatest challenge of our generation , and it is our responsibility to preserve our planet for generations to come . But America can not lead the fight on climate change abroad while allowing even more pollution to be produced in our own backyard . To truly be a global leader on climate change , President Obama must first make the right choices here at home . He must deny the Keystone XL pipeline .	Tom Steyer : Secretary Kerry rightly called climate change one of our greatest challenges Steyer : If President Obama is to be a climate leader , he must reject the Keystone XL pipeline Steyer : Pipeline unlocks tar sand oil and leads to unchecked development of dirty fossil fuels He says U.S. ca n't lead on climate change abroad while polluting our own backyard more
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Police say one thing was clear when authorities showed up at a house in Arizona looking for a California girl who had been missing for seven years . The family inside was hiding something . They were "  evasive and untruthful , " said Capt. Patrick Maxwell of the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department 's Norwalk Station . When family members were asked to produce a birth certificate or adoption papers for Amber Rose Nicklas , they could not . Maxwell says that is when they admitted the 7-year-old girl was not theirs . The child had been missing since September 2003 . She was in the care of foster parents in Norwalk , California , when she was snatched by three of her aunts . Two of the aunts were caught at the time but a third got away with the infant . Maxwell says it appears Amber had been living with the same family in Phoenix , Arizona , for most of the time she was missing , but police are still investigating how she ended up with people who are not her biological family . Authorities got a tip that Amber could be at a home in Phoenix and went there with a court order Wednesday afternoon . When investigators tried to serve the court order , they found that a woman in the home had hidden the child in a shower under a pile of clothes and towels , said Phoenix police Sgt. Trent Crump . Amber 's identity had been changed , including her name and date of birth , police said . Authorities confirmed Amber 's real identity through footprints , photographs and DNA swabs . The child is in state custody in California and prosecutors will file charges , Crump said . CNN 's Nick Valencia and Sonya Hamasaki contributed to this report .	Police say the Arizona family holding the girl was "  evasive and untruthful " Amber Rose Nicklas is now in the custody of California authorities Girl 's identity is confirmed through footprints and a DNA swab The girl was abducted from California in 2003 when she was a year old
CNN  -- German zookeepers in Nuremberg will bottle-feed a four-week-old polar bear and rear it away from its mother after concerns the mother would eat her cub , officials said Thursday . Zookeepers fear the unnamed polar bear cub could be at risk of being eaten . The cub , which does n't yet have a name , was being cared for at Nuremberg City Zoo , where it was resting under heat lamps and is drinking formula . "  It 's gaining weight , it 's very hungry , it drinks a lot of milk , " said Alexandra Foghammar , a spokeswoman for the city . The zoo announced Thursday that the cub is female . Wednesday , the zoo said keepers decided to take the cub away from its mother , Vera , because the mother was showing signs of being upset and confused , taking her baby in and out of the animals ' enclosure . "  We were 100 percent sure that the baby was going to die if we did n't take it away from her , " Nuremberg zoo director Dag Encke told Time magazine . "  This would have been a death verdict for the cub . " The zoo confirmed earlier this week that its other female polar bear , Vilma , had eaten her two offspring . The zoo said it feared Vera would do the same , so it took her cub away as a precaution . Since then , the cub is thriving in the care of humans , but Vera seems to miss her cub , Foghammar said . Watch how zoo has faced criticism over polar bears . " "  The mother is a little bit nervous , " she said . "  She walks around and is searching for the baby , but the responsible persons for the zoo say this is normal . It will continue for three or four days . It 's a normal situation . " The zookeepers are pondering whether to bring another adult bear , possibly the cub 's father , Felix , to the zoo to help Vera overcome her loss , and are seeking another small bear to serve as a companion for the rescued cub , Time reported . The zoo said a keeper entered Vilma 's enclosure Monday and noticed that her two cubs were nowhere to be found . The zoo said it assumes Vilma ate her young because she believed the cubs were sick , though zookeepers say the cubs were last seen on Sunday and appeared in good health . But Foghammar told Time that the separation of the bears was bad for the "  principle of wildlife conservation " at the zoo : "  Now the cub will not grow up to act in a natural way , just as the mother lacked the experience to bring up a cub . " The plight of the cub follows the case last year of Knut , a cub rejected by its mother at Berlin Zoo who became the focus of a media frenzy after animal rights campaigners called for it to be killed , claiming it had become too dependent on humans . E-mail to a friend	Four-week-old polar bear separated from mother amid fears she would eat it Nuremberg City Zoo 's other polar bear ate its own two offspring earlier this week Mother was showing signs of being upset and confused , zookeepers said
CNN  -- The death toll from clashes between Yemeni security forces and protesters rose to 13 , an activist said . The clashes occurred in the cities of Sanaa and Taiz on Wednesday , said Ibrahim Mothana , an activist who said he spoke to doctors . The death toll could rise as he was trying to get reports on victims in at least three other hospitals , Mothana said . CNN could not independently verify his report . Witnesses said Yemeni security forces used live ammunition fired on protesters in Sanaa and Taiz on Wednesday . Doctors and witnesses in the cities told CNN that 169 more people had been injured , some critically . "  Security forces are aiming for a massacre in Sanaa , " said Abdul Wahab Anesi , a medical staff spokesman at a field hospital set up in Change Square . Before Republican Guards began firing at protesters in the square , they reportedly clashed with military personnel who had been protecting demonstrators gathered there . Journalists , medical sources and other witnesses told CNN that these soldiers defected two months ago along with Maj. Gen. Ali Mohsen Al-Ahmar , who withdrew his support from President Ali Abdullah Saleh in late March . At the time , he promised to protect civilians demonstrating against the president . In addition to the casualties in the capital , three people were killed and four were reported critically injured in Taiz . "  The attack took place while we were chanting , ` One more week left for you , Saleh , ' " said Sabir Ali , a protester in Taiz . The protesters were giving Saleh a week to step down , saying if he does not , they will make good on a vow to march to the presidential palace . Earlier , a senior security official denied that forces fired on protesters in Taiz .	Death toll could rise even higher , an activist says Live ammunition is used against protesters in Sanaa and Taiz , witnesses say At least 169 people are injured by gunfire , rocks or batons in both cities , they say The Republican Guard fought military personnel who were protecting demonstrators
CNN  -- A viral video has real officers going for laughs with the serious intent of finding their next police chief . "  We wanted something that expressed our culture of openness , " said Hillsboro , Oregon , Lt. Michael Rouches , the department 's public information officer . "  It 's not that we take our jobs lightly , it 's that we tend to approach every situation with a positive attitude . So we thought , ` how could we demonstrate that message to a potential chief of police ? ' " The answer came in the form of a scripted video that 's part "  Law and Order , " part "  Parks and Recreation . " It 's been a smash on YouTube . Running a little more than six minutes , the video comprises sketch routines featuring officers on the 120-member force . "  This is our dispatcher , Earleen , " an officer says cheerfully in one sequence . "  She 's fantastic ; you can reach her at 911 . " All the officers , except one acting "  cool , " are from the department . The two bad guys are professional actors . The video was shot over three days in early July and cost about $ 9,200 . Rouches said the money came from the city 's marketing budget . "  It 's public money , and when we look at the return on this $ 9,000 we spent , the fact is that a lot of folks are paying attention , " he said . "  I 'm also very sensitive to the public 's trust about the money , but the feedback from the people in our city has been very positive . " Hillsboro may be looking for an image makeover as well . The previous police chief resigned in March amid labor tensions , according to The Oregonian newspaper . In addition , a former commander filed a hostile work environment action against the interim police chief , who left in June , the newspaper said . Rouches said the environment has greatly improved . "  The issues internally have never been issues externally ; they 've never manifested themselves out in the field , and that 's where the rubber meets the road for us , " he said . Will the video be a hit or miss ? Will it start a trend for first-responders looking for applicants ? Lauri Stevens , a social media consultant for police departments , thought Hillsboro did the right thing . "  This video in my opinion was  and  is a risk , " Stevens said . "  But I think in the long run , it 's going to be a big win for both their reputation and their selection options for the next chief . " She also praised the department for being a trendsetter . "  Hillsboro is pushing that envelope and so they 're going to be criticized . All pioneers have to take a few arrows in the back right ? " she said . "  They say they 're not an uptight department and , I would say they 're proving it ! " The video 's director echoed the sentiment , calling it a "  fantastic " way to get the word out . "  It was awesome that they wanted to do something like this , " said Brett Eichenberger . "  We think outside of the box . I look at this as a great opportunity to get a positive message out there about the police . " Rouches said he has seen criticism of the video in web comments after articles about it , but he stands by the department 's decision . "  If they could meet our folks , they could understand what we are trying to get across , " he said . "  The whole thing is to connect with people and make good things happen . " And for anyone who may be interested , the salary for the Hillsboro police chief ranges between $ 101,916 and $ 137,880 . IRS ` Star Trek ' video an 'em barrassing ' mistake	The Hillsboro Police Department in Oregon seeks a new police chief Its recruitment video , starring officers , goes for laughs at a cost of $ 9,200 "  We wanted something that expressed our culture of openness , " spokesman says
CNN  -- We all know the slogans meant to express empathy and solidarity : "  We are Columbine . " "  We are all New Yorkers . " "  I am Trayvon Martin . " The "  We are Ferguson " messages have already begun , and we will likely see more . The well-intended connections seldom work . Most of us are not Columbine because most of us did not lose children in our community in a high school mass shooting . We are not all New Yorkers because only some of us experienced the aftermath of 9/11 at Ground Zero . I am not Trayvon Martin because I am not a black male . Are we Ferguson ? That 's a harder question . Ferguson has a median household income of $ 36,645 and an unemployment rate topping 13 % . And as the world now knows , Ferguson 's overwhelmingly white police force arrests blacks at a pace nearly four times higher than whites . On the other hand , although you would n't know it from most of the news coverage , Ferguson is also one of the most racially integrated municipalities in Missouri . It includes not only working-class blacks and white professionals , but also black professionals and working-class whites . And many of Ferguson 's residents bridge racial and socioeconomic lines in their neighborhoods . With all of its complexities , Ferguson does not sound like my world . I teach at Washington University , where most of my colleagues and students are white . I shop at mostly white places that feel safe and convenient . Most of the contentious issues in my mostly white neighborhood are about bike paths and trees . Many of you live in my world . It would be easy for those in my world to say we are not Ferguson . But highlighting our differences misses something important : We are part of the reason for the circumstances that it confronts today . We may not be Ferguson , but we helped make Ferguson . That we made Ferguson is reflected in politics and geography . Ferguson is one of dozens of municipalities nestled around St. Louis . Like many large urban areas in this country , each St. Louis municipality is separately incorporated with its own police force , schools and tax base . I pass through three of them to get to my local grocery store -- and Ferguson 's burned down QuikTrip is just seven miles from my workplace and house . In the best cases , these divisions create the possibility for good local government and communities where friendship and civic involvement can flourish . In the worst cases , they provide opportunities for self-interest and exploitation . St. Louis has some of the best ; it also has some of the worst . The worst cases are often tied to the issues of race and class . We made Ferguson because our choices reinforce racial and class divisions that manifest not only in cultures and attitudes , but also in schools , neighborhoods , churches and businesses . Many of us do not live in large urban areas . But we , too , made Ferguson because we 're complicit in a system of criminal justice that disproportionately harms black men , and therefore , the black community . We made Ferguson because we do not address the vast and growing injustices for America 's poor -- black and white . We made Ferguson because too many of us would rather tweet than get involved in the messiness of local politics and community building . The hard work of solving problems does n't happen from hashtag campaigns or writing blog posts and articles -- like this one . We made Ferguson because we have more tolerance for riots after sporting events than for citizens protesting injustice . We stand by and watch the government 's most egregious violations of our First Amendment rights when the protests are about the things that matter most . And that 's true not only of the initial police response to Ferguson , but also of the restrictions placed on many of the Occupy demonstrations , on some labor protests and in many other instances of political and religious dissent in recent years . Ferguson does not have any easy solutions . But we need to begin by talking about the problems in a more honest and self-reflective way . We need to start having the tough conversations that many of us too often avoid out of fear , ignorance or inconvenience . Some of us have been engaged in these conversations for a long time . But many of us , especially many people whose lives and neighborhoods and workplaces look a lot like mine , have not yet begun . Whether we 've already been talking or are just about to start , we need to risk awkwardness and misunderstanding as we stumble toward dialogue . And we need to extend grace to one another as we take those risks . But we ca n't just talk . We need to be willing to share time and experiences that lead to friendships , not just conversation partners . We might look to Ferguson to see what else must come next : learning about the issues , better supporting local businesses and nonprofits , expanding voter registration and voter education , monitoring local courtrooms and bureaucrats and holding accountable those officials who have used their power for harm rather than for good . We can do these things after the cameras go away and where the cameras have never been . We may not all put bodies on the line for the largely peaceful demonstrations . But we can put them on the line in the months and years to come -- by choosing to engage in the slow and difficult work of restoring communities . We owe at least that much to Ferguson and to all the Fergusons across our country .	John Inazu : Slogans like "  We are all Columbine " are n't true , nor is "  We are Ferguson " Inazu : Not all of us live in those circumstances , but we all made Ferguson come into being He says we reinforce racial and class divisions that affect neighborhoods , schools Inazu : We allow a system that disproportionately harms black men and neglects inequality
CNN  -- If you set your alarm this morning for quarter-past ungodly  California time  to catch the predawn announcement of the Oscars nominations , then we 're in the same twisted little club . The Order of the Oscars Freaks . Years before Oscars handicapping became an official Olympics sport -- What ? It 's not ? -- two fellow Oscars-obsessed friends and I made an annual game of trying to predict who 'd get nominated . I never won  I tied once  , but I never lost my enthusiasm for it ; that is until every magazine and website came along with their own predictions and took the fun out of it . This year for old times ' sake we revived our game , only doing the best actor category because it 's been an impossibly full year of great male lead performances that have stumped the prognosticators . My 14-year-old nephew Miles was in on it because he 's been a rabid Oscar fiend since he was at least , oh , 12 . Call out a category -- best actress say -- and a year -- 1966 -- and he 'll holler back "  Julie . Christie , not Andrews . " Am I proud , or concerned ? Today the results came in and we all tied with four corrects each , but with different names on our lists . Jude must have known Christian Bale had the gale winds of "  American Hustle " at his back . David , a great strategist , and Miles the Scorsese devotee , both recognized Leo DiCaprio 's high standing with the Academy , even if Miles wo n't be seeing that film anytime soon , I pray . We all had faith in Bruce , Matthew and Chiwetel  funny how we know them all by first name .  I held out for Robert Redford because , well , he 's Redford , and because I 'm un-young . That should teach me to stop leading with my heart . But did anyone ever imagine that betting against Mr. Oscars himself , Tom Hanks , could pay off ? If I had I would have won for once . Of course , Oscar mania is not just about the horse race . It 's also the spectacle , the show around the show . The history . I 'm a diehard . I have n't missed an Oscars since I got hooked as a teen . My favorite year was 1978 , the night Jane Fonda and Jon Voight took the best leads categories for "  Coming Home . " Justice ! Glory ! As a professional plower of the fields of celebrity , with a license to fawn and gush  want to see my card ?  I 've attended the Oscars , been inside the crimson cocoon , felt the collective shock when "  Shakespeare In Love " beat "  Saving Private Ryan " for Best Picture . I 've stepped on a few gowns . Not even the cruel realization that there are essentially two red carpets -- velvet stanchions separate the stars on one side from the rest of us attendees -- could squelch my blind and blinded-by-the-flashbulbs enthusiasm . But like most true believers I have my moments of doubt . If you are not in our little club , I get where you 're coming from . To the Osc-nostics it is all too much , too little , and certainly , should you try to slog through the entire three-and-a-half hour ceremony on March 2 , too late . It is kind of preposterous : over-hyped , over-scored , overwrought . In poor Oscar 's defense , for the past decade or so Hollywood 's big night has had to suffer indignities that the Academy of Old could n't have imagined : dwindling viewership , the cultural-relevance supremacy of TV over movies , an attention deficit that just ca n't sit still for the live-action shorts category , acting and directing victories basically pre-called by critics and Tweeters and bookies , James Franco . There 's desperation in the air . Oscar 's been trying too hard . This year 's host Ellen Degeneres will take care of some of that , I 'm sure . You never see her sweat . Plus , there 's red carpet fatigue , as the Oscars limp on high heels to the finish line of a bloated awards season as overextended as Christmas and the NFL . Critics ' awards , the People 's Choice Awards , the Golden Globes , the SAG Awards  $ " you can only cut to a reaction shot of Jennifer Lawrence so many times before it constitutes stalking . But is it Oscar 's fault that everyone else wants in on the action ? I recognize the madness -- struggle with it -- but it 's hopeless . I just ca n't shake my addiction . Will I sound like I 'm on the Academy 's payroll if I argue that the Oscars really are a great national tradition ? Movies , of course , which might actually be getting better . And stars , our collective guilty delight . And glamor , maybe even a modicum of sophistication . And there are less-lofty traditions to savor : Carping about his speech , dissing her dress . Trying to catch a loser register a little disappointment . Enduring campy production numbers with aerialists . Dutifully filling out the ballots at your friend 's Oscars party even if the only movie you saw that year starred Adam Sandler . It 's all part of the ritual . The knowing that it 's all too much , but the kind of too much that some of us just ca n't get enough of . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tim Allis .	If you watched early morning Oscars nominations , you 're in Tim Allis ' Order of Oscar Freaks Allis : It 's not just a horse race : Oscar mania is the spectacle , the show , the history Allis : Academy of Old could n't have imagined dwindling viewership , competition from TV Despite its excesses , he says , Oscars are a great national tradition , with a little magic
CNN  -- Concluding its investigation into the unintended anthrax exposure at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta , the CDC says it has found another more "  distressing " problem due to lab workers not following protocol . The CDC held a news conference to discuss the conclusion of its investigation Friday . It determined that while it is "  not impossible " that the staff was exposed to viable B. anthracis  anthrax  , it is "  extremely unlikely " that this happened . The lab workers ' health is being monitored , and they were given antibiotics as a precaution . No one who may have been exposed has gotten sick . The incident was discovered on June 13 . The CDC report says the potential exposure happened between June 6 and June 13 . A lab that had been preparing the anthrax samples for use in two other labs on the CDC 's Atlanta campus "  may not have adequately inactivated the samples . " That means the other labs were working with samples thought to be harmless ; therefore , workers did n't wear protective equipment they would otherwise have been using when handling such infectious material . Procedures in two of the three labs may have exposed workers to the anthrax , the CDC said . Hallway and lab areas have since been decontaminated . The leader of one of the labs was reassigned shortly after the incident was revealed . CDC spokesman Tom Skinner would not confirm the name of the person who was reassigned . There are three types of anthrax infection : cutaneous  through the skin  , inhalation  through the lungs  and gastrointestinal  through digestion  . According to the report , the exposure happened because the lab that was handling the dangerous material initially did n't use an approved sterilization technique . It did n't have a written plan reviewed by senior staff to make sure all safety protocols were followed , and there was a limited knowledge of peer-reviewed literature about the process that would make it less dangerous . The lab also did not have a standard operating procedure that would make sure the transfer of the material would be safe . Bottom line , "  the scientists failed to follow a scientifically derived and reviewed protocol that would have assured the anthrax was deactivated , " according to CDC Director Tom Frieden . It "  should have happened , and it did n't . " During the investigation "  multiple other problems were found , " according to Frieden . What to know about anthrax Investigators found another troubling case that involved a dangerous transfer of material . This happened six weeks ago . But what 's "  most distressing , " according to Frieden , is that he had found out about it "  less than 48 hours ago . " In this case , a culture of nonpathogenic avian influenza , meaning a type of the flu that is not that dangerous , was unintentionally cross-contaminated with a potentially deadly kind of flu -- the highly pathogenic H5N1 . This strain has killed millions of birds and infected over 600 people over the last decade . In the case of this contamination , the CDC says none of the lab workers were exposed to the dangerous virus . It was , however , shipped to a lab run by the United States Department of Agriculture . The CDC has closed the labs that were involved in the incidents . The lab where the flu contamination occurred wo n't reopen until the lab puts better safety procedures in place , Frieden says . The lab involved in the anthrax incident will remain closed for such dangerous microbes until Frieden personally approves its reopening under conditions that prevent any such mishap from happening again , Frieden said . The CDC has also stopped moving any biological material out of its two highest-level labs while their procedures are being reevaluated . As a result of these problems , the CDC has created a high-level group of leaders who will work on lab safety issues . It has also started putting together an external advisory group to take a closer look at lab safety . And the CDC is carefully reviewing all the other procedures for labs working with dangerous pathogens , and it has put together a rapid-response command structure to hopefully help the labs avoid future incidents . "  I will say that I 'm just astonished that this could have happened here , " Frieden said . He stands by his labs , which are considered some of the best in the world , and he stands by his scientists . But he added that he is "  upset , " "  angry " and has lost sleep over the incidents , and he is "  working around the clock " to make sure it never happens again . CDC lab leader reassigned during anthrax investigation CNN 's Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	An investigation of an anthrax incident at the CDC concludes no lab workers were exposed The investigation turned up another safety issue involving bird flu The CDC director is "  upset " and "  angry " that it happened
CNN  -- I 've just listened to NRA Executive Vice President Wayne LaPierre suggest we need guns in our schools because "  our society is populated by an unknown number of genuine monsters . " I cringed . After his further suggestion that the United States create a nationwide database for the mentally ill , I got angry . Leaving aside the issue of medical privacy laws , I found it ironic that an organization so vehemently opposed to gun registration would propose such a measure . NRA clear on gun debate stance : Arm schools As a parent , it 's been heartbreaking to watch television coverage of the shooting of 20 innocent children , six teachers and the gunman 's mother in Newtown , Connecticut . But as the parent of a wonderful young man with Asperger 's syndrome , coping as pundits and journalists link this diagnosis to the crime in an attempt to find meaning has added another layer of anger and grief to an already stressful situation . LaPierre 's remarks were the latest salvo in a campaign of misinformation and fear mongering about mental illness , sparked by news reports that shooter Adam Lanza had been diagnosed with Asperger 's , a type of autism . Groups : Autism not to blame for violence In 2006 , my son Josh , then 12 , and I visited the StoryCorps booth in New York , where members of the public are encouraged to tell their stories for the program that airs on National Public Radio . It was a difficult time for both of us . Josh was an honors student , but he found the increasing use of nonverbal social cues confusing . Kids were n't as tolerant of differences as they were in elementary school , and he was bullied . My divorce from Josh 's dad was dragging on . Josh and I talked regularly , but there is something magical about being face-to-face in the quiet of the StoryCorps booth . Six years later , I still get e-mails from people thanking us for sharing that moment of parent/child intimacy . Last Saturday I sat down with Josh , now 19 , who was already anxious about his upcoming finals week at college , for another lengthy conversation . We discussed what he might see on TV or online and the thoughtless yet hurtful comments he might encounter in his real life from people who have learned what little they know about Asperger 's from misleading media coverage in the wake of Newtown . I wanted to ensure that he understood whatever drove that deeply troubled young man to do what he did , it was n't because he may or may not have had a diagnosis of Asperger 's . I want Josh to understand that no matter what anyone says , he is not a "  monster . " I have Asperger 's ; I am just like you Josh finds the spotlight uncomfortable , but he gave me permission to write this piece because we both feel it so important that everyone , including Wayne LaPierre , the NRA and each and every journalist who has access to a nationwide audience , knows this too . As a journalist myself , I implore my colleagues to be more responsible , to consider the impact they have with their words in the dangerous rush to be the first to find "  answers . " When my son was diagnosed at age 5 , I had many feelings of my own to sort out , a process made infinitely more difficult by others rushing to judgment . Like that 30-minute , long-distance haranguing from a member of my ex-husband 's family asking me why I was "  damaging " my child by "  labeling " him . Imagine how much more reluctant families will be to accept a diagnosis now if there is a link in their minds with being a potential mass murderer -- even when there is no evidence whatsoever this is the case . Sandy Hook legacy may be backlash against autism "  We 're very concerned about families feeling stigmatized and being afraid to seek services for fear that their child will be seen as a possible ` monster , ' " said Sara Reed , director of advocacy and family services for an autism resource center in Connecticut . "  We 've done so much work in the last few years trying to reduce stigma and isolation -- to help families get the support and services that they need and deserve . It 's difficult enough to raise a child with a disability . We do n't need misinformation and community ` rush to judgment ' to make it worse . " Journalists , please be responsible . Do n't just roll out the celebrity doctors . World-renowned autism expert Dr. Fred Volkmar of the Yale Child Study Center is right here in New Haven . Your shoddy work impacts our children 's lives . Meanwhile , we parents will continue to explain to our kids , who have already grown up trying to overcome feelings of isolation and difference , that what Lanza did has no more to do with them than if he were diabetic or left handed -- and I 'll admire and love my son more every day for teaching me to think out of the box . A mother 's anger : Stop linking autism to violence	Mother of son with Asperger 's upset about misinformation spread recently Writer implores journalists to be responsible when reporting on the syndrome "  Your shoddy work impacts our children 's lives , " she says
CNN  -- Gore Vidal was a man of immense literary talent , some of which he used well , some of which he wasted . His essays are widely thought to be his best work . Two of his historical novels , "  Burr " and "  Julian " are gems . The more widely read and prize-winning "  Lincoln " ruffled Lincoln scholars and many Americans , who objected to Vidal 's depiction of our 16th president as a ruthless proto-fascist intent on crushing the South and transforming the small government American republic into a version of Bismark 's Germany . But Vidal loved to be a polemicist and he valued imagination and vision , especially his own , more than he valued fact . Indeed his great talent for satiric wit , which perhaps brought him more fame than either his writing or his brief political career , exhibited how much more he valued wit than truth . His death removes a man who loved his country so much that sometimes he hated it , and who loved no one , even himself . Love was not a feature of human life that he had much interest in or sympathy for . He was mainly preoccupied with power and justice in the individual life , in the community and in the historical perspective . He was not shy about saying that behind his icy exterior was an icy interior . Shy is the wrong word . He was not shy about anything . I got to know Gore Vidal quite well , up front and personal , his magnificent strengths and his appalling , almost other-worldly weaknesses . One day in the mid-1990s I got a call from Vidal 's literary executor , asking if I would be interested in writing his biography . The idea excited me . All my biographical subjects had been long dead literary greats . Gore had looked at my bios of Dickens and Henry James . He liked the idea of being in such company . News : Gore Vidal , chronicler of American life and politics , dies Still , I hesitated . Vidal had the reputation of being a man used to getting his way . What if he attempted to exercise control over the manuscript and to pressure me to write it to suit him ? At my request and on the basis of a draft I provided , he wrote a letter stating that he would give me complete cooperation and not attempt at any stage to vet the manuscript . He would not see the book until it was published . As soon as we could clear our schedules , we began six months of intensive interviews at his home in Ravello and on the phone . He enjoyed fine dining and drinking , and he was disappointed that at the time I was a nondrinker . He made up for my abstinence , and the Gore who verged on alcoholism and who went to fat farms to work off dozens of pounds before doing a book tour called me at any hour , his speech slightly slurred , to make another point or simply to talk . Opinion : My friend , il maestro Gore Vidal He was not a conversationalist . He was a magnificent monologist . With a deep , mellifluous voice , a sharp witty tongue and a wide range of anecdotes about himself and famous people he had known and knew , he commanded the stage . At his best he was riveting , though often with a touch of the pompous . For Gore , charm and charisma , like his voice , were tools in an arsenal . He had a deep , unquestioned faith in his ability to get his own way . Where he succeeded most was in his writing and his spontaneous interviews . In his attempt at a political career , pursuing the nomination of the Democratic party for the governorship of California in 1982 , his tools failed him . Charm and charisma did n't work . He was too much the cultured patrician to be a viable candidate . There was no way he could be elected to high office . News : A dozen thoughts from Gore Vidal He made another misjudgment when he moved to Italy in the late 1960s . He could never understand why Norman Mailer and Truman Capote had more presence on the American literary scene than he did . It was , I suggested , because he lived in Italy . In the pre-Skype days , that was like living on another planet . Americans want their writers to be in America . He preferred the attractions of Italy . Vidal also preferred to pay for sex . He met his long-time companion , Howard Austen , in a New York bath house . He later stated a number of times that they never had sex , which is why they could have such a long relationship . Vidal was vain and delighted in his physical good looks until he lost them . He loved to be photographed . Whatever room he walked into , he thought himself the most important man in the room . He sometimes was not , but he was usually the most interesting . Coldness , narcissism , pomposity , the preference for wit and personal vision above truth , his love of celebrity and celebrities -- all that fades away , as do the failings of the two writers he felt most competitive with and trashed often , Mailer and Capote . What remains is a large body of literary work : the insignificant but respectable work for stage , movies and television ; the paranoid political fulminations of his later years ; the wonderful variety of historical novels ; the satiric novels about sex and religion , like "  Myra Breckinridge " and "  Live from Golgotha ; " the imaginative and wicked fantasy novels like "  Duluth ; " and the wonderful collected essays that reveal a mastery of the essay tone that places him almost in the company of Montaigne and Emerson . In my own view , he should have stuck to literature , he should not have alienated so many people , he should have given higher value to truth than wit , and he should have found ways to value if not to love those who were ready to love him . In my case , the tiny affair was over when he called me , just before the biography was to go to press , and demanded to vet the manuscript as if the agreement we had put in writing did not exist . I was disappointed but not surprised . Most of his people relationships ended that way . But he did have and still has an ongoing significant relationship with literary history , and he deserves more than a footnote , or at least a very long footnote , in discussions of the American scene and American culture between 1960 and 1990 . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Fred Kaplan .	Fred Kaplan : Gore Vidal had huge literary talent , some well used , some wasted His satire showed how he prized wit , vision over truth , he says . He loved celebrity He says he wrote biography of Vidal , saw his charm , pomposity , inability to love Kaplan : Vidal a brilliant essayist , should have stuck to literature , his enduring legacy
CNN  -- Remember when the new "  Star Wars " trailer was burning up the Internet ? George Lucas apparently did n't get the memo . The franchise 's creator recently told the New York Post 's Page Six that he has n't watched the teaser for next year 's "  Star Wars : Episode VII - The Force Awakens , " which makes him the only one on the planet . When asked about it , Lucas reportedly replied "  I do n't know anything about it . I have n't seen it yet . " Somewhere , director J.J. Abrams might be feeling a bit of a sting . Lucas reportedly sold Lucasfilm , the production company behind the "  Star Wars " franchise , to Disney for billions in 2012 . He told Page Six he does plan on seeing the new film when it arrives in theaters on December 18 , 2015 , but when asked whether he was curious about the goings-on new version , he replied , "  Not really . " Might he be a bit irked at the Internet 's parodic "  George Lucas Special Edition " of the trailer ?	Lucas told Page Six that he has n't watched the teaser He sold the Lucasfilm company to Disney in 2012 Lucas was quoted as saying he 's not curious about the film
CNN  To come back or not come back ? That is the question former Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli posed on Twitter , prompting a raft of replies and retweets . The Frenchwoman was crowned champion at the All England Club in July 2013 , but announced her retirement a mere one month later due to persistent injury problems . But now it appears the former world No. 7 is pondering a return to the court , with eight-time grand slam champion Jimmy Connors warning Bartoli to only consider it if she is fully committed . Bartoli would n't be the first women 's star to come out of retirement . Veterans Martina Hingis , Jennifer Capriati and Kimiko Date-Krumm all chose to reenter the fray after saying their initial farewells . Bartoli won eight WTA titles during a 13-year professional career , reaching the quarterfinals of the Australian and U.S. Opens and the last four of her home grand slam in Paris .	Marion Bartoli asks whether she should make a comeback over Twitter She won Wimbledon in 2013 but retired one month later due to injuries Bartoli won eight WTA titles during a 13-year professional career
CNN  -- A California woman accused in the rape and murder of 8-year-old Sandra Cantu fought tears Tuesday as a judge read the charges against her in a brief court appearance . Melissa Huckaby is charged with killing 8-year-old Sandra Cantu , who was a friend of her own daughter . Wearing red jail scrubs over a white T-shirt , Melissa Huckaby , 28 , flinched at the mention of Sandra 's name . She is charged with killing Sandra , who was a friend of her own daughter . The Sunday school teacher 's lip quivered and a single tear rolled down her cheek as the judge read special circumstances alleged against her -- that the murder was committed in conjunction with a kidnapping , the performance of a lewd and lascivious act upon a child , and rape by instrument . Huckaby did not enter a plea or speak during the appearance . Public defender Ellen Schwarzenberg , who appeared in court with Huckaby , said she would not enter a plea at that time , adding she had spoken with Huckaby "  very briefly . " Read the complaint  PDF The matter was continued for arraignment on April 24 . Schwarzenberg requested a gag order be imposed in the case , but the judge put off that matter until April 24 as well . Huckaby will remain in the San Joaquin County Jail without bond . Huckaby is undergoing a medical evaluation as part of another case , an alleged petty theft being handled in a mental health court , Willett said . Asked whether that would affect the murder case , he said , "  Obviously , any mental health issues would have an effect on this case . " Schwarzenberg said she hopes people will not rush to judgment in the case until all the facts are known . If convicted as charged , Huckaby faces the death penalty or life in prison without parole , San Joaquin County District Attorney James Willett told reporters after the hearing . A decision on whether to seek the death penalty will be made later , he said . Sandra 's body was found April 6 , stuffed into a suitcase and submerged in a pond at a dairy farm . Huckaby was arrested Friday night after questioning by police . Sandra was last seen alive March 27 in the mobile home park where she lived with her family -- the same mobile home park where Huckaby lives with her own 5-year-old daughter . The two children were close friends and played together frequently , police said . Huckaby is the granddaughter of Clifford Lane Lawless , pastor of Clover Road Baptist Church near the mobile home park , and she taught Sunday school at the church , police said . The church was searched as part of the investigation into Sandra 's disappearance and death . Before her arrest , Huckaby acknowledged to a newspaper reporter that she owned the suitcase that contained Sandra 's body . But Huckaby said the suitcase had been stolen . Willett declined to comment on any of the evidence or allegations in the case , saying evidence would be presented in court . CNN Radio 's Ninette Sosa contributed to this report .	NEW : Melissa Huckaby flinches at mention of 8-year-old Sandra Cantu 's name NEW : Huckaby faces special circumstances including kidnap , rape by instrument NEW : Decision on whether to seek the death penalty will come later A Sunday school teacher , Huckaby was arrested last week
Chicago  CNN  -- Gun violence has inextricably joined Michelle and Barack Obama with a family from their Chicago neighborhood , and the president will give them a place of prominence during Tuesday night 's State of the Union address . Honor student Hadiya Pendleton had performed as a drum majorette at an event during President Obama 's second inauguration in Washington and was gunned down days later . The presence of her father , Nathaniel , and mother , Cleopatra , sitting by the first lady 's side , will be no coincidence and part of the president 's message to the nation . In his address , Obama will renew his support for the gun proposals he 's already endorsed , including a ban on military-style assault weapons and bolstering background checks , officials have said . Pendleton 's alleged killers -- both of them gang members -- will appear in court for the first time Tuesday morning in Chicago , police there said . One of them confessed Monday , saying he mistook Pendleton and her friends for someone else . The honor student was openly opposed to gang membership , taking to Twitter to discourage her followers from joining . She was 15 when she died after being shot in the back at a playground in late January , in Chicago 's Hyde Park neighborhood , not far from the Obama family home . The first lady attended her funeral . The president will visit Chicago Friday to talk about gun violence in the wake of 500 shooting deaths in his home town in 2012 . Pendleton was the 42nd victim shot dead in the city this year . The killing has prompted a ranking Chicago police official to call for stricter penalties against gun offenses . Michael Ward , 18 , and Kenneth Williams , 20 , were each charged with one count of murder and two counts of attempted murder , Police Superintendent Garry McCarthy said . Ward said he shot Pendleton , when he and Williams were out to get revenge on rival gang members , according to police . The men had fired upon Williams in July , wounding him in the arm , McCarthy said . When police arrested them , Williams refused to press charges . Instead he apparently decided to take matters into his own hands and , at best , made a serious error . "  The offenders had it all wrong , " McCarthy said . "  They thought the group they shot into included members of a rival gang . " Shatira Wilks , one of Hadiya 's cousins , said Hadiya was hanging out with a volleyball team -- a group of girls and one boy -- when she was killed . Williams allegedly drove getaway and waited in a car for Ward , who wielded the gun , McCarthy said . Police initially received no solid tips on the shooter 's identity , but they did get a description of the car , which they were able to link to a traffic stop days before the killing . That , along with information from parolees , led them to the two men . Ward surrendered on Saturday night without a struggle , McCarthy said , but Williams tried to escape . Wilks said the family was elated that the suspects were in jail . "  However there is no level of comfort -- not long-term comfort -- and we are still miserable , " she said . The shooting should not have happened , McCarthy said , openly frustrated with Illinois ' gun laws . Ward was already on parole for a previous gun violation -- unlawful use of a firearm -- when he shot Pendleton , McCarthy said . He thinks he should have been behind bars and not walking around free . "  Michael Ward would not have been on the streets of New York City to commit this act , if it had happened there , " McCarthy said . "  This is not about gun control , he said . This is about the criminal justice system being designed to prevent gun violence . " The police superintendent called for mandatory minimum sentences for gun crimes . What he wants most are controls surrounding the "  loss , theft or transfer of firearms . " President Obama hand-wrote a note to Pendleton 's parents , when she died . It was printed on the funeral program and included a promise to take action : "  We know that no words from us can soothe the pain , but rest assured that we are praying for you , and that we will continue to work as hard as we can to end this senseless violence . God Bless , Barack Obama . "	Hadiya Pendleton 's parents will sit with Michelle Obama at the State of the Union Address The teenager was killed at a playground near the Obamas ' Chicago home Hadiya had performed at Obama 's second inauguration A ranking Chicago police official is calling for stricter regulations on gun crime
Sierra Vista , Arizona  CNN  They are sleek , mostly silent converted weapons of war : Drones used by the Border Patrol to scan the skies in the empty deserts of the Southwest to spot illegal immigrants and then , if things work out , have agents arrest them . That 's the idea , and the agents who use them say the drones give them a vantage point they never had before . CNN was inside the control room in Fort Huachuca , Arizona , during a recent mission , when a control team inside a virtual cockpit operated the drones . Opinion : Can U.S. drone policy finally soar ? Flying at 18,000 feet , the drones view the landscape below , lock onto potential suspects crossing the Arizona desert , and agents on the ground move into make the arrests . But it 's outrageously expensive : $ 28,000 for a single arrest . That figure comes from doing the math , derived from the most recent Inspector General report on the use of drones for the Department of Homeland Security . The report found that operating nine drones in 2013 cost taxpayers $ 62.5 million . Those same nine drones are credited with apprehending just 2,272 suspects , or less than 2 % of the total arrests by Customs and Border Protection in the area the drones operate . Email your story ideas and tips to CNNtips@cnn.com . In its first eight years of operations , the CBT drone program has cost $ 360 million . The drones are exactly like the ones used by the military in operations across Pakistan , Afghanistan , Yemen and other battle zone countries , except there are no missiles on board . But the sophisticated equipment is also temperamental . The drones are sensitive to weather . They 're also grounded about 80 % of the time because of budget issues , according to the Inspector General . The report also says the drones only patrol 170 miles of the 1,993 mile border . Drone carrying drugs crashes south of U.S. border Maj. Gen. Randolph Alles , assistant commissioner of Customs and Border Protection , runs the program , and hey says while the program needs improvements , it 's a mistake to only view the drones ' success in terms of arrests . He says the drones give them a big picture of the border , what he calls "  domain awareness . " "  We could never see the border in the same way we could before we got these ... " adding the information received by the drones is invaluable to agents on the ground . Alles also says in 2013 , the arrests by drone brought in $ 66,000 per hour of contraband seizures . Inspector General John Roth says while the drones do contribute to overall border security , Customs has n't "  put any measurements in place as to whether it 's effective ; the measurements we saw show that in fact it 's not effective . " Alles says he does n't want any more drones until he can prove the program works at every level . Then , perhaps , he will be comfortable with acquiring more of them . But there are longterm plans circulating from Republican and Democratic supporters of the drones to buy more and have them constantly in the air .	Border Patrol uses drones to scan desert for illegal immigrants Report says drones only patrol 170 miles of the 1,993 mile border Critics say the return on investment is n't worth it
Baghdad  CNN  -- At least 51 people have been killed and more than 160 others were wounded in a wave of violence in Iraq on Monday , Iraqi Interior Ministry sources told CNN . The attacks continue the increase in political and sectarian violence in Iraq , including its capital , Baghdad , over the past several weeks . Are dark days returning to Iraq ? Much of the violence included Sunnis squaring off with Shiites and the Shiite-led government . Most of the casualties Monday were in and around Baghdad , where 11 car bombs exploded , mostly in Shiite neighborhoods , Also , one bomb exploded in the central Baghdad commercial area of Bab al-Sharqi , near street vendors . Another exploded in the New Baghdad district in eastern Baghdad , close to shops and a Sunni mosque . There were several incidents in Anbar and Nineveh provinces , but officials did not give further details . Iraq at crossroads as bombs explode According to a CNN tally , more than 300 people have been killed in acts of violence across the country since the beginning of May . Over the past week , Iraqi security forces increased their presence in the capital 's streets and established more checkpoints .	NEW : More than 160 are hurt in Iraq A commercial area and a district with a Sunni mosque was also hit More than 300 people have been killed in Iraq this month
Orlando , Florida  CNN  -- A federal judge has temporarily blocked a controversial Florida law requiring all welfare applicants to be drug-tested . U.S. District Court Judge Mary Scriven issued a temporary injunction Monday evening against enforcement of the law 's "  suspicionless drug testing " of adults seeking federal welfare . The law went into effect July 1 , but a single father and the American Civil Liberties Union contend in a lawsuit that the new law is unconstitutional and violates Fourth Amendment protection against unreasonable search and seizure . "  Perhaps no greater public interest exists than protecting a citizen 's rights under the Constitution , " the judge wrote , quoting a 1997 Hawaii case . Under the law , the Florida Department of Children and Family Services requires the drug tests of adults applying to the federal Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program . The aid recipients are responsible for the cost of the screening , which they recoup in their assistance if they qualify . Those who fail the required drug testing may designate another individual to receive the benefits on behalf of their children , but they do not receive a refund for cost of the test . Florida Gov. Rick Scott has championed the law , saying it provides "  personal accountability . " He added it was "  unfair for Florida taxpayers to subsidize drug addiction . " Florida is not the first state to pass such legislation . Michigan passed a similar law that was found to be unconstitutional by the 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in 2003 for violating the Fourth Amendment . The ACLU filed a class-action suit on behalf of an Orlando single father who opposed the drug test . Luis Lebron , an unemployed adult college student who cares for a 4-year-old son and disabled mother , was denied temporary cash assistance because he refused to be drug tested . The Navy veteran , an undergraduate at the University of Central Florida , contends the law violates his rights and adds he has never used illegal drugs . The judge , sitting in Orlando , agreed to halt the drug testing until the ACLU lawsuit is settled . But the judge denied the plaintiff 's request to make the matter a class-action case . "  I 'm delighted for our client and delighted to have confirmation that all of us remain protected from unreasonable , suspicionless government searches and seizures , " said Florida ACLU attorney Maria Kayanan in a written statement . The GOP-controlled legislature passed the bill , and Scott signed it into law in May 2011 . "  The governor obviously disagrees with the decision and he will evaluate his options regarding when to appeal , " said his deputy press secretary Jackie Schutz . Since campaigning for governor , Scott has said that the drug-testing of welfare recipients "  will help to prevent misuse of Florida tax dollars " and make sure the money goes to the children . "  Research shows higher drug use among individuals receiving government assistance , and drug abuse also forces children into welfare assistance , " Scott said while signing the bill into law . The ACLU said the state 's own study found that of the 2,000 people who took the state drug test , only a small percentage tested positive . "  It shows that a little bit more than 2 % of the welfare applicants tested positive for drugs where it 's about 8 1/2 % in the general public , " said Howard Simon , executive director of the ACLU of Florida . Lane Wright , the governor 's press secretary , said the study is flawed . "  It does n't take in the deterrent effect , " Wright said . Wright added there 's no way to factor how many people avoided taking the test fearing they would test positive for drugs . After being approved for temporary cash assistance , Luis Lebron was shocked by the mandatory drug test . He then contacted the ACLU . "  This is an unconstitutional invasion of privacy , that you ca n't condition getting some benefit from the government by surrendering your constitutional rights , " Simon said . Attorneys for the state say pre-employment drug testing is commonplace and that the Navy vet himself could have been subjected to random drug testing while in the military . The governor 's office said it is confident the judge ultimately will uphold the constitutionality of the law , contending it 's popular among the people of Florida . But Judge Scriven said in her ruling that based on the evidence , "  there is a substantial likelihood " that Florida 's law could be found unconstitutional . Added the ACLU 's Simon : "  We 're the only state in the country that has this  law  . " CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	A judge issues a temporary injunction against enforcement of Florida drug tests Welfare applicants are supposed to undergo mandatory drug tests to get benefits A single father and the ACLU say the new law is unconstitutional The Florida governor champions the law , saying it creates "  personal accountability "
CNN  -- Singer Chris Brown 's arrest on a domestic violence charge prompted Wrigley to suspend its Doublemint gum campaign that uses Brown as a spokesman . "  Wrigley is concerned by the serious allegations made against Chris Brown , " Wrigley spokeswoman Jennifer Luth said . Brown was arrested Sunday night in connection with an alleged domestic violence incident in Hollywood early Sunday morning , police said . He was released on a $ 50,000 bond and given a March 5 court date . A Doublemint commercial features Brown singing about the gum to the tune of his hit song "  Forever . " "  We believe Mr. Brown should be afforded the same due process as any citizen , " Luth said . "  However , we have made the decision to suspend the current advertising featuring Brown and any related marketing communications until the matter is resolved . "	Chris Brown has been featured in ad for Wrigley 's gum Brown was arrested Sunday in connection with an alleged domestic violence incident Wrigley 's spokesperson : We 've suspended Brown ads until "  matter is resolved "
CNN  FIFA president Sepp Blatter has told Iran to end its "  intolerable " ban on women attending football matches . Writing in the FIFA Weekly magazine published by world football 's governing body , Blatter described the situation as one that "  can not continue . " Iran 's ban was put in the spotlight at the Asian Cup in Australia earlier this year , when thousands of female Iranian fans watched their team without restriction . At the match against Iraq , activists unfurled a banner showing the face of Ghoncheh Ghavami , a British-Iranian woman jailed for trying to watch a volleyball match against Brazil in 2014 , and called for the ban to end . The measure was imposed following the 1979 Islamic Revolution because the idea of mixed crowds was deemed un-Islamic . Iran is in the running to host the 2019 edition of the Asian tournament , for which the United Arab Emirates is also bidding . But the ban is widely expected to scupper its chances of securing the event . Blatter wrote : "  I raised the topic at my meeting with the President of Iran , Hassan Rouhani , and came away with the impression that this intolerable situation could change over the medium term . "  However , nothing has happened . A collective stadium ban still applies to women in Iran , despite the existence of a thriving women 's football organization . "  This can not continue . Hence my appeal to the Iranian authorities -- open the nation 's football stadiums to women . " During last year 's football World Cup , CNN reported how fans in Iran gathered to watch games in venues that defied a ban on public screenings . At one coffee shop in the capital , Tehran , the tense game against Argentina -- a game Iran lost only to an injury-time Lionel Messi goal -- was watched by a large mixed crowd . "  100 percent it 's better this way , " said Negar Valayi . "  It does n't happen often . It would be great if we have more of this . " "  It 's actually much better to watch it with a bunch of people around because it makes you feel more excited , " said Roya Marzbahan . Hoardings advertising the World Cup throughout Tehran that summer had featured no pictures of women . And state TV broadcasts of matches employed a delay of several seconds in order for images of female fans deemed too racy to be censored . Blatter also hit out at football 's continental confederations for failing to elect any women onto governing body 's executive committee . The committee includes three women -- one of whom has voting rights and two of whom are co-opted -- but they are elected directly by the FIFA congress following a change to the statutes in 2011 . "  This was hard work because the members of FIFA 's executive committee are elected by the national associations ... and there was never , never a proposal for a woman to be finally in FIFA , " the 78-year-old said at an event in Switzerland . "  We had to take the decision , and I did it in 2011 at the end of the congress , -LSB- that -RSB- we must have at least one woman on the executive committee . " He described football as a "  macho " sport and warned : "  We should change in the future . "	FIFA president writes about issue in FIFA Weekly magazine He says he discussed it during talks with Iranian president Thousands of Iranian women watched games at Asian Cup in Australia Protests held at tournament called for ban to be ended
Seattle , Washington  CNN  -- An attorney for alleged "  Barefoot Bandit " Colton Harris-Moore on Thursday agreed with a request by federal prosecutors that the captured teen fugitive remain in prison -- for the time being -- and said his client does not want to be considered a role model . Harris-Moore gained notoriety for allegedly stealing planes without a pilot 's license and sometimes without shoes . His run from authorities ended on July 11 when he was captured in the Bahamas . Authorities there said he had flown 1,000 miles in a stolen plane from Indiana . On Wednesday , Harris-Moore was returned on a U.S. marshals flight for federal prisoners to Washington state where he faces a dozen state charges including burglaries , identity theft and fleeing from police in a stolen automobile . He also has been charged with the federal crime of piloting a stolen plane from Idaho to Washington state . If he is found guilty of the charge he could face 10 years in prison , according to the criminal complaint . At his initial appearance Thursday in U.S. District Court , dressed in a gray prison jumpsuit , the 6-foot-5-inch Harris-Moore was the tallest person standing as the courtroom rose for Magistrate Judge Brian Tsuchida . Harris-Moore 's attorney , John Henry Browne , waived his client 's right to a preliminary hearing and did not contest the prosecutor 's request that the 19-year-old stay behind bars . If a grand jury hands up an indictment in the case , Harris-Moore would next appear in court for his arraignment in which he would enter a plea . His attorney said he may ask the judge for bail . Browne said he did n't ask for his client to be freed since multiple jurisdictions also suspect him of crimes , which would "  start a traveling road show . " Following the hearing , Browne told reporters that his client was no role model , despite Facebook sites dedicated to him with thousands of fans . "  He was scared , " Browne said Harris-Moore told him of what authorities say was two years ducking investigators and police . "  It was not fun . " "  He 's very bright , " Brown said , describing his client . "  But probably not very mature . " U.S. Attorney Jenny Durkan said in a press conference following the hearing that investigators continue to look into Harris-Moore 's alleged activities and he could face additional federal charges . She also said that anyone who helped him flee from authorities could face charges and that the following Harris-Moore generated was misplaced . "  There is nothing in the acts that should be admired or glorified , " Durkan said . However the case has spurred talk of book and movie deals and discussion of who would play Harris-Moore on screen . Harris-Moore 's mother , Pamela Kohler , hired an entertainment attorney to field requests for her story . But she was absent in court Thursday despite the fact she reportedly has not seen her son in over two years . "  She really wanted to be here , " said her attorney , O. Yale Lewis . "  But there was a mix-up with her ride . "	A lawyer for the alleged "  Barefoot Bandit " says his client does not want to be a role model Colton Harris-Moore makes his first Washington appearance in federal court His lawyer agrees that the teen should remain behind bars for the time being
CNN  -- A most awkward and revealing situation has emerged in the heart of Europe , forcing European governments to choose between their principles and their fears , and drawing an uncomfortable gap between Europe 's words and its actions . Last July , a bus carrying tourists about to start their vacation suddenly exploded outside the airport in the Bulgarian city of Burgas . The bombing killed five Israelis -- including a pregnant woman -- and a Bulgarian driver . This week , Bulgaria 's foreign minister blamed Hezbollah , saying an investigation showed the attack was carried out by two members of the Iran-linked Lebanese organization . Hezbollah denied the accusation . But Bulgaria says it discovered strong links , with "  data showing the financing and connection between Hezbollah and the two suspects . " The news shines a light on a most surprising fact : Hezbollah has been conducting business rather comfortably in much of Europe over the years , openly raising money for its operations . Those operations , according to countless investigations in a growing number of countries , include plotting and attempting to kill tourists , diplomats and others . Washington , which labeled Hezbollah a terrorist organization in 1995 after a series of attacks in Lebanon and elsewhere that killed hundreds of Americans , has been pressuring the European Union to do the same . But the EU has resisted . The "  terrorist " designation is more than a symbolic label . The label would allow European authorities to freeze funds , control the travel of Hezbollah operatives , and otherwise do what it can to prevent more loss of life . The new secretary of state , John Kerry , urged the EU to "  send an unequivocal message to this terrorist group " now that Hezbollah has been linked to an attack on European soil . American officials have told Europe that their inaction is "  making it harder to defend our countries . " U.S. officials accuse Iran and Hezbollah not only of conducting attacks against civilians around the world , but also of actively supporting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's brutal repression at home in a conflict that has already left more than 60,000 dead . Opinion : Why Obama is going to Israel According to a new report from the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , authorities in various countries have uncovered and disrupted nearly 30 different terror plots by Hezbollah or Iran 's Quds Force , an arm of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps , in the last couple of years . But Europe , incredibly , continues to waver . EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton reacted to the news from Bulgaria with a clammy statement that there is a "  need for reflection . " Hezbollah operates in Lebanon as a powerful Shiite political party , social services organization and an intimidating , heavily-armed militia . It has strong support among the country 's Shiite population and bitter opposition from Sunnis . EU officials say they fear destabilizing Lebanon , a country perennial teetering on the edge of sectarian violence . They also worry about angering Hezbollah , fearing attacks on European peacekeepers in Lebanon or terrorist attacks on European soil . Judging by recent events , that particular outcome was not prevented by their timid approach . France , in particular , has resisted upsetting Hezbollah . Paris has taken the lead in fighting extremism in Africa , sending troops against militants in Mali and declaring that it is committed to "  a relentless struggle against terrorist groups . " But it is somewhat less relentless when it comes to Hezbollah . The French take a special interest in protecting their influence in Lebanon , a former colonial holding . A firm Western stance against the group , however , could strengthen Lebanon 's struggling pro-Western opposition , which blames Hezbollah for the assassination of many of its members , including former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri . A U.N. tribunal set up to investigate Hariri 's 2005 assassination indicted four Hezbollah members . The pattern is well established . Argentinean prosecutors accused Hezbollah of carrying out and Iran of planning and financing the worst terrorist attack in that country , the 1994 bombing of a Jewish Community Center , which killed 85 and injured 300 . Western experts generally agree with the assessment of the former U.S. homeland security secretary , who describes Hezbollah as "  the most potent terrorist organization in the world . " The government of the Netherlands already declared it a terrorist group and Britain named its militant wing a terrorist entity , as if it were separate from the rest of the organization . It is funded by Iran and closely coordinates its moves with Tehran . Over the years , it has been accused of carrying out attacks throughout the world , often in collaboration with Iran . In recent months , as tensions have risen between Iran , on one side , and Israel and the West on the other , Tehran and its Lebanese ally have stepped up their activities to a feverish pace , targeting Israelis diplomats and tourists in India , Cyprus , Thailand and elsewhere . Hezbollah and Iran were linked to a plot to kill the Saudi Ambassador in Washington . Hezbollah 's protective ally , Iran , is enduring harsh economic sanctions from the West over its controversial nuclear program , and a number of Iranian nuclear scientists have been assassinated , as have a few key figures in the Hezbollah hierarchy . The circumstances of these assassinations have all been murky , but there is nothing vague about the bombing of buses full of tourists . By any definition of the word it qualifies as terrorism . And clearly , the question is not just symbolic . Europe is letting Hezbollah operate on its soil . By some counts , there are 950 Hezbollah-affiliated individuals in Germany alone . Europe wants to treat Hezbollah as a legitimate political organization , but the group 's actions place it squarely outside the realm of legitimacy . As long as Europe closes its eyes to this reality and allows the group to organize , fundraise and hold meetings , it is guilty not only of hypocrisy , but also of passive complicity in Hezbollah 's attacks on innocent civilians . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis	Frida Ghitis : Bulgaria blamed Hezbollah in bus attack , yet EU still wo n't call group terrorists She says doing so would let EU freeze group 's funds , control its travel , averting attacks But EU fears angering group , destabilizing Lebanon ; let 's Hezbollah raise funds in Europe Ghitis : In letting group claim legitimacy , EU passively abetting a terrorist organization
World No. 1 Victoria Azarenka plans to take a break from tennis following her shock fourth-round defeat at the French Open on Sunday . The 22-year-old , who lost 6-2 7-6  7-4  to 15th seed Dominika Cibulkova , said she was jaded after the opening months of the season in which she won her first grand slam at the Australian Open and went on a 26-match winning streak . However , the Belorussian lost in finals in Stuttgart and Madrid before pulling out ahead of a second-round clash against the diminutive Cibulkova in Rome last month due to a shoulder injury . She will lose the top ranking if Rome champion Maria Sharapova can reach the final in Paris for the first time in her career . "  There has been a lot of tennis for me in the last five months , " she said . "  I have n't been home in a while , and it 's something that I need just to get rested mentally , definitely , and just to get out of the tennis field a little bit . "  And once I have my passion and desire back on the court , I 'll be on the grass . " Paris goes to Beijing ? The Li Na effect Azarenka had previously lost to the Slovakian just once in eight meetings , but five of those had gone to three sets and two were remarkable comeback victories . She had to come from a set and 4-0 down in her opening match in Paris last Monday , but could not pull off an escape this time as she smashed two rackets in frustration . "  Today I could n't do it . It was just not going for me . I tried everything . All I could hope for was her mistakes , " Azarenka said . "  I think she plays much better against the top players than maybe a little bit lower-ranked players . She really has that desire . I do n't know what motivates her to play that way . " Cibulkova reached the French Open semifinals in 2009 , but said she was nervous she would again blow her advantage against Azarenka -- who stands nine inches taller at six foot . "  You ca n't be human if you were n't thinking about that , " she said . "  Because this year in Miami I was 6-1 5-2 up against her . And last year in Miami it was the same . "  Today it happened the same when I was 4-2 up . And that 's why I got a little bit ... not nervous , but not going for my shots anymore . "  But today it was a great thing that I managed to go through these emotions . She was 6-5 up , and I said , ` Hey , come on , you have to play your game again and just make it . ' " The 23-year-old will next face U.S. Open champion Sam Stosur of Australia , who beat 79th-ranked American teenager Sloane Stephens . Sixth seed Stosur , the French Open runner-up in 2010 , ended the 19-year-old 's dream run as she won 7-5 6-4 in 85 minutes . Stephens lost in the first round last year and has not won a match in three attempts at her home grand slam . Italy 's Sara Errani earlier reached the quarterfinals after beating 2009 French Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova . The 21st seed , who also made the last eight in Melbourne in January and has won three clay titles this season , won 6-0 7-5 to set up a clash with Angelique Kerber . The German 10th seed , who lost to Stosur in the New York semifinals in September in her best grand slam achievement , ended the hopes of 21-year-old Croatian Petra Martic as she won 6-3 7-5 on Court Suzanne Lenglen .	Top-ranked Victoria Azarenka beaten in last-16 clash by Slovakia 's Dominika Cibulkova World No. 1 loses to the 15th seed for only the second time in nine encounters Cibulkova , a semifinalist in 2009 , will next face U.S. Open champion Sam Stosur German 10th seed Angelique Kerber also in last eight along with Italy 's Sara Errani
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana  CNN  -- FEMA gave away about $ 85 million in household goods meant for Hurricane Katrina victims , a CNN investigation has found . These items , stored by FEMA , were meant for Katrina victims but were given to state and federal agencies . The material , from basic kitchen goods to sleeping necessities , sat in warehouses for two years before the Federal Emergency Management Agency 's giveaway to federal and state agencies this year . James McIntyre , FEMA 's acting press secretary , said that FEMA was spending more than $ 1 million a year to store the material and that another agency wanted the warehouses torn down , so "  we needed to vacate them . " "  Upon review of our assets and our need to continue to store them , we determined that they were excess to FEMA 's needs ; therefore , they are being excessed from FEMA 's inventory , " McIntyre wrote in an e-mail . He declined a request for an on-camera interview , telling CNN the giveaway was "  not news . " Photos from one of the facilities in Fort Worth , Texas , show pallet after pallet of cots , cleansers , first-aid kits , coffee makers , camp stoves and other items stacked to the ceiling . Watch dismay over "  out of touch " FEMA " FEMA said some of the items were donations from companies after Katrina , but most were purchased in the field as "  starter kits " for people living in trailers provided by the agency . And even though the stocks were offered to state agencies after FEMA decided to get rid of them , one of the states that passed was Louisiana . Martha Kegel , the head of a New Orleans nonprofit agency that helps find homes for those still displaced by the storm , said she was shocked to learn about the existence of the goods and the government giveaway . "  These are exactly the items that we are desperately seeking donations of right now : basic kitchen household supplies , " said Kegel , executive director of Unity of Greater New Orleans . "  These are the very things that we are seeking right now . FEMA , in fact , refers homeless clients to us to house them . How can we house them if we do n't have basic supplies ? " Watch the great FEMA giveaway " Kegel 's group works with FEMA and other local organizations to rehouse victims of Katrina , the 2005 hurricane that flooded New Orleans and killed more than 1,800 people along the Gulf Coast . Community groups say thousands of people are still living in abandoned buildings in the city , though fewer than 100 people remain housed in tents . Kegel said FEMA was told in regular meetings that Unity was desperate for household supplies and that the group has been forced to beg for donations . But she said FEMA never told Unity and other community groups that it had tens of millions of dollars worth of brand-new items meant for storm victims . She said she learned of it from CNN , which found that those items never made it to people such as Debra Reed . "  An honest person like me did n't get nothing , " said Reed , 54 , who recently moved from a tent beneath a New Orleans bridge to a home with the help of Kegel 's group . "  I 'm gon na turn , 'cause I 'm gon na cry . I did n't get nothing . I fought to get my money , but they would n't give it to me . So I ended up going under the bridge . " FEMA confirmed that it had kept the merchandise in storage for the past two years and then gave it away to cities , schools , fire departments and nonprofit agencies such as food banks . In all , General Services Administration records show , FEMA gave away 121 truckloads of material . McIntyre said that most of the items given away were not "  standard-issue type supplies " that FEMA would have distributed after other disasters . He said that using the GSA , which manages federal property , to get rid of those stockpiles was "  standard process . " Asked whether FEMA believed that Katrina victims no longer needed the items , McIntyre wrote : "  If the state did not request the supplies , then FEMA would not know . " Watch Kegel describe "  the needs are just overwhelming " " Pallets at the Fort Worth warehouse were piled high with boxes of buckets , boots , cleansers , mops and brooms . There were stacks of tents , lanterns and camp stoves for people still displaced , as well as clothing , bedding , plates and utensils . Meanwhile , Kegel said , Unity 's clients can take only "  one fork , one spoon , one knife ; they can only take one plate . We do n't have enough to go around . " But FEMA said the items were no longer needed in the stricken region . So it declared them "  federal surplus " and gave them away . Federal agencies such as the Bureau of Prisons , Postal Service and Border Patrol got first dibs on the material when FEMA started giving it away . Other agencies that received items include the National Guard , U.S. Marshals Service , the Air Force and Navy and the departments of Agriculture , Veterans Affairs and Homeland Security , according to a list the GSA provided to CNN . These items also were offered to all states -- yet Louisiana , where most of the people displaced by the storm live , passed on taking any of them . John Medica , director of the Louisiana Federal Property Assistance Agency in Baton Rouge , said he was unaware that Katrina victims still had a need for the household supplies . "  We did n't have anybody out there who told us they wanted it , " Medica said . Instead , 16 other states took the free items . "  Louisiana Recovery Authority Director Paul Rainwater is taking the lead on determing where this serious breakdown in communication occured and ... is working to pursue options for the state to still make use of these important supplies , " said Michael DiResto of the Division of Administration . DiResto said Rainwater has already taken up the issue with a FEMA official . Kegel said she could not understand how Medica could not be aware of the need in the New Orleans area . She said she had not heard of the agency and was not registered with them , but after CNN 's interview , the agency contacted her about registering Unity of Greater New Orleans so it could qualify for available supplies in the future .	Bureau of Prisons , Postal Service and other agencies get free Katrina goods FEMA spokesman : Giveaway is "  not news " ; agency unaware people still need goods Head of New Orleans nonprofit says , "  These are the very things that we are seeking "
EW.com  -- A "  Mad Men " actor is going to ABC 's "  Pan Am " -- he does n't even need to change decades ! Darren Pettie has had a recurring role on the AMC drama as the son of a cigarette mogul who was secretly gay  and recently had an arc on The CW 's "  Ringer "  . Now Pettie has signed up for a recurring part on "  Pan Am " playing an airline captain who 's considered the "  ultimate sky god . " He 's a heroic former WWII pilot named Vince Broyles , a charmer with a dark side . Due to his acclaimed military service , he 's allowed to commandeer "  Pan Am " aircraft for his personal use . Expect Pettie to struggle for Alpha Male status with Capt. Dean Lowrey  Mike Vogel  later this season . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Darren Pettie played the son of a cigarette mogul who was secretly gay on "  Mad Men " In "  Pan Am " he will play a heroic former WWII pilot named Vince Broyles Expect Pettie to struggle for Alpha Male status with Capt. Dean Lowrey
San Angelo , Texas  CNN  -- The Texas jury that found polygamist sect leader Warren Jeffs guilty Thursday of sexual assault will deliberate again to determine his punishment . Jeffs , who represented himself after firing his defense team , remained stoic as the verdict was read . Jurors will decide his fate after hearing additional witness testimony in the penalty phase of the trial , which began Thursday evening and will continue Friday . The sect leader faces a maximum sentence of life in prison for his conviction of sexually assaulting a 12-year-old and a 15-year-old who were his "  spiritual wives . " The jury convicted him of two counts of sexual assault on a child -- charges that stemmed from a 2008 raid on a ranch his church operates near Eldorado , Texas . Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott hailed the verdict and said prosecutors were seeking a life sentence for Jeffs . "  Here in the state of Texas , juries render tough , swift justice against anyone who would sexually assault a child , " he said . Before the verdict , witnesses showed jurors DNA evidence they said showed Jeffs conceived a baby with a 15-year-old child . And prosecutors presented an audio recording that they alleged documents Jeffs ' sexual assault of a 12-year-old girl in the presence of three other "  wives . " Abbott said attorneys were presenting new , "  repulsive " evidence about the sect leader during the trial 's penalty phase . "  I think it will confirm in  jurors '  minds why they convicted the man and why they want to put him behind bars for a long time , " he said . Court adjourned about two hours after jurors reached a verdict Thursday . The trial was scheduled to continue at 10 a.m. Friday  11 a.m. ET  . Jurors deliberated for three hours and 45 minutes , starting Thursday afternoon . They sent out two notes during deliberations , requesting a CD player to listen to audio recordings and asking for the transcript of testimony from a witness . Jeffs stood silently for most of his 30-minute closing argument Thursday -- the latest dramatic twist in a trial that included frequent objections and sermonlike speeches about religious freedom . Jeffs stared at the table in front of him for most of his allotted block of time during closing arguments , as Judge Barbara Walther counted down . He looked up at the jury when he reached the 20-minute mark , staring at each member . The jurors stared back . Five minutes later , Jeffs mumbled , "  I am at peace . " The leader of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints spoke so quietly that people in the courtroom strained to hear him . Prosecutor Eric Nichols warned jurors not to be swayed by Jeffs ' frequent invocations of religious freedom as a defense . The case , he said , has nothing to do with an attack on religion . Instead , it is about Jeffs and his actions , Nichols argued . He showed pictures of Jeffs ' alleged victims as he summed up his argument . Jeffs began the hearing on Thursday -- the fifth day of his trial -- by asking for what he called constitutional protection because he represents a religious organization . The judge immediately denied his request . The sect leader then questioned witness J.D. Roundy , a sect member who also had taken the stand for four hours the day before . He did not call additional witnesses to the stand . On Wednesday , Texas prosecutors rested their case after playing a key piece of evidence for jurors : a 20-minute audio tape that began and ended with a man saying prayer . Prosecutors alleged that the recording documents Jeffs ' sexual assault of a then-12-year-old girl in the presence of three other "  wives . " The girl had grown up in Jeffs ' Yearning for Zion ranch , clearing cactus and attending a Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints school where Jeffs was principal , authorities said . Prosecutors showed the jury a photo of her with her arms around Jeffs , and a marriage certificate which listed the girl 's age as 12 at the time . On Tuesday , the jury heard audio recordings that prosecutors said showed Jeffs instructing a 14-year-old and his other young "  wives " on how to sexually please him in order to win God 's favor . Prosecutors said the 14-year-old was Jeffs ' "  spiritual wife " and conceived a child with Jeffs when she was 15 . Jeffs ' trial started last week . He made no plea during his arraignment and remained silent for more than a day of the trial proceedings . But on Friday , he began repeatedly objecting -- at one point delivering an hourlong speech about his religious freedom "  being trampled upon . " Jeffs could be sentenced to five years to life in prison on the charge of aggravated sexual assault regarding the alleged 12-year-old . For the other count , he would face a sentence of two to 20 years . Jeffs ' breakaway sect is believed to have about 10,000 followers . Their practice of polygamy , which the mainstream Mormon Church renounced more than a century ago , is part of the sect 's doctrine . The Texas legal proceedings began after about 400 children were taken from the sect 's Yearning for Zion ranch in 2008 . Jeffs was also charged with bigamy after the raid and is expected to be tried on that charge later . Child protection officials said they found a "  pervasive pattern " of sexual abuse on the ranch through forced marriages between underage girls and older men . But the Texas Supreme Court ruled the state had no right to remove the children . The court also said the state lacked evidence to show that the children faced imminent danger of abuse . Most of the children were returned to their families , although some men at the ranch were charged with sexual abuse . Jeffs was on the FBI 's 10 Most Wanted list when he was arrested five years ago during a routine 2006 traffic stop in Las Vegas . He was convicted in Utah on two counts of being an accomplice to rape for using his religious influence over his followers to coerce a 14-year-old girl into marrying her 19-year-old cousin . Afterward , he was sentenced to two consecutive prison terms of five years to life . But in July 2010 , the Utah Supreme Court overturned his convictions , ruling that the jury instructions were erroneous . Utah Attorney General Mark Shurtleff said last week Utah is prepared to retry Jeffs , depending on the outcome of the Texas case . In Session 's Christi Paul , Jim Kyle , Grace Wong and Keith Lovely Jr. contributed to this report .	NEW : The penalty phase of the trial will continue Friday The Texas attorney general says prosecutors are seeking a life sentence "  I am at peace , " Warren Jeffs mumbles during closing arguments Prosecutors : recording played for jurors documents sexual assault of a child
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- The world knows her as the daring nanny who , clutching a 2-year-old boy , pushed past the havoc in a terrorized Mumbai and risked her life to keep the toddler safe . Sandra Samuel bravely saved the life of Moshe Holtzberg , 2 , but says she sees no heroism in her actions . But Sandra Samuel sees no heroism in her actions amid last week 's terror attacks on India 's financial capital that killed nearly 180 people -- including baby Moshe 's parents , Rabbi Gavriel Holtzberg and his wife , Rivka . She only wishes she could have done more . "  Even today , I am thinking I should have sent the baby and done something for the rabbi and his wife , " Samuel told CNN in an exclusive television interview in Israel , where she now lives . Samuel and Moshe were among the few to make it out of the Chabad House alive after gunmen stormed the Jewish center , killing the Holtzbergs and four others . Israel 's Chabad movement has set up a fund to provide for Moshe 's care . He is being looked after by members of the community , although who will serve as his guardian has not yet been established . The nanny says she came face to face with a gunman late Wednesday , the first night of the siege . "  I saw one man was shooting at me -- he shot at me . " Watch CNN 's Paula Hancocks talk with Samuel " She slammed a door and hid in a first-floor storage room and attempted to reach the rabbi and the others on the second floor . Overnight , Samuel frantically tried to call for help as gunfire and grenade blasts shook the Chabad House . Samuel says she emerged early the next afternoon , when she heard Moshe calling for her . She found the child crying as he stood between his parents , who she says appeared unconscious but still alive . Based on the marks on Moshe 's back , she believes he was struck so hard by a gunman that he fell unconscious at some point as well . "  First thing is that a baby is very important for me and this baby is something very precious to me and that 's what made me just not think anything -- just pick up the baby and run , " Samuel said . "  When I hear gunshot , it 's not one or 20 . It 's like a hundred gunshots , " she added . "  Even I 'm a mother of two children so I just pick up the baby and run . Does anyone think of dying at the moment when there 's a small , precious baby ? " Watch Samuel describe the escape " Outside , chaos flooded the streets as people tried to make sense of the massacre that killed at least 179 people and wounded 300 others . Ultimately , she and Moshe reached safety at the home of an Israeli consul before arriving in Israel , where she is considered a hero . In the aftermath of the attacks , Moshe asked for his mother continuously , Samuel says , and he is learning to play again -- though he likes the nanny close by . And while she still has nightmares of the horrific siege that took hold of Mumbai , Samuel , a non-Jew and native of India , said she will stay in Israel for as long as Moshe needs her . Watch as Samuel describes boy asking for his mother " "  Yes , yes , they said it is important I am here , " she said . "  Me , I just take care of the baby . "	Sandra Samuel , who saved toddler 's life , sees no heroism in her actions Why she faced gunfire : "  This baby is something very precious to me " Samuel : "  When I hear gunshot , it 's not one or 20 . It 's like a hundred gunshots " For now , she will stay in Israel helping take care of orphan toddler that she saved
CNN  -- The future in video games is usually depicted in one of two ways . There is the techno version of the future , filled with personal electronic implants , space travel and laser weapons . Or there is the apocalyptic version , where a world has been bombed back into the Stone Age -- and somehow still has laser weapons . "  Call of Duty : Black Ops II , " the first-person shooter game that hit stores Tuesday , transports players into two separate time periods : the 1980s and the not-so-distant future of 2025 . The relatively narrow time lapse was necessary to build a story around a new villain , Raul Menendez , a terrorist bent on revenge against a world he feels has wronged him . The battles in the 1980s will use traditional weaponry expected for the time . However , Treyarch Studio Head Mark Lamia said the bigger challenge for the game 's developers was creating futuristic tech for 2025 that would be both recognizable and unpredictable . "  Once you go beyond 10 years out , I think there is quite a bit of discussion about what does this mean , where do energy weapons come into play , where does  artificial intelligence  and advanced robotics go ? " Lamia said . The game is a sequel to 2010 's "  Call of Duty : Black Ops , " which sold more than 13.7 million units in the U.S. alone to become one of the best-selling console games of all time . For the new game , creators tapped author Peter Singer to help them imagine and design a world not too unlike the present day , but with a feel of advancement . Singer is a senior fellow in foreign policy at the Brookings Institution whose book , "  Wired for War : The Robotics Revolution and Conflict in the 21st Century , " projected a vision of the future of war that developers were seeking . Singer told CNN he tried to identify key trends happening right now to help writers build a narrative for the new "  Call of Duty " game . "  We focused on everything from technical trends , the emergence of robotics , some of the greater attention to warfare , and then also political trends , " Singer said . "  The potential emergence of a proto-Cold War between the -LSB- United States -RSB- and China . " The two superpowers are competing over a valuable new resource -- the rare earth elements used in the construction of nearly all smartphones , tablets and other electronic gadgets . Singer suggested this dwindling supply of rare earth elements could be a feasible backdrop for a new Cold War . "  I was not aware of the significance of them and we all educated ourselves and became quasi-experts , " Lamia said . "  Singer  was more than our military consultant . He became our political consultant for the future . " Review : ` Halo 4 ' is franchise 's best yet Singer said the world is no longer just driven by the motives of countries but the actions of non-state actors , such as terrorists or criminals . In creating a future for the new game , developers chose not the most likely scenario but one that is more entertaining for gaming purposes . "  You 're not just trying to identify what 's likely and important , but also frankly , what 's cool , " he said . "  What gives you the most ground to cover ...  is it  going to be cool for the gamers to play with ? " As development was progressing , some of Singer 's projections for the future began appearing in the news . The game 's creators were excited but a little unnerved to be building the future before it happened . Referencing Arthur C. Clarke 's Third Law -- "  any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic " -- Singer said the 2025 setting allows a familiarity with future technology that makes it seem more real . He tried to put his ideas into three different categories for developers . "  First ,  it 's here and it 's being deployed in small numbers but you may not have heard about it , " Singer said . "  Secondly , it 's here but it 's in prototype stage . It 's in the stage where it is working somewhere , a lab , and we should expect to see it on the battlefield in the next coming years . " Singer 's third category includes tech that 's still at the research stage and has n't emerged into a viable , working form . This is where Lamia and his team focused much of their effort . "  We did n't want it to feel too sci-fi . That was a term we used a lot , " Lamia said . "  We wanted it to feel grounded . It was also important on how it fit into the game . " Lamia expected and planned for future tech to be smaller and more powerful , but Singer pushed them into going farther with their thinking . Lamia also told him the designs had to work within the game 's narrative . "  It is n't that we did n't want to take a leap of faith in mankind . You look at military technology and some things advance , but you see things that hang around for a while , " he said . "  For example , there are a fair bit of weapons  in the game  that exist right now and that 's because we actually think they 'll be around  in 13 years  . " Designers also came up with new some equipment that 's never been seen before . "  You 'll know it when you see it , " Lamia said about what felt futuristic enough without being too much like science fiction . "  Sometimes , it was just art direction . It 's just a gut call , but we have to create our universe . " Lamia hopes gamers will be impressed with their vision of the future . "  I think when people start to play with the drones , they feel pretty badass , " Lamia said . "  There 's a sequence where we have a jet wing  jet pack  insertion that people are going to crap themselves over . Pretty cool . Pretty epic . " Today 's cutting-edge weaponry inspired what appears in the game 's futuristic battles . But the influences also went the other way , too . An early trailer for "  Call of Duty : Black Ops II " showed a piece of future military hardware that is n't on the current battlefield . A military contractor asked why it was n't being built and is now showing a prototype at trade shows , Singer said . "  I say it half in jest , but this is one of the ways I will have a great deal of influence in shaping that future , " he said . "  The world of science fiction continually inspires the real world in everything . " "  Call of Duty : Black Ops II " is available for the PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 and PC . It is scheduled for release on the Wii U on November 18 in North America and November 30 for Europe and Australia .	"  Call of Duty : Black Ops II " hit stores Tuesday The game transports players to the 1980s and the not-so-distant future of 2025 Creators tapped Peter Singer to help them imagine and design a near-future world 2010 's "  Call of Duty : Black Ops " sold more than 13.7 million units in the U.S.
Khartoum , Sudan  CNN  -- A mutiny led by members of the Sudanese Armed Forces ' Joint Integrated Units along the north/south border in Sudan has left up to 50 dead , officials said Monday . Fighting broke on Thursday in the city of Malakal near the airport when south Sudanese soldiers loyal to Gabriel Tang , a southern Sudanese militia leader who fought in a 22-year-old civil war alongside the Khartoum government , refused to turn in their weapons . An agreement to end the war , which pitted the Arab-Muslim-dominated government of north Sudan against the predominantly Christian and animist south , was signed in 2005 . The Joint Integrated Units are a coordinated military force consisting of the northern Sudanese Armed Forces and the southern Sudanese Peoples Liberation Army . Tang 's forces had been merged into the units along with SAF . "  The redeployment of Joint Integrated Units was scheduled to take place starting February 1 in accordance with the Comprehensive Peace Agreement , " said Maj. Gen. Ahmad al-No , spokesperson for the Joint Defense Council , which oversees security and military arrangements between northern and southern Sudan . "  Tang fled SAF nearly a month ago and is somewhere around Malakal , " al-No said . Southern Sudanese voted last month in a referendum on whether to remain part of a united Sudan or go independent , with final results to be announced on Monday . Preliminary results show an overwhelming vote in favor of independence . Official independence would be declared in July this year . During the civil war , a number of southern militias loyal to Khartoum fought against the Sudanese Peoples Liberation Movement/Army  SPLM/A  , the rebel group that fought Khartoum and currently governs the south . Noting that it appears Tang is now in opposition to both Sudan 's military and the southern separatists , al-No told CNN , "  I am concerned that he may have and affect on the security in the region . "	Fighting broke out Thursday in Malakal , near the border dividing northern , southern Sudan Soldiers loyal to militia leader Gabriel Tang refused to turn in their weapons Tang had fought alongside government and loyalist forces in southern Sudan Southern Sudanese voted last month on a referendum for independence
New York  CNN  -- A New York college professor was beheaded and her body dumped outside an apartment building by her son , who later killed himself by stepping in front of a commuter train , police said . The woman has been tentatively identified as Patricia Ward , a 66-year-old assistant professor at Farmingdale State College on Long Island , Detective Lt. John Azzata of the Nassau County Police told reporters Wednesday . She was decapitated shortly before 8 p.m. Tuesday by Derek Ward , 35 , with a kitchen knife in the second-floor apartment they shared , Azzata said . Patricia Ward had multiple stab wounds and broken ribs , police said . The son either carried or dragged his mother 's body down the stairs , through the lobby and left it on the street , Azzata said . Her head was found about five feet from the body , leaving some neighbors to think the gruesome scene was a Halloween stunt . "  I literally thought it was a prank , " one resident said , according to CNN affiliate WCBS . "  We saw the body on one side and saw the head on the other side . I thought everything was a prank . " Less than a half hour after his mother 's body was found , Derek Ward apparently jumped in front of a Long Island Rail Road train heading east from Penn Station in Manhattan , police said . "  It appears that this is a murder-suicide , " Azzata said . Patricia Ward was an assistant professor of language arts at the college 's Long Island Educational Opportunity Center , which helps high school students prepare for college . "  Patricia Ward was a member of the campus for 28 years , " Patrick Calabria , the college vice president for institutional advancement and enrollment , said in a statement . "  She was well-known , well-liked and well-respected . The campus is a very sad place today . " Derek Ward , who was unemployed , had a history of psychiatric problems dating back 10 years , his condition exacerbated in the last years after the death of his maternal grandfather , according to Azzata . Police said there were no reported domestic incidents at the Ward home . Derek Ward had a 2003 arrest for criminal mischief and received a fine and probation , Azzata said . In 2006 , Derek Ward was arrested for criminal possession of a 9mm Smith & Wesson handgun as well as a drug charge , Azzata said . He received a 45-day sentence and three years ' probation . "  It 's insane , " a Farmingdale resident said of the murder-suicide , according to WCBS . "  You never think something like that 's going to happen right outside your doorstep . " The motive is under investigation . "  We did not know anything about her family life , " Calabria told CNN . "  We are all in shock . " Prosecutor to seek death penalty in Oklahoma beheading	Nassau County police investigate a murder-suicide in suburban New York Patricia Ward , 66 , was found beheaded outside her apartment , police say Her son , Derek Ward , 35 , later died in an apparent suicide , stepping in front of a train
Copenhagen , Denmark  CNN  -- Can you do business well by doing good ? "  Yes , " says Christian Stadil , owner of Denmark based Thornico Group -- a group of more than 100 companies spanning food , technology , shipping , sports fashion , real estate and financing -- and author of the Danish book "  Company Karma . " "  I usually say Company Karma is CSR 3.0 on steroids , " he says . "  We have to think in a way that unites long-term business strategy with a concern for the world we are living in . Every action we take has a consequence . " Although businesses have talked of Corporate Social Responsibility  CSR  for years , some are taking it a new level , which they are calling CSR 3.0 . It goes beyond the often basic image-building of traditional CSR and aims to create real , sustainable value for everyone , while holding the business accountable . Stadil is among a small group of corporate pioneers , molding his business to make a difference -- while still making a profit . And , according to a number of leaders and management experts , Company Karma -- or Corporate Social Responsibility 3.0 -- is the way of the future . "  Companies are no longer making as much money as they possibly can at any means , " says Kellie McElhaney , founding director of the Center for Responsible Business at Haas School of Business , University of California , Berkeley . "  It is now squarely about how companies make their money and how is it contributing to sustainability . " Stadil 's companies are grounded in what he calls the "  four-time win " -- a goal to create value not just for the company , employees , partners and customers -- but also for the world . The change involves everything from running "  CSR Karma " and charity projects around the world , to making offices more sustainable and energy efficient , and working with governments to create change . As an example , Stadil and the city of Rotterdam are completing Europe 's largest "  green wall " of climbing plants in a car park in Rotterdam in an effort to improve the local environment . Ultimately , he says the change must run all the way through the value chain ; from production to processing , from suppliers to employee fulfillment in the workplace , and so on . "  It 's a difficult change but we are making our way , " he says . See also : How to inspire others An innovator and leading thinker in business management , Stadil and his team are famous for turning faltering sports label Hummel into a global brand worn by stars like Jennifer Lopez , Jon Bon Jovi , Pink and Paris Hilton . Hummel 's "  Change the World through Sports " project has sponsored football teams and matches in Sierra Leone between former child soldiers , and between women in Kabul . "  In Afghanistan , girls could be killed for playing soccer , " Stadil says , "  Imagine girls playing soccer in a stadium where the Taliban used to execute people . " Making a difference is more than worthwhile , he says , but it should also pay off . "  I refuse to acknowledge making money as the only thing of value , but just like a body needs blood to function , a company needs money to function , " says Stadil . "  The question is , what does it do with the money ? We expand , but we also give back . Companies need to gain value from making a difference , whether that is economically , socially , innovatively or from positive marketing . " McElhaney , who is also author of the book "  Just Good Business , " agrees . "  Sustainability should be treated as a business strategy that can make a profit for the company , otherwise it will not last , " she says . "  It 's not easy stuff , but it should be seen as a need to do , not a nice to do . " Both agree that successful CSR should be rooted in the core competencies of the company . "  Do it smartly and strategically with good CSR strategy , " says McElhaney . "  Bad CSR is KFC handing out pink buckets of chicken with the Susan Komen breast cancer foundation . " Another key is to make change sexy , says Stadil . "  At some point people get fed up hearing about green , so we have to think about how we can make these things cool . If consumers do n't think it 's cool , it wo n't work . Social engagement has to start from the bottom up . " "  The drive will come from enlightened leaders , " says McElhaney . "  Look to companies like Patagonia and Levi 's who are really doing it , " she says , noting the world 's largest retailer , Walmart , as another frontrunner credited with making significant changes to its supply chain . Outdoor-clothing company Patagonia 's new Common Threads Initiative works with customers to repair , re-use , re-sell and recycle used Patagonia products . Over the past 20 years , the company says it has given more than $ 40 million to environmental causes and pioneered the use of organic cotton and fleece from recycled soda bottles . "  We are only scratching at the heels of guys like Patagonia , " Stadil says , "  but this kind of change is an ongoing process . " To him , Company Karma is also an important consideration in attracting the talent of tomorrow . "  The new Y generation wants to be proud of the product and the company they work for , " he says . "  They have turned Maslow 's pyramid of needs around and see self-realization as the most important thing . " In addition to that , Stadil says the disappearance of traditional value and identity streams like family , rituals , tradition , and religion , is creating an opportunity for companies . "  All those things are losing influence , and we can provide some of that value and identity to our employees . " So , what does the future of Company Karma or CSR 3.0 look like ? Young people are already there , says Stadil . "  A few days ago , I was a judge at Ben and Jerry 's social entrepreneurship competition , ` Join Our Core , ' and the innovative ideas young people have on social entrepreneurship and sustainability are amazing . " "  I am significantly confident that in my daughter 's lifetime , 80 % or more companies will do this , " says McElhaney . "  It will be taken for granted . "	Businessman Christian Stadil believes companies must care about more than just money "  Sustainability should be treated as a business strategy , " says expert Outdoor clothing company Patagonia is seen as a leader in "  CSR 3.0 " Stadil believes corporate social responsibility helps attract talented employees
CNN  -- The husband of a Saudi rape victim sentenced to 200 lashes and six months in prison said his wife is "  a crushed human being , " but blamed a judge -- not the Saudi judicial system -- for treating her as a criminal . Human rights groups want Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah to drop charges against the rape victim . Saudi society is respectful of women , he said , adding that he had faith his wife would get justice . The ruling relates to an incident in March 2006 when the woman , then 18 and engaged to be married , and an unrelated man were abducted from a mall in Qatif , Saudi Arabia , by a group of seven men . She was later raped . In October , the men were convicted and sentenced to two to nine years in prison for the assault . She was convicted of violating the kingdom 's strict Islamic law by not having a male guardian with her at the mall . "  From the outset , my wife was dealt with as a guilty person who committed a crime , " said her 24-year-old husband . "  She was not given any chance to prove her innocence or describe how she was a victim of multiple brutal rapes . " The husband , who asked to remain unnamed , spoke to CNN senior Arab affairs editor Octavia Nasr . His wife , who he said is "  a quiet , simple person who does not bother anyone , " is ill and too fragile to speak about the case , he said . As her guardian under Saudi law , he is standing up for her publicly . Watch the victim 's husband speak out " The attack , trial and sentencing have taken a heavy toll on his wife 's already-poor health , he said . She suffers from anemia , a blood disorder and asthma , and will have surgery next month to remove her gallbladder , he said . "  Since the attack , she 's been suffering from severe depression . " The events ended her pursuit of an education past high school , he said . "  Her situation keeps changing from bad to worse , " he said . "  You could say she 's a crushed human being . " "  The court proceedings were like a spectacle at times , " he said . "  The criminals were allowed in the same room as my wife . They were allowed to make all kinds of offensive gestures and give her dirty and threatening looks . " Of the three judges at the trial , one of them "  was mean and from the beginning dealt with my wife as guilty person who had done something wrong , " he said . "  Even when he pronounced the sentence , he said to her , ` You were involved in a suspicious relationship , and you deserve 200 lashes for that , ' " he said . The judge dismissed her lawyer , Abdulrahman al-Lahim , after the two clashed in court , he said . "  The judge took things personally and was reacting to our lawyer , who 's a known human rights activist , " the husband said . "  The judge undermined the lawyer , decreased his role and then dismissed him from the case altogether . The judge simply could n't work with our lawyer . " The woman was originally sentenced in October 2006 to 90 lashes . But when she appealed , the court more than doubled her sentence . The husband said the judge was pursuing "  a personal vendetta . " "  We were shocked when the judgment changed and her sentence was doubled , " the husband said . "  We were looking for pardon ; instead , she got double the whipping and more jail time . " A court source told Arab News , an English-language Middle Eastern daily newspaper , that the woman 's sentence was increased after the woman spoke to the media about the case . But a Saudi Justice Ministry statement said the permanent committee of the Supreme Judicial Council recommended an increased sentence for the woman after further evidence came to light against her when she appealed her original sentence . "  If this sentence is based on the law , then I would 've welcomed it , " the husband said . "  But it is harsh , and the Saudi society I know and belong to is more sympathetic than that . I do not expect such harshness from Saudis , but rather compassion and support of the victim and her rights . " Saudi society is very respectful to women in general , he said . The case , which has sparked media scrutiny of the Saudi legal system , has drawn a strong international reaction . Human Rights Watch said it has called on Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah "  to immediately void the verdict and drop all charges against the rape victim and to order the court to end its harassment of her lawyer . " Under law in Saudi Arabia , women are subject to numerous restrictions , including a strict dress code , a prohibition on driving and a requirement that they get a man 's permission to travel or have surgery . Women are also not allowed to testify in court unless it is about a private matter that was not observed by a man , and they are not allowed to vote . The Saudi government recently has taken steps to better the situation of women in the kingdom , including the establishment earlier this year of special courts to handle domestic abuse cases , adoption of a new labor law and the creation of a human rights commission . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Octavia Nasr , Saad Abedine and Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	NEW : Husband says one of the judges at the trial was pursuing "  a personal vendetta " Court more than doubled woman 's original sentence of 90 lashes to 200 Woman convicted of violating law by not having a male guardian with her Husband : Saudi society is very respectful to women in general
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The controversial interrogation technique of waterboarding has served a "  valuable " purpose and does not constitute torture , former Attorney General John Ashcroft told a House committee Thursday . John Ashcroft says waterboarding yielded more valuable information than other interrogation techniques . Testifying on the Bush administration 's interrogation rules before the House Judiciary Committee , Ashcroft defended the technique while answering a question from Rep. Howard Coble , R-North Carolina . "  Waterboarding , as we all know , is a controversial issue . Do you think it served a beneficial purpose ? " the congressman asked . "  The reports that I have heard , and I have no reason to disbelieve them , indicate that they were very valuable , " Ashcroft said , adding that CIA Director George Tenet indicated the "  value of the information received from the use of enhanced interrogation techniques -- I do n't know whether he was saying waterboarding or not , but assume that he was for a moment -- the value of that information exceeded the value of information that was received from all other sources . " Waterboarding is a technique designed to simulate drowning . The agency has acknowledged using it on terror suspects . Some critics regard it as torture ; others say it is a harsh interrogation technique , and proponents say it is a useful tool in the war on terror . Ashcroft , who stated his opposition to torture , said the Justice Department has determined that waterboarding -- as defined and described by the CIA -- does n't constitute torture . "  I believe a report of waterboarding would be serious , but I do not believe it would define torture , " Ashcroft said , responding to questions from Rep. Maxine Waters , D-California . He added , "  the Department of Justice has on a consistent basis over the last half-dozen years or so , over and over again in its evaluations , come to the conclusion that under the law in existence during my time as attorney general , waterboarding did not constitute torture . " Waters asked Ashcroft whether such techniques would be regarded as "  totally unacceptable and even criminal " if they were used on American soldiers . "  Well , my subscription to these memos , and my belief that the law provides the basis for these memos persisted even in the presence of my son serving two tours of duty overseas in the Gulf area as a member of our armed forces , " Ashcroft said . Rep. Steve Chabot , R-Ohio , asked Ashcroft how many times waterboarding had been performed . Ashcroft said that it 's his "  understanding it has been done three times " as part of an "  interrogation process . " He said he thinks the subjects of the interrogations "  would be labeled as high-valued detainees . " The House of Representatives failed to muster the two-thirds majority it needed this year to override President Bush 's veto of a bill that would have banned certain CIA interrogation techniques , including waterboarding . The White House applauded the vote , saying an override "  would have diminished the intelligence community 's ability to protect our nation . " The bill was an effort to curtail the CIA 's ability to use harsh interrogation techniques that the military and other law enforcement agencies ban . It would have restricted U.S. interrogators to techniques outlined in the Army Field Manual . The White House said the restriction "  would have eliminated the legal alternative procedures in place in the CIA program to question the world 's most dangerous and violent terrorists . "	Ex-attorney general says waterboarding more effective than other techniques John Ashcroft says he opposes torture but says waterboarding is n't torture Congress failed to override President Bush 's veto of bill to ban waterboarding Waterboarding is an interrogation technique that simulates drowning
CNN  -- Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel claimed his ninth victory of an all-conquering season in Singapore Sunday but must wait to clinch the Formula One world title for the second straight year . The German took the checkered flag in the night race ahead of Jenson Button of Britain with Mark Webber , Vettel 's teammate , in third place . The 24-year-old Vettel has a massive 124-point lead over McLaren 's Button , whose fourth straight podium denied him the chance to wrap up the championship crown . He will surely achieve the feat at the Japanese Grand Prix on October 9 , where he needs just a single point , after another commanding display on Singapore 's Marina Bay street circuit . It was his 19th career victory . Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso came home fourth and is third in the standings , one point adrift of Button , while Lewis Hamilton took fifth after a drive through penalty in his McLaren and no less than five pits stops . Another Briton , Paul Di Resta , was an excellent sixth for Force India , his best result to date in his rookie season in Formula One , ahead of Germans Nico Rosberg in seventh for Mercedes and Adrian Sutil in the second Force India . Felipe Massa of Ferrari , who collided with Hamilton in the early stages , finished ninth with Mexican Sergio Perez in the final points scoring position in 10th . Perez had a coming together with seven-time champion Michael Schumacher , which eliminated the German in his Mercedes . But once again it was Vettel who hogged all the headlines and he is set to become the youngest-ever double champion . "  I was in control at the end and it is a great feeling to win this race -- I love the track here and it 's such a challenge , " he told the post-race press conference . "  As to the championship ? Ah , well , I guess I have another chance at the next race . "  It 's not over until it 's over , " he added , but 2009 champion Button would have to win all the remaining five rounds with Vettel failing to score a single point .	Sebastian Vettel wins Singapore Grand Prix to extend F1 championship lead Jenson Button finishes second with Vettel 's Red Bull teammate Mark Webber in third Vettel needs a single point in the next race in Japan to clinch a second straight F1 crown Ninth win of the season for all-conquering Vettel in his Red Bull and 19th career
CNN  -- Long before there was Apple there was Olivetti . With its slick , beautifully designed products at the cutting edge of innovation , the Italian company was once at the forefront of the race to produce a personal computer for mass consumption . The Ivrea based manufacturer spent years honing the design of its typewriters , calculators and adding machines , agonising over everything from the position of the keys to the shape of the space bar . And everyone from Cormac McCarthy to Bob Dylan used an Olivetti typewriter to bang out some of the world 's best known novels and songs . While the company has never recovered its leading position , a humble start-up aims to put Ivrea back on the world innovation and design map . Open-source hardware Called Arduino , after the local bar where the five founders met to discuss their project , the company produces simple open-source electronics platforms that allows enthusiasts and professionals to build interactive projects . Now , almost ten years after the company produced its first single-board microcontroller , more than 700,000 are in the hands of hobbyists and professionals , operating everything from drones and robots to lights and motors . Co-founder David Cuartielles told CNN that Arduino is not only an educational tool , but also a way of exploring new ideas with new people . "  It 's been an emerging phenomenon since the late 1990s , " Cuartielles said . "  Different schools around the world have tried to bring electronics to designers and artists to get them to come up with more creative uses for technology . " Arduino boards also have a distinctive and striking design , in recognition of which they will go on display at MoMA in New York in 2015 . Olivetti roots Operating from a part of the old Olivetti building in Ivrea , Arduino stamps out the blue microprocessors which operate under a form of open source that allows amateurs , designers and artists to come up with new uses for the circuit board . Cuartielles explained that when they launched the project , the only thing the team wanted to protect was the brand . Its use or misuse  one reason the boards have a robust construction and retail for less than US$ 50  is entirely in the public domain under a creative commons license . As a microprocessor for controlling sensors , Arduino is unparalleled and is becoming a common feature of the prototyping phase of many start-ups . "  I would n't be risking very much if I said that a lot of the products you see on Kickstarter use Arduino boards in the prototyping phase to control various aspects of the project , " he said . He said one of the most interesting applications has been the development of the open platform ArduSat mission , which for the first time allow the general public to run their own space-based applications . "  You will be able to rent a timeslot to manipulate the machine so you can simulate your experiment on land with an Arduino board and you can simulate it in space on the satellite , " he said . Putting the pieces together One of the more surprising applications has been the natural marriage between the Arduino board and Lego . Once seen only as a child 's building block toy , Lego is finding startling utility as an instant mechanical prototype maker for Arduino ideas . "  Lego is very interesting in a sense that it provides mechanical access to the world . It lets you build almost anything within some constraints -- you ca n't , for instance , build something that 's perfectly round with Lego . "  Arduino is at the same level but with electronics . It allows you to control things at a low level really , really well . " But in the face of ever more sophisticated technology , keeping Arduino simple is no easy feat . "  The more simple you make it for the user , the more complex it becomes at the back end , " Cuartilles said . "  For example , the Arduino Yun -- one of our latest products -- basically allows you to connect anything to WiFi or anything to the ethernet . "  It can control it at a low level on the net or on the cloud but to make it easy for the users we had to imbed a whole Linux computer into it at that size . "  The complexity in the stomach of the beast just gets bigger . " While Arduino is most closely associated with robotics , Cuartielles said the application of electronics goes far beyond a concept of robotics , which he says has not changed dramatically over the past 70 years . "  For example , they have discovered that 3D printing lab parts makes them sterile by definition . You can 3D print a test tube to put micro-organisms in and that will be sterile because it is being produced by a plastic that must be heated to 250 degrees Celsius . "  For    1.000 , you can have a machine capable of making sterile lab equipment . That is super cheap and can help laboratories and hospitals all around the world . "	Arduino , the open source electronic hardware , hails from Ivrea , the home of Olivetti Olivetti was once at the forefront of Italian technology and designed the world 's first PC There are now more than 700,000 Arduino boards in the hands of hobbyists and professionals An Arduino circuit board will go on display at MoMA in New York in 2015
CNN  -- A powerful explosion tore through a duplex in Brentwood , New Hampshire , Monday afternoon , after a man shot and killed a police officer who responded to a domestic dispute there , authorities said . The blast was captured live on air by CNN affiliate WCVB-TV . Officer Steve Arkell was fatally shot by Michael Nolan , 47 , according to New Hampshire Attorney General Joseph Foster . A second officer responded to the scene but was driven away by gunfire , Foster said . "  Other officers arrived and a short time later the home was engulfed in flames and later exploded , " he said . "  It 's believed Mr. Nolan was killed by the fire or the explosion . " The incident is being investigated by the state and federal authorities , according to Foster . The 48-year-old Arkell was married and the father of two teenage girls , affiliate WMUR reported . Gov. Maggie Hassan ordered that flags in the state be flown at half-staff in his honor . "  I join all Granite Staters in mourning the loss of Brentwood police officer Steve Arkell , who died tonight doing his job , protecting his community , " she said . Brentwood is a town of about 4,200 , located 50 miles north of Boston . Deaths at tennis star 's mansion were murder-suicide , police say	The duplex where the shooting took place caught fire and exploded Officer Steve Arkell was fatally shot after responding to a domestic dispute The shooter died in the fire or explosion that followed the shooting Federal and state authorities are investigating
Washington  CNN  Hillary Clinton is pressing the reset button -- yet again . She 's quietly fighting back a week after her awkward and occasionally combative news conference on the furor over the private email server she used while running the State Department . Clinton 's Twitter account is buzzing this week with posts that test political messages on health care , college affordability , civil rights and jobs -- issues she hopes will help mobilize President Barack Obama 's Democratic coalition and pave her way to the presidency . Meanwhile , her nascent operation is leaking details of future staffers in an unmistakeable message to Democrats spooked by the email flap that the campaign-in-waiting will become an official effort , possibly as soon as next month . A CNN/ORC International Poll out on Wednesday found that she 's miles ahead of any potential Democratic challenger and would beat all potential Republican candidates by at least 10 points . Despite fretting among some Democrats who worried that the party 's best -- and perhaps only -- viable Democratic candidate appeared to be in trouble , early signs suggest Clinton is doing what the Clintons do best : mounting a comeback . "  The interest in the story is collapsing onto itself . I do n't see an organic clamoring for more information , " said a longtime Clinton ally who did n't want to speak for a campaign that has n't yet been announced . This person , who has spent time in Iowa , argued that outside the community of political reporters and consultants in Washington and New York who fixated on the story , the people who really count -- voters -- were n't really interested . "  People very much want to know what the campaign is going to be about ... what is she going to do about student loan costs , for example ? " Tharon Johnson , a Democratic strategist who was Southern regional director of Obama 's re-election campaign in 2012 , agreed . "  If and when Hillary Clinton decides to run , she will have to address this issue , but I believe the American people are more interested in her addressing the kitchen table issues that matter most to them , " he said . Of course , Clinton still faces plenty of challenges and the email saga raised questions about whether she can run a more sophisticated , no drama campaign than the one she managed in 2008 . But the CNN poll revealed that those critical of Clinton 's role in the email affair appear to break close to party lines and her favorable rating remains at 53 % . A slow recent decline in that rating appears to coincide with Clinton 's slow re-entry into partisan politics and does not necessarily reflect her recent stumbles . Perhaps the most intriguing figure in the poll is that only 1 % of respondents had never heard of Clinton . That supports the idea expressed by some Democrats that Clinton may be the most vetted figure in public life . There are people who will never vote for her and those who are dedicated to her quest to be the first female president , but very few whose minds may not be made up . A less well-known candidate might have made a terrible first impression if faced with the kind of hyper-covered flap Clinton was . But Republicans believe the email scandal could be a political gift that keeps on giving , as it touches on a narrative that the Clintons are secretive , resistant to transparency and often blur the rules . There are also other problems -- including the question of foreign funds sent to the Clinton Foundation and Hillary Clinton 's whopper speaking fees -- that Republicans believe could reach a political mass and fan doubts about the likely Democratic nominee 's character . Then there are the foreign policy questions , including a now damaging photo op in which Clinton offered a "  reset " button to Russia only for the country to revert to a Cold War-esque posture . She was also a central player in Obama 's foreign policy , which often appears to be overtaken by the Middle East 's swift descent into chaos . "  For everything that I can see , the Democrats have put all of their eggs in one basket here , " said Sean Spicer , communications director of the Republican National Committee . "  That is more of a downfall in the general election than in the primary . " Spicer argued that even with younger voters , who do not remember the Clinton years , the question of impropriety over her emails could provide an entry point into past scandals . Though Clinton is the prohibitive Democratic front-runner , her support in the party is not universal . But where she faces resistance , it is more likely to be over policy than emails , as grass-roots Democrats are suspicious over her centrist , pro-business and hawkish foreign policy leanings . "  As this discussion was playing out inside the Beltway , our members were focused on issues , " said Anna Galland , executive director of MoveOn.org , which wants Elizabeth Warren to challenge Clinton for the Democratic nomination . Galland said activists were preoccupied with the preservation of the social safety net , constraining Wall Street and those on the "  ragged edge " of the middle class . Similarly , the young voters who flocked to Obama in 2008 and who will be crucial to Clinton 's hopes of mobilizing an effective Democratic coalition in 2016 may also offer Clinton a political cushion . This group is hazy over historic references to long ago Clinton scandals like Filegate , Travelgate and even the Monica Lewinsky episode that led to President Bill Clinton 's impeachment . "  The media loves a Clinton scandal , " said one Democratic source who did n't want to be named because he does n't work for Clinton . "  But young people are more likely to know her as secretary of state , and someone who ran for president in 2008 . " Polling bears out the theory . The CNN survey shows Clinton 's favorability among voters age 18 to 34 with a 22 point positive differential . But she 's barely in positive territory among voters age 50 to 64 , who are likely to have strong memories of her time as first lady , and is underwater among those 60 or older . Another well-connected Democrat who did n't want to go on the record criticizing Clinton admitted that the email issue did play into GOP caricatures about the allegedly "  conspiratorial " politicians and that it could challenge the former secretary of state 's early efforts to get her message out about her ideas and rationale for running for president . But Democratic operatives think that once Clinton is actually running , with an infrastructure behind her , and striking messages about the minimum wage , college debt and middle-class economic issues , voters will engage . In many ways , the email furor was a story the media could n't wait to write , so it may be that journalists have inflated the importance of the episode , at least in the absence of any evidence that Clinton broke the law or made classified information vulnerable . Political reporters have pined for weeks for Clinton to swing her campaign into action , and her failure to offer a storyline opened a vacuum that was easy for unflattering stories to fill . Her slow response breathed new life into a question that only Clinton can answer : Will her 2016 campaign be as dysfunctional , reactive and distracted as her chaotic and unsuccessful 2008 effort ? But there were a few lessons . It 's clear the Clinton machine is not about to morph into a humming , scandal-free effort in the image of Barack Obama 's first presidential campaign . And Clinton 's bitter relationship with political reporters seems as bad as ever . The days when she partied with a State Department press corps more preoccupied with policy than politics seem like ancient history . But here also , Clinton is trying a reset . Her nascent campaign has made it known that she is staffing up her campaign and press operation . John Podesta , who is expected to take a leadership role in her campaign , is respected by reporters , as is Jennifer Palmieri , the outgoing White House communications director expected to take on a similar role for Clinton . On Tuesday , it emerged that Clinton would name Brian Fallon , who has also good ties with reporters , to be lead press secretary .	Hillary Clinton fights to put furor over a private email server behind her Early signs suggest Clinton is doing what the Clintons do best : mounting a comeback
New York  CNN  -- Protests cropping up in more than a dozen American cities prompted President Barack Obama to discuss the phenomenon Thursday by saying demonstrators "  are giving voice " to those frustrated "  about how our financial system works . " Speaking at a White House news conference , Obama also defended the country 's financial sector , which appears to have taken the brunt of protester criticism , focusing on Wall Street and its regulators ' purported role in widening economic disparities . "  We have to have a strong , effective financial sector in order for us to grow , " the president said Thursday . Still , Obama discussed a need to pursue action aimed at improving government oversight and blamed the financial sector and Republican lawmakers for obstructing reforms . "  Not only did the financial sector , with the Republican party in Congress , fight us every step of the way , " but now the "  same folks " are suggesting that the country should "  roll back reforms " and go back to "  the way it was " before the financial crisis . Rep. Paul Ryan said Thursday that limiting federal spending was pivotal to boosting the economy . The Wisconsin Republican also urged the government to lower taxes to promote U.S.-friendly businesses and spur economic growth . Vice President Joe Biden also weighed in , comparing the protestors to the origins of the tea party , a grass-roots political movement that has advocated reductions in government spending and efforts to curb corruption . "  What is the core of that protest ? And why is it increasing in terms of the people it 's attracting ? " Biden asked rhetorically . "  The core is the bargain has been breached with the American people . " He added that "  there 's a lot in common with the tea party . " The two movements have drawn commentary from liberal and radical conservatives , who in both cases have said there is something fundamentally wrong with America 's financial and political systems . Thursday marked the 20th day of Occupy Wall Street protests , now a series of grass-roots demonstrations against income inequality , corporate greed and a list of other often loosely defined social ills . Overheard on CNN.com : Your take on the protests New York authorities set up at least one vehicle checkpoint as police appeared in larger numbers throughout the financial district and established a perimeter around Zuccotti Park , which is considered a rallying point for the largely leaderless movement in that city . "  We hope that our message continues to resonate with everyone who has felt disenfranchised by the current state of our country , " said Tyler Combelic , a spokesman for the Occupy Wall Street group . He said they plan to "  continue the protest until the message reaches every house in the United States . " What that message is remains largely unclear . Meanwhile , hundreds turned out in downtown Philadelphia near City Hall in a similar demonstration . Crowds also gathered in the Texas cities of San Antonio , Austin , Houston and Dallas , while more protests cropped up in Portland , Oregon ; San Francisco , Seattle and Tampa , Florida . Like-minded university students staged walk-outs a day before on college campuses such as North Carolina State University and the University of Massachusetts-Amherst . And still more demonstrations took place Thursday in Jersey City , New Jersey , and Los Angeles , where police say 10 people were arrested for trespassing on Bank of America property . In the nation 's capital , a war protest on Thursday -- scheduled the day before the 10-year anniversary of the U.S.-led invasion of Afghanistan -- quickly turned their concerns to economics . Several hundred set to demonstrate against wars in Iraq and Afghanistan also echoed the voices of protesters in other cities , even bringing their rally to in front of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce building . A day before , thousands marched in Lower Manhattan shouting slogans and waving placards as they meandered from Zuccotti Park to Foley Square near City Hall . That event turned violent later Wednesday evening , as some protesters scuffled with police , resulting in the arrest of 23 people for various offenses . One of them is charged with assaulting a police officer . Video taken by various news agencies showed police officers wielding batons and forcing protesters to the ground as the officers made arrests . Other videos emerged on You Tube and other Internet sites , showing police officers swinging batons at demonstrators . Still , it was not clear what prompted the exchanges . The city 's Deputy Police Commissioner Paul J. Browne said five people were detained after charging a police line . The majority of Wednesday 's protests , however , were peaceful and appeared buoyed by the support of local unions , including the United Federation of Teachers , Transport Workers Union and the United Auto Workers . The broader protest campaign -- which uses the hashtag #occupywallstreet on the microblogging site Twitter -- began in July with the launch of a campaign website calling for a march and sit-in at the New York Stock Exchange . While the fledgling movement since has struggled to define its mission , its participants have generally agreed in their criticism of the country 's wealthiest 1 % and their purported influence . The protests seemed to gain momentum after a September 24 pepper spray incident involving demonstrators and police . And last Saturday , police arrested hundreds as they marched across a roadway leading to the Brooklyn Bridge , blocking city traffic for hours . Social media sites such as Twitter seemed to be spurring similar protests elsewhere , though in vastly smaller numbers than those in New York . That includes dozens who gathered in Boston ; Hartford , Connecticut ; and Savannah , Georgia . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Carey Bodenheimer , Ross Levitt and Jason Kessler contributed to this report .	NEW : Vice President Biden likens "  Occupy Wall Street " protesters to the tea party NEW : Republican Rep. Paul Ryan says lower taxes are needed to bolster the economy NEW : 10 demonstrators are arrested in Los Angeles for trespassing Similar protests have cropped up in more than a dozen cities
One doctor says the study "  very clearly shows that autism did not arrive through a vaccine . " A new study published in the January 2008 issue of Archives of General Psychiatry found the prevalence of autism cases in California children continued to rise after most vaccine manufacturers started to remove the mercury-based preservative thimerosal in 1999 , suggesting that the chemical was not a primary cause of the disorder . Researchers from the State Public Health Department found that the autism rates in children rose continuously during the study period from 1995 to 2007 . The preservative , thimerosal , has not been used in childhood vaccines since 2001 , except for some flu shots . The latest findings failed to convince some parents and advocacy groups , who have long blamed mercury , a neurotoxin , for the disorder . For years , parents have been concerned that a mercury-containing vaccine preservative may play a role in autism . But a study conducted in California found that autism rates increased even after thimerosal was removed from most vaccines . The study authors say this is evidence that thimerosal does not cause autism , although advocacy groups say it 's too soon to determine whether autism rates have been affected . Do these findings suggest that autism is n't linked to mercury in vaccines ? Dr. Sanjay Gupta , chief medical correspondent : Let me explain . In 1999 , manufacturers began removing thimerosal - which is a mercury-based preservative - from vaccines . Some people believed autism would decrease as a result , because they thought the two were connected . A new study in the Archives of General Psychiatry says this just did n't happen . Researchers looked at cases of autism in California after 1999 . They reasoned that if mercury exposure in vaccines was a major cause of autism , the number of affected kids should have dropped after thimerosal was removed . Just the opposite happened . From 2004 to 2007 , when exposure to thimerosal dropped significantly for 3 - to 5-year-olds , the autism rate continued to go up , from 3 per 1,000 children to 4 per 1,000 children in California . A child psychiatrist who supported the study said it "  very clearly shows that autism did not arrive through a vaccine . " But advocacy groups say it 's too soon to determine whether autism rates were affected by removing thimerosal from vaccines . The National Vaccine Information Center says the study does n't include children under the age of 3 , which they say is the only group that was never exposed to mercury in vaccines . It says thimerosal was n't completely off the shelves until 2002 or 2003 . Their main point is that mercury is a neurotoxin , so why take a chance by putting it in vaccines ? What do scientists think causes autism ? As many as one in every 166 children in this country is found to have autism , and doctors still do n't know why . Doctors point to genetics and environment as culprits , but it could be more complicated than that . The latest research shows these children are not necessarily born with autism but with the potential to develop it . What exactly are these outside factors ? It 's hard to pinpoint . What we eat , what we breathe , what we drink -- all these things could play a role . Some doctors say the increase is due to a change in the way the condition is diagnosed kids who were once labeled mentally retarded are now being labeled as autistic . What are possible signs of autism in your child ? Doctors are now looking for signs of autism in children as young as 18 to 24 months . Some red flags that indicate your child may have autism : no babbling or pointing by 12 months , no single words by 16 months , no brief phrases by 24 months , loss of language or social skills . If you see any of these signs , the American Academy of Pediatrics recommends seeing a pediatric neurologist , developmental pediatrician or child psychologist . What led companies to remove thimerosal from vaccines to begin with ? Several things pushed companies in this direction . Over the past decade , more and more attention was given to the health effects of mercury on humans . And then in the '90s , the CDC added new vaccines to the list of routine shots that children should get . Some of them used thimerosal as a preservative . This was happening while the government was trying to decrease our exposure to mercury . So the FDA began looking into the issue . In 1997 , Congress passed a bill that mandated review of products containing mercury , which led manufacturers to begin removing thimerosal from vaccines two years later .	Removal of thimerosal from most vaccines has n't reduced the number of autism cases diagnosed in the state of California .
Washington  CNN  -- Republican Ed Gillespie conceded the Virginia Senate race Friday to incumbent Democratic Sen. Mark Warner . Gillespie said at a Friday afternoon news conference that he had called Warner "  congratulating him on his re-election " in a race that turned out to be one of the midterm election 's biggest surprises . Polls had shown Warner , a popular former governor who 'd been endorsed by his Republican predecessor , ex-Sen . John Warner , with a hefty lead . But Gillespie led Warner for much of the night as returns trickled in Tuesday -- and ultimately ended up trailing by less than one percentage point . Get ready : 2016 starts now He said he would challenge the result "  if I believed that there were any conceivable way " to win in a recount . He said he 'd forwarded complaints about voter irregularities on to Virginia election officials , but that those votes would n't change the race 's outcome . "  In my head and in my heart , I know that a change in outcome is not possible , " he said . "  The numbers just are n't there , and it 's time to accept the decision of my fellow Virginians . " Gillespie 's surprisingly strong showing has fueled speculation that he could run again for statewide office -- including possibly for governor . What happened to Mark Warner ?	Republican Ed Gillespie conceded Virginia 's unexpectedly close Senate race Gillespie said he considered asking for a recount but that he decided against it Democratic Sen. Mark Warner retains his seat
Los Angeles  CNN  -- KISS lead singer Paul Stanley underwent successful surgery for "  recurring vocal cord issues " Tuesday that the musician said Wednesday "  come with 40 years of preaching rock 'n' roll . " His doctors say Stanley , who 's been touring and recording with KISS for nearly 40 years , will make a "  swift and complete " recovery , according to a statement from his publicist . "  I hold myself to a higher standard than others do , " Stanley said . "  With that in mind , I wanted to remedy a few minor issues that come with 40 years of preaching rock 'n' roll . " Stanley , 59 , is known for his energetic -- and loud -- shows as front man and guitarist for legendary hard rock group . KISS , one of the longest-running rock acts , stays busy on the road and in the studio . Stanley is producing "  Monster , " their 20th studio album due out in 2012 as they embark on another global tour .	Stanley 's recovery should be "  swift and complete , " doctors say Vocal problems come from "  40 years of preaching rock 'n' roll , " Stanley says Paul Stanley is an original member KISS
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Hal Holbrook has made his name playing famous historical figures . He won an Emmy for his portrayal of Abraham Lincoln in a 1974 TV miniseries , accolades as "  Deep Throat " in 1976 's "  All the President 's Men , " and a Tony as Mark Twain -- a performance he 's been giving now for a half-century -- in "  Mark Twain Tonight ! " Hal Holbrook , 83 , is nominated for his role as Ron Franz in "  Into the Wild . " But playing Ron Franz , the thoughtful , down-to-earth 81-year-old who bonds with a youthful adventurer in "  Into the Wild , " was an opportunity he dared not miss , he says in a phone interview . "  This was an opportunity , and a rare one for me , to just play myself , to not do Abraham Lincoln or another character , " Holbrook says in his familiar rich baritone . "  I did n't want to research anything . I had a very personal reaction to the role . " Holbrook 's gut feeling has led to some of the best reviews of his career and a first for the actor : a nomination for an Academy Award . At 83 -- his birthday was last Sunday -- he 's the oldest man ever to be nominated for best supporting actor . The Oscars are scheduled for Sunday night . "  Into the Wild " is due out on video March 4 . Holbrook says he 's familiar with the kind of adventurousness exhibited by Christopher McCandless , played by Emile Hirsch in Sean Penn 's film . Holbrook has gone into the wilderness himself . He 's also sailed the open sea in a small boat , accompanied by little more than a sextant and a map . "  No electronics , " he says . He 's even traveled in McCandless ' tracks , taking a trip to Alaska the year after the self-named "  Alexander Supertramp " died . "  They were still talking about him , whether he was crazy , " Holbrook recalls . Holbrook , who 'd also read Jon Krakauer 's book about McCandless ' journey , says he was sent the script "  out of the blue " and told that Penn wanted to meet with him the next day . The director , upon discussing the part with him , offered Holbrook the role . Holbrook has nothing but praise for Penn 's work on the film . "  To work with Sean Penn might be the best experience I 've ever had with a director , " he says . "  He 's so trusting . There was none of this ` Let 's discuss the back story ' -- he trusts you . He 'll take whatever you give him , and begins to open up your sense of freedom . He gives you space to explore whatever the scenes bring out of you . Sean was wonderful . " Holbrook also has high praise for Hirsch , who lost 40 pounds for the role . " -LSB- His performance -RSB- was a brilliant piece of work . ... An actor takes his performance from other actors , and in this case it was easy , " he says , adding that "  I 'm astounded he was n't nominated -- he deserved it more than anybody . " Read Hirsch 's view of "  Into the Wild . " But Holbrook also paid tribute to a person seldom considered by the audience : the film editor , in this case Jay Cassidy . By changing the sequence of two scenes , Cassidy gave the film an added power -- which made all the difference to how his performance was perceived , Holbrook says . "  I have never been more aware of an editor 's genius as I have in this particular film , " he says . Referring to the film 's back-and-forth chronology , which he calls "  a very daring piece of work , " he marvels at how Cassidy and Penn fit the pieces together . "  It 's quite an achievement , " Holbrook says . "  The effect it can have on a performance is profound . " Cassidy 's work earned "  Into the Wild " its only other Oscar nomination . Holbrook has had a busy couple months , with his performance nominated for critics ' awards as well as a Screen Actors Guild Award . The activity has taken the steadily working actor away from a personal project : his memoirs . "  Trying to fit all these things in -- it ai n't easy , " he chuckles . "  I had to stop -LSB- writing -RSB- for the last month or so . " He does n't give himself much of a possibility to win : Slim and none are my chances , " he says . Still , he treasures the experience . The Oscar nomination "  is like a miracle , " he says . "  After 65 years or so -LSB- of acting -RSB- , to be nominated for an Academy Award is a great gift . " E-mail to a friend	Hal Holbrook is oldest supporting actor Oscar nominee ever Holbrook played Ron Franz in "  Into the Wild , " loved experience on film Holbrook known for playing Mark Twain , Abraham Lincoln , Deep Throat
CNN  -- If you 've been reading the comments on CNN stories , you 've probably noticed that things look a little bit different . We 've updated our comment system to include some new features that will improve the discussion and hopefully build a greater sense of community on the site . A lot of the changes are designed to make it easier for you to keep up with the conversations you 're interested in . You 'll get real-time notifications when someone mentions you or replies to one of your comments , so you can respond right away . You can also find the most active discussions and see what our top commenters are saying . It 's also easier to share comments on Twitter , Facebook and other social networks so you can see what your friends and followers have to say about a story . The other big change is that we 've removed the "  like " button and replaced it with up-and-down arrows so you can "  downvote " the comments that do n't add to the discussion as well as "  upvote " those you think are interesting . You can still flag comments that violate our community guidelines , and moderators will take appropriate action . One thing that wo n't change is that CNN will be listening to what you want to tell us , whether it 's in the comments , on social media or on CNN iReport . Everyone has a unique perspective on how the news affects their lives , and we want to make sure we include as many voices as possible in our news coverage . We 've found that we have users who are experts on almost every imaginable topic -- from nuclear physics to grammar to where to get the best sandwich in St. Louis on a Tuesday night . We get a lot of great ideas from the comments , and our producers are always experimenting with new ways to share your stories with the world . You can see some of our latest examples on our comments Tumblr . If you have questions , suggestions or complaints , let us know in the comments below . We will be checking in throughout the day to respond . If you have a concern that you do n't want to raise publicly , feel free to e-mail me at david.williams@cnn.com, and I 'll respond as soon as possible . Thank you for being a part of the conversation .	CNN is upgrading its comment system New features make it easier to follow conversations and share them with your social networks We are listening to what you tell us and adding your perspective to CNN 's coverage
