CNN  -- With the people of Haiti hungry , desperate and frustrated nearly a week after a powerful earthquake , sporadic violence and looting are erupting in the badly damaged capital . CNN 's Anderson Cooper witnessed a group of young men breaking into a supply store in the city 's commercial district and taking away boxes of candles Monday afternoon . They were followed by several hundred others , including women who used sacks to carry away items . Two Haitian police officers and the store owner tried to barricade the property . Police fired shots into the air to try to disperse the crowd , according to Cooper . Fights broke out among looters . Cooper saw one man beaten until one of his arms bled . A boy collapsed onto the street in a pool of blood , Cooper said , describing the situation as "  a frenzy of looting . " Anderson Cooper in the midst of looting chaos Reports of looting have escalated in the days since Tuesday 's 7.0-magnitude earthquake leveled Port-au-Prince , leaving the capital in chaos as emergency aid workers and authorities scramble to help . "  People are actually stealing this , then will sell it later , and then they 'll use that money for their families , " Cooper reported . Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said he wanted to increase the U.N. peacekeeping force in Haiti with 1,500 additional police and 2,000 peacekepping troops to better respond to the quake 's aftermath . Ban says he has submitted his request to the U.N. Security Council . The U.S. military considers the security situation "  stable , " Rear Adm. Mike Rogers , director of intelligence for the Joint Chiefs of Staff , told reporters Monday . Rogers said that means meant the United States can carry out operations -- including search and rescue , distribution of aid , moving people in and out of the capital and flying aircraft . Nothing suggests "  widespread disorder " and panic , Rogers said , citing the well-publicized incidents of unrest as "  isolated events . " No official death toll has been declared , but estimates range from 100,000 to 150,000 in Port-au-Prince alone . The buildings have crumbled to rubble , leaving hundreds of thousands of homeless survivors roaming the streets . iReport : Looking for loved ones About 3 million people -- one-third of Haiti 's population -- were affected by the quake , the Red Cross said . About 10 million people most likely felt the shaking , the U.S. Geological Survey said . All of this has occurred in the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere , where infrastructure is weak and many people were already living in poverty . In several sections of Port-au-Prince , people could be seen scavenging in the streets , pushing each other away to pick up whatever they could find in the collapsed homes . They rummaged through plastic bags lying amid mountains of debris . Other survivors clutched tightly to their finds as they walked through the streets . For business owners , the growing violence is troubling because there are fewer police officers on duty after the earthquake . Many officers are injured or dead . The police who are on duty are armed with automatic weapons , and they have fired shots in the air to scare off looters . Even before the earthquake , robberies and home invasions organized by gangs were frequent in Haiti , according to the U.S. Department of State 's Overseas Security Advisory Council . Adding to Haiti 's frustration is the difficulty in transporting critical aid and supplies to survivors . Shortly after the earthquake , international aid groups responded quickly , trying to get food and medical supplies into Haiti to prevent the situation from going from "  dire to absolutely catastrophic . " "  I think people need to understand that out in Port-au-Prince , it looks ... like Tokyo probably did after World War II . It 's flat . It looks like atomic bomb went off . The streets are completely blocked , " said Kenneth Merten , the U.S. ambassador to Haiti . He added , "  There are rescue efforts going on . It 's just difficult to physically get there . "	Incidents of looting are becoming more widespread across Port-au-Prince U.N. officials hope to send more troops , officers to help respond Haiti 's police force is limited after earthquake killed or injured many officers CNN 's Anderson Cooper said looters plan on selling items later
Gainesville , Georgia  CNN  -- Kelsey Trusty plans almost everything , but getting cancer was one thing she did n't anticipate . Yet what began as an unexpected health crisis has led to an untapped source of creativity that helps her pay for treatment . In October 2011 , the 22-year-old nursing student from Gainesville , Georgia , was in the middle of her first year of nursing school , a job at a hospital and organizing her wedding when she was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia . In the blink of an eye , Trusty made the transition from physician-in-training to patient . She began a month-long hospital stay to receive chemotherapy and blood transfusions . "  I was in the hospital with quite a bit of time on my hands , " Trusty said . "  I 'm not the kind of person who can just sit and watch TV all day . I needed something to do to keep me sane . " Inspired by a post her mother saw on Pinterest , Trusty began braiding scarves out of old T-shirts . After perfecting her method , she shared her work on Facebook , thinking maybe a few people would want one . Much to her surprise , demand was instant . After her diagnosis , she had to quit school because her treatment included extended hospital stays . But soon enough , she found she had nearly a full-time job filling scarf orders . The scarves come in a variety of styles and sizes , and customers can choose the colors . Trusty makes the scarves by cutting strips of T-shirt material and braiding them together . Sometimes , her hands tremble from chemotherapy as she adds a hand-stitched logo featuring the leukemia awareness ribbon . "  It went from zero to 60 very quickly , " she said . "  I think it really appealed to people being able to customize them . " Trusty set about branding her product , naming her budding business "  Tussle " in a nod to her battle with leukemia . Her best friend created a logo and she set up a Facebook page for the business . She even has her own shipping labels , "  And that made me feel really fancy , " she said . Profits from the scarves have had a tremendous impact on her out-of-pocket medical expenses , she said , covering co-payments for doctor 's visits and subsidizing the cost of cancer treatment . Meanwhile , she 's still getting ready for her wedding in July . "  No one ever expects to be paying for a wedding and chemotherapy at the same time , " she said . "  It 's an incredible burden lifted off my shoulders and my family 's shoulders . " In addition to the positive financial impact , Trusty is also using her creativity to help other cancer patients . Last month , Trusty auctioned off one of her scarves , donating the proceeds to another cancer patient . "  It 's nice to be able to use something that 's helped me to help other people as well , " Trusty said . "  I 'm a people-pleaser by nature , so it helps me stay positive when I see other people happy as well . " She has shipped scarves all over the country and as far away as England . One of the best things about the experience has been meeting new people in her community and beyond and sharing stories with them , she said . "  I make scarves mainly for people who I 've never met before , " she said . "  And so it 's been a really cool way for me to meet people in my community and get to know people who I probably never would have gotten the chance to meet before . " She is unsure of what her future holds after treatment , but the experience has given her an appreciation for the unpredictability of life and the value of every day . "  Right now , I do n't know what the plan is for me , and that 's scary , " she said . "  But my God tells me , and my experience tells me , that I do n't need to worry about planning the next step . "	Kelsey Trusty started braiding scarves out of T-shirts during hospital stay After posting a picture of a scarf on Facebook , she was flooded with requests Profits from scarves help Trusty pay for out-of-pocket expenses related to treatment "  No one ever expects to be paying for a wedding and chemotherapy , " she says
CNN  -- The chief executive of JPMorgan says he can understand some of the grievances of the Occupy movement , describing some of Wall Street 's actions as "  a total disgrace . " Speaking with CNN 's Richard Quest at the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland , JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon was asked if he was worried about growing antagonism towards the rich . "  It 's becoming an entrenched view , but here 's the parts I agree with , " he said . "  People are angry because a lot of people in Wall Street made a lot of money as companies went down the tubes , and I agree with them . That 's a total disgrace . " He stressed his firm had acted responsibly . "  We never had special severance packages and stuff like that ... So a lot of new rules being promulgated , we were always doing them . " Dimon said he was concerned about the gap between rich and poor . "  I do think we 're all better off if society gets increasingly equitable . The question we 've got to deal with is , how do you do that ? " He advocated progressive taxation , and a focus on "  giving people better opportunities . " "  In the United States , half the kids in inner city schools do n't graduate -- that 's the biggest sin we make in our country right there . "	JPMorgan chief Jamie Dimon says some of Wall Street 's actions have been a "  disgrace " He says we will all benefit from a more equitable society Progressive taxation and a focus on "  giving people better opportunities " will help
CNN  -- Garrick Utley , who worked as a globetrotting foreign correspondent during the flush decades of network news , has died at age 74 of prostate cancer , his wife of 40 years said Friday . "  He has been fighting -- as you always call it -- prostate cancer for two years , " Gertje Utley said . "  He had a very , very rare , very aggressive kind . " He died Thursday night at his home in New York overlooking Central Park , she said . "  He was really the old kind of journalist , " she said of her husband , who reported from more than 75 countries . "  He was the old kind of trenchcoat-clad journalist who wrote his own copy -- always wrote his own copy . " During his early years at NBC , the network did not scrimp on devoting resources to newsgathering , she said . "  That 's what he always talked about : The early days were the lucky days . " Born in Chicago in 1939 to a radio and television news couple , Clifton and Frayn Utley , Garrick graduated from Carleton College and studied at the Army Language School in Monterey , California , before winning a Fulbright Scholarship and moving to Berlin to study East-West relations , she said . In 1963 , NBC 's John Chancellor -- who had worked for Utley 's father -- hired him as an office assistant in the network 's bureau in Brussels , Belgium , she said . After NBC News 's "  Huntley-Brinkley Report " expanded that year from 15 minutes to half an hour , the network was looking for more material , and Utley caught the eye of the brass . "  He covered a couple of stories for the Common Market , as it was called then , " she said of what is now the European Economic Community , and did some work in London . "  But mainly , within the year , there was this little war going on , and they did n't have a journalist there . So Garrick started the NBC office in Vietnam . " When he arrived in Saigon , the newsman was the bureau 's sole occupant . By the time he left a few years later to report from capitals around the world , 20 people were staffing it , Gertje Utley said . He went on to serve as bureau chief in Berlin from 1966-68 and then in Paris , where he met his wife in 1971 . From 1973-79 , he was chief foreign correspondent for Europe and the British Isles . But he returned several times to Vietnam for such key events as the 1968 Tet Offensive and the pullout of U.S. troops in 1973 . They were heady days for foreign correspondents . It was not unusual for NBC to send Utley for three weeks to report a story in China or for two weeks to cover a story in Zimbabwe , his wife said . "  It was still the journalism where you actually had to have the knowledge and explain a situation . " Utley prepared to be a man of the world , becoming fluent in German and French and developing a working knowledge of Russian and Spanish , she said . He was a ubiquitous presence on the network , serving as a weekend anchor of "  NBC Nightly News " and a moderator of "  Meet the Press , " in addition to his work as a correspondent . But over the years , the network cut its newsgathering resources , she said . "  Today , journalism is somebody telling you what you see behind them , " she said . "  Garrick still gave the background of the political situation and why it is that way . I 'm sorry , this is a proud widow talking . " After GE bought NBC in 1986 , "  he really witnessed the decline , " and Utley went briefly to ABC as its chief foreign correspondent , but left after it was bought by Disney in 1996 , when its news division endured similar cuts . In 1997 , he moved to CNN as a contributor . "  And what a presence he was , " CNN Editorial Director Richard T. Griffiths said in an e-mail to colleagues on Friday . "  In his calm , measured , voice anchoring on 9/11 and in countless pieces , Garrick delivered thoughtful analysis that always raised the bar . "  Garrick was the consummate gentleman in every encounter . He was relentlessly curious , passionate about storytelling , and unafraid to take on the controversial topics . "  Those here in those days learned so much from Garrick . ... He left a mark . We can all hope to do the same . " But the network did not embrace Utley 's tone , his widow said . "  He actually was reprimanded for it : ` Garrick , why do you have to be so serious ? ' " He carried a serious demeanor throughout his life , said his sister-in-law Carol Marin , a Chicago journalist who is married to Utley 's brother Jonathan . "  He was always kind of the grownup in the room , even when he as much younger , " she said . "  I really think he had a kind of dignity . We saw it in his death , and we knew it in his life . " When he left CNN in 2002 , Utley 's farewell note cited advice he had received more than four decades before from Chancellor . "  Keep your voice low and your sentences short . " "  I am not sure how much of a place there is for low , quiet voices in our chosen field today , but brevity is still a virtue , " Utley wrote . "  For a journalist , there are few joys greater than the opportunity to craft and contribute reports on subjects ranging from the weighty , to the ephemera of a changing culture . CNN has offered me the opportunity to do so , and for that I am grateful . I will continue in various guises . "  I could go on , but I wo n't . " Utley 's producer at CNN recalled him as a mentor . "  He was a journalistic giant , who took me under his wing as a researcher and producer when I first started with CNN , " Alex Walker said in a Facebook posting . "  Garrick taught me how to write for television and helped me develop an eye for pictures ... My fondest memories are chats we had in his office late in the day . I would pick his brain about his long , storied career . " Walker noted Utley 's love for his wife , who called him "  Big Man , " and for the opera broadcasts he hosted for PBS , but he said it was something else that most impressed him . "  Garrick loved to laugh , and that 's what I will miss most . Sometimes he would laugh so long and hard and start shaking . It was just the funniest thing in the world . I will miss that man . Such a tremendous loss today for journalism and for me personally . Rest in peace , Big Man . " After departing CNN , Utley went into academia , helping create the Levin Institute for International Relations and Commerce at the State University of New York and serving as professor of broadcasting and journalism at SUNY Oswego . During his career , he received a number of honors , including an Edward R. Murrow Award and a George Foster Peabody Award . He also served on the boards of the Council on Foreign Relations , Carleton College and Public Radio International , the board of advisers of Medecins Sans Frontieres and as chairman of the American Council on Germany . The couple had no children . "  I always thought it was because Garrick traveled so much , " Gertje Utley said . But they were "  blessed with " several godchildren and found happiness in other ways , she said . "  If you never become parents , you remain lovers , " she said . Utley 's 2000 memoir , "  You Should Have Been Here Yesterday : A Life Story in Television News , " was described by the New York Times as "  a moving account of Utley 's experiences in the business " and a history of television news . "  He openly acknowledges his frustrations at both the limitations of reporting and television 's corporate parents ' squeezing of foreign news in the name of profits , " it says . "  Still , he chooses to see the positive . And while he regrets the decline of traditional foreign news reporting , he remains optimistic about new media taking up the slack , writing that all the new sources will offer ` more in both breadth and depth . That is what makes the future in electronic and digital journalism so exciting . ' " "  He was a big , big guy , " NBC 's Matt Lauer said on Friday 's "  Today " of the 6-foot-6-inch man . "  He was an imposing figure physically , but also intellectually . He was a smart man . " During a 2012 reunion of NBC hosts , Utley said of his work as a foreign correspondent , "  It was wonderful to have this platform and the wherewithal and the budgets to go out into the world . " NBC meteorologist Al Roker said Utley had always wanted to be a country singer . "  He had a great voice , " Roker said . His widow said she had not heard that , but "  I know that he loved country music when he was young . " Utley 's other brother , David , lives in Madison , Wisconsin . People we 've lost in 2014	"  He was the old kind of trenchcoat-clad journalist , " his widow says Utley reported from more than 75 countries during a career spent mostly at NBC News He opened NBC 's bureau in Vietnam in 1964
CNN  -- Rep. Charlie Rangel is claiming victory in his last dance . The Democratic congressman from New York , who was first elected to the House of Representatives 44 years ago , appears to have survived a fierce primary challenge . Rangel , who says this will be his last re-election campaign , will likely edge out state Sen. Adriano Espaillat , who came close to ousting Rangel in the Democratic primary two years ago . With 100 % of precincts reporting , Rangel held a 47 % -44 % lead over Espaillat , with two other candidates grabbing 9 % of the vote , according to numbers compiled by the Associated Press . Espaillat did not concede Tuesday night . Rangel was one of two four-decade veterans of Congress who avoided being ousted from office . After a long and bitter fight , Sen. Thad Cochran of Mississippi will manage to fend off a serious tea party challenge in Tuesday 's GOP Senate runoff , CNN projects , and move closer to a seventh term . With 99 % of the precincts counted , Cochran held a 51 % -49 % lead over state Sen. Chris McDaniel , who forced Cochran into the runoff after both candidates fell just short of the 50 % threshold needed to avoid a longer contest . In the primary , McDaniel edged out Cochran by less than 1,500 votes . In a bizarre twist , it might be Democrats that helped push Cochran ahead at the finish line . Along with Mississippi and New York , six other states held contests Tuesday . Democrats likely swung GOP contest To clinch the GOP nomination , Cochran 's backers turned to Democrats , especially African-Americans who make up 37 % of the state 's population . Cochran 's supporters actively reminded voters of the senator 's work to secure federal funds for programs relied upon by African-Americans , like Head Start and certain medical centers in the state . It 's the kind of message that Republicans barely tout these days , given the renewed focus on fiscal conservatism . But Cochran supporters viewed Democrats as key to their strategy to knock out McDaniel after the incumbent barely kept his reelection hopes alive in the primary . Mississippi law allows anyone to vote in the runoff , meaning Democrats could go to the polls so long as they did n't vote in the Democratic primary and they do n't plan to support their party 's candidate in the general election . But McDaniel and allies argued the tactic was a stretch , and he argued that a high Democratic turnout for Cochran would reveal the senator 's true colors . Final chapter underway in nation 's ugliest primary "  I 'm not concerned about them being African-American . I 'm concerned about them being liberal , " he told CNN . "  That 's always been my concern . If Senator Cochran is going to court liberal Democrats to save his seat , that 's a good indication that he 's abandoned conservatism in Mississippi . " As Cochran declared victory , McDaniel railed against Cochran 's campaign tactic of stirring support among Democrats . "  There is something a bit unusual about a Republican primary decided by liberal Democrats , " he said . "  So much for bold colors . So much for principles . I guess they can take some consolation that they did something tonight for once again compromising , for once again reaching across the aisle , for abandoning the conservative movement . " McDaniel added : "  If it can happen here , it can happen anywhere . And that 's why we will never stop fighting . " Mississippi law does n't include provisions for election recounts . Any challenge to race results would have to go through the courts . 5 primaries worth watching on Tuesday To make sure Democratic voters were n't voting illegally , conservative groups supportive of McDaniel dispatched volunteers to observe poll workers and whether they 're turning away those who already showed up in the Democratic primary . But that effort raised eyebrows from groups like the NAACP , which sent out its own volunteers to look for any signs of voter intimidation or interference . Rangel 's last dance Win or lose , Rangel of New York says this is his last campaign . The Korean War veteran , who was first elected to the House of Representatives 44 years ago , is trying keep from getting pushed out office by Espaillat , who came within around 1,100 votes of ousting Rangel in the Democratic primary two years ago . "  As we learned in 2012 , every single vote needs to be counted in this race . Given the thousands of votes outstanding , the people of Upper Manhattan and The Bronx deserve a full accounting of every vote to achieve a complete and accurate tally in this race , " Espaillat said in a statement in the early hours of Wednesday morning . Rangel , the former chairman of the tax-writing Ways and Means Committee , was forced to step down from his post in 2010 and later that year he was censured by the House for ethics violations . Just as damaging for Rangel was the redrawing of New York 's 13th Congressional District after the 2010 election , from a Harlem-based , African-American-dominated district to one that now has a Hispanic majority , thanks to shedding parts of Harlem and adding other neighborhoods in northern Manhattan and parts of the Bronx . Rangel , the "  Lion of Harlem " and a founding member of the Congressional Black Caucus , said he did n't put up much of a fight in 2012 . "  I did n't have a campaign last time . When he told me he was running , I was in Columbia Presbyterian with a viral infection in my spine . " This time , Rangel said he 's ready . "  Well , I do n't have a walker . I do n't have a spinal injury . " Espaillat says Rangel is emblematic of all that ills Congress . "  This is a coalition of victory that is completely convinced that Washington is broken and that at the center of that dysfunction is a gentleman called Charles Rangel , " he said Saturday . Rangel 's confidence was buoyed by a nonpartisan poll last week that indicated he held a 13-point lead over Espaillat , who if elected in November would become the first member of Congress born in the Dominican Republic . But some political analysts say it 's difficult to poll in the district and feel the race is much closer . Plus , Rangel suffered the embarrassment of failing to win endorsements from President Barack Obama and New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio . Tea party vs. establishment battle with a twist Rep. James Lankford easily won Oklahoma 's Republican Senate primary , in the race to succeed retiring GOP Sen. Tom Coburn . Lankford topped former state House Speaker T.W. Shannon . Coburn 's announcement in January that he would step down at the end of the year -- with two years left in his term -- sparked a competitive primary in Oklahoma to replace the conservative senator . There were seven candidates in the race , but the contest turned into a battle between the two frontrunners : Lankford and Shannon . For a party looking for more diversity , the 36-year old Shannon , who was the youngest speaker ever of the Oklahoma House , was an attractive choice . He 's part Native American and African-American . He was backed by such tea party heroes as Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas and former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin . And some national anti-establishment organizations pumped big bucks into the race in support of Shannon . But many local tea party groups kept their distance , with some questioning Shannon 's outsider credentials . In fact , Shannon 's no stranger to politics . He worked for Oklahoma Republican Rep. Tom Cole and former congressman J.C. Watts before launching his own political career . Lankford , who has risen through the ranks to become Republican Policy Committee Chairman -- the fifth-ranking House Republican -- in just two terms in Congress , was criticized by many on the right for his vote to raise the debt ceiling . But labeling the Baptist minister with strong social conservative backing as an establishment candidate was a hard case to make . "  The job is clear , " Lankford repeated throughout his victory speech -- ticking off a number of Republican prescriptions to fix the economy , including repealing Obamacare , cutting down on environmental regulation and limiting federal spending . "  I was a member of the class of 2010 in the House of Representatives . It was that class that moved Nancy Pelosi back to flying coach again , " he said . "  If we win in November , I pray we can do this same thing for Sen. Reid . " Lankford had a 57 % -34 % lead with 99 % of the vote counted , according to numbers compiled by the AP . Conceding the race , Shannon said : "  Tonight this campaign is over but our cause remains and our cause continues . " "  We must get rid of Harry Reid . That means we have to send Republicans to the Senate and that Republican is James Lankford , " he added . Other races on our radar CNN projects that Maryland Lt. Gov. Anthony Brown will win the state 's Democratic gubernatorial primary . The two-term lieutenant governor faced off in an ugly primary battle against state Attorney General Doug Gansler and state lawmaker Heather Mizeur . In a state dominated by Democrats , Brown will now be considered the favorite to win the general election in the race to succeed term-limited Democratic Gov. Martin O'Malley . Brown was backed by O'Malley , a potential 2016 Democratic presidential candidate , as well as former President Bill Clinton . Brown will go on to face Republican Larry Hogan in the general election . If he wins in November , Brown would become the third African-American elected governor in U.S. history . In Colorado , CNN projects that former Rep. Bob Beauprez will win the GOP primary for governor , topping anti-immigration firebrand Tom Tancredo , a former congressman and presidential hopeful , and two other candidates . Beauprez will face Democratic Gov. John Hickenlooper in November . And in Florida , Republican businessman Curt Clawson won the special general election to replace embattled former Rep. Trey Radel . Clawson easily defeated Democrat April Freeman and two other candidates in the race for the state 's 19th Congressional District . The heavily Republican district runs along Florida 's Gulf of Mexico coast from Cape Coral and Fort Myers south to Naples and Marco Island . Clawson will serve out the remainder of Radel 's term , which runs through the end of the year . There will be an August primary ahead of November 's general election . Radel , a fellow Republican , was arrested last year for cocaine possession , and resigned from Congress in January . CNN 's Dana Davidsen , Alexandra Field and Julian Cummings contributed to this report .	Longtime lawmaker Charlie Rangel claims victory in tough New York primary Six-term incumbent Thad Cochran holds off tea party challenge Rep. Lankford wins GOP Senate primary in Oklahoma
London  CNN  -- Former Barclays bank chief executive Bob Diamond will voluntarily give up bonuses worth $ 31 million after he resigned in the wake of a rate-rigging scandal , the bank said Tuesday . Diamond will still receive 12 months salary after his resignation last week , the bank said Tuesday . That 's # 1.35 million  about $ 2 million  , according to the bank 's annual report . It is twice as much as he is entitled to under his contract , which has a six-month notice period , bank chairman Marcus Agius said . Barclays will also pay Diamond 's legal bills if he faces criminal investigation , a source close to the bank told CNN Tuesday . The source asked not to be identified because of the sensitivity of the information . Agius , giving evidence to the Treasury Select Committee inquiry into the scandal , said Diamond 's decision was one which "  the board welcomes and I am glad he has done it . " In a statement , Agius said the board deeply regretted the circumstances that led to Diamond resigning from Barclays . "  Despite having no personal culpability , he recognizes more than anyone the negative attention that they have generated and has taken characteristically strong action to address that , " Agius said . Barclays ' reputation has been hammered by a scandal over the rates at which banks lend each other money . The rate , known as the London interbank offered rate , or Libor , is is set every morning by banks posting the rate at which they are willing to borrow with the British Bankers ' Association . The BBA publishes Libor as a result of this . The Libor affects how much interest ordinary people pay on everything from credit card debt to home mortgages and student loans . Barclays was fined $ 450 million by British and American regulators last month after admitted some of its trading desks purposely underreported its interest rates . Diamond said he hoped the decision on his pay and bonuses "  will help close this chapter and allow Barclays to move forward and prosper . " Agius ' evidence follows that of Bank of England 's deputy governor Paul Tucker Monday , in which he denied being pressured by politicians to ensure Libor rates were lowered . He also denied pressuring Barclays to lower its rates . Diamond last week said he was "  sorry , I 'm disappointed and I 'm angry " about the rate-fixing . "  This was wrong and I 'm not happy about it , but we put all the resources we could to make sure it was dealt with . " He said also "  this does n't represent the Barclays that I know and I love . " Diamond blamed the wrongdoing on 14 traders out of "  a couple thousand . " A report from the UK 's Financial Services Authority concluded the rate-fixing scandal was of the "  utmost seriousness . " Between 2005 and 2009 , when Diamond was in charge of the investment branch of Barclays bank , traders were influencing the pricing of rates which impact up to $ 800 trillion of securities . E-mails revealed as part of the rate-fixing investigation showed traders were seeking beneficial rates for their trading positions . During the credit crisis of 2007 and 2008 , Barclays ' high Libor postings came under scrutiny and the bank , concerned about "  unfounded negative perceptions , " lowered its Libor submissions , according to Barclays notes to the Treasury Committee . A host of other banks , including Deutsche Bank , Royal Bank of Scotland , Credit Suisse , Citigroup , JPMorgan Chase and UBS , are being investigated by regulators . Lawsuits have been filed against the banks in the United States , and are being prepared in the UK . CNN 's Jim Boulden , Irene Chapple , Richard Allen Greene and Nina dos Santos contributed to this report	NEW : Barclays will pay the legal bills of former chief Bob Diamond if necessary , a source says Chairman Marcus Agius is giving evidence on a rate-rigging scandal Agius says Barclays deeply regretted the circumstances that led to Diamond resigning Diamond will still receive a year 's salary , the bank says
CNN  Pope Francis reminded the world of the Vatican 's status as a state and his role as a moral diplomat in his traditional speech given at the end of Easter Mass. . The Pontiff lamented the suffering of people in the conflicts currently making headlines and called for violence everywhere to end . Foremost , he asked that bloodshed end in Iraq and Syria and that humanitarian aid get to those in need . "  May the international community not stand by before the immense humanitarian tragedy unfolding in these countries and the drama of the numerous refugees , " he said in his "  urbi et orbi " address , Latin for "  to the city  Rome  and to the world . " Then he turned to the Holy Land , expressing the wish that the peace process between Israelis and Palestinians resume . Francis mentioned Libya ; the nuclear talks with Iran in Lausanne , Switzerland ; Yemen ; Nigeria ; South Sudan ; and the shooting at the Garissa University College in Kenya . He also hoped for peace in Ukraine and for healing for those who have suffered there . The Pope turned to economic oppression : "  We ask for peace and freedom for the many men and women subject to old and new forms of enslavement on the part of criminal individuals and groups , " he said . He asked for peace from drug dealers , corrupt officials who collaborate with them , and arms dealers . Pope Francis ended the address consoling the marginalized , the poor , the sick and the suffering . And he wished all a happy Easter . CNN 's Annie Ramos contributed to this report .	The Pontiff laments the suffering of people in conflicts currently making headlines Foremost , he asks that bloodshed end in Iraq and Syria
CNN  -- It was a June day in 2000 . The Yankees were facing the Braves at Turner Field . I was on hand to profile one of Atlanta 's players for Sports Illustrated , but my cell phone rang , and a dreadful request followed . "  Supposedly Derek Jeter and Mariah Carey are dating , " my editor said . "  Can you go ask him about it ? " Glub . I was 27 years old , relatively new to the baseball beat . There are things I 'd have been willing to ask Jeter . Do you like cats ? What 's your favorite song on the new John Oates CD ? Have you ever been to Malta ? The one thing I did n't want to ask him about was his all-over-the-gossip-pages relationship with Mariah Carey . Alas , I needed to keep my job . I entered the Yankee clubhouse and immediately spotted Jeter , alone by his locker , changing into his uniform . I introduced myself . He nodded . "  Derek , " I said , "  I hate asking you this , and I 'm really embarrassed , but my editor insisted . He wanted me to approach you about Mariah Carey . " I expected Jeter to tell me to bug off . I expected Jeter to demand my removal from his space . I did not expect what ensued -- laughter . "  Listen , " he said , grinning , "  I understand you 're just doing your job . I really do . And I 'm not mad or irritated . But I 'm not going to comment , because it 's no one 's business but mine . Just because I play baseball does n't mean I have to tell everyone everything . My life is my life . " We shook hands , and I walked off -- content and relieved , but mostly impressed . Now , 14 years later , with Jeter announcing that the upcoming season will be his last , I remain impressed . Actually , scratch that . Really , when I think of Jeter , the classy Yankee shortstop whose 2019 Hall of Fame induction is a 100 % lock , the word that pops into my head is encouraged . Yes , I am encouraged . Derek Jeter , you see , does not have a Twitter account . He does not refer to himself in the third person or have his nickname tattooed across his back .  Come to think of it , he does n't really have a nickname .  He 's never gone out of his way to publicly humiliate an opponent or prop himself up with inane boasts of superiority . If the words "  I 'm the man " ever escaped his lips , they were surely followed by , " ... who ordered the pizza about 20 minutes ago . I decided to pick it up instead . Can I also grab a bottle of water and some napkins ? " Throughout the first 18 seasons of his career , Jeter has often been labeled "  dull " by the media . His answers to questions are unimaginative and full of cliché baseball nothingness blather . In hindsight , however , such lameness is almost to be admired . We live in an era where too many athletes feel as if they need to draw attention to themselves -- for confidence , for commercials . If you 're not tweeting trash talk , you 're texting trash talk . Or making bold promises . Or demanding money or respect . Jeter has both money and respect , byproducts of a dogged work ethic and a need to play with 100 % ferocity , health be damned . His 3,316 hits are the most in Yankee history , and his 256 home runs , 1,261 RBIs , 348 stolen bases and .312 lifetime batting average serve as odes to a continued brilliance . Most important , you never hear a bad word about the man . Back in 1997 , Sports Illustrated ran a cover story on the next generation of Major League shortstops . The piece highlighted the skills of Jeter , Seattle 's Alex Rodriguez , Toronto 's Alex Gonzalez , Florida 's Edgar Renteria and the Mets ' Rey Ordonez . The men were listed as near-equals , and writer Tom Verducci noted that , "  Not since 1941 have so many young shortstops arrived with this much potential . " Before long , however , things changed . Ordonez never learned to hit . Gonzalez was merely OK . Renteria spent many years in the game as a good but not especially great player . Rodriguez was doomed by accusations of doping . That left Jeter -- the most understated of the group , the most professional of the group . He will be remembered by many people for many things . Among Yankee fans , he 's grouped with Ruth , Gehrig , DiMaggio and Mantle as pinstriped royalty . Among Red Sox fans , he 's a thorn to the skull . Among Oakland fans , he 's a killer of dreams . To me , though , he 's a guy who merely wanted to be a guy . That 's what makes him exceptional . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeff Pearlman .	Years ago , reporter Jeff Pearlman asked Yankee Derek Jeter about dating Mariah Carey Pearlman : Jeter , who ' retiring , is classy baseball hero He says shortstop does n't self promote , his stellar record shows brilliance on field Pearlman : He 's at the top of heap for shortstops , but is just a guy who wants to be a guy
CNN  -- Life on Mars ? That 's the question facing the NASA team responsible for putting together the objectives for 2020 rover mission to Mars . "  We 're still on the quest to answer the grand question : Is there life somewhere else in the universe ? " John Grunsfeld , NASA 's associate administrator for science , told reporters Tuesday in a teleconference . Previous missions to Mars have found definitive signs that water once flowed in a crater and rock samples that show signs of clay minerals . "  We really needed to go back to the surface , and go to the next stage . ... Did Mars ever have life ? " Grunsfeld said as he previewed a 160-page report prepared by the Mars 2020 Science Definition Team , a group assembled by NASA to outline the objectives of the mission . The 2020 rover mission to Mars is considered essential to meeting President Barack Obama 's challenge to send a manned mission to the planet in the 2030s . Among the objectives of the 2020 rover mission will be the search for signs of life , the collection of samples to possibly be returned to Earth and testing technology that may allow for a manned mission to Mars . Astronauts would face high radiation on Mars trip "  We want to be able to seek signs of life : Had life been there , did it leave a mark ? " said Jack Mustard , a member of the development team and a chair and professor of geological sciences at Brown University . As part of the preparation for the mission , NASA plans to conduct an open competition . It is planned by NASA for the space technology and scientific instruments that will be carried by the rover and used in the mission , according to the report . In addition to the 2020 mission , NASA is scheduled to launch the Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution mission in November 2013 . That mission is set to explore the compounds of the Martian atmosphere , which scientists say will offer a glimpse into the planet 's climate and habitability . In 2016 , a collaboration between the European Space Agency and Russian Federal Space Agency is expected to launch an ExoMars Trace Gas Orbiter -- a mission to map methane and other gases on Mars . The European and Russian space agencies plan to launch the ExoMars rover in 2018 . "  What we have over the next 10 years is a very comprehensive series of international missions to Mars , " said Jim Green , director of NASA 's Planetary Science Division in Washington . Researchers : Newly found planets might support life	A 160-page report outlines the objectives of the 2020 Mars rover mission Chief among the mission 's goals is searching for signs of life , NASA says Previous missions have found definitive signs that water once flowed
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Nearly 27 years ago , amid a crowd of people in Central Park , Ruth Bendik 's wallet was stolen . The culprit is still at large , but the wallet has been found -- in the hollow trunk of a cherry tree . Nearly 27 years ago , amid a crowd of people in Central Park , Ruth Bendik 's wallet was stolen . The wallet was snatched on October 24 , 1982 , while Bendik , now 69 , was in Central Park watching the New York marathon . She went to greet runners at the end of the race and , "  when I got out of the crush of people , I realized my purse was much lighter , " Bendik told CNN . "  I was just so grateful not to have been harmed . " Last week , Josh Galiley , tree-care supervisor for the Central Park Conservancy , was chopping down a hazardous black cherry tree near Rumsey Playfield when he discovered her blue leather wallet in the trunk of the tree , which he estimates is around 65 years old and 50 feet high . "  I started poking in the soft stuff and this wallet turned up . Having been that low in the tree ... the location indicated it had been there for quite some time , " Galiley told CNN . The old wallet was a unique find , he said . "  When you 're cutting a tree and it 's hollow , you expect stuff inside , shreds of material , old marbles , really just knickknacks compared to this , " he said , "  Nothing with a story . ... We peeked in and there were dates from the early '80s . We figured this was different . " After the wallet was recovered , Galiley said , officials were careful to inform Bendik properly . "  We thought she may not want to relive it , " he said . Bendik sang praises for the individuals who returned her wallet , including detective Frank Irizarry , who helped track her down . "  The lengths they went to find me , the extent that they went through and the fact that they were concerned about my feelings really impressed me , " she said . The wallet still contained her old driver 's license and credit cards , she said , although $ 20 was missing . "  Twenty dollars was a lot of money then , " she said . After two decades , much more has changed . Referring to two of her old bank cards from Manufacturers Hanover Trust Bank and Banker 's Trust , Bendik said , "  I was shocked that both banks had closed . " But some things have n't changed . Bendik continues to have fond memories of Central Park . The Ohio native , who has lived in New York for 40 years , still describes the park as one of her favorite areas in the city . "  It 's a public place in an impersonal city , " she said , "  It brings everyone together in a pleasant way of reconnecting with nature and beauty . " Today , Bendik smiles at the idea of her wallet buried in a cherry tree in Central Park for nearly 30 years , and she 's happy to have it in her hands again . "  After all these years it 's still available as a time capsule of my life . "	Ruth Bendik 's wallet was snatched in 1982 during the New York marathon Worker found wallet while chopping down a black cherry tree in Central Park Wallet still contained driver 's license and credit cards , but $ 20 was missing
CNN  -- A second man has been charged with murder in the 2011 disappearance of Tennessee nursing student Holly Bobo . Other suspects can expect police to be "  on their doorstep " soon , Tennessee 's top investigator told reporters Tuesday . Jason Wayne Autry , who is already in prison for an unrelated assault conviction , was indicted on especially aggravated kidnapping and first-degree murder charges by a special grand jury Tuesday , Tennessee Bureau of Investigation Director Mark Gwyn said at a news conference in Decaturville Tuesday afternoon . Autry , 39 , was a longtime friend of Zachary Adams , 29 , who was indicted last month on the same kidnapping and murder charges , Gwyn said . Autry , from Holladay , Tennessee , has a lengthy criminal history , he said . Bobo was 20 when she was last seen on April 13 , 2011 . Her brother told authorities he saw a man in camouflage leading her away from their home in the small town of Darden , Tennessee . Information from "  several witnesses " led to charges against Autry , Gwyn said . Investigators "  believe there are more people with information and possible involvement , " Gwyn said . He told reporters to "  expect more announcements in the coming days and weeks . " "  These individuals know who they are , and I 'm sure they are watching , and they can expect us to be on their doorstep pretty soon , " Gwyn said . Although Gwyn has previously declined to say whether any remains have been found , he acknowledged Tuesday that her body has not been located . Investigators are "  doing everything we can to try to get  her family  some closure " by finding Bobo 's body , Gwyn said . The Bobo case rocked the largely rural swath of central Tennessee , from those who knew the young woman to others who rallied behind the effort to find her . Hundreds of volunteers -- some on horseback and foot , others on all-terrain vehicles -- turned out to hunt for clues in Decatur , Henderson , Henry , Carroll and Benton counties . Many more attended memorial services or offered supportive thoughts online via groups on Facebook . More than $ 450,000 has been offered in reward money .	Other suspects can expect police "  on their doorstep " soon , top investigator says Suspect Jason Wayne Autry is already in prison for an unrelated assault conviction Autry is a longtime friend of suspect Zachary Adams , who was indicted last month Bobo 's body has not been found 3 years after her disappearance
CNN  For the fifth year in a row in 2014 , ambush attacks on police officers were the No. 1 cause of felonious deaths of law enforcement officers in the line of duty . Nevertheless , Google continues to market a smartphone application that lets lawbreakers pinpoint the location of police officers in the field . Google 's executives wo n't even discuss the subject with organizations representing law enforcement . Google 's popular real-time traffic app , Waze , uses GPS navigation and crowdsourcing to alert users to traffic jams , automobile accidents , stalled cars , and through its "  traffic cop " feature , the presence of law enforcement . Most people undoubtedly use Waze 's police-finding feature to avoid traffic tickets , but the app poses an enormous risk to deputies and police officers . In the days before he assassinated New York police officers Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu at point blank range while they sat in their patrol car last December , Ismaaiyl Brinsley is known to have used the Waze application to monitor the movements of police officers . The killer identified the location of police on his own Waze account and even posted screen captures to Instagram . While Google  which acquired Waze in 2013 for a reported $ 1.1 billion  claims the app "  is all about contributing to the ` common good ' out there on the road , " the risks far outweigh the potential benefits . Every day , thousands of police officers and deputies enforce traffic laws , execute arrest and search warrants , investigate domestic violence complaints and perform countless tasks that are needed to keep our neighborhoods safe and remove criminals from the streets . It takes just a couple of clicks on Waze 's "  traffic cop " icon to identify their locations and indicate whether -- in the opinion of the anonymous user -- the officer is "  visible " or "  invisible . " At that moment , the officer or deputy becomes an identifiable target whose whereabouts are available to any one of Waze 's 50 million users worldwide . Social media has made enormous contributions to law enforcement as a "  force multiplier " that lets citizens help police protect our communities . As we have seen with the emergence of crimes like identity theft , however , technology has the potential for evil as well as good . In the case of Waze , we are confronted with a tool that can be lethal to police officers and deputies , whose roles in society are to protect our citizens and enforce the laws that keep our communities safe . Google , whose stated mission is "  to organize the world 's information and make it universally accessible and useful , " is now marketing an app with the potential to obstruct law enforcement and put the lives of police officers and deputies at risk . Even the more benign uses of Waze 's "  traffic cop " feature are concerning . In 2013 , 10,076 people were killed in alcohol-related automobile accidents . And in 2011 , 9,944 people lost their lives in speed-related fatal crashes . Is the highest , best use of Google 's geo-mapping and crowdsourcing capabilities to help drunk drivers avoid checkpoints and give speeders assistance in evading speed limits ? It 's not just the speeders and drunk drivers who have access to the locations of police officers through Google 's technology . Perpetrators of domestic violence can use it to find out about the presence of law enforcement in a spouse 's neighborhood ; gang members , narcotics dealers , even those intent on perpetrating an act of terror , all have access to Waze 's "  traffic cop " feature . Google has built a solid reputation as a good corporate neighbor , tying for first place in a 2013 study by the Reputation Institute measuring companies ' reputations for corporate social responsibility . The company makes much of its compliance with legal , moral and ethical obligations as a good corporate neighbor . But when it comes to Waze , Google has gone into a defensive crouch . The company 's executives flat out refused to discuss the subject with representatives of the National Sheriffs ' Association , an organization representing more than 3,000 sheriff 's offices across the United States . The refusal of Google 's executives to even dignify our concerns by meeting with us offends our conscience . If Google 's real objective is the "  common good out there on the road , " it will work with us to ensure the safety of both motorists and police officers . The goals are not mutually exclusive : we can have both .	David A. Clarke Jr. and Jonathan Thompson : Why does Google have an app that ambushes police ? With Waze , we are confronted with a tool that can be lethal to police officers and deputies
CNN  -- Medical tourism is one of the hottest topics in health care as patients around the world are increasingly traveling abroad for treatment . Wockhardt Hospitals in India actively target international patients . Josef Woodman , author of Patients Beyond Borders , a guide to medical tourism , told CNN that two to three million people travel outside their home country for treatment each year , while consultancy firm Deloitte calculates that 750,000 Americans traveled abroad for treatment last year . The top regional destination for medical tourists is Asia , with Singapore , Thailand and India leading the way . Those countries are home to private health care chains that target international patients and are building modern , high-tech hospitals with a reputation for quality care . See more medical tourism hotspots " Bumrungrad International Limited  BIL  , based in Thailand , owns and operates over 70 health care facilities in seven countries . According to BIL , its Bangkok flagship hospital treats over 400,000 foreign patients a year , with over 90,000 coming from the Middle East . Parkway Health , a Singaporean hospital chain , says the city of Singapore attracted approximately 450,000 international patients last year , and in India , the Apollo Hospitals Group says it has treated more than 60,000 foreign patients in the last five years . What these chains have in common is that at least some of their hospitals are accredited by Joint Commission International  JCI  , the global arm of an American nonprofit organization that accredits most U.S. hospitals . That provides overseas patients with the assurance that their treatment will be of an internationally recognized standard . Dr. Ajaya Jha , director of neuroscience at Max Hospital in New Delhi , told CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta that medical tourism to India was being driven by a lack of available health care in neighboring countries , and by the lower cost of treatment in India compared with developed countries . "  Slowly we 're developing a reputation for having the best technology in the world and some of best people in the world to do this , " said Jha . For uninsured or underinsured Americans , low prices make treatment in Asia an attractive option . Surgery in Thailand and Latin America can cost a quarter of its U.S. price , and JCI-accredited Wockhardt Hospitals offer open heart surgery in India for $ 8,500 , compared to around $ 100,000 in the U.S. and $ 28,000 in the UK . In countries with state-run health services , such as Britain and Canada , long waiting times for surgery are encouraging patients to look overseas for a cheaper alternative to private treatment in their own country . Would you travel abroad for medical treatment ? Share your views in the SoundOff below But contrary to the popular view of patients traveling from wealthy nations to developing countries for cheap medical care , a recent survey by consultancy firm McKinsey found that most medical tourists travel in search of advanced medical technologies or to receive better care than they would at home . Woodman says 250,000 Indonesians are treated in Singapore each year , while Cambodian and Vietnamese resident choose Thailand for treatment and patients from the Middle East favor Singapore and Thailand . While medical tourism is targeted as a growth industry in some developing countries , there is concern that it will result in a "  brain drain , " where doctors migrate from public hospitals to private hospitals that cater to international patients . South Korea recently limited foreign patients to no more than five percent of its hospital beds , to ensure domestic patients do not lose out . Woodman says the "  brain drain " is n't an issue in India , because there are so many talented surgeons and physicians there in the public and private sector . He adds that developing countries can benefit from medical tourism . "  The presence of medical tourism brings a lot of economic clout into a country and raises the bar by forcing at least certain hospitals to rise to the top standards of healthcare , " he told CNN . While the bulk of medical tourism is for private care , there is a move towards a kind of state-funded medical tourism within the EU . Rulings by the European Court of Justice in recent years have verified the right of all EU citizens to receive healthcare in another member state , paid for by their own country 's health system . Diane Dawson , a senior research fellow at the Center for Health Economics at York University , England , told CNN that patients can only take advantage of this if their own country can not provide treatment without "  undue delay . " That limitation , as well as the difficulty in getting authorization from their own national health system , means that relatively few patients currently travel within the EU for treatment , she said . But an EU draft directive published last year aims to make the approval process easier and more transparent . Keith Pollard , director of British Web site Treatment Abroad , told CNN that the new directive will mean patients will be able to receive treatment abroad regardless of waiting times in their own country . But patients will only be reimbursed up to the amount their treatment costs in their home country and they will probably still require some degree of approval from their own health system . Pollard says that while he does n't foresee a boom in medical tourism within the EU , he believes the new legislation will encourage patients to seek treatment abroad and help create a European health care market .	Two to three million people travel abroad for medical treatment each year Leading destinations for medical tourists include Singapore and Thailand Surgery at a top hospital in India can cost one-tenth of its U.S. price An EU draft directive could lead to increased medical travel within the EU
CNN  -- The pastor of a Florida church says his congregation has decided to call off the burning of the Quran that was to be held Saturday -- the ninth anniversary of the September 11 , 2001 attack on the United States by the al Qaeda terror network . "  We will definitely not burn the Quran , " the Rev. Terry Jones told NBC 's "  Today " on Saturday "  Not today , not ever . " The burning had been planned for 6 p.m. Jones arrived in New York late Friday night and was working to set up a meeting with the imam in charge of the Islamic center planned near ground zero . The planned meeting , Jones had said , helped persuade him to halt the burning . Earlier Friday , Jones gave mixed messages about whether he intends to carry out his plans , which have sparked international controversy and protests in the Muslim world . U.S. military leaders said the event would imperil the lives of troops abroad . President Obama said Friday that the idea that "  we would burn the sacred texts of someone else 's religion is contrary to what this country stands for . " He said he hopes Jones "  prays on it " and refrains from doing it . The government has to send a "  very clear message " that burning the Quran would endanger U.S. troops and serve as a major recruiting tool for al Qaeda , Obama added . On Saturday , New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said police met with Jones and plan to keep a "  close tab on him " for his own safety . "  His safety could be an issue , and we emphasized that to him last evening . And , he seemed to agree . You know . We would like to make certain that he remains safe while he 's in this city . "	Jones arrived in New York on Friday night He wants to meet with imam heading Islamic center plan The planned Quran burning sparked international condemnations
What 's worse than 7 feet of snow piled up in front of your house ? How about the flooding that comes once those 7 feet of snow melt ? That 's exactly what some Buffalonians will grapple with when temperatures Monday warm up to around 60 degrees . Swift-water rescue teams and helicopters are already on standby in western New York in case anyone gets caught in a deluge . New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said residents should n't wait until the last minute to evacuate if they think their homes will get inundated . He advised such homeowners to clear their basements of valuables . The governor said dealing with flooding is worse than the snow . "  It 's not water , " Cuomo said . "  It 's a toxic brew . It has sewage in it ; it has runoff in it . " State officials have beefed up stockpiles of generators and pumps and prepared almost 180,000 sandbags . After last week 's nationwide bout with frigid weather , Buffalo temperatures could reach as 60 on Monday , according to the National Weather Service . Freezing temperatures are not expected again until Tuesday night . "  At least 3 feet of snow has melted so far , " Dawn Buck of Depew , New York , told CNN 's iReport on Sunday afternoon . But Erie County spokesman Benjamin Swanekamp said so far , the snow has been melting at a "  relatively even pace . " "  The pace of the melting and the lack of additional rain has kept it manageable , " Swanekamp said late Sunday night . About 700,000 people are under a flood warning until Wednesday , CNN meteorologist Pedram Javaheri said . Officials have been moving pumps into neighborhoods and sandbags near creeks . So far , the county has n't received reports of major flooding . But Cuomo has asked residents to clean out storm drains in front of their houses "  so the water has some place to go . " Collapsing roofs There 's also the threat of more building collapses as all the rain saturates the snow on the tops of buildings , making the load even heavier . Several dozen roofs have already collapsed from just the weight of the snow , Erie County officials said . While most of the fallen buildings were unoccupied , Swanekamp said , a roof collapse at a dairy barn roof killed 25 cattle Cuomo said structural engineers will examine schools and other government buildings that might be in danger of roof collapses . He said most state government offices will reopen Monday . Nasty winds too The National Weather Service in Buffalo issued a high wind warning from Monday afternoon until early Tuesday morning . High wind warnings are issued when sustained winds of at least 40 miles per hour are expected for at least an hour , with gusts of at least 58 mph at any time . The winds could topple trees and power lines , officials said . And with ongoing snow melt , the saturated ground will make it easier for some trees to come down . ` City of Good Neighbors ' Anthony Marchioli of Buffalo was so bored that he rented a small snow tractor to clear driveways on his street , CNN affiliate WKBW reported . On the way back from the rental company , he saw his pregnant wife standing in the street outside their house . Her water had broken . So Marchioli put her on the tractor and pushed through whiteout snow to Mercy Hospital , WKBW said . Eleven hours later , the couple 's third daughter was born . Her name : Loxley Storm Marchioli . And despite the intimidating heaps of snow , strangers came to help any way they could . Erica Bartoe of Hamburg , New York , told CNN 's iReport from Hamburg , New York that people had come to her town from other areas to help shovel snow and drop off donations . "  Buffalo is called the City of Good Neighbors for a reason , " she said . "  There were people everywhere helping out . "	The Buffalo area braces for flooding and brutal winds that could knock down power lines Be ready to evacuate , Gov. Andrew Cuomo tells people at risk for flooding "  It 's not water , " Cuomo says . "  It 's a toxic brew . It has sewage in it ; it has runoff in it . " Strangers are coming to help clear some of the mammoth snowfall
CNN  -- The Colorado couple who said their 6-year-old son was aboard an escaped balloon pleaded guilty Friday to charges related to the well-publicized "  balloon boy " case . Richard Heene pleaded guilty in Larimer County Court to a felony charge of attempting to influence a public servant . His wife , Mayumi Heene , pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor charge of false reporting to authorities . The Heenes ' attorneys said prosecutors had agreed to a sentence of probation with the possibility of up to 90 days in jail for Richard Heene and up to 60 days in jail for his wife . The incident occurred in October , when a large silver balloon came loose from its moorings in the Heenes ' yard and drifted over eastern Colorado . Mayumi Heene called 911 and said the couple 's 6-year-old son , Falcon , was inside the craft . Millions of people across the country watched the saga on television for nearly two hours as military aircraft tracked the balloon in the air and rescuers chased it below . Mayumi Heene later admitted the whole thing was a hoax and that Falcon was safe in their home the whole time , authorities said . Watch the moment the hoax was revealed The couple 's attorneys have said that the threat of Mayumi Heene 's deportation was a factor in the plea deal negotiations . Mayumi Heene is a Japanese citizen but is in the United States legally . "  Even though Mr. Heene would have a triable case , I believe , to avoid the risk that his wife is deported ... we have decided that the best course of action is to proceed as we are proceeding , " Richard Heene 's lawyer , David Lane , said Friday . The judge is allowing the Heenes to leave the state while they remain on bond . Lane said Richard Heene is going to seek employment in New York and also has plans to go to California . Mayumi Heene 's attorney said she may accompany him on those trips . Sentencing will be next month . Court documents released last month said the couple hatched the plan about two weeks before the incident and "  instructed their three children to lie to authorities as well as the media regarding this hoax . " Their motive ? To "  make the Heene family more marketable for future media interests , " the documents said .	NEW : Mayumi Heene pleads guilty to misdemeanor charge of false reporting to authorities Richard Heene pleads guilty to charge of attempting to influence a public servant Prosecutors agree to probation with possibility of jail time , attorneys say Millions of people watched the saga on television for nearly two hours
CNN  -- Perhaps there are still some people asking , "  Craig Ferguson who ? " Too bad . They 've been missing something special . The "  Late Late Show " host shuffles off the stage Friday having hosted an eccentric decade of shows , a program that was often under the radar but always quietly , distinctively ... Craig Ferguson . Put aside the deliberately absurd characters like Secretariat and Geoff the Robot , or the award of a Golden Mouth Organ to guests who knew how to play the harmonica , or the silly theme song . Every talk show has its shtick . What made Ferguson 's talk show so different from the others was his determination to go off-script . Not since the heyday of Dick Cavett , or maybe even Jack Paar , had a network host so willingly put himself on the high wire . Ferguson 's chops were most obvious right at the beginning of the show , when he did his loose , unstructured monologue . Sometimes he fell flat . Other times he was positively riveting , as when he eulogized his father and mother or gleefully announced his newly gained American citizenship . Or , particularly , the 2007 night he spent more than 12 minutes discussing his alcoholism . Ferguson had no truck with the "  late-night wars " -- he was friendly with Jimmy Fallon and Conan O'Brien , and Jay Leno will be on his final show -- and he was willing to follow his guests wherever they took him . He started interviews by ripping up the blue cards other hosts depend on , and if his guests wanted to talk about religion and existence -- like Stephen Fry , who was the only guest one night in 2013 -- or nothing in particular -- like frequent visitor Kristen Bell -- he just went along with it . He even credited a guest , Desmond Tutu , with leading him to leave the show , in the best possible way . "  Desmond Tutu saying ` Be as authentically crazy as you are . ' It was kind of like God saying ` Just be as crazy as you like . ' I felt weirdly released by that , " he told an audience Monday at Los Angeles ' Paley Center . "  Then , ultimately , that leads to me not doing the show . " It 's a typically unpredictable finish for an unpredictable performer . But then , Ferguson has often surprised . Little was expected of a guy formerly known as Mr. Wick on "  The Drew Carey Show , " but Ferguson cut his teeth in Edinburgh 's fringe scene , notably as a character named "  Bing Hitler . " He had range and smarts . Fergusonian tangent : Ferguson was also a punk rock drummer , and the singer in his band was Peter Capaldi . Capaldi is now known as Doctor Who but -- for discerning fans -- is the scathingly profane Malcolm Tucker of "  The Thick of It . " Ferguson , of course , did a whole show pegged to "  Doctor Who " just because he wanted to . David Letterman , the "  Late Late Show 's " producer and the man Ferguson called "  boss , " knew he had something special . "  His show was unlike any other late night show , and I 'm telling you , to be unique in the world of television -- virtually impossible , " Letterman said when Ferguson made his announcement . British actor James Corden will take over in March . At the Paley event , Ferguson told him not to worry . "  I 've set the bar very low , " he said . Not true . It 's more like he set the bar on the other side of the room and then limboed under it , did pull-ups with it and threw it like a javelin , letting it land where it may . Ferguson has been quiet about his future . He 's been hosting "  Celebrity Name Game , " a syndicated game show , but it seems like there 's room for something a little crazier , a little more unusual . Who knows what tomorrow may bring ? After all , tomorrow 's just a future yesterday .	Craig Ferguson 's final "  Late Late Show " is Friday Ferguson has been unusual host , letting his show wander He 's also been forthright and honest in his monologues
Washington  CNN  -- Mitt Romney spent the presidential primary campaign trying to convince conservatives of his right-wing credibility on immigration issues . He labeled rivals Newt Gingrich and Texas Gov. Rick Perry as soft on illegal immigrants for suggesting some leniency for specific categories , such as students or long-time community members . He rejected the DREAM Act that would provide a pathway to citizenship for some young illegal immigrants . He called part of Arizona 's controversial immigration law a model for the rest of the country . Now Romney 's stance of a few months back is under scrutiny as the certain Republican presidential nominee seeks support from the mainstream electorate , including the increasingly significant Hispanic population . President Barack Obama 's recent move to halt deportations of some DREAM Act-eligible immigrants and Monday 's Supreme Court ruling against key provisions of the Arizona law brought fresh attention to immigration issues , causing obvious discomfort in the Romney camp . Analysis : Five things we learned from Supreme Court ruling The situation requires a delicate political dance , and so far , the former Massachusetts governor has appeared determined to sit this one out as much as possible . At a campaign event Tuesday , Romney touched on the topic by faulting Obama for failing to enact comprehensive immigration reform , which he said created a "  muddle " that Arizona tried to address with its own law . Romney said Monday that he supported state-based solutions , noting the Supreme Court ruling in the Arizona case went in the other direction , and he promised broad immigration reform if elected president . However , he provided no details , leaving his surrogates to struggle with interviewers pushing for specifics on Romney 's immigration policies . Mitch McConnell , the normally tough-talking Senate Republican leader from Kentucky , sounded subdued Tuesday when asked by reporters about his stance on the Obama administration 's halt in some deportations . "  Discussions are underway both inside the Republican conference and with the  Romney  campaign about that issue , " McConnell replied , adding that Obama 's move had put the topic on the "  front burner . " He then turned the microphone over to a GOP colleague . The day before , Romney spokesman Rick Gorka repeatedly stuck to noncommittal responses when grilled for several minutes about the candidate 's stance on a controversial provision in the Arizona law requiring police to check the immigration status of crime suspects . Such equivocation concerns Republicans seeking more leadership from Romney on an issue that resonates with Latino voters . "  I 'm getting increasingly frustrated as a Republican Hispanic not seeing him engage , " said Ana Navarro , a Republican strategist and CNN contributor . Obama 's failure to deliver on immigration reform in his first term leaves the president vulnerable , Navarro argued Monday night on CNN , but only if "  Romney puts on the gloves and engages . " Immigration reform : Back to square one "  For some reason , he 's been unwilling to do so , " Navarro continued , noting Romney "  dug himself into a hole during the primaries . He 's got to proactively dig himself out of that hole . Telling us that Obama is bad is not enough . He 's got to tell us that he 's good and what his plan is . " Republican Rep. Ben Quayle of Arizona also advised Romney to be more aggressive , saying the candidate should challenge the Obama administration 's failure to fully enforce existing immigration laws by halting some deportations and other steps . "  Gov. Romney should be up and talking about this and really hammering it home , saying , ` Look , we 're a nation of laws , we need to enforce our laws , and we ca n't let the president go around Congress and disregard how our legislative process is supposed to work , ' " Quayle told Fox News on Monday night . To Democrats , Romney painted himself into a corner by embracing conservative immigration policies in the primaries to court the political right wing . "  He can not hug and kiss the tea party and then try to hug and kiss the Latino community , " former White House adviser Van Jones told CNN Monday night . "  That 's why he 's hiding . " The Arizona case illustrated the differences between the candidates , Jones said . "  What Alabama was to black folks in the last century , Arizona has now become " for Hispanics , said Jones , who is African-American . "  This president is clear . He does not agree with the direction of Arizona . Where is Mitt Romney ? Mitt Romney is being a profile in cowardice . And he 's losing Latinos now on both sides of the aisle over his cowardice . " Wendy Schiller , a political science professor at Brown University , cited the stark differences between Obama 's immigration move versus conservative ideology that opposes any leniency for illegal immigrants . "  The Republicans ca n't win by attacking this policy because they 're attacking people who are innocent of any crime -- just being with their parents , " Schiller said last week about the administration 's halt in deporting some young immigrants who came to America as children and were good students or served in the military . "  How can you support a policy that would break up families ? You ca n't . " Obama , meanwhile , took a "  major , major step toward cementing the bond between the Latino community and the Democratic Party in an active way " by stopping the deportations , according to Schiller . "  This could be the single act by Obama that brings Latinos to the polls in record numbers in 2012 , " she said . Navarro , however , said an Obama victory in November would not automatically mean further immigration reforms . "  Obama 's going to come in , if he wins a second term , as a lame-duck president from day one into a Congress that is now a poisoned well " because of his unilateral move to halt some deportations , she said . "  We have got one candidate , Barack Obama , who makes big promises , talks real pretty , and then does n't deliver , " Navarro added . "  And then we have got another candidate who talks without saying anything and really not making any specific promises . So for Latinos , it 's not much of a choice . " CNN 's Jim Acosta and Rachel Streitfeld contributed to this report	Mitt Romney and his surrogates offer few specifics on immigration policies President Obama and the Supreme Court focus attention on immigration issues Romney 's conservative stance in the primaries is problematic now , observers say Tell us your plan , a Latino GOP strategist urges the candidate
In an unexpected move , Pope Benedict XVI -- born Joseph Ratzinger -- has announced that he is to resign . Benedict was elected pope in 2005 after the death of Pope John Paul II . We explore what the surprise announcement means for the Catholic Church . Why has Pope Benedict XVI resigned ? In his statement , Pope Benedict -- who turns 86 in April -- said he had come to the certainty "  that my strengths , due to an advanced age , are no longer suited to an adequate exercise of the Petrine ministry . " Vatican spokesman the Rev. Federico Lombardi said Pope Benedict had the right and potentially the duty to resign . But he stressed that the pope 's decision was not because of any external pressure . Read more : Pope Benedict to resign at the end of the month Is the pope in poor health ? Lombardi told reporters the pope was not unwell . "  There is n't any disease specifically -- it 's all to do with deterioration and weakness in his body , as the holy pontiff has said in his statement , " he said . Lombardi said the battery in the pope 's pacemaker -- which he has had since he was a cardinal -- had been replaced in the last few months , but he stressed that it was a routine procedure . When will he step down ? The pope said that he would step down at 8:00 p.m. on February 28 , Rome time . Lombardi said as far has he knew , the day was "  just an ordinary day " without particular significance but that Pope Benedict might have chosen it to ensure a new pope was in place for Easter . He said he understood the pope usually finished his working day at 8:00 p.m. which was why he had chosen that specific hour to step down . Could the next pope be from Africa or Latin America ? Is it normal for popes to resign ? It is the first time a pope has resigned in nearly 600 years . The last pope to resign was Pope Gregory XII in 1415 . He stepped down to end the "  Great Western Schism " -- during which there were rival claims to the papal throne . In 1294 , Pope Celestine V resigned after only five months , preferring the simple life of a monk to the majesty of being pope . According to the National Catholic Weekly , modern popes have felt that resignation is unacceptable and could encourage factions within the church to pressure pontiffs to step down . Canon law states that a resignation must be made freely and properly manifested and that the pope resigning must be of sound mind . Read more : Who is Pope Benedict XVI ? When will the next pope be elected ? A meeting of the College of Cardinals to elect the next pope will be held . The gathering is known as a "  conclave . " Vatican spokesman Federico Lombardi said there would be elections some time in March and he anticipated that there would be a new pope before Easter . Lombardi said Vatican scholars were studying the constitution to determine exactly when the conclave would begin . What is the election process ? By law , the conclave begins in the Sistine Chapel . On that morning , the cardinals will celebrate the Votive Mass , "  Pro Eligendo Papa . " That afternoon , the cardinals begin the election process . The cardinals draw lots to select three members to collect ballots from the infirm , three "  tellers " to count the votes and three others to review the results . Blank ballots are then prepared and distributed . The ballots are rectangular in shape and must bear in the upper half , in print if possible , the words "  Eligo in Summum Pontificem , " meaning "  I elect as supreme pontiff . " The electors write the name of the candidate on the lower half and fold it in two . After writing the name of one man on his ballot , each of the active cardinals -- those under 80 years of age -- walks to an altar in order of seniority and pledges to perform his duty with integrity . Each cardinal then places a folded ballot containing his choice onto a small disc made of precious metal and drop it inside a chalice . After all votes are cast , the tellers tally the ballots and the result is read to the cardinals . If a cardinal receives two-thirds plus one of the votes , he is the new pontiff . If there is no winner , another vote is taken . If there is still no winner , two more votes are scheduled for the afternoon . How is the result of the vote broadcast ? After the votes are counted each time , the ballots are burned . If there has been no winner , a chemical is mixed with the ballots to produce black smoke when they are burned . Sight of the black smoke emerging from the roof of the Vatican Palace tells those waiting in St. Peter 's Square that a pope has not yet been selected . When a winner has been selected , the ballots are burned alone , and the white smoke indicates there is a new pope . What do you think of the Pope 's decision ? What will the pope do until he officially steps down ? Lombardi said the pope 's appointments up until the end of February -- including audiences with the presidents of Romania and Guatemala -- had been confirmed . On February 27 , the pope 's last general audience will take place . Lombardi said the Vatican was trying to arrange for it to be held in St Peter 's square so that more people could attend and "  to make it a sort of tribute to the holy pontiff . " What will Pope Benedict do after his resignation ? Lombardi said it was expected that Pope Benedict would devote his time to reflection and prayer . In his statement , Benedict said he wished "  to also devotedly serve the Holy Church of God in the future through a life dedicated to prayer . " Lombardi said he did n't expect the pope to be given any other duty , given his age , and he said Benedict would no longer be involved in decision making or administrative duties . Pope Benedict was "  very discreet " and was "  not someone who will interfere " or create issues in terms of his successor , he said . Where will the former pope live ? After he steps down , Benedict will move to the pope 's summer residence , Castel Gandolfo . At a later date he will move into in a monastery at the Vatican . The monastery has recently been renovated and extended to include a small chapel . What will Pope Benedict be known as once he has stepped down as pope ? According to the Catholic Bishops ' Conference of England and Wales , Pope Benedict will return to being known as Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger . It said he would be addressed as his eminence or Cardinal Ratzinger . However , Lombardi later told reporters it was hard to imagine that the pope would be called a cardinal . Surprising standards for the next Catholic leader	Pope Benedict XVI has announced he is stepping down on February 28 The last pope to resign was Pope Gregory XII in 1415 to end the Great Western Schism Vatican spokesman Federico Lombardi says a conclave will elect a new pontiff in March Lombardi says the Vatican expects a new pope to be in place by Easter
Morgan City , Louisiana  CNN  -- Residents in Louisiana 's Atchafalaya River basin packed up treasured possessions and scrambled to build makeshift levees Monday as federal authorities diverted more water their way from the swollen Mississippi . "  We just moved in here , and now we 're in the process of moving everything out , " said Jake Nolan , of the town of Krotz Springs . But he added , "  I have no choice . If not , I 'm going to lose everything . " Krotz Springs , with a population of about 1,300 , is now in the path of hundreds of thousands of gallons of water now entering the Atchafalaya basin every second since the weekend opening of the Mississippi 's Morganza Spillway . The controlled release succeeded in dropping projected flood levels for New Orleans and Baton Rouge -- but that was little consolation to those living along the Atchafalaya , which parallels the Mississippi through southern Louisiana . "  Hope you appreciate this Baton Rouge . You 're welcome , " read one sign posted outside a home in the path of the flooding . Signs of resilience in flooded lowlands In Krotz Springs , about 20 miles from the spillway , Mayor Carroll Snyder told CNN that workers are scrambling to put together a temporary levee to protect about 240 homes on the south side of town . "  They 're not happy with it , but it 's something that we 've been knowing for quite some time -- that it was inevitable , that it would have to be opened , " Snyder said . "  They 've come to deal with it . " And in Butte La Rose , about 20 miles further south , St. Martin Parish President Guy Cormier said about three-quarters of his constituents ' homes are expected to suffer water damage after the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers opened the spillway on Saturday . "  It 's a slow , painful rise , but it is rising just a little bit every night , " Cormier told CNN . The diversion will drain water from the Mississippi through the Atchafalaya basin to the Gulf of Mexico at Morgan City . Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal offered at least a ray of hope to his state 's residents on Monday , saying the decision to open the spillway has lowered crest projections in parts of the state . Scared evacuees flee homes Just as important , river observations now suggest the Corps may need to divert less water from the spillway than initially thought , he said . But based on historical estimates , damages to agriculture alone in Louisiana could total $ 300 million , Jindal said . The Corps of Engineers opened two gates in the Morganza Spillway on Saturday , the first release from the facility since 1973 . By Monday night , 15 of the structure 's 125 bays had been opened , divertnig about 102,000 cubic feet  763,000 gallons  of water per second , Corps spokeswoman Rachel Rodi told CNN . The plan is eventually to open about a quarter of the spillway , according to the agency . In Morgan City , the rising Atchafalaya was already lapping at a downtown riverwalk Monday evening . Mike Stack , a Corps of Engineers spokesman , told CNN 's "  John King USA " that 20,000 to 25,000 homes could be flooded , but the agency and Louisiana authorities are working to limit the damage . "  The system is under tremendous pressure , and it will be for a long time , so our key concern is making sure that we 're vigilant , " Stack said . "  We 're out there on the system , making sure the system stays intact while we 're still working with the communities to try to help with the flooding . " Your guide to flooding terms Officials say the spillway 's gates are likely to be open for weeks , and it will be weeks before the river falls below flood stage and those who have evacuated can safely return . The flood is the most significant to hit the lower Mississippi River valley since at least 1937 and has so far affected nine states : Missouri , Illinois , Kentucky , Tennessee , Ohio , Indiana , Arkansas , Louisiana and Mississippi . Across the South and lower Midwest , floodwaters have already covered about 3 million acres of farmland , eroding for many farmers what could have been a profitable year for corn , wheat , rice and cotton , officials said . As many as 22 cities and communities where river levels are monitored by the U.S. government remain flooded , some of them weeks after both the Mississippi and Ohio rivers climbed out of their banks . A near-record crest on the Mississippi is forecast in Greenville , Mississippi , early Tuesday , followed through the weekend by record crests in Vicksburg and Natchez , Mississippi ; Red River Landing , Louisiana , and Baton Rouge , according to the National Weather Service . In Greenville , more than 200 miles north of the spillway , the river was just short of its projected crest of 64.3 feet at noon Monday , according to the Weather Service . That was more than 16 feet over flood stage and less than a foot below the peak of the historic flood of 1927 . In Natchez , the river is expected to rise five feet above the 1927 record of 58 feet , weather service forecasts show . The predicted crest is 15 feet above flood stage , and the Coast Guard has closed the river to navigation along a 15-mile stretch near the city , Cmdr. Mark Moland said Monday . High water has already chased members of the U.S. Coast Guard stationed in Natchez from their offices , Chief Boatswain 's Mate Bo Smith said . The 16 people stationed there are currently working aboard the USCG Cutter Greenbriar , Smith said . The weather service predicted the Mississippi River will crest at 45 feet in Baton Rouge , the Louisiana capital , on Tuesday . That is 2.5 feet lower and six days earlier than the weather service had forecast prior to the opening of the Morganza spillway . On Monday , it was 44.6 feet . In New Orleans , the river on Monday was already cresting at 17 feet , one week earlier and more than two feet lower than previously projected by the National Weather Service . It is also four feet lower than the historic level recorded in New Orleans in 1922 . But six days after the Mississippi River crested at Memphis , Tennessee , the water remains 11 feet above flood stage , according to the National Weather Service . President Barack Obama spent about 35 minutes privately speaking with flood victims and responders during a visit to Memphis on Monday , according to Press Secretary Jay Carney . CNN 's Ed Lavandera , Martin Savidge , Justin Lear , Jacqui Jeras , Mary Grace Lucas , Ashley Hayes and Ben Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : 15 of 125 Morganza Spillway gates are now open Residents scramble to protect homes in the Atchafalaya Basin Areas of Louisiana lowlands are being flooded to spare New Orleans and Baton Rouge "  We just moved in here , now we 're ... moving everything out , resident says
San Diego , California  CNN  -- My son has a new video game , and I have a new problem . I want him to clean his room , and I tell him that he can do it when the game is over . My problem is that , as he informed me recently , this game is never over . It just keeps going on to new levels , with new challenges . It never ends . That reminds me of the immigration debate . In the vortex of New York and Washington , pundits and policy makers are once again dangling the possibility that Congress could pass immigration reform soon . Yeah . That wo n't happen . We 've been hearing that immigration reform is around the corner at various times over the years , since George W. Bush kicked off this debate in September 2001 when he welcomed then-Mexican President Vicente Fox to the White House for a state dinner and the leaders announced that their countries would seek an accord to match workers with employers . A dozen years later , we 're still haggling over legalizing the undocumented -- and much more . But guess what ? There is action on immigration in America , only it 's not happening at the federal level . In New Jersey , Gov. Chris Christie is expected to sign this week a bill that would allow undocumented immigrant college students to pay in-state tuition . In California , the state Supreme Court has cleared the way for Sergio Garcia , an undocumented immigrant who went to college and law school and took the bar exam , to receive a law license . In Colorado and Arizona , lawmakers have in recent years proposed the states create their own guest worker agreements with Mexico to ensure that employers have access to labor no matter what Congress does or does n't do . These solutions concocted by the states are n't perfect . They have their problems . But at least they 're an attempt to do something , and not wait around while Washington does nothing . In the East Coast corridor , most of the media does n't really understand the immigration issue . For one thing , they treat it like just another issue , when it is arguably the most divisive issue that Americans have confronted since slavery . Besides , the media hates complexity , and so it tries to oversimplify the immigration issue as being solely about Republican obstinacy . If only the GOP would get on board , the narrative goes , we 'd have immigration reform . What about the fact that many Democrats oppose granting legal status to the undocumented ? How does that fit into the narrative ? It does n't help that elected officials and advocacy groups are generating fog , and that special interests are putting their own agendas ahead of the needs of those they claim to represent . I live in Southern California , and I spend a lot of time traveling thru the Southwest . In Denver , Phoenix , Las Vegas , Dallas or San Diego , immigration is n't just an election-year wedge issue but an everyday reality . It would be difficult in these places to find anyone who believes that Congress is poised to pass comprehensive immigration reform this year . Everyone knows that Congress is more likely to approve major legislation in odd-numbered years , because many members spend much of the even-numbered years either campaigning for re-election or avoiding doing anything risky that might jeopardize their re-election . Such as legalizing the undocumented . If you 're a Republican representing a district in the Southwest or the South , risky could mean voting for legislation that legalizes the undocumented and puts you crossways with the nativist wing of your party . If you 're a Democrat from the South or the "  Rust Belt " states like Ohio or Michigan , risky might mean supporting a bill to legalize the undocumented and antagonizing rank-and-file union members who worry about having to compete with newly legalized immigrants for blue-collar jobs . So why bother keeping up the charade that immigration reform is just around the corner ? Easy . In the words of Omar Little , the fictional gunman and stickup man in the HBO series , "  The Wire , " it 's because "  it 's all in the game . " The immigration game is based on three principles : dishonesty , disconnect and divergent interests . The game is dishonest , because the participants advance one lie after another , from denying that resistance to immigrants has anything to do with racism to insisting that American workers would gladly do the worst jobs for the right salary to claiming that immigrants are n't assimilating and so on . There is a disconnect between those who argue about reform efforts and those directly impacted by them . U.S. citizens have the luxury of haggling over the details of an immigration reform package , because most of them wo n't be directly affected one way or another . And those most affected -- the undocumented -- are n't at the table . And there are divergent interests between people who think they 're actually on the same side . Republicans have to watch out that they 're not betrayed by fellow Republicans , Democrats by fellow Democrats . This issue splits parties and divides coalitions , so it 's every special interest for itself . All this is happening on the federal level , and it 's a mess . The game is designed to go on indefinitely , in part because politicians and advocacy groups wo n't let it end . Democrats want a wedge issue to use against Republicans , and they do n't want to be known as the "  pro amnesty " party . Advocacy groups need to keep funds rolling in by convincing supporters that the battle continues and the stakes have never been higher , so they can pay rent and salaries . Readers often ask me what I would propose by way of an immigration reform plan . I have one . It includes : improved roadways and better surveillance equipment for the Border Patrol , tougher employer sanctions , National Guard troops on the U.S.-Mexico border , a tamper-proof ID card , a pathway to earned legal status without including citizenship in the deal but allowing people to pursue it on their own , a 10-year ban on public benefits for legalized immigrants and their children , an increase in legal immigration , and other reforms . Yet we ca n't even get to that -- to my plan , or yours -- until we restore honesty , integrity and common sense to the debate . And that means ending a game that no one ever wins . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette says federal action on immigration wo n't materialize in election year He says states are beginning to take the lead in making changes The immigration reform efforts in Washington fall victim to members of both parties , he says Navarrette : Too many people have an interest in blocking immigration reform
A U.S. defense official on Thursday dismissed North Korea 's claim of testing newly developed missiles . "  There is no indication of new North Korean technology , " said the official , who spoke on the condition of anonymity . The U.S. military monitored what the defense official described as the routine launch of short-range missiles . Earlier , North Korea 's state-run news agency KCNA reported that leader Kim Jong Un had "  guided the test-fire of newly developed cutting-edge ultra-precision tactical guided missiles . " "  At the central monitoring post he acquainted himself with the tactical and technological information of the newly developed guided missiles before giving an order to test-fire them . "  The moment the guided missiles soared into the sky with thunderous roar , " the report read . According to the U.S. and South Korean governments , North Korea launched three projectiles from its southeastern coast . "  I think we 're always concerned whenever North Korea launches anything , " said U.S. State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf . She added : "  We 're monitoring the situation , and we 're still evaluating the available information to identify the exact type of projectile that may have been launched . " Kim Min-seok , a spokesman for the South Korean Defense Ministry , said Friday that what North Korea launched appears to have been an improvement of an existing weapon , rather than an entirely new technology . The improvements were in the weapon 's range and the guided technology , he told a regular news briefing . From the North Korean military 's point of view , the weapon may be new , Kim said , "  but if you look at the international trend , this weapon technology was developed before . " North Korea ups stakes with latest missile launch INTERACTIVE : North Korea 's missile capacities	South Korea says the launch showed improvements in an existing weapon KCNA : North Korea fires "  cutting-edge ultra-precision tactical guided missiles " "  There is no indication of new North Korean technology , " says a U.S. defense official According to the U.S. and South Korea , North Korea launched three projectiles
They 've faced gunfire , tear gas and water cannons . And now a man who led them in days of anti-government demonstrations is behind bars after turning himself in to authorities . But Venezuelan protesters were still in the streets after opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez 's arrest Tuesday , demanding better security , an end to scarcities and protected freedom of speech . President Nicolas Maduro and his supporters also rallied , blaming the opposition for causing the very problems it protests . Clashes during days of demonstrations have already left three anti-government protesters and one government supporter dead . And the simmering tensions show no signs of letting up . The confrontation took a dramatic turn Tuesday , when Lopez , accused by the government of conspiracy and murder in connection with the recent violence , marched with a crowd of thousands of protesters before surrendering to national guard troops . "  The options I had were leave the country , and I will never leave Venezuela ! " Lopez told the massive crowd . "  The other option was to remain in hiding , but that option could have left doubt among some , including some who are here , and we do n't have anything to hide . " Hours later at a rally with throngs of supporters , Maduro said the head of Venezuela 's National Assembly had helped negotiate Lopez 's surrender and was taking him to a prison outside Caracas . Maduro : Opposition leaders are ` fascists ' Maduro described opposition leaders as right-wing fascists who plant seeds of fear and violence . He claimed they have U.S. backing and repeatedly tried to assassinate him and overthrow his democratically elected government . And he compared the opposition to an illness plaguing the South American country . "  The only way to fight fascism in a society is like when you have a very bad infection ... you need to take penicillin , or rather the strongest antibiotic , and undergo treatment , " he said . "  Fascism is an infection in Venezuela and in the world . And the only treatment that exists is justice . " Footage from Tuesday 's demonstration shows Lopez being led by national guard troops to a military vehicle , waving to the crowd as he is placed inside and even continuing to speak on a megaphone until the door is closed . Charges against him include murder , terrorism and arson in connection with the protests , according to his party , Popular Will . Lopez denies the accusations , the party said in a statement calling for witnesses of the protests to send their own accounts of what happened to be used in his defense . A message on Lopez 's Twitter account Tuesday night said he was on the way to a military prison , where party officials said he would be held at least until a court appearance scheduled for Wednesday . The post included a link to an apparently pre-recorded video message , showing the opposition leader seated on a couch next to his wife , calling on Venezuelans to keep pushing for change . "  If you are watching this video , it is because the government has carried out one more abuse , full of lies , of falsehoods , of twisting facts and trying to manipulate the reality that we Venezuelans are living , " he said . "  I want to tell all Venezuelans that I do not regret what we have done up to this moment , in convoking the protests ... The people came out . The people woke up . " ` Yankee , go home ' Major social and economic problems in Venezuela have fueled the protests . But as the demonstrations gained steam , officials have pointed fingers at other factors , accusing the United States of plotting to destabilize the government . On Monday , Venezuela gave three U.S. diplomats 48 hours to leave the country , accusing them of conspiring to bring down the government . At Tuesday 's rally , Maduro shouted , "  Yankee , go home " from the stage , drawing cheers from the crowd . 17-year-old dies during Venezuelan protests The opposition has been defeated over and over again at the polls , and despite this decision by the people , it continues to call for marches and protests , Julio Rafael Chavez , a ruling party lawmaker , told CNN en Español on Tuesday . "  The peace-loving Venezuelans feel very , very worried by the irrational , fascist-leaning attitude and actions of a sector of the Venezuelan opposition , " he said . This is n't the first time that bitter protests and counter-protests by supporters and opponents of the government have threatened political stability in Venezuela over the past decade . Many of Maduro 's claims -- of U.S. intervention , of assassination plots -- were also lobbed by the late President Hugo Chavez . Chavez was briefly ousted in a coup in 2002 , but otherwise outlasted the protests and repeatedly won re-election and ruled for 14 years until his death last year after a long battle with cancer . Venezuela : Expelled U.S. diplomats have 48 hours to leave The U.S. State Department has repeatedly denied Venezuela 's accusations . Asked whether the United States backs Lopez , Sen. John McCain told CNN Tuesday that his country "  backs the people 's right to express their will , to object to corruption , the repression of the media and the arrest of political dissidents . " Opposition leader : Government wants confrontation The current protests are the biggest that the Maduro government has faced in its 11 months in power . The latest death came Monday , when a 17-year-old was hit by a truck and killed at a protest in the northeastern city of Carupano , a government official said . Lopez 's party , Popular Will , has accused the government of being responsible for violence during the protests . At Tuesday 's rally , Maduro stressed that the socialist revolution he now leads is peaceful and democratic . "  What I want is peace , dialogue , understanding , coexistence , " Maduro said . "  It is what I want and what I am doing . " But another opposition leader said that the government 's actions paint a different picture . "  The latest actions we 've seen from the government indicate that far from fomenting a climate of peace ,  it  is trying to fortify the climate of confrontation and violence that the world has seen in images , " former presidential candidate Henrique Capriles told CNN en Español . Capriles has backed away from calling for massive protests , saying they are ineffective and play into the government 's narrative , but he said Lopez has his support . "  The protest will continue as long as the government gives no sign of resolving the problems of the Venezuelans , " Capriles said . At least seven people were injured when gunfire erupted during a protest Tuesday in the northern city of Valencia on Tuesday , CNN affiliate Globovision reported . One of them , according to two officials who did not wish to be identified , was a local beauty queen . Clashes between protesters , police	Charges against Leopoldo Lopez include murder , terrorism , arson In a video message posted on Twitter , Lopez says he has no regrets Maduro compares Venezuela 's opposition to an infection that must be cured Government blames U.S.-backed opposition ; protesters call for freedoms , end to scarcities
CNN  -- Gunmen opened fire at two different bars in northern Mexico , killing nine people and injuring 12 , Mexico 's state news agency reported Sunday , citing the attorney general 's office . Both attacks occurred in the city of Torreon , Notimex reported . In the first , which happened around 5:40 p.m. Saturday , three men opened fire at a bar , killing four people and injuring nine , the agency said . The second attack took place around 8 p.m. Saturday , also at a bar , when a group of armed men shot and killed five people , injuring three , Notimex reported . The Mexican government says there have been more than 34,600 drug-related deaths since President Felipe Calderon began a crackdown on cartels in December 2006 .	In first attack , three men opened fire at a bar ; four people killed Second attack also took place at a bar ; five people killed There have been more than 34,600 drug-related deaths in Mexico since 2006
CNN  -- As many as 200,000 state workers in California could see their pay scale slashed to minimum wage , if orders from the governor 's office are followed . In a letter to the state controller Thursday , Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger 's administration ordered the department to reduce the payment of state workers to the hourly rate of $ 7.25 unless a budget is reached soon . "  These are preparations for the prospect of not having a budget passed this month , " said Lynelle Jolley with the California Department of Personnel Administration . Without a budget , the July payroll , sent to go out the end of the month , would be cut , she said . "  This is not a scare tactic , " she said . "  This is based on a very real legal requirement . " The legal requirement was ordered in 2003 , when the California Supreme Court ruled that the state controller had no legal authority to pay wages in the absence of a budget . "  His role is to process the payroll that we give him , " Jolley said . But the state controller disagreed . "  I will not be following the governor 's orders , " John Chiang told CNN Radio , calling the governor 's actions dangerous . "  I do n't understand why we would continue to impose greater hardships upon the good workers here in California and delay the economic recovery that needs to take place as soon as possible . "  It 's my responsibility to protect the state 's pocketbook , " Chiang said , "  and even though the governor is trying to fix a budget , he understands that he had that opportunity , he still has that opportunity , and he should not put people in harm 's way . " Chiang said he is willing to work with the governor to come up with a better solution . The wage cut directive would not affect state employees who already have a contract , Jolley said . "  Thirty-seven thousand employees are under a contract that protects them , and the state is currently in negotiations with its largest state employee union , the Service Employees International Union , " she said . That union has as many as 95,000 workers , she said . If the governor 's order is followed , the pay cut would take effect this month , according to Jolley . The workers will get their missed wages once a budget is enacted , she said . CNN 's Patty Lane contributed to this report	As many as 200,000 state workers face pay cuts Gov. Schwarzenegger orders salaries to be cut to $ 7.25 an hour Directive would not affect state employees with contract ` This is not a scare tactic , ' official says
CNN  -- On Wednesday , the U.S. Supreme Court issued its unanimous ruling in two cases testing the authority of police to conduct a warrantless search of an arrested person 's cell phone , holding that police generally must obtain a warrant before searching the cell phone of someone they arrest . For the most part , the justices ' rulings in cases dealing with the Fourth Amendment go largely unnoticed by the public , but the court has reminded us in this opinion that modern technology is subject to the same original privacy rights that flow from the Constitution . Most citizens are not interested in these cases the way they are in issues like same-sex marriage or gun control . On the whole , Americans do n't worry too much about search-and-seizure issues because they think these cases do n't apply to them . "  Those cases only apply to criminals . " "  I 'm not planning on getting arrested . " "  I have nothing to hide . " The sentiment is understandable . Most of these cases involve application of the "  exclusionary rule " to throw out evidence like guns or drugs , based on the way it was seized . But this does not mean that only criminal defendants have an interest here . The rest of us should pay attention for two reasons . First , most people do n't realize how easy it is for the police to arrest a person and seize his or her property . Second , our private information is no longer on a piece of paper in a safe . It 's in the form of data , and it 's on our person , or in that thing they call the "  cloud . " If police can access your cell phone without a warrant , they can access your entire life . Do n't believe me ? What 's in your cell phone right now ? Is there anything you would n't want a stranger swiping through ? How about the apps on your phone ? Do you do any banking or other transactions on there ? Cell phones not only contain data -- they are now becoming a portal beyond the device itself , into a third-party world , whether that 's your health information , your finances , or anything else out there in the cloud . And if you 're like most people , you 're not immune to arrest . Police can potentially arrest you for minor infractions like littering , jaywalking , and traffic offenses . And just because they arrest you , should they be able to swipe through your pictures and text messages ? Police can search containers on your person without a warrant if they contain evidence that might be destroyed , or a potential weapon . Unless you can throw your iPhone like a ninja shuriken , it 's probably not much of a weapon . The two cases decided Wednesday by the Supreme Court involved somewhat different factual situations . In Riley v. California , the case involved a stop for a traffic violation , which led to David Riley 's arrest on weapons charges . An officer performed a "  search incident to arrest "  one conducted without a warrant  and accessed information on a phone in Riley 's pocket . He saw on the phone the repeated use of gang terminology . A later search at the station of the phone 's digital contents led to Riley being charged in a gang shooting . The United States v. Wurie case involved an arrest after police observed Brima Wurie engage in a drug sale . As in Riley , the officers seized a cell phone and noticed on the screen that the phone was receiving multiple calls from "  my house . " The officers opened the phone , traced the "  my house " number to an apartment , obtained a search warrant and found drugs , a firearm and other bad stuff . In deciding these two appeals , the Supreme Court ruled that the police generally may not , absent a warrant , search digital information on a mobile phone seized from an arrestee . Officers may still examine the physical aspects of a cell phone to ensure that it will not be used as a weapon -- which is a definite possibility due to modern criminal ingenuity . But the Supreme Court has now announced that absent certain urgent circumstances , the actual data on a phone is never physically dangerous . You ca n't throw an emoji at anyone , or stab someone with a Snapchat . Citizens enjoy more substantial privacy interests when digital data is involved , says the court . The Supreme Court ruling in the Riley case says American jurisprudence has "  recognized that the Fourth Amendment was the founding generation 's response to the reviled ` general warrants ' and ` writs of assistance ' of the colonial era , which allowed British officers to rummage through homes in an unrestrained search for evidence of criminal activity . Opposition to such searches was in fact one of the driving forces behind the Revolution itself . "	Supreme Court unanimously rules that cops ca n't search a cell phone without a warrant Danny Cevallos says people should pay more attention to Fourth Amendment cases He says phones can still be checked to make sure they 're not being used as weapons Cevallos : Court affirms Fourth Amendment passed to limit ability of law enforcement to search
KAMPALA , Uganda  CNN  -- At least 21 people were killed and more than 80 others injured during three days of rioting here last week , a police spokeswoman said Monday . Ugandan police ride past a burning barricade in the Natete suburb of Kampala on Friday . Police spokeswoman Judith Nabakooba said 663 people had been arrested and 86 people had been injured . President Yoweri Museveni is to address the violence in a speech to parliament slated for Tuesday afternoon . Though the mood on the streets in the capital city was calm Monday , tensions between Museveni and the Buganda kingdom -- headed by King Ronald Mutebi II , the ruler of the Baganda tribe -- have intensified in recent years . They erupted into violence last Thursday , when the government said it would not allow the king to travel to an area inhabited by a renegade rival group . Kings in the east African nation are limited to a ceremonial role overseeing traditional and cultural affairs . Government officials and the Buganda kingdom have been at odds for years , sparring over land , sovereignty and political power . After the travel ban , mostly young Bagandans took to the streets , stealing ammunition from a police station and confronting officers , accusing them of harassment . "  The government is wrong to undermine cultural institutions , which are the backbone of Uganda 's heritage , " said Mzamiru Balidha , a resident of Kampala . "  Cultural leaders must be left alone since they are not interfering in politics . " Rioters burned tires and cars , set buildings afire and looted stores . Streets in the capital were strewn with debris over the weekend , including torched cars and burned tires . By Sunday , police and the army were patrolling deserted streets as residents tried to return to normalcy after the protests . "  I 'm happy to see that there is peace now , " said Harry Sagara of Kampala . "  Now people can return to work . " A government official said Sunday that the two leaders have pledged to meet and address their differences . "  Both the central government and the king are still working out details of the meeting , " said Daudi Migereko , the minister of parliamentary affairs . In Washington , the U.S. State Department cautioned Americans in Uganda about the potential for more violent demonstrations this week . "  U.S. citizens should be aware that even peaceful gatherings and demonstrations can turn unexpectedly violent , " the State Department travel alert states . Bagandans are the dominant ethnic group and one of four ancient kingdoms in the nation . Journalist Samson Ntale in Kampala , Uganda , contributed to this report .	NEW : Ugandan president to address parliament Monday on deadly riots NEW : Death toll from three days of rioting rises to 21 ; 86 injured , 663 arrested U.S. government warns Americans in Uganda of potential danger of more violence Rioting sparked by central government 's travel ban on a tribal king
Americans are concerned about Ebola , and many of them are unsatisfied with President Barack Obama 's response , according to a new poll . Forty-three percent of Americans surveyed said they disapprove of the way President Barack Obama has responded to the outbreak of Ebola compared to just 41 percent who approve , according to a Washington Post/ABC News poll out Tuesday . Sixteen percent had no opinion on this issue . Further , the percentage of people who say the U.S. is "  doing all it reasonably can to try to prevent further cases of Ebola " across the country hovers at 33 percent , while those arguing the federal government should be doing more is nearly double that amount . White House not naming Ebola ` czar , ' despite calls to do so The poll also reveals that an overwhelming majority of respondents -- 91 percent -- support stricter screening of people entering the U.S. coming from African countries where the outbreak is spreading rapidly . Complete coverage on Ebola This responses come amid announced enhancements to screening procedures at some of the nation 's most trafficked airports , including Dulles International Airport in Virginia , O'Hare International in Chicago , Hartsfield-Jackson International in Atlanta , and Newark Liberty International in New Jersey . The Post reports that the telephone poll was conducted Thursday through Sunday . Just over 1,000 adults were surveyed , and the margin of sampling error is 3.5 percentage points . Opinion : Ebola highlights public health crisis	New poll shows 43 % of Americans disprove of Obama 's Ebola response Nine in 10 Americans support stricter screening of passengers from Africa , poll shows The poll came from the Washington Post/ABC news and was conducted from Thursday to Saturday
HANNOVER , Germany -- Germany maintained the pressure on the Czech Republic in the race for top spot in Group D with a comfortable 4-0 win against Cyprus in Hannover . Lukas Podolski celebrates his goal as Germany cruised to a 4-0 victory over Cyprus . Both sides have already qualified for EURO 2008 but Germany showed no sign of letting up as Bayern Munich pair Miroslav Klose and Lukas Podolski struck either side of half-time to build on Clemens Fritz 's second-minute opener . Thomas Hitzlsperger added the fourth in the 82nd minute as Germany claimed their eighth win in the group to move level with the Czech Republic on 26 points . Germany were quick out of the blocks and celebrated their first goal after less than 120 seconds . Podolski 's determination paid off and he pulled the ball back from the goalline for Fritz to score with a far-post header . Klose added the second on 20 minutes , accepting a pass from the selfless Fritz in a central position and firing in from eight meters out . Podolski was Germany 's main threat , and he finally got the goal an excellent performance warranted when he turned in Klose 's low cross from the right eight minutes into the second half . The impressive Podolski turned provider for the final goal eight minutes from time , making a determined run to the goalline before squaring for Hitzlsperger , whose simple tap-in completed the scoring . Meanwhile , Arsenal midfielder Tomas Rosicky was among the goals for the Czech Republic as they beat neighbors Slovakia 3-1 in Prague to remain top of the group by virtue of their head-to-head with Germany . Germany conclude their qualifying campaign at home to Wales on Wednesday while the Czech Republic travel to Cyprus . Meanwhile , the Netherlands secured their place in the finals with a narrow 1-0 win over Luxembourg in Group G. Danny Koevermans scored the only goal for the Dutch two minutes before half time to seal their place in the finals alongside Romania -- who remain top of the group having already qualified , despite losing 1-0 to Bulgaria in Sofia . Spain beat Sweden 3-0 with goals by Joan Capdevila , Andres Iniesta and Sergio Ramos , while Northern Ireland maintained their slim chance of catching Sweden by beating Denmark 2-1 . David Healy scored the winning goal to set a European Championship qualifying record of 13 goals , overtaking Davor Suker 's 12-goal mark . Northern Ireland must now beat already-qualified Spain in Las Palmas on Wednesday and hope that Latvia can win in Sweden on the same night , if they are to reach the finals . E-mail to a friend	Germany beat Cyprus 4-0 in Hannover as they keep pressure on the Czechs Lukas Podolski scores and produces a superb performance for the Germans The Czech Republic remain top of the group after defeating Slovakia 3-1
Angelina Jolie , 36 , and Brad Pitt , 48 , a Hollywood megastar couple since 2005 , are engaged , Pitt 's representative said Friday . "  Yes , it 's confirmed . It is a promise for the future , and their kids are very happy . There 's no date set at this time . Brad designed the ring , " the representative , Cynthia Pett-Dante , told CNN . The longtime couple had been insisting that they would n't marry unless the nation 's laws allowed all couples to marry . Asked about this position after the engagement announcement , Pitt 's representative did n't have an immediate comment . Jewelry designer Robert Procop of Beverly Hills , California , designed the diamond engagement ring after a yearlong collaboration with Pitt , his representative said . Pitt "  wanted every aspect of it to be perfect , so Robert was able to locate a diamond of the finest quality and cut it to an exact custom size and shape to suit Angelina 's hand , " the representative said . "  Brad was always heavily involved , overseeing every aspect of the creative design evolution . The side diamonds are specially cut to encircle her finger . " The couple has six children , including three biological children together . Pitt adopted two of Jolie 's children whom she had earlier adopted from Cambodia and Ethiopia , and they together adopted a boy from Vietnam . Their biological children include twins . Jolie , the daughter of actor Jon Voight and actress Marcheline Bertrand , won an Oscar for her role as a mental patient in the 1999 film "  Girl , Interrupted . " Pitt , who grew up in Springfield , Missouri , was nominated for an Oscar and won a Golden Globe for his role in the 1995 science fiction film "  Twelve Monkeys . " Jolie was previously married to actor Jonny Lee Miller and actor Billy Bob Thornton . Pitt earlier had been married to actress Jennifer Aniston . The couple has used their international celebrity to draw attention to a number of humanitarian causes . Despite ongoing reports that Jolie and Pitt began their love affair during the making of 2005 's "  Mr. and Mrs. Smith " -- while Pitt was still married to Aniston -- Jolie insisted to the UK 's Stylist magazine in 2010 that their relationship began after the film . "  We became friends on the film set , " Jolie said , "  but  the relationship  began after . "	Pitt spent a year designing the diamond engagement ring , a jeweler says No comment on how they once pledged no marriage until all couples could marry Angelina Jolie , 36 , and Brad Pitt , 48 , have been a couple since 2005 The couple has six children ; no wedding date has been set
Londonderry , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- I cut my teeth reporting from Derry during the early days of the "  Troubles " in Northern Ireland . One thing I remember was the fear -- the fear of the British Army that the Irish people felt , and the fear felt by the British soldiers who came under regular attack by the Irish Republican Army and stone-throwing youths . Another thing I remember was the complete absence of any trust in the government among the mainly Catholic community . Bloody Sunday destroyed all hope that it would be restored anytime soon . On that day , January 30 , 1972 , 14 people were shot dead by British paratroopers . Everyone knew they were unarmed demonstrators protesting against internment without trial of IRA suspects . But the former head of the British Army , Gen. Mike Jackson , drew up a "  shot report " claiming that those hit , mostly teenagers , were gunmen or bombers . Then English Chief Justice Lord Widgery , after an inquiry in which he ignored the evidence of eyewitnesses , cleared the soldiers of wrongdoing and accused the innocent victims of illegal activities . The outrage was felt across the whole of Ireland and fueled the IRA campaign of attacks on British targets . Bloody Sunday became a defining moment in the fraught history of British-Irish relations . I returned to Derry Tuesday for the result of the Saville inquiry , a new investigation ordered by the British government as part of the peace process , which has already given Northern Ireland a power-sharing government and the disbandment of paramilitary forces . The atmosphere in the hours before the findings were officially disclosed by British Prime Minister David Cameron was emotional and optimistic . Thousands gathered in Guildhall Square in sunshine as relatives of the victims were given an advance look at the report under strict orders to respect a 3:30 p.m. embargo . But four minutes before the deadline , a hand appeared from an aperture in the second-floor stained-glass windows of the century-old building . It was a thumbs-up . Other hands appeared , waving excitedly , as the crowd cheered and cried . Thus did the people of Derry learn that the slur on the mostly young victims and their families had been removed at last . It was not just a vindication of the relatives , who campaigned for 38 years for justice . Martin McGuinness , former commander of the IRA and now co-leader of the power-sharing government , told me he felt it was "  a moment of liberation for all of us . " As I watched men in their 60s who had marched that day shedding tears of joy , I felt that I was experiencing a moment of closure in the history of the Troubles . A great historical injustice was corrected . It was as if Bloody Sunday and the British prime minister 's apology were bookends to the press 's reporting of the Troubles -- a feeling reinforced by the return of many correspondents from around the world who reported from Derry that day , like Simon Winchester , formerly of the Guardian , to witness the event . Cameron accepted that British soldiers were responsible for "  unjustified and unjustifiable " deeds and said that the report exonerated the victims of any wrongdoing . In how many countries in the world would this happen ? It is the outcome and climax of a drawing together of the British and Irish governments in the last 20 years to find a joint solution to what seemed to me and everyone else in those dark days of the 1970s to be an insoluble problem . The inquiry sat for 434 days and took testimony from 921 witnesses : 505 civilians , 245 soldiers , 33 police officers , nine forensic experts , 34 IRA members , 39 politicians , civil servants and intelligence officers , 49 journalists and seven priests . Many complained it was too lengthy and expensive . But if Widgery had not whitewashed the paratroopers back then , it would never have been necessary . Relations between the two islands are now at their best in history . The spirit of reconciliation has triumphed -- in Northern Ireland , and in relations between Dublin and London , which were ripped asunder by Bloody Sunday and took so many years to repair . There is a lesson here for the whole world . Lies and coverup make problems worse . The truth can mend fences . The families showed that in their first statement after the report . Their spokeswoman , Kay Duddy -- sister of Jackie Duddy , age 17 , the first to be killed that day -- called on the thousands in the square for a minute 's silence for all the victims of the violence of the past 40 years . It was a gesture that will not go unnoticed by the victims of the IRA in Northern Ireland 's Protestant community . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Conor O'Clery .	On "  Bloody Sunday " in 1972 , 14 protesters shot dead by British soldiers in Northern Ireland Thirty-eight years later , UK government finds that shootings were unjustified Conor O'Clery says the Saville report corrected a "  great historical injustice " O'Clery : "  Lies and coverup make problems worse . The truth can mend fences "
CNN  -- A social media thread proved strong enough to pull a New Jersey teenager back from possible suicide , according to authorities . And it was a social networking first for officers from the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey Police Department -- using Facebook and other outlets this week to track down and help a troubled 18-year-old whose three-word online posting seemed to say suicide . "  Thinking of jumping , " the teenager posted to his Facebook profile , alongside a photo of the George Washington Bridge spanning the Hudson River . A concerned Facebook friend who saw the post contacted police in Paterson , New Jersey , alerting authorities to the apparent suicide threat , according to Port Authority spokesman Joe Pentangelo . The alert was just the beginning . Pentangelo gave this scenario of events : Paterson police called Port Authority officers , who serve the major bridges and tunnels of New York and New Jersey . A photo of the young man was downloaded from his Facebook page and distributed to officers searching the bridge -- unsuccessfully -- for the teen among the bridge 's pedestrians . An officer assigned to Port Authority police 's emergency services , Lt. Thomas Michaels , set out to contact the young man through Facebook , leaving his cell phone number on the page and urging the teen to call him . And Port Authority Sgt. Nadine Rhem also took to Facebook , sending more offers of support and assistance . Other Facebook friends of the young man saw what was happening and sent messages of their own on the social networking site , urging the teen to call Michaels . Within a matter of hours , Pentangelo said , Michaels received a phone call . It was the young man . He told Michaels he was on a bus in Patterson , and Michaels insisted they meet in person to talk . After the officer and the teen met and talked , Pentangelo said , the teen volunteered to be taken to a local hospital for help . While Port Authority police have used social media before to investigate threats and gather information , Pentangelo said , this was the first time social media was used to reach out . And a potential suicide subject reached back .	A New Jersey teen posts on Facebook a bridge photo and "  Thinking of jumping " Port Authority police are alerted , they use a Facebook photo of the teen to search the bridge Other officers reach out directly through social media to try to contact him He responds , meets with an officer and volunteers to be taken to a hospital for help
CNN  -- Czech President Vaclav Klaus signed the European Union 's Lisbon Treaty Tuesday , he announced on his Web site , paving the way for major changes to the way the 27-nation bloc is run . The Czech Constitutional court ruled hours earlier that the treaty did not conflict with the country 's constitution , a government spokesman said . "  I respect the decision of the Constitutional Court , " Klaus said in a written statement , though he added he "  disagreed " with it and said the court 's analysis was "  not neutral . " However , he concluded , "  I signed the Lisbon Treaty at 3 p.m.  1400 GMT  . " The Czech Republic was the last EU nation left to approve the treaty , which could effectively give the EU a president and a foreign minister . Klaus 's signature means the treaty -- which would replace the EU constitution and aims to streamline the workings of the European Union -- could come into force as early as December 1 . The Czech Parliament 's two chambers voted in favor of the treaty earlier this year . But in late September , 17 Czech senators asked the country 's Constitutional Court to examine whether some further parts of the treaty were compatible with the country 's constitution . The court ruled Tuesday that they pose no conflict . Klaus agreed Friday to ratify the document if the court approved , after winning an exemption ensuring it would not allow ethnic Germans forced out of the country after World War II to reclaim their former lands . "  I consider this to be the best possible result and intend to raise no other objections to the ratification of the Lisbon Treaty , " Klaus said Thursday after gaining the exemption . Voters in two countries had rejected the EU constitution in 2005 . The Lisbon Treaty , in addition to streamlining EU decision-making and creating an EU council president and foreign minister , would introduce rotating representatives for member countries in the EU Commission , the union 's executive branch , and would change the voting weights of countries on certain issues . Swedish Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt , whose country currently holds the rotating EU presidency , said he welcomed the Czech court 's decision . "  We are now very close to full ratification . " Reinfeldt said . "  Together with a signature in the Czech Republic , the presidency will continue the completion of Lisbon Treaty preparations . " The Czech Republic is n't the only EU country to demand an exemption before ratifying the treaty . Poland recently won an opt-out over social issues including gay marriage ; Britain won assurances that EU law would not prevail over its own legal system . The treaty would also give national parliaments veto power over some proposed changes to EU policy . All member states have to ratify the treaty before it can be adopted . Irish voters approved the treaty last month after previously rejecting it . The European Union had assured Ireland that the treaty would not affect the country 's anti-abortion laws or its neutrality and that Ireland would keep a European commissioner .	Czech President Vaclav Klaus signs EU 's Lisbon Treaty , paving way for major changes to way 27-nation bloc is run Czech court removed the last political hurdle to treaty 's full ratification The Lisbon Treaty is meant to replace the EU constitution , which voters rejected in 2005 All member states have to ratify the treaty before it can be adopted
CNN  -- If Manchester United were hoping to escape their domestic troubles in Europe then the English Premier League champions only found more tragedy in Greece . Olympiakos swept aside a lackluster United side 2-0 to see the two-time Champions League winners on the verge of an exit in the last 16 . The hard-working Alejandro Dominguez deflected in the ball with a deft back heel after 38 minutes to cue frenzied excitement among the red-and-white-hued home fans . A brilliant , second goal from Joel Campbell -- on loan to the Greek champions from Arsenal -- sealed United 's fate in the second half . Even with Wayne Rooney and Robin van Persie spearheading their attack , United lacked attacking verve . Van Persie 's best chance came in the final 10 minutes of the match when the Dutchman found himself clear on goal but skied the ball over the crossbar . United have already been knocked out of both domestic cup competitions and , in the league , trail 15 points behind leaders Chelsea in sixth position . Europe offers Moyes his only chance of redemption in a difficult transitional season since Alex Ferguson 's retirement . The Manchester United malaise is uncomfortably setting in and the team have an uphill battle to overturn a tenacious Greek side in the return leg at Old Trafford on March 19 . Manchester United midfielder Michael Carrick told Sky Sports : "  Everyone 's having a dig and enjoying it -- we 've got to take it on the chin and bounce back . " In Tuesday 's early game , last season 's Champions League finalists Borussia Dortmund won a lively tie with Zenit St Petersburg . The German side had strolled to an early 2-0 lead as Henrikh Mkhitaryan and Marco Reus scored within 70 seconds of each other in the opening five minutes . Zenit , featuring in the last 16 for only the second time , breathed new life into the match when Oleg Shatov made the most of a melee in the Dortmund box to score when the ball bounced back off the post . The crowd at the Petrovsky Stadium roared but , minutes later , Robert Lewandowski bobbled the ball beyond the Zenit keeper to stretch the scoreline to 3-1 . Zenit were given a second chance when the referee awarded a penalty after Viktor Faizulin clumsily went down inside the area . Brazil striker Hulk muscled Zenit back into contention as he whipped the ball into the net ; a cool strike considering he 'd missed his last three penalties . But the Russian defense buckled once more and Poland striker Lewandowski , who is joining Borussia 's rivals Bayern Munich at the end of the season , stroked in a diagonal cross . Borussia will take a 4-2 lead back for the home leg as Jurgen Klopp 's team , just like Manchester United , hope to seek solace from a dismal domestic campaign in the glittering realms of the Champions League .	Manchester United beaten 2-0 by Olympiakos in Champions League last 16 Greek goals from Alejandro Dominguez and Joel Campbell Borussia Dortmund collect 4-2 away win at Zenit St Petersburg The second leg matches will be played on 19th March
Atlanta  CNN  -- Six astronauts lie motionless in a row of compartments with medical monitoring cables connected to their bodies , as their space ship cuts through the silent blackness that separates Earth from Mars . They 're sound asleep and will be for the extent of their six-month trip , having been placed in an artificially induced state of hibernation called torpor . This is the way a NASA-funded study sees space explorers traveling to Mars -- unconscious , with their metabolism switched into slow motion . Sending astronauts that far into space would be too challenging , costly and grueling without it , says space engineer John Bradford , whose Atlanta-based company SpaceWorks wrote the study for NASA . "  Ultimately , it 's what we 'll have to do , " he says . Sci-fi becomes reality Sleeper spacecraft with crews in suspended animation have been flying through futuristic science fiction movies like "  Avatar , " "  Alien , " "  Pandorum " and "  2001 : A Space Odyssey " for decades . Now science reality is catching up , as medical advances have made stasis possible via a method called therapeutic hypothermia . It has been used since the early 2000s to treat patients with traumatic injuries . Formula One racer Michael Schumacher , for example , who suffered a brain injury while snow skiing , was reportedly put into therapeutic hypothermia . It renders the patient unconscious by lowering the body temperature . In Schumacher 's case , it also prevented swelling of his brain . The torpor stasis , which greatly slows metabolism , can help injured patients survive longer , while medical teams work to rescue them , Bradford says . But doctors usually induce it for only three or four days at a time , not the 180 days it would take for astronauts to get to Mars , nor the 180 it would take to get back to Earth . "  It may take some time to get it to the state of effectiveness we want it to go to , " Bradford says . That involves animal testing , then some extended testing on humans , perhaps on the International Space Station . It could take decades . MAVEN spacecraft enters Mars orbit to explore its climate change A short-cut There is a possible work-around , though , that astronauts could start out with . SpaceWork found a Chinese medical study in which trauma patients stayed in torpor for longer periods . "  They had a sample of about 80 people that went through therapeutic hypothermia for all sorts of traumatic injuries . And those periods did range from three to up to 14 days . " The patients who stayed under for two weeks fared as well as those who were put under for a shorter time . Two weeks is a time frame SpaceWorks can live with and one that Bradford says his medical partners at the Mayo Clinic and Johns Hopkins University are more comfortable with . Aboard the spacecraft Here 's how it would work during space flight . The two-week torpor periods would be straddled , so that there is always one astronaut who is awake for a brief period . The colleague currently awake could check in on the other ones who are still unconscious to make sure their intravenous feeding tubes are clear , and urine removal systems and so on are working properly . He can also communicate with Earth . "  He can check emails , " Bradford says . Then after two or three days , he wakes up the next astronaut by activating a heating system that brings his or her body temperature up to normal . Then the awakened astronaut straps the other into the hibernation module , hooks up the medical systems and inserts a body cooling tube through a nostril . Heating pads behind the astronaut make sure the nasal tube does n't cool down their body too much . A temperature drop of only about five degrees Fahrenheit is necessary -- from 98.6 to about 93 degrees . Trace amounts of sedatives in the feeding line would suppress the astronaut 's shiver reflex . The habitat unit housing the sleepers would rotate to create centrifugal force simulating gravity . That would help to mitigate the reduction in bone density that naturally occurs in zero gravity . How long until this is scenario is reality ? Less than 30 years , Bradford thinks . "  I think it 's something that can and will be used on the first mission to Mars . " Mars rover reaches key destination Lighter , easier , happier Getting astronauts to hibernate like bears makes the mission much easier and more affordable , Bradford says . They can be stacked up in small habitats ; with minimal metabolism , they do n't need as much food , no daily change of clothes . Exercise equipment is replaced by electrodes that stimulate their muscles while they 're asleep . That saves lots of space and altogether more than half the weight of the fully equipped rocket that it would take to transport a crew that was not sleeping through the voyage in torpor . And it would be more pleasant for the crew . Astronauts traveling in waking condition would likely arrive in decent physical shape , but "  mentally , I 'd worry about them , " Bradford says . "  You 're going to be in a pretty tight space -- nothing as voluminous as the ISS -- for the mission , " he said . Space is dark and feels isolating . In June 2010 , Russia 's space agency simulated a trip to Mars by closing up astronauts in a mock space ship for about a year and a half to see how it affected them psychologically . They became reclusive , got depressed and slept 12 to 14 hours a day because there was nothing to do , Bradford said . NASA 's next Mars rover will make oxygen , look for farmland Ultimate goal ? After six months of travel to Mars , the astronauts would face a 500-day mission on the barren planet 's surface , according to SpaceWorks ' assessment . Then they 'd have to endure another 180 days in the cramped rocket to get home to Earth . Ideally , Bradford would like to see the astronauts complete both travel phases in torpor stasis and not even have to wake up every two weeks . Therapeutic hypothermia would also allow space agencies to pack more astronauts into one ship . That 's vital to meeting an often-mentioned possible ultimate goal for travel to Mars , he says . "  If we 're looking at colonizing , you 've to do more than send six or eight people every year . "	A study done for NASA foresees astronauts being unconscious for Mars travel It would use a medical method called therapeutic hypothermia It is usually used to save trauma patients by inducing torpor , a type of hibernation The study says it would be better for the astronauts and deeply cut costs
New Delhi  CNN  India 's federal government on Tuesday warned states against allowing unlicensed Web-based taxi services after an Uber driver was accused of raping a woman in New Delhi . Home Minister Rajnath Singh said his ministry had advised state governments "  to ensure that the operations of the web-based taxi services are stopped " and that non-licensed operators are prohibited until they register with authorities . Transport authorities in New Delhi on Monday announced a ban on Uber services in the Indian capital , saying their investigation revealed the company was violating permit rules . Authorities say Uber was operating as a local taxi on a national permit . Commercial vehicles on national permit can not operate as taxis ferrying passengers from one destination to another within a city . New Delhi police say they will implement the ban . But Uber said it had n't been officially notified of the measure and that its service was still operating in the city . Singh said police were exploring what he called Uber 's "  possible legal liability " in the rape case , in which a 26-year-old woman alleges she was assaulted at the weekend after being taken to a deserted stretch of road in an Uber car she had ordered . New Delhi police have filed a case against Uber "  under sections relating to cheating and violation of government rules and orders , " said Deputy Police Commissioner Madhur Verma . Shiv Kumar Yadav , the Uber driver accused of raping his passenger , remains in police custody for questioning . Police say Yadav 's address and background were n't verified in his driver registration . Uber said in a statement that it "  exclusively partners " with registered drivers who have been through the commercial licensing process and who have government identification and state-issued permits . It called the alleged rape "  abhorrent " and said it was cooperating with the investigation . Uber drew heavy criticism last month after one of its executives suggested that it would be fair game to dig up dirt on journalists who were critical of his company . A U.S. tech journalist singled out by the executive said there was an "  escalating and scary pattern of misogyny " at Uber , citing the way Uber has dealt with assault complaints from female riders and a recent promo offering free rides with beautiful women . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh reported from New Delhi , and Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong .	Indian Home Minister advises states to halt operations of Web-based taxi services New Delhi announced a ban on Uber , but the car service says it 's still operating The moves follow the alleged rape of a woman by an Uber driver who is now in custody
CNN  -- Who shouts "  Ebola " on a crowded airplane ? The same person who yells "  fire " in a crowded theater even when there are no flames . The worldwide panic around the Ebola virus and its mostly deadly consequences is starting to inspire tricksters , hucksters and attention hogs to test the limits of the people around them . While these agitators are finding zero tolerance for that kind of speech , people 's daily lives and travels are being disrupted by the fear and panic surrounding the virus . Already , it 's cleared a courtroom , emptied a city bus and frightened passengers on several aircraft . It clears the room Joseph Britton shut down the courtroom at Broward County , Florida 's main jail with his Friday morning claim that he had Ebola , according to the Sun-Sentinel . Britton made the claim to Broward Judge John "  Jay " Hurley , who was holding bond hearings from the main county courthouse via closed-circuit television . The jail was placed on lockdown while Britton 's claim was investigated . Officials do n't think he has Ebola , but such claims tend to ratchet up the government 's response . Britton was taken the hospital to be tested , and the areas where he had been located were being disinfected . Want to bet that Britton , who was arrested Thursday on charges of battery , disorderly conduct and other offenses , may get in even more trouble ? Epidemics throughout history Ebola on a plane Do n't joke about having Ebola on an airplane , especially after passengers who contracted Ebola were known to have flown after getting infected . A U.S. Airways passenger who made that joke last week received a special escort when he landed : Four officials in blue plastic hazmat suits boarded Flight 845 to retrieve him after it landed in the Dominican Republic . "  I was just kidding , " he could be heard saying in a video posted to social media . It can be illegal A public bus driver in Los Angeles was placed in quarantine and his bus removed from service after a masked person yelled "  Do n't mess with me , I have Ebola ! " as he left the bus . County health officials , who think it was a hoax , are investigating the incident as a terrorist threat , spokeswoman Sarah Kissell Garrett told the Los Angeles Times .	Shouting "  Ebola " in a public space is a sure-fire way to cause panic Like yelling "  fire " in a theater , it 's causing people to fear they might catch it One man was escorted off a flight after "  joking " that he had Ebola
CNN  -- Mega churches across the United States are becoming increasingly popular which is not only bringing thousands of worshippers together , but also billions of dollars in profit . From self-help books to CDs and DVDs , mega churches are becoming big money makers for the pastors and ministries they are a part of . Mega churches are extra-large churches that can accommodate upwards of 15,000 people and are common among members of the evangelical Christian faith . Scott Thumma , professor of sociology and religion at Hartford Seminary told CNN that "  the mega church on average has about $ 6.5 million in income a year . " "  If you put together all the mega churches in the United States , that 's easily several billion dollars . " Many ministers in the evangelical faith have become superstars in their own right -- Joel Osteen is one in particular . Osteen is a pastor at the Lakewood Church in Houston , Texas and his televised service reaches over seven million people each week across the United States and around the world . The Lakewood Church which Osteen is in charge of has a yearly budget of more than $ 80 million , but church officials deny that it 's about money . "  We hear the criticism a bit , but we do n't hear it as much as you think we would , " Donald Iloff Junior , advisor for Lakewood Church said . "  One thing you find very absent is the asking of money and never once have we asked for money or donations on television . " However , some critics argue that it 's hard to be both a pastor and someone in charge of a yearly budget in the tens of millions . "  When you have pastors thinking of themselves as CEOs , it 's hard to tell the difference between a pastor and P-Diddy , " Jonathan Walton , Assistant Professor of religious studies at the University of California Riverside told CNN . The way the sermon is told at these mega churches has also completely changed . "  The plasma screen TVs have replaced crosses , Power Point-like presentations of the words of songs and liturgical practices have replaced the hymnals , " Walton said . "  This really resonates with a younger generation . " The average age of a mega church worshipper is 40 years old -- 13 years younger than at a traditional church . Mega church worshippers tend to not only be younger , but also more diverse . "  One thinks of them as a homogeneous group of white suburban American , but in fact when you go to most of the mega churches , you 're going to find diversity of age , income and education levels , " Thumma said . "  You can also find racial diversity because in almost 30 percent of these mega churches across the country , you have 20 percent or more integration of ethnic groups so it really is quite staggering . "	Each mega church on average brings in $ 6.5 million each year Mega churches are most popular with evangelical Christians These churches can hold up to 15,000 people in one service Joel Osteen is one of the world 's most famous evangelical pastors
WAXAHATCHIE , Texas  CNN  -- Julie Quiroz clutches her teddy bear crying . "  Mommy , " she says softly , as her mother wraps her arms around her and rubs her back . One of her brothers tries to console her . "  You 're going to come back , " he says . Julie Quiroz , a 13-year-old U.S. citizen , went back to Mexico when her mom was deported . The 13-year-old Quiroz begins to walk away to catch an airplane from Mexico to the United States . Within moments , she rushes back to her mother 's arms . "  Mommy , " she says again , tears streaming down her face . Quiroz is one of an estimated 3 million American children who have at least one parent who entered the United States illegally , according to the Urban Institute , which researches and evaluates U.S. social and economic issues . In Quiroz 's case , she was born in Washington state , lived there her entire life and went to school there . But her mother , Ana Reyes , entered the United States illegally before Quiroz was born and U.S. immigration officials caught up with her last year on her birthday . Watch how deportation separates family " "  I was there when they handcuffed her , " Quiroz says . "  I was there when they took her down . " Two of her brothers , who had come with their mother to the United States when they were young children , also were taken into custody . It was the start of a downward spiral for Quiroz . When her mother and brothers were deported , Quiroz and her 6-year-old , American-born sister had no choice but to return to Mexico City with them . Her seventh-grade year was spent in a classroom where she did n't understand the language . "  I never belonged there , " she says . "  I 'd just come home , sit down , cry . I 'd say , ` Mom , I ca n't do it . ' ... I ca n't read or write Spanish . " She adds , "  I felt like there were no dreams for me . " Stories like these are becoming more common , immigration analysts say , with American children caught in the middle of their mother or father 's illegal status . A report last month in the Journal of the American Medical Association said these children face "  increasing risk of family separation , economic hardship and psychological trauma . " "  It 's really hard to imagine something that can be more traumatic than to be forcibly separated from their caregiver . That 's the enforcement climate that we 're operating in now , " says Miriam Calderon , the associate director for education and children 's policy at the National Council of La Raza , the largest Hispanic advocacy group in the United States . Calderon says the nation needs to enforce immigration laws , but currently there is a lack of a "  consistent and comprehensive standard to ensure that children will be protected " when undocumented parents are taken into custody . "  Until a major immigration reform is enacted , the country will continue to cope with challenges resulting from the presence of roughly 12 million undocumented immigrants in our workforce and in our communities , " said Janet Murguia , the president of NCLR , before Congress in May . U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement says it 's simply enforcing the laws on the books . "  ICE agents and officers are sworn to uphold all of our nation 's immigration and customs laws , " ICE press secretary Kelly Nantel said in a written statement . "  We can not pick and choose the laws we enforce . Parents make decisions that affect their families everyday . "  There are known consequences for violating our nation 's immigration laws . It 's unfortunate that parents choose to place their children in these difficult situations . " For Quiroz , her journey from America to Mexico City took an unexpected turn when her plight caught the attention of Joe Kennard , a land developer and Christian philanthropist . Kennard reached out to Quiroz 's mother and told her the teen could live with his family in Texas and enroll in school there . "  You can make all the arguments that -LSB- the mother -RSB- deserved what she got because she was an adult , she made the choice , she was here illegally , " Kennard says . "  But why -LSB- punish -RSB- the children ? They 're innocent and they 're born here and they 're U.S. citizens . " His group , Organization to Help Citizen Children , works with churches along the U.S.-Mexico border to provide support for children whose mother or father is deported to Mexico . Kennard hired a private tutor to get Quiroz up to speed for missing a year of schooling . "  She 's conflicted because she knows that she 's got to get an education and this is the only way to do it . But she also feels the love for her mother and that 's the torture . " Quiroz 's mother then made the incredibly painful decision to implore her daughter to go to Texas , an unbearable decision for the teen to leave her family for her country and her future . Her older brother , Carlos Quiroz , was about 3 years old when his mom took him to the United States last decade . He misses his sister , but knows he ca n't return . "  I have to accept that ... and try to make it work , " he says . Watch why Carlos Quiroz feels like an American " He 's working to get a job and hopes to enter college in Mexico . But his mind is still in the land he grew up in . "  I do n't feel like I belong here . I feel like I was taken out of somewhere where I belonged , " he says . "  My whole life is over there . " His sister is now living in Texas , adjusting to eighth grade and all the changes around her . When she 's alone , she says it still hurts . "  I want to be in my mom 's arms , " she says , choking back tears . The dream that keeps her going ? She 's determined to become a lawyer to fight for kids who are forced to endure painful separations . "  My mom only came here to make a better life , " she says . "  I want to be a lawyer to help people in the same situation as me . " CNN 's Gregg Canes and Traci Tamura contributed to this report .	3 million U.S. citizen children are believed to have one undocumented parent Julie Quiroz , 13 , was born in the U.S. but had to return to Mexico with her mom "  I never belonged there ... I 'd just come home , sit down , cry , " she says Thanks to a philanthropist , Quiroz was able to come back to study ; but without mother
Beijing , China  CNN  -- China and the United States , the largest producers of greenhouse gases , will team up to fight climate change and create clean energy , their leaders said Tuesday . Chinese President Hu Jintao and President Obama said their nations will cooperate to advance technologies and work toward a global agreement on reducing carbon emissions . "  As the two largest consumers and producers of energy , there can be no solution to this challenge without the efforts of both China and the United States , " Obama said . "  That is why we 've agreed to a series of important new initiatives in this area . " What would you ask Obama ? Share your question for CNN 's interview After Tuesday 's meeting , Hu told reporters , "  We agreed to expand our cooperation on climate change , energy and environment , " which includes developing a China-U.S. clean energy research center . The declaration by Hu and Obama comes ahead of next month 's U.N. Climate Change Conference in Copenhagen , Denmark , and follows recent acknowledgment by the world 's top economic powers , including the U.S. , that there 's no hope of a major breakthrough on climate change by year 's end . The U.S. president said the two leaders want to accelerate the world toward a pact to cut greenhouse gases . The leaders did not offer a time frame , however . "  Our aim ... is not a partial accord or a political declaration , " Obama said , "  but rather an accord that covers all of the issues in the negotiations and one that has immediate operational affect . "  This kind of comprehensive agreement would be an important step forward in the effort to rally the world around a solution to our climate challenge . " Instead of reaching a final deal in Copenhagen , a strategy dubbed "  one agreement , two steps " was unveiled at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum summit over the weekend in Singapore . The aim is to produce a pact over a longer period . The first step would be to have all 191 countries involved in the Copenhagen summit signing on to a framework that includes key ingredients , such as how to finance the coordinated effort to battle climate change . The second step , a binding deal on cutting carbon emissions , would be hashed out in further negotiations . "  Opportunity is knocking . It is up to you to open the door , " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said in a statement Monday . "  We must seize this opportunity to create a safer and more prosperous future for all , to reduce the emissions that are causing climate change and to help the most vulnerable adapt to impacts that are already under way . " Like the United States and China , APEC and Group of 20 leaders -- the world 's leading economies -- have pledged to drive toward a climate-change agreement in Copenhagen . The conference , set to begin December 7 , aims to strike a deal on a successor agreement to the Kyoto Protocol , the 1997 pact that has legally binding targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions . The United States never ratified it , though more than 200 other nations did .	President Obama , Chinese leader pledge to work to reduce carbon emissions Move comes before U.N. Climate Change Conference in Denmark China and U.S. are largest producers of greenhouse gases Obama , Chinese President Hu Jintao do n't offer a timetable
CNN  -- The buzz began hours before the start of the race at the U.S. Olympic Track and Field Trials : Would one of the most-elusive records in long distance running set by a legend long dead finally fall ? It 's a question that has been asked at nearly every Olympic track trials since the brash Steve Prefontaine set the meet record for men 's 5,000 meters in 1972 . Sure , there have been runners since who have been more than capable of breaking the record . They just always came up short when it counted . The record , though , was not the most pressing issue on Galen Rupp 's mind when he stepped up to the starting line on a cool , crisp night last week at Hayward Field in Eugene , Oregon . His goal , he told reporters : a top-three finish that would guarantee him a ticket to the Olympics . Rupp , who had already qualified for the 10,000 meters , was running against the Kenyan-born Bernard Lagat , a favorite . Unseen , though , was another opponent : Prefontaine , whose presence decades after his death on May 30 , 1975 , at the age of 24 , has loomed large over long distance running in the United States . There are eerie similarities between Rupp and Prefontaine : Both were born and reared in Oregon , trained at the University of Oregon and later ran for the Oregon Track Club . And both matured as runners following their first Olympic appearance . Rupp finished out of the medals in the 10,000 meters at the Beijing Games in 2008 . Pre , as Prefontaine was known to fans , was charismatic and brash , predicting wins and sometimes taunting opponents . His following was huge by track standards , with thousands attending his races . At one point , an opponent donned a "  Stop Pre " T-shirt to counter fans , dubbed "  Pre 's People , " wearing "  Go Pre " shirts . At the 1972 Games in Munich , Prefontaine promised that if it came down to "  a pure guts race at the end , " he was the only one who could win . He placed fourth in a heartbreaking finish after leading for the last four laps of the 5,000 meters , a race that saw Finland 's Lasse Viren win gold in a late surge . By most accounts , he was a favorite to medal , if not win gold , at the 1976 Games in Montreal . Prefontaine died in a car accident hours after running his last race at Hayward Field . At the time of his death , he owned every American record between 2,000 and 10,000 meters and between two miles and six miles , according to stats provided by the University of Oregon . When 26-year-old Rupp took to the track for the 5,000 meters Thursday at Hayward Field , the same track where Prefontaine set the meet record in 1972 , he already owned an American record in the 10,000 meter . The crowd of thousands roared with the start of the race , just like they had decades earlier for Prefontaine 's race . "  This is the only place in the country , possibly the world , that you 're going to get that kind of reception for the 5,000 , " Rupp said later . It was n't surprising that Rupp led the last laps . The surprise was the finish , after Rupp was overtaken by Lagat in the final lap and then surged the final 20 meters to the finish line . Rupp 's time : 13:22.67 , less than two-tenths of a second ahead of Prefontaine 's 13:22.8 . "  To hear I got the record , that 's unreal , " Rupp told reporters shortly after the race . "  Anytime you 're mentioned in the same breath as Steve Prefontaine , it 's a huge compliment . " But more than that , Rupp 's record-breaking run opens the door for U.S. long distance runners to be considered contenders at the London Olympics . Only one American man has medaled since Frank Shorter won the gold medal in the marathon in 1972 and a silver medal in 1976 , and that was Meb Keflezighi , who won the silver in the marathon at the Athens Games in 2004 . Maybe , just maybe , Rupp will bring home the medal that eluded Prefontaine .	Steve Prefontaine set the 5,000 meter record at the U.S. Olympic trials in 1972 The meet record is one of the most elusive in track and field Galen Rupp broke the record by less than two-tenths of a second "  To hear I got the record , that 's unreal , " Rupp says
The Late-1980s pop culture relic "  21 Jump Street " was a primo specimen of a TV police procedural with a catchy hook : A team of fresh-faced cops work undercover as high school kids , reporting back to their tough/earnest boss at the address listed above . The hit series ran for four years , and was notably progressive in its willingness to incorporate newsmaking social issues , including AIDS , homophobia , and child abuse . But 25 years later , "  21 Jump Street " the TV show is remembered primarily as the career kickstarter of Johnny Depp as a young actor with an obvious something . As it turns out , dim memories and a new generation of pop culture consumers work to the great advantage of "  21 Jump Street " the movie : What this fast , cheeky , and very funny interpretation of the original premise sacrifices in teachable moments , it makes up for in intelligent giddiness . Shaped by the precocious comedic smarts of talent-on-a-roll Jonah Hill  who not only costars but also developed the story with Michael Bacall and is one of the executive producers  , the movie morphs into an action comedy with a tonal complexity that marks it as a very contemporary creative project . It 's part homage and part wink at the past . It jokes about high school but is also a sensitive sociological study of those crucial years . It bridges slapstick and action . It 's quick-witted with its pop references . Oh , have you heard ? Depp makes a delightful cameo appearance ! On the surface , "  21 Jump Street " follows the crime-fighting antics of odd-couple cop partners Schmidt  Hill  and Jenko  Channing Tatum  . Their wonky dynamic is established in a perfectly placed opening flashback to 2005 , when the two were real high school students -- Schmidt the klutzy , anxious nerd with a brain ; Jenko the athletic , academically challenged coolio . Seven years later , when both police rookies are coincidentally assigned to an undercover -- high schooler program , the duo are prepared to play out those same life scripts , until a mix-up alters fate . Schmidt is assigned a class schedule befitting a popular non-Einstein ; Jenko is shuffled into advanced-placement chemistry .  " Ap-chemistry , " he calls it , laboriously reading his course list . Given a do-over , the two get to reexperience those less than wonder years . They get to work issues out . And by the way they get to bust a drug ring fronted by a smart and popular guy played with oddball charisma by Dave Franco .  The curiosity is n't that he 's the brother of James Franco ; it 's that he 's so interestingly weird . Okay , like his brother . But that , as I say , is on the surface . Underneath , "  21 Jump Street " is a riot of risks that pay off , the biggest of which might be handing Tatum funny business . And now for the revelation : The guy 's got bust-out talents as a really funny , self-aware comic actor . With all appropriate salutes to the busy fellow 's famous abs , and with full forgiveness for his participation in "  The Vow , " I am feeling the Channing charm for the first time . And wow , those scenes where the smart actor , playing a " dumb " character who realizes he 's not as dumb as he has always believed he is , fakes playing a dumb guy to mess with his smart partner 's head are kind of perfect . Also , Tatum can sustain a great , I mean great , Dumb Face . Under the limber direction of Phil Lord and Christopher Miller  "  Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs "  , and working from a screenplay by Bacall -- a script jammed , by the way , with so many oinky references to male reproductive equipment that I choose to believe the producers were rising to a dare -- Hill and Tatum play their Mutt-and-Jeff act against a supporting cast equally fast on their feet . A refresher viewing of any old "  Jump Street " episode may sharpen your appreciation for the kind of earnest '80s - TV police captain that Ice Cube is tweaking in his funky turn as Schmidt and Jenko 's boss , but the joke is equally welcome without the historical background . Explaining why he 's assigning Schmidt and Jenko to shutting down the school drug ring after the death of one student , the captain tells it true : " This kid is white , so people actually give a s -- . " There 's room for laughs and truth at this newly reopened address . A - See the full article at EW.com	"  21 Jump Street " morphs into an action comedy with a tonal complexity What this interpretation sacrifices in teachable moments , it makes up for in intelligent giddiness Channing Tatum has got bust-out talents as a really funny , self-aware comic actor
SAN MIGUEL DEL MONTE , Argentina  CNN  -- In a small farming town 105 kilometers  65 miles  southwest of Buenos Aires , farmers are struggling to nourish their crops and feed their animals . The worst drought in half a century has turned Argentina 's once-fertile soil to dust and pushed the country into a state of emergency . Argentine farmers profited in years past from selling beef to the world , but some now struggle to feed their cattle . Cow carcasses litter the prairie fields and sun-scorched soy plants wither under the South American summer sun . Farmers are concerned about their livelihoods . "  I 'm losing money . I ca n't afford to lose money all the time , " said Juan Cahen D'Anvers , whose family has been farming in Argentina since the late 1700s . He owns 700 hectares  1,730 acres  in San Miguel del Monte , where he grows sunflowers and barley . He says this year is one of the hardest he 's ever had . Watch farmer explain how hard he 's been hit " "  Production is going to go down a minimum of 50 percent , maybe more . I do n't know yet , " he said . Argentina is one of the world 's breadbaskets , providing commodities such as soy , wheat , corn and beef to countries around the globe . In recent years , record-high prices for these products reaped millions of dollars for Argentine farmers , but since the global economic crisis hit , demand and profits have dropped . Now the drought is making matters even worse . Cesar Gioia , another San Miguel del Monte farmer , said time is growing short . "  If it does n't rain in the next 10 days , I will have to wipe out my entire corn crop , 90 hectares  220 acres  , " he said . "  The best I can do with it is feed it to my cows . " Facing pressure from farmers , Argentina President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner announced emergency measures this week that will exempt the worst-hit farmers from paying most taxes for one year . "  This is a big boost of patriotism , and a sign of support from all Argentines , " Kirchner said on January 26 . "  All other sectors of the economy will continue to contribute , so we can help the farmers who have been affected by this drought . " Kirchner has had a contentious relationship with farmers , who staged noisy protests and strikes last year over an increase in export taxes . Those taxes eventually were reduced , but farming leaders still contend that the government is out of touch with their needs . They say the measures announced this week fall short , and are demanding a cohesive , long-term plan for dealing with emergencies such as the current drought . If not , they say , they may strike again . Watch how farmers reacted to Kirchner 's move " "  Sure , this plan is approved now , and it helps , but we need money to feed cows , to go back to planting crops , because this drought is impacting life in every sector of society , " said Eduardo Buzzi of the Argentine Agrarian Federation . As she yanks dead soy plant vines from a dusty field in San Miguel del Monte , Lorena del Rios of the Argentina Rural Society says she expects the drought to affect both Argentine and overseas consumers , especially when it comes to Argentina 's world-famous beef . "  We will see less meat available , which means rising prices , " she said . "  There is even the possibility that in a few years Argentina will have to import beef , which is almost unthinkable for people here . "	Worst drought in 50 years is hitting Argentina Farmers say they are losing 50 percent or more of crops Cow carcasses litter the landscape while plants wither in the summer sun
Authorities in Mexico City say they 've rescued 46 women in a human trafficking bust . The women rescued included 27 Mexicans and 19 foreigners , Mexico City prosecutors said in a statement . Forty people were detained after a raid at the Cadillac table-dance club in the country 's capital over the weekend , prosecutors said . Fourteen of them face charges of human trafficking for sexual exploitation , the statement said . In 2011 , Mexico City 's human rights commission found there were "  alarming " human trafficking figures in the sprawling metropolis . While an estimated 10,000 women were victims of human trafficking in Mexico 's capital in 2010 , there were only 40 investigations of the crime and three convictions in the city that year , according to a report from the organization . Since then , the country has changed its constitution to combat human trafficking . The measures make human trafficking a federal crime , punishable by up to 40 years in prison . And it targets not only those involved in sex trafficking but also other forms of modern slavery , including forced labor and child pornography .	Prosecutors say 46 women were rescued after a weekend raid in Mexico City 14 people face charges of human trafficking , prosecutors say Mexico City 's human rights commission has criticized "  alarming " human trafficking stats
CNN  Having helped to plan my fair share of international conferences and summits , I know a real success when I see it . And the White House 's summit on countering violence and extremism this week was n't one . As an exercise in focusing on the homegrown aspects of countering extremism and facilitating better communication among religious , educational , community leaders and law enforcement , this week 's three-day meeting had merit . But if the purpose of the summit was to craft a strategy -- even a political one -- to help defeat the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria  ISIS  , then its impact is likely to prove very limited indeed . That goal -- if it can be accomplished at all -- will only be realized by demonstrating that ISIS ca n't expand the territory under its control and govern effectively in the territory it currently controls . And that will require a long war and a sustainable military and political strategy involving local and regional allies . Of course , it is understandable why the summit was called -- the Obama administration 's failure to send a high-level representative to Paris in the wake of the Charlie Hebdo terror attacks was widely criticized ; and the summit had been postponed once before . It was , therefore , particularly important that the President demonstrate leadership in the fight against extremism . And it has to be said that convening a meeting of some 60 nations is no small achievement . Indeed , perhaps the most useful contribution of gathering so many officials together was that it will aid coordination of domestic efforts on how to preempt homegrown radicalism among young people . In that sense , the President was right to refer to the challenge as generational , something American Muslims have been active and alert to even before the summit began . But the summit also highlighted the limitations , contradictions and flaws in the approach the administration has embraced . The President went to great lengths to offer a strategic view of how to combat ISIS that focused on the importance of changing the way states in the region govern themselves . "  When people are oppressed and human rights are denied , particularly along sectarian lines or ethnic lines , when dissent is silenced , it feeds violent extremism , " he said . There 's no doubt that bad governance -- or even no governance -- has enabled the rise and success of ISIS . But the suggestion that democracy is an antidote to radical Islam only shines a light on some of America 's key allies in the fight against ISIS , including the monarchies and sheikhdoms of the Arab Gulf , such as Saudi Arabia , Qatar , and states such as Egypt and Jordan . None could be described as anything close to a democracy , and none have any intention of undertaking serious reforms to become one . In fact , if the President wants to preserve his Sunni Arab coalition against ISIS , he 'll have to do the opposite of what he 's suggesting -- not push these countries to serious reform . Because if he does , they wo n't cooperate with him . This contradiction leads to a second problem -- the idea that a summit in Washington , or indeed anything made in America , will somehow lead to an effective counter narrative that will halt ISIS success at recruitment . The reality is that the United States has been particularly ill-suited to capturing the hearts and minds of Arab and Muslim youth , partly because of our policies in Iraq and Afghanistan , but also our support for authoritarian regimes , our drone strikes and our support for Israel . We may not actually have the problem in the right sequence . Instead of hearts and minds , it should be minds and hearts . First , you appeal to people on the basis of their interests , and then the emotional component follows . Many of the governments in the region lacking political inclusiveness and employment opportunities ca n't do this . And if their own governments ca n't provide a compelling alternative to the ISIS religious vision of some kind of Islamic caliphate , then how can the United States be expected to ? There may be many reasons why ISIS succeeds in attracting followers -- personal frustration , alienated lives , a perverted fascination with violence and terror , a sense of identity and belonging . The question , then , is how do you craft a compelling counter vision for young people in the region or aggrieved European Muslims other than to say hammer ISIS 's depravity ? And when you do that , you simply reinforce conspiracies about the West and supposed plots against Islam . Neither democratic reform in the Arab world  highly unlikely  , nor counter-messaging  probably ineffective  , will check the rise of ISIS . That can be achieved only by a military and political strategy designed to demonstrate that ISIS has failed . And that means containing and reversing the group 's gains through the use of air power , standing up local allies , marshaling a Sunni Arab coalition , and most likely by deploying additional U.S. Special Forces . There are many constraints inherent in this approach . Iranian-backed Shia militias feed ISIS recruitment by killing Sunnis . And Bashar al-Assad 's regime in Syria does the same . Meanwhile , ungoverned spaces in Libya and Yemen offer new opportunities for IS affiliates . But stopping ISIS gains and rolling them back in Iraq and over time in Syria are critical , and would be the best counter-narrative possible . The legitimacy of ISIS , Graeme Wood argues in a must-read piece in The Atlantic , depends on its ability to control territory -- its putative caliphate . In fact , that 's what gives ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi his legitimacy . Rolling that back in Iraq and bleeding ISIS in Syria is the only way to demonstrate that the group has failed to deliver . All this underscores that we are in a long war , and one that will include some tough choices -- including how to deal with al-Assad , Iranian ambitions in Iraq , non-democratic allies , and the deployment of additional U.S. forces on the ground . Right now , however , this is the best approach we have . Hold another summit and try hearts and minds if you must . But the fight against ISIS will be won on the ground by showing the world that this quasi-state that aspires to re-create an 8th century , violent form of Islamic rule will not succeed in the 21st .	White House hosted summit this week on countering extremism Aaron David Miller : Fight against ISIS will be won on the ground
CNN  -- Rights groups are warning of a backlash against activists in Sri Lanka following a landmark United Nations resolution calling for an international inquiry into abuses at the end of the country 's civil war . The U.N. 's Human Rights Council passed a resolution Thursday calling for a "  comprehensive investigation into alleged serious violations and abuses of human rights " allegedly committed both by Sri Lankan government forces and the separatist Tamil Tigers in the final stages of the country 's brutal 26-year civil war . The resolution -- the Council 's third directed at Sri Lanka in recent years , but the first explicitly calling for an independent probe -- tasked the U.N. 's Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights with conducting the investigation . Sponsored by countries including the United States and Britain , the resolution was supported by 23 members of the 47-member Human Rights Council , with 12 opposed and 12 abstentions . In comments on a government website , Sri Lanka 's President Mahinda Rajapaksa said his government rejected the resolution , saying it did not help efforts at national reconciliation . The government would press ahead with its own healing process by pursuing recommendations made by its Lessons Learned and Reconciliation Commission , he said . A bloody end The Sri Lankan civil war ended in May 2009 with the crushing defeat of the Tamil Tigers in their heartland in the north of the island . According to a report by a panel appointed by U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , government troops were responsible for abuses including the intentional shelling of civilians , summary executions , rape , and blocking food and medicine from reaching affected communities . One report estimates up to 40,000 Tamil civilians may have been killed in the war 's final stages . The Tigers similarly stand accused of abuses , including using child soldiers , deploying civilians as human shields , and killing those who tried to escape . The Human Rights Council resolution also expresses "  serious concern " at conditions that rights organizations claim persist in Sri Lanka -- including the intimidation of activists , disappearances and torture . Sri Lanka 's government has consistently denied the allegations against it , and claims it faces a renewed threat of Tamil separatists regrouping in the country 's north . This week , it banned the Tamil government-in-exile and 15 other Tamil groups operating in the U.S. , Britain , Canada , Australia and Norway , accusing them of committing and supporting terrorism . Amnesty International 's representative to the U.N. in Geneva , Peter Splinter , told CNN that the move would add to a climate that made it difficult for NGO staff , journalists and others interacting with Tamil groups , as it could render them vulnerable to anti-terror laws . "  The consequences of that is that anyone dealing with those organizations will be subject to accusations of cooperating with terrorism -- that brings them within the parameters of a rather draconian piece of legislation , the Prevention of Terrorism Act , " he said . ` Culture of impunity ' Rights groups have welcomed the U.N. resolution , with David Griffiths , Asia-Pacific deputy director at Amnesty International , saying it brought "  new hope for the thousands of victims of abuses in Sri Lanka , " and presented the country 's government with the opportunity "  to restore some international credibility by cooperating with the investigation . " But they say that Sri Lanka appeared to be responding to the increased international scrutiny by demonstrating a renewed determination to crack down on dissent . Fred Carver of the UK-based Sri Lanka Campaign for Peace and Justice said the recent arrests of prominent human rights activists Ruki Fernando and Rev. Praveen Mahesan under anti-terror laws highlighted the "  culture of impunity " in which the government was operating . Shortly after Fernando was released after more than two days of detention last month , he told CNN he believed his arrest was part of "  a deliberate attempt to intimidate and suppress any form of dissent , criticism or challenge , and clearly not allow people outside Sri Lanka to know what 's happening inside the country . " Fernando , who Carver said had since been instructed by the government not to speak with media , said the security personnel questioning him seemed interested in whether he was sharing information with people behind the U.N. resolution in Geneva . Splinter said the crackdown on activists and civil society figures appeared calculated to send a message to potential witnesses not to cooperate with the U.N. inquiry , which was scheduled to deliver an oral report to the Human Rights Council in September , and a written report in March . He said Sri Lanka 's refusal to cooperate with the probe would likely not prove an issue , as similar commissions of inquiry into abuses in Syria and North Korea had progressed without the involvement of those governments . A crucial consideration , though , would be safeguarding the protection of witnesses , as even those in the diaspora would likely have family members remaining in Sri Lanka who could be vulnerable to potential retribution , he said . READ MORE : Are Sri Lanka 's ` anti-terror ' arrests an attempt to intimidate activists ?	The U.N. has moved to launch an international inquiry into alleged abuses in Sri Lanka 's civil war Rights groups warn Sri Lanka is responding to scrutiny with a hard line on dissent Some advocates say recent arrests seem intended to discourage testimony Sri Lanka has banned Tamil groups operating in the West , accusing them of terrorism
CNN  -- Maria Sharapova suffered a shock defeat in the second round at Wimbledon Wednesday after being beaten by Portuguese qualifier Michelle Larcher De Brito . Third seed Sharapova , who won the tournament in 2004 , was brushed aside 6-3 6-4 by a player ranked 131 in the world . The Russian appeared to be unhappy with the conditions of the grass court and fell during the second set and appeared to tell the umpire that "  this court is dangerous . " But after receiving treatment for her fall , she was unable to stave off one of the biggest Wimbledon upsets in recent years . "  I just tried to stay calm , " Larcher De Brito told the BBC . "  I was playing so well I thought I could keep it up and I just hung in there . She 's a fighter , she just would n't give up for anything . "  There 's lot of grass that 's been cut and not been swept up so there 's a lot of dead grass so it 's not been easy . It 's a tough court to play on . " Sharapova slipped and fell on Court Two on a couple of occasions and needed a time out to receive treatment to her left hip after the eighth game of the second set . "  It was a combination of everything , " World No. 3 Sharapova told the BBC . "  I give her a lot of credit , she played extremely well today , really solid from the baseline , I do n't think I was aggressive enough . I just was n't there . " When asked about the slippery nature of the court and her comment about the surface being dangerous , she added : "  I do n't think I 've ever fallen three times in a match before in my career , so that was a little strange . "  Well , after I buckled my knee three times , that 's obviously my first reaction . " Sharapova also believes that players should be entitled to practice on the main courts in order to prepare for the tournament . She added : "  The first few days , you just know that they 're going to just be really different . " The victory is De Brito 's greatest yet with this win representing the first time she has beaten a player ranked inside the top five . The 20-year-old , who will play Karin Knapp of Italy for a place in the last 16 , has never progressed past the third round of a grand slam . De Brito courted controversy in 2009 when she was criticized for her fierce shrieking and her form suffered as a result following mocking by fans . But encouraged by her father , Antonio , who also doubles up as her De Brito 's coach , she bounced back with the love and help of her family . "  If you lose enough times , you think , What am I doing ? That 's where my family stepped in and helped me get pumped up , " she said . "  I 've been working extra hard in these practices , giving 120 % in practices . My dad really pushed me a lot . "  When I was 16 I was in the top 100 and everybody was comparing me to Martina Hingis , expecting me to win a Grand Slam at that age . "  But that does n't happen anymore , winning Grand Slams so young . Tennis is so competitive now and so hard , it 's hard to stay there . "  I ca n't say enough good things about my father because he helped me a lot . It 's easy to lose motivation . But with these wins , it 's definitely going to help . " Elsewhere , ninth seed Caroline Wozniacki crashed out following a 6-2 6-2 defeat by Czech Petra Cetkovska , while former World No. 1 Ana Ivanovic was beaten by 2012 junior champion Eugenie Bouchard . The Canadian prevailed 6-3 6-3 on Centre Court and will play Spain 's Carla Suarez Navarro in the next round . Monica Puig is through to the third round where she will play Czech Eva Birnerova . Puig , 19 , built on her first round win over fifth seed Sara Errani by defeating Silvia Soler-Espinosa of Spain 6-2 5-7 6-4 . U.S star Sloane Stephens defeated Andrea Petkovic of Germany in three sets , winning 8-6 in the decider .	Maria Sharapova crashes out of Wimbledon at second round stage World No. 3 beaten by Portuguese qualifier Michelle Larcher De Brito De Brito ranked 131 in the world and has not progressed further than third round at grand slam
Hong Kong  CNN  -- State-run media in China has lambasted Apple Inc. for "  unparalleled arrogance " over alleged complaints about customer service in China . The Wednesday opinion piece in the Chinese state-run newspaper , the People 's Daily , is one of a series of attacks against the U.S. tech giant by Chinese media since a closely watched consumer affairs show aired on the Chinese state broadcaster CCTV on March 15 . CCTV alleged that Apple provides inferior service to Chinese customers , such as a warranty policy that is different from other countries . "  If you insist on challenging Chinese customers ' love and patience , and continue to be heedless , then your business will eventually decline no matter how glamorous or successful your brand is , " said the editorial , one of several articles published this week in the People 's Daily critical of Apple . Apple declined to comment on the editorial . In a previous statement made Saturday after the CCTV exposÃ © aired , Apple said that its practices in China are "  completely legal . " "  We have been working to exceed consumers ' expectations , and we highly value every customer 's criticism and suggestions , " the statement said . "  Apple 's Chinese warranty is more or less the same as in the U.S. and all over the world . " Apple also says it provides a 90-day guarantee on repairs , which is three times longer than required under Chinese law . The People 's Daily editorial also called for China to regulate the practices of foreign businesses and to protect its own consumers and the domestic market . Apple was n't the only foreign company targeted in the CCTV broadcast . Volkswagen announced last week it would recall nearly 385,000 cars in China after the CCTV program questioned the safety of the direct shift gearbox in some Volkswagen models . READ MORE : Volkswagen to recall 384,181 vehicles in China After the CCTV broadcast aired , Chinese celebrities posted comments on social media sites in support of the program . Children 's literature writer Zheng Yuanjie wrote , "  I hope the missing part on Apple 's logo is n't their conscience , " according to the South China Morning Post . But a comment from the Weibo account of Taiwanese-American actor , Peter Ho , that included the words "  To be published around 8.20 pm " raised suspicions that the Chinese stars had been recruited to post negative comments . READ MORE : Chinese TV caught asking celebrities to bash Apple Ho later deleted the comment and claimed his account had been hacked . Social media sites in China have been flooded with criticism against the negative media reports about Apple , claiming that the press is avoiding more serious problems affecting the country . Analysts say that the smear campaign could be linked to Apple 's expansion in the Chinese market . China is Apple 's fastest growing market and second largest after the U.S. Apple 's sales in the greater China region , which includes Hong Kong and Taiwan , rose 67 % last year to $ 6.93 billion from $ 4.08 billion in 2011 .	Chinese media accused Apple of providing inferior service to local customers Netizens suspect celebrities were recruited to criticize Apple on social media Apple says its practices in China are "  completely legal " A leading Chinese newspaper lambasted Apple 's "  unparalleled arrogance " over complaints
CNN  -- "  It 's tough to make predictions , especially about the future " is an aphorism attributed to the great baseball player Yogi Berra . But one topic where pundits , politicians and prognosticators of every persuasion do n't have any problem about making pessimistic predictions is terrorism . The Winter Olympics in Sochi , Russia , was an Olympic-level example of this . In the lead-up to the Games , the airwaves were filled with glum predictions that Sochi would be the 1972 Munich Olympics on steroids . Rep. Michael McCaul , R-Texas , chairman of the U.S. House Homeland Security Committee , told Fox News , "  There 's a high degree of probability that something will detonate , something will go off . ... But I do think it 's probably , most likely going to happen outside the ` ring of steel ' at the Olympic Village . " Similarly , Michael G. Grimm , co-chair of the House Russian Caucus , issued a press release headlined , "  Sochi Olympics Can not Become a Benghazi Nightmare . " The New York Republican warned , "  We can not sweep these threats under the rug , like we did with Benghazi or the warnings from Russia on the Tsarnaev brother behind the Boston Marathon bombing . Each time we fail to recognize these threats , we not only risk the lives of innocent Americans , but appear weaker and vulnerable in the eyes of the enemy . " Bill Rathburn , who directed security for the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , in an interview with Yahoo News predicted of Sochi , "  It 's not a matter of whether there will be some incident , it 's just a matter of how bad it 's going to be . " No wonder that two days before the Sochi Olympics , more than half of Americans believed a terrorist attack on the Games was likely , according to a CNN/ORC poll . Now cue up the swarms of "  black widows " descending on Sochi to kill themselves along with many Olympic spectators . And then the Games were held and ... nothing happened It turned out that the most terrifying image from Sochi was the look of disgust on the face of American figure skater Ashley Wagner when she learned of her lower-than-expected score . Sochi is only the most recent example of the hyperventilating hyperbole of the doomsday terrorism prognosticators . Because so many folks were caught flat-footed by 9/11 , some seem to overcompensate by keeping up a steady drumbeat of dire terror warnings . In November , House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers , R-Michigan , told CNN that al Qaeda "  poses a bigger threat to attack inside the U.S. right now than it did before 9/11 . " Rogers ' statement defies common sense . Before 9/11 , al Qaeda had an entire county , Afghanistan , as a safe haven ; its training camps there churned out thousands of militants every year ; it had access to funding substantial enough so that it could spend several hundred thousand dollars on the 9/11 plot . It was a formidable enemy . Now al Qaeda 's safe haven is long gone ; the group has n't mounted any successful attack in the States since 9/11 or , for that matter , anywhere in the West since the London transportation system bombings in 2005 . On 9/11 , the United States had never used armed drones in combat . Since then , the CIA has launched 370 drone strikes at suspected militant targets in Pakistan . During President Barack Obama 's tenure alone , those drone strikes have killed more than 30 of al Qaeda 's leaders in Pakistan . Not only that : The United States is a much harder target than it was on 9/11 . Then there were 16 people on the U.S. "  no fly " list . Today there are more than 20,000 . In 2001 , there were 32 Joint Terrorism Task Force "  fusion centers , " where multiple law enforcement agencies worked together to chase down leads and build terrorism cases . Now there are 103 . The U.S. intelligence budget also grew dramatically after 9/11 . In 2010 , the United States spent more than $ 80 billion on intelligence collection and other covert activities , much of it directed at terrorist groups -- more than three times what the country spent in 1998 . At the time of the 9/11 attacks , the U.S. Department of Homeland Security , the National Counterterrorism Center and the Transportation Security Administration all did n't exist . All these new post-9 / 11 institutions make it much harder for terrorists to operate in the United States . The gloom and doom about terrorism becomes much worse when the specter of terrorists deploying chemical , biological , radiological or nuclear weapons is added to the mix . Graham Allison , the respected political scientist and founding dean of Harvard 's Kennedy School of Government , published a book in 2004 titled "  Nuclear Terrorism , which garnered considerable attention with its prediction that "  on the current path , a nuclear terrorist attack on America in the decade ahead is more likely than not . " Of course , now we are a decade later , and nothing of the sort has happened . Indeed , a striking finding of a database of every jihadist terrorism case in the United States since 9/11 maintained by the New America Foundation is that not one of the more than 200 individuals who were indicted or convicted of a jihadist terrorism crime acquired , manufactured or deployed chemical , biological or radiological weapons , let alone a nuclear device . It 's relatively easy to say the sky is always falling . Indeed , given the human capacity for evil , bad things are , indeed , going to happen . But when the sky does n't fall , which is much of the time when it comes to terrorism , the doomsday prognosticators are rarely held to account . In any event , they are too busy warning of the next catastrophe .	Before Sochi Olympics , predictions of terrorist action were rampant Peter Bergen says the Games were unaffected and predictions turned out to be wrong He says such forecasts fit into a long history of "  sky is falling " warnings Bergen : Statements that al Qaeda represents big threat to U.S. now are off base
Washington  CNN  -- By the time President Barack Obama walked into a packed auditorium at the White House Monday , his economic message for the day had already been eclipsed by the unfolding tragedy at the Washington Navy Yard . And that was before the city 's mayor announced that 12 people and the gunman had been shot dead . As the White House shifted again into disaster-response mode , the president 's already-full plate got a lot fuller . And while the executive branch is more than capable of keeping multiple balls in the air , the topics Obama has been looking to push for months are again receding into the background . Here are five things Obama thought he 'd spend his Monday doing : 1 -- The financial crisis , five years later On September 15 , 2008 , that financial services giant Lehman Brothers filed for what would become the largest bankruptcy in U.S. history -- launching an economic spiral that saw the unemployment rate spike , home prices plummet and the auto industry sink into insolvency . On Monday , the president planned to mark the five-year anniversary of the financial crisis with a robust accounting of his own achievements in bringing the economy back from the brink and to warn congressional Republicans not to risk another downturn by playing politics with the country 's finances . "  At the moment , Republicans in Congress do n't seem to be focused on how to grow the economy and build the middle class , " Obama said at his Monday event , which was pushed back almost an hour as law enforcement officers flooded the Washington Navy Yard in the southeastern part of the city . His economic remarks come just weeks before major financial deadlines , including the end of the federal government 's 2013 fiscal year on Sept. 30 . Obama must also narrow down his list of potential replacements for Ben Bernanke as chairman of the Federal Reserve , a list that no longer includes Larry Summers , a former adviser who Sunday withdrew his name from consideration . But the economic message Monday came only after Obama noted the shooting that had just taken place across town , offering the now-familiar assurances that the perpetrator of the attack would be held responsible . "  We 're going to be investigating thoroughly what happened , as we do so many of these shootings , sadly , that have happened , and do everything that we can to try to prevent them , " Obama said , before moving on to the latest developments in ... 2 -- Syria . The crisis over Bashar al-Assad 's chemical weapons had occupied the bulk of the president 's time during the past two weeks , but on Monday the attack in Washington led his morning meetings . White House officials said Obama was briefed "  several times " by his top counterterrorism officials on the unfolding Navy Yard situation . At the same time , officials at the United Nations were putting final touches on a long-awaited report that confirmed what many already suspected -- that sarin gas loaded onto rockets was used to kill more than a thousand Syrians in August . The report did n't place blame for the attacks ; that did n't stop Obama 's National Security Adviser Susan Rice from asserting in a statement the report "  reinforces our assessment that these attacks were carried out by the Syrian regime . " While a diplomatic solution hammered out over the weekend between the United States and Russia may provide a way to avoid a military strike on Syria , the accord is by no means final . "  We took an important step in that direction towards moving Syria 's chemical weapons under international control so they can be destroyed , " Obama said at his Monday event . "  And we 're not there yet , but if properly implemented , this agreement could end the threat these weapons pose , not only to the Syrian people but to the world . " Under the U.S.-Russia plan , Assad has a week to provide a list of his chemical weapons , where they 're located and how they were made . But experts are n't certain he 'll comply with the demands , leaving open the possibility of American airstrikes against his regime . That 's a possibility Obama says he 's ready for -- though lawmakers from both parties have shown no renewed willingness to approve military strikes in the country . An Obama administration onslaught to persuade senators and congressmen to vote for strikes was met with skepticism last week . For Congress , the Syria debate was a shift from the battle over the government 's finances , which some Republicans are using to harden their opposition to ... 3 -- Obamacare . The largest piece of legislation Obama can claim -- 2010 's Affordable Care Act -- is only beginning to take effect amid ever-louder cries from Republicans that it 's bad for patients , doctors and businesses . A group of GOP lawmakers say they 'll oppose any government funding plan that maintains funding for Obamacare , effectively threatening a government shutdown if the law stays in effect . The law 's health care exchanges take effect Oct. 1 , and the Obama administration has been hurriedly pressing healthy young people to register . Without them , rates on the exchanges will be higher . The rollout of Obamacare has n't always been smooth , a fact Obama has said should be expected for a large law that enacts major changes to the health insurance landscape . But as the rollout date approaches , polls show that Americans are wildly confused about the law 's implications . In one survey , many were n't even sure it was still a law . Obama has deployed a parade of high-profile supporters -- including former President Bill Clinton -- to help convince Americans the law offers them a better deal on health insurance . And on Monday he noted that "  just two weeks from now , millions of Americans who 've been locked out of buying health insurance just because they had a pre-existing condition , just because they had been sick or they could n't afford it , they 're finally going to have a chance to buy quality , affordable health care on the private marketplace . " And then there 's : 4 -- Immigration What seemed like a momentum-fueled bill to overhaul the nation 's immigration system was met with a wall of opposition in the House over the summer , and debate has n't restarted amid the haggling over government funding and the flurry of briefings on Syria 's chemical weapons . Obama has strongly urged lawmakers to take up the reform measure , and he said in an interview that aired Sunday the Senate bill would pass if it was put up for a vote in the House . 5 -- Floods out West It 's hurricane season on the East Coast , but the weather disaster over the weekend was playing out thousands of miles away in the Mountain West , where days of heavy rain caused massive flooding that cut off towns and left at least eight people dead . The catastrophe occupied much of the president 's time last week ; on Thursday he signed a disaster declaration for Colorado , and on Sunday he told Gov. John Hickenlooper in a phone call that he was deploying his emergency management chief to assess the damage .	The shooting at the Washington Navy Yard led President Obama 's talk about the economy Obama later touted his achievements since the financial crisis started five years ago Obama spent the last few weeks addressing the chemical weapons situation in Syria Obamacare 's rollout , the stalled immigration bill have gotten lost in the shuffle
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has sent out a warning to hospitals about a new antibiotic-resistant bacteria , carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae , or CRE . While this strain of bacteria is not new , it has become more common in the last 10 years or so and has now become prevalent enough to warrant a higher level of concern . It 's worth backing up for a second to discuss what all of this means . We use antibiotics to treat bacterial infections . When we first started developing antibiotics , such infections were easier to cure . But over time , the bacteria evolved . They developed the ability to fight the antibiotics that we use . They pass on this ability to resist treatment to bacteria that follow . Over time , we are often forced to develop new antibiotics to beat infections that were previously treated easily . News : CDC : ` Nightmare bacteria ' spreading This is what has happened here with CRE . Over time , these bacteria have become harder and harder to treat . The old antibiotics do n't work as well . In this case , CRE infections kill about half of patients who have bloodstream infections . This is more than twice as many people who die from similar infections with antibiotic-susceptible strains . Right now , CRE only are of concern to certain susceptible patients in the hospital . It 's not common in the community , and most of the warnings are directed at hospitals , imploring them to take precautions to isolate patients and prevent spread in the inpatient setting . The nightmare scenario , though , is that this bacteria will get out into the community . This is n't fear-mongering . Years ago , Staphylococcus aureus infections were also relatively easy to treat . Over time , though , a strain of bacteria , known as Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus , or MRSA , became a problem in hospitals . The CDC issued warnings to hospitals to take precautions to prevent its spread . Over time , though , it got out into the community . A 2008 study of children who came into an emergency department with skin abscesses , or infections , found that about 75 % of them were caused by MRSA . Luckily , we still have medications , such as trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole , to treat these infections . When that fails , though , things will become even more concerning . Put another way , when I was training , we would have almost never considered MRSA as the cause of a skin infection . These days , though , we pretty much assume it 's the cause , and treat with stronger drugs . Most people believe that the injudicious use of antibiotics is to blame for these developments . Every time we use antibiotics , we give bacteria a chance to evolve . We kill off those susceptible to the drugs and leave those that have developed resistance . Each time we use antibiotics unnecessarily , say to treat a virus , we make the problem worse . Each time we use them improperly , or for too short a period of time , we do the same . These days , we 're putting them in everything , from soap , to lotion , to the food that animals eat . This is a real public health issue . Creating more resistant strains is a serious long-term problem . The new warning is panicking a lot of people , but for the wrong reasons . You 're very , very unlikely to get a CRE infection anytime in the near future . It 's important that hospitals work to prevent that problem from getting worse , but almost everyone reading about it this week will be unaffected by it . It 's much , much more likely , though , that these same people will ask for antibiotics when they get a cold . That 's the kind of thing that will lead to future problems . That 's the kind of thing we need to stop now .	Aaron Carroll says rise in drug-resistant bacteria CRE should concern us all He says bacterial strains -- like MSRA a few years ago -- evolve to resist antibiotics Concern is over spread in hospitals now , but bug could get out into community , he says Carroll : Misuse of antibiotics gives bacteria chance to evolve -- a real public health danger
Tuscaloosa , Alabama  CNN  -- Leveled buildings , fallen trees and massive piles of rubble stretched across wide swaths of the South after destructive tornadoes and severe storms tore through the region . By early Friday , the death toll from the wave of powerful storms that struck Wednesday and early Thursday was nearly 300 people in six states . In the city of Tuscaloosa alone , at least 36 people lost their lives . Officials scrambled to assess the damage as doctors treated hundreds of injured . Dazed residents wandered the streets , telling harrowing tales of devastation and survival . Employees huddled in a windowless break room at a CVS drug store in Tuscaloosa as a tornado approached and a deafening roar filled the air , store manager Michael Zutell said . A mother cradling an infant sprinted inside just before the twister hit . "  Glass is breaking . The woman with the baby is screaming . Part of the drop ceiling fell and boxes fly in , " he said . No one inside the store was injured , Zutell said . "  It 's mind-boggling to think you walked away . " Nurse Rachel Mulder said she and her husband rode out the storm in the bathtub of their second-floor apartment in Duncanville , Alabama . After the tornado passed , only their bathroom was standing . "  My husband was walking around , looking for survivors and called me over and said ... ` Come here , someone is dying . ' So I grabbed my first-aid kit and ran down the stairs to try and help her , " she said . "  I tried to stop her bleeding and save her , but she was taking her last breath . " Bill Dutton found his mother-in-law 's body hundreds of yards from the site of her Pleasant Grove , Alabama , home , which was swept away down to the foundation . "  The last thing she said on the phone , she was taking shelter in a closet , " he said . Reba Self frantically searched for her mother after a tornado pummelled their home in Ringgold , Georgia . "  I 'm screaming for her , ` Answer me , Mom -- please , Mom , answer me . ' I did n't hear anything . It turns out she had gotten out of the house and walked around to the basement door , and she asked me if I was OK . " Now , they 're trying to make the best of the situation . "  I 'm laughing at her because she 's in the house with a broom , sweeping . I told her , ` Mom , the house is gone , you can put the broom down , ' " Self said . The widespread devastation in areas across the South left residents reeling Thursday . "  It looks like an atomic bomb went off in a straight line , " said Dr. Brian Wilhite , an internist at Druid City Hospital in Tuscaloosa who tended to the wounded . The facility was overrun with hundreds of people who suffered injuries , including head injuries or lacerations , he said . "  It looked more like a Vietnam War site than a hospital , " Wilhite said . "  I know one physician who watched two people die right in front of him . There was nothing he could do . " A video shot from the third floor of the University of Alabama 's basketball coliseum shows a large mass sucking everything into forbidding dark clouds above . Christopher England , who recorded the video , said the tornado looked like a movie scene . "  It was unreal to see something that violent and something that massive , " he said . Tuscaloosa Mayor Walter Maddox estimated that the destruction spanned a length of five to seven miles , and was a mile wide in some areas . The challenges facing the city were daunting . The mayor said they were short on manpower , materials and equipment . The lifelong resident of Tuscaloosa said the damage was unlike anything he had seen before . "  I do n't know how anyone survived , " he said . CNN 's Wayne Drash , Reynolds Wolf , Mariano Castillo , Matt Cherry and Martin Savidge contributed to this report	Nearly 300 are killed across the South , and dozens are killed in Tuscaloosa , Alabama Survivors tell harrowing tales of the storm Witness : "  It looked like an atomic bomb went off in a straight line " "  It 's mind-boggling to think you walked away , " one survivor says
CNN  Atletico Madrid stunned their city rivals Real after thrashing them 4-0 in what must count as one of the most humiliating derby defeats in recent memory . The Spanish champions took a first half lead after Real 's goalkeeper Iker Casillas fumbled Tiago 's shot into his own net . Although there was little Casillias could do about Saul Niguez 's stunning overhead kick that gave Atletico a 2-0 halftime lead . The visitors had hoped to cement their strong position in this season 's title battle with the return of Cristiano Ronaldo , who had been suspended for two matches following a sending off last month . But Atletico pushed on in the second half with goals from Antoine Griezmann and Mario Mandzukic sealing a historic derby day victory . Atletico are now unbeaten against Real in six matches . Angry Ancelotti "  It is easy to analyze this game because Atletico were better in every facet of the game : they fought more , had more quality on the ball , had better organization , everything , " Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti told AFP after the match , calling it "  the worst game we have played since I have been coach . " "  We will reflect on it in the coming days with a cool head . We will suffer a lot from this defeat , but we need to change this attitude and avoid it happening in another game in the future , " he added . "  We failed at everything , we lost all the tackles , all the high balls . We did n't have one player who played well . " Ronaldo unhappy Equally as unhappy was Cristiano Ronaldo . His return from suspension did little to revive what was a limp and lifeless Real performance . "  Real Madrid can not lose 4-0 against anyone , " said Ronaldo . "  We lacked desire , attitude , everything . The team was n't fresh mentally or physically , but there are no excuses . The damage is done . " Atletico coach Diego Simeone , meanwhile , was ecstatic at his team 's performance . "  I always insist that the players are the most important people , " he said . "  Today their capacity to understand what we needed and execute it was fantastic . " The victory has revived Atletico 's flagging title aspirations . They sit in third , with Real 's lead at the top cut to seven points . Barcelona , in second place and four points behind Real , will hope to take advantage Sunday when they play Athletic Bilbao	Real lost 4-0 in the Madrid derby They lost despite return of Cristiano Ronaldo Atletico now unbeaten in six Madrid derbies
CNN  -- It has long been the final destination for terminally ill patients who want to end their lives , offering what many consider to be a dignified way out of their suffering . But now , Switzerland is proposing legislation that would limit the practice of assisted suicide to people who are terminally ill -- or ban it altogether . If either proposal is adopted , people suffering from a chronic illness or who have a mental illness could no longer legally take advantage of assisted suicide . The Swiss Federal Council says it does n't necessarily want to end the country 's liberal laws , which allow someone to assist a suicide as long as they are not motivated by their own interests . But the council says organizations that provide assisted suicide in Switzerland -- such as the well known Dignitas clinic -- are increasingly testing the boundaries of the law , requiring the government to lay out specific guidelines and restrictions . Recent cases have drawn more attention to "  suicide tourism , " in which people who ca n't legally seek assisted suicide in their home countries travel to Switzerland , where it is allowed . Dan James , a 23-year-old British rugby player , ended his life at a Swiss assisted suicide clinic last year . He had been paralyzed from the neck down in a rugby accident . His illness was chronic but not terminal . James ' case drew headlines when his parents , who accompanied their son to Switzerland , returned home to questions from police . In the end , the Jameses were not prosecuted . Multiple sclerosis sufferer Debbie Purdy won a high-profile battle in June to have Britain 's law on assisted suicide clarified . Purdy , who has said she wants the option of assisted suicide if her condition deteriorates , wanted to know at what point her husband might be prosecuted if he accompanied her to an assisted suicide clinic . Purdy 's case went all the way to the Law Lords , Britain 's highest court , who ordered the director of public prosecutions to issue a new policy on assisted suicide . He did so last month . Multiple sclerosis is chronic disease and some times can be terminal , leaving open the question whether Purdy might qualify if the new Swiss proposals are approved . At least 117 Britons have traveled abroad for an assisted suicide since 2002 , at an average of two a month , according to Dignity in Dying , which advocates giving terminally ill adults the option of assisted suicide . Switzerland 's Parliament is now considering two proposals from the federal council , the seven-member cabinet that heads the government . Consultations on the proposals will last until March . The first option would ensure that the person committing suicide is doing it of their own free will , and that the person assisting them is not driven by personal gain . It would also make assisted suicide an option only for those suffering from a terminal illness -- not for those suffering from a chronic or mental illness . The suicidal person would have to declare that he has given "  long and proper consideration " to his decision , " according to the council . That is intended to prevent spur-of-the-moment decisions that have not been thought through , the council says . Patients must also present two different doctor 's certificates from two different doctors , one stating that they have the legal capacity to decide their options for themselves , and the other stating that they suffer from an incurable physical illness that will result in death within a short period . For those with chronic or mental illnesses , the council said it supports "  comprehensive treatment , care and support , in the sense of palliative medicine " rather than suicide . Those assisting with suicide face criminal charges if they do n't make sure of these steps , the council says . They must also discuss alternatives to suicide with the patient , and must not accept payment for their services that would exceed the costs and expenses of the suicide . "  This provision ensures that those assisting a suicide are not driven by personal gain , and that their prime motivation is to help the person who wishes to die , " the council says . "  The Federal Council firmly believes that , by determining these duties of care , the negative aspects and abuse of organized assisted suicide can be prevented , and ` suicide tourism ' can be reduced . " The council says it prefers stricter legislation for assisted suicide , but it is also giving Parliament a second option for a complete ban on organized assisted suicide . "  This option rests on the belief that individuals working in assisted suicide organizations are never actually motivated by purely altruistic reasons , and may develop a close relationship with the suicidal person , " the council says . Dignity in Dying said it welcomes the first option , restricting assisted suicide to terminally ill , mentally competent people . "  Individual patient autonomy has to be balanced against the need to protect potentially vulnerable people , " the group said in a statement Thursday . "  This proposal seeks to address this balance . "	Switzerland has reputation for lax laws on assisted suicide Authorities proposing regulations that would put limits on the the practise Recent cases have drawn attention to "  suicide tourism "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Famed actress Elizabeth Taylor has shown "  steady improvement " since she was taken to a Los Angeles hospital last week for treatment of a heart problem , her representative said . Taylor , 78 , has been "  comfortable over the past few days , " according to a statement released Tuesday afternoon . She checked into Cedars-Sinai Medical Center a week ago for "  symptoms caused by congestive heart failure , " which an "  ongoing condition , " representative Jamie Caldwell said last week . "  Since being admitted , there has been steady improvement in her condition , " the latest statement said . Taylor will stay at Cedars-Sinai for "  continued monitoring , " the statement said . "  Her medical team is gratified by her progress to date , and it is hoped and expected that this will continue over the next few days , " it said . The London-born movie star has won two Academy Awards for best actress : for "  Butterfield 8 " in 1961 and "  Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf " in 1967 . When doctors repaired a leaky heart valve in October 2009 , Taylor posted a Twitter message saying it "  was like having a brand new ticker . " The actress has used Twitter over the past two years to communicate with fans and dispel the occasional rumor reported on celebrity gossip websites . However , a message she tweeted last Wednesday was her first in nearly six months . The tweet pointed fans to an interview she gave to Kim Kardashian in Harper 's Bazaar magazine . "  I like the connection with fans and people who have been supportive of me . " Taylor told Kardashian when asked about Twitter . "  And I love the idea of real feedback and a two-way street , which is very , very modern . But sometimes I think we know too much about our idols and that spoils the dream . So , like all things , it is to be used with care ! " CNN 's Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	Taylor is "  comfortable " as she 's monitored for a heart condition The actress is expected to stay in the hospital for "  the next few days , " rep says Congestive heart failure is an "  ongoing condition " for Taylor , 78 , rep says
CNN  -- The scene : Muirfield 's short-game practice area last July . It 's Open Championship week and a boy who looks about 14 is playing from the bunker next to Rory McIlroy and Luke Donald . Only his girlfriend is watching him : all cameras are focused on the two British stars . Two children are stopping every player leaving the practice ground , asking for autographs . When it 's his turn , the young man pauses , smiles and signs . They thank him . He 's just started to walk away when one of the children calls after him : "  Excuse me , Mr. ... " -- the player stops and turns -- " ... but who are you ? " With a slightly shy smile he replies simply , "  Matt Fitzpatrick . " The children are not alone . When Fitzpatrick practices on the Muirfield range , an official mistakes him for Tiger Woods ' ball-boy . That most certainly wo n't be happening at Augusta National this week . For Fitzpatrick -- who still looks much younger than his 19 years -- has made a big impression since those days of mistaken identity . Not that he 's changed his modest , courteous demeanor . Rather , his achievements and actions on and off the course have spoken loudly enough of a rich talent and a steely-quiet determination . First , the young British Open qualifier from Sheffield went on to make the cut at Muirfield , then to win the Silver Medal for best amateur . The following month he traveled to Boston and became the first Englishman in 102 years to claim the U.S. Amateur trophy . Then he caused just as big a stir by leaving a top U.S. college golf scholarship after just one term . Northwestern and its coach Pat Goss had guided former world No. 1 Luke Donald , but Fitzpatrick decided the Illinois university was n't for him and did n't return from his Christmas holiday back home in Sheffield . "  The last couple of weeks of university I had a lot of time to think , " he told CNN 's Living Golf at his Hallamshire golf club in Sheffield . "  Just studying in my room and I was n't doing much else . "  I wanted to take my golf as far as I could and I felt like it was hard to keep it progressing . I was almost doing more school work than golf . " His change of heart lies partly in that clear focus , partly in the chronology . He 'd signed his letter of intent with Northwestern after he 'd won the British Boys ' Championship in 2012 . Back then , he could only dream of qualifying for the Open , winning the Silver Medal and beating the world 's best to claim the U.S. Amateur . But it happened , life changed and plans had to be rethought . The crucial point was that his U.S. Amateur victory had opened many doors . Invitations to three of the four majors this year , including The Masters . Starts on the PGA Tour . A place at the Scottish Open . He could start to put together a schedule that would be the envy of many young pros . He 's also had overtures from top agents , including Tiger 's . They know a winner when they see one . For beyond the raw talent , when you talk to Fitzpatrick 's parents and others who 've seen him win at every level from Hallamshire Club Championship upwards , they all speak of two or three other qualities critical for a career in golf . His dedication . His response to pressure : lifting his game when others might crumble . And his ability to think himself round a course . He puts the latter down to his dad , Russell . "  I would always remember lectures coming back from tournaments and he would say , ` Why did you hit that club there , there was no need . ' And I 'd look back and think , ` Well , he 's right . ' " Despite the discussions with agents and top players , Fitzpatrick does n't yet know when he 'll turn professional . In part it 's so he can take up his invites to the Masters , U.S. Open and his home Open . And in part because , as he says , "  I do n't know if I 'm ready yet ... I think I have a lot of room for improvement . But if you have a top-10 at the U.S. Open or the British Open you sort of have to re-evaluate I guess . " His immediate goal ? "  I would like to be the lowest amateur for all three majors . " And so to the first of these this week at Augusta National . Fitzpatrick will be sleeping in the Crow 's Nest , the traditional lodging place in the Augusta clubhouse reserved for invited amateurs . He 's already played a few practice rounds and ca n't wait to get started . It 's a course that demands patience , strategy and a great short-game . On that basis Fitzpatrick must have a decent chance of following last year 's 14-year-old sensation Guan Tianlang of China , and making the cut . If he does , it would be yet another remarkable achievement in a remarkable nine months . Not that he 'd shout about it : the large contingent over from Hallamshire , led by his parents , would do that for him . Fitzpatrick himself , the quiet young man from the city of steel , would be knuckling down again , taking nothing for granted in this fickle game , just focusing on the next step to wherever his talent can take him .	Matt Fitzpatrick will be one of six amateur golfers lining up at the Masters this week The 19-year-old qualified by winning last year 's U.S. Amateur Championship Fitzpatrick made the cut at last year 's British Open and was leading amateur He has turned his back on a U.S. college scholarship to focus on his game
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Gary McKinnon , the hacker who broke into Pentagon and NASA computers , was at risk of suicide Friday after losing an effort to fight extradition to the United States , his attorney said . Gary McKinnon 's mother , Janis Sharp , fears for her son 's life after the Supreme Court decision . "  This is the wholesale destruction and bullying of a small individual by the United States and now our own government , " attorney Karen Todner said in a statement . McKinnon 's mother Janis Sharp described her son as "  suicidal . " The British government did not respond . McKinnon , a British citizen , has admitted breaking the law and intentionally gaining unauthorized access to U.S. government computers . The U.S. government says McKinnon carried out the biggest military computer hacking of all time , accessing 97 computers from his home in London for a year starting in March 2001 , and costing the government about $ 1 million . U.S. authorities want him extradited to face trial in the United States . McKinnon , currently free on bail in England , has said he was simply doing research to find out whether the U.S. government was covering up the existence of UFOs . McKinnon bases his case partly on the fact that he has Asperger 's syndrome , a type of autism . He had hoped to bring his case before the nation 's newly-formed Supreme Court . But the court rejected the request Friday . McKinnon has one effort left -- to appeal to the home secretary . "  The effect on Gary of these proceedings and impending extradition has been , and is , devastating , " Todner 's statement said . "  He is a highly vulnerable man in a very fragile state and this is a huge blow to him and his family . " McKinnon is thought to have acted alone , with no known connection to any terrorist organization , said Paul McNulty , the former U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia . A U.S. federal grand jury indicted McKinnon on seven counts of computer fraud and related activity . If convicted , he would face a maximum of 10 years in prison on each count and a $ 250,000 fine . McKinnon has said it was easy for him to access the secret files .	Gary McKinnon 's mother , Janis Sharp , described her son as "  suicidal " Appeal to have case heard at Britain 's new Supreme Court rejected Briton accused of carrying out biggest ever U.S. military computer hacking He says he was researching whether U.S. was covering up existence of UFOs
CNN  -- In an otherworldly landscape , with controllers in hand , players must conquer the Beast in order to release a powerful demigod . No , this is n't "  World of Warcraft . " It 's "  Guitar Hero . " And with a playlist steeped in monster riffs and a quest mode that winds through scenes populated with the dungeons and dragons of fantasy lore , it might just expose heavy metal 's darkest secret . "  The ultimate trick that musicians played on the world is that they were cool , " said Brendon Small , whose band Dethklok  from his Adult Swim cartoon "  Metalocalypse "  lent the song "  Bloodlines " to "  Guitar Hero : Warriors of Rock . " "  They 're not cool . They 're all nerds . They all love Monty Python , ` Star Wars ' and Rush . Everybody from Cannibal Corpse to Metallica , they are all nerds . We are all nerds . " The game , released September 28 and available on PS3 , Wii and XBox360 , likes Rush , too . It includes all seven parts of the Canadian progressive rock band 's "  2112 " suite and even weaves the legendary rockers into the fabric of the game . The members of Rush worked on the "  2112 " game sequence , helping create in-game venues based on scenes from the liner notes of their original album . The band gave suggestions for imagery and recorded voice-overs for the scenes , said Brian Bright , "  Warriors of Rock " project leader for game creator Neversoft . He said the story of "  2112 " parallels the story in the game . "  The songs tell the story of a man who discovers a guitar , something he has never been exposed to , as the world he lives in is very Orwellian and controlling , " Bright said . "  In the game , the player is in search of the Demi-God 's legendary guitar as it is the source of his power . " Small acknowledges that including 21 minutes worth of Rush on a game known for mainstream appeal is a nod toward rock 's inner nerd . "  Absolutely ! " he said . "  Without a doubt , yeah ! Oh man , but they picked the right Rush . That 's certainly my favorite , and it 's got amazing guitar moments , too . " It also has what Small calls the nerdiest thing of all in music : odd time signatures , which could mean difficult play in Warriors of Rock . "  When people start counting odd times like 7/4 instead of 4/4 , -LSB- they 're trying to -RSB- be different and make a new groove , and that is a nerdy , nerdy thing . But Rush gets away with it because they 're good , " said Small . Neversoft worked closely with other artists to create the ultimate metal quest mode . Megadeth 's Dave Mustaine -- whom Small considers one of the world 's best rhythm guitarists -- wrote and recorded "  Sudden Death " for the finale of the game . "  The game ends with an epic battle between the Demi-God of Rock and the Beast raging on an apocalyptic landscape , so we wanted a track that would completely shred , " Bright said . Additionally , Gene Simmons , the "  demon " bassist of iconic rock band KISS , is the narrator of the game 's quest mode and makes a cameo as the Demi-God of Rock . Other musicians who metalheads and rock guitar enthusiasts are sure to geek out to include Steve Vai , Slayer , Metallica , Ozzy Osbourne and Anthrax . Bright said "  Warriors of Rock " songs were selected chiefly on their playability . "  A good song for ` Guitar Hero ' would have a memorable riff but not feel repetitive . There would be a good amount of chord changes and , ideally , a fun guitar solo to add to the challenge , " he said . But being a good guitar player does n't necessarily make you a good "  Guitar Hero " player . Mike Keneally , Small 's bandmate in the live , touring version of Dethklok , said he thought Dethklok songs were easier to play on an actual guitar . "  Bloodlines " is Dethklok 's third song on a "  Guitar Hero " game . Small had to disagree with his friend . "  I said , ` Nah , that 's not true . There 's 11-year-olds out there who can just shred through -LSB- Dethklok songs -RSB- "  Thunderhorse " and "  Laser-cannon Death Sentence . " ' " Those 11-year olds who play "  Warriors of Rock " are about to discover some of the music that helped build Small 's career as a musician and cartoon producer . Small 's current cartoon project , "  Metalocalypse , " follows a fictional metal band , Dethklok , who have become so popular that they influence world economies . "  One of my favorite things about ` Guitar Hero ' is you 're turning a whole generation on to music that would n't , I think , have discovered it any other way , " Small said . "  Because in order to know about metal , you 've either got to have a cool older sibling or a dude down the street who just knows what 's up . Some people do n't have either of those things . Some people have a really uncool older sibling who listens to Brittney Spears or some kind of dance or club or trance , and they 're never going to learn about cool guitar stuff or Van Halen or any of that stuff . "  But now that they have ` Guitar Hero ' in their life , they can learn about Skynyrd . Foghat . Sabbath . Soundgarden . " A sad omission on "  Guitar Hero 's " part from its sixth offering , said Small , was that of lightening-fast guitarist Yngwie Malmsteen . Malmsteen , a Swedish guitarist , is known for his classical approach to metal music , as well as his fantasy-laden album covers and music videos . "  Yngwie , of course is the king . I love him . That should be on ` Guitar Hero , ' because it would just be unplayable , " Small said . "  He did -LSB- a video -RSB- with a wizard , a dragon and him in really high-waisted spandex pants and Sgt. Pepper 's jacket flipping his Stratocaster around . Pretty awesome -- what rock 'n' roll is built for . "	"  Warriors of Rock " sets a metal playlist to a fantasy-driven quest play mode Brendon Small says metal musicians are nerds Integral to the quest play mode is the entire "  2112 " rock suite from Rush
CNN  -- Former U.S. senator and Democratic presidential hopeful John Edwards admitted Friday to an extramarital affair . He denied being the father of the woman 's child , as had been alleged in tabloid reports . Former Sen. John Edwards told ABC News that he had an affair with Rielle Hunter , seen above . In an interview on ABC News "  Nightline , " Edwards acknowledged the affair with 42-year-old Rielle Hunter , which began after she was hired to make documentary videos for his campaign , ABC said . "  I am responsible for it . I alone am responsible for it , " Edwards said on ABC News "  Nightline . " Edwards told the network that his rise from "  a small town boy in North Carolina " who "  came from nothing " to a successful lawyer , U.S. senator and national public figure "  fed a self-focus , an egotism , a narcissism that leads you to believe that you can do whatever you want . " Edwards , in the ABC interview , acknowledged meeting with Hunter at the Beverly Hills hotel at the request of a friend of hers . "  I was there from a very simple reason , because I was trying to keep this mistake that I had made from becoming public , " Edwards said . In a written statement Friday , Edwards said , "  In 2006 , I made a serious error in judgment and conducted myself in a way that was disloyal to my family and to my core beliefs . I recognized my mistake and I told my wife that I had a liaison with another woman , and I asked for her forgiveness . " "  You can not beat me up more than I have already beaten up myself . I have been stripped bare and will now work with everything I have to help my family and others who need my help . " Read the full statement Edwards said a blurry photograph published by the National Enquirer that purportedly showed him holding Hunter 's child inside the hotel room could not be authentic , since the baby was not there at their meeting . "  I do n't know if the picture has been altered , manufactured , if it 's a picture of me taken some other time , holding another baby . I have no idea , " he said . "  I was not at this meeting holding a child for my photograph to be taken , I can tell you that . " Edwards said he has not taken a paternity test but that the timing of the affair rules out the possibility that he could be the father of Hunter 's 5-month-old child . Edwards said Friday night he is "  truly hopeful " that a paternity test will be done to squelch the rumors . Andrew Young , a former Edwards campaign aide who is married , has publicly said he fathered the child . The Washington Post reported Friday that Hunter acknowledged Young as the father . When the National Enquirer first reported the affair in October , Edwards flatly denied it , calling the claims "  false " and "  ridiculous . " Watch an interview with the National Enquirer 's editor " Contacted through a former aide by CNN on Thursday , Edwards had refused to comment on the reports . He also dodged reporters at a recent event in Washington . In a July 24 appearance in New Orleans , Louisiana , he would not answer a reporter 's question about whether he had provided financial support to Hunter or Young . Watch Edwards says "  I sin every single day " " "  I have no idea what you 're asking about , " Edwards said . "  I have responded to , consistently , to these tabloid allegations by saying I do n't respond to these lies . " Edwards , 55 , of North Carolina , told ABC that his wife , Elizabeth , and other family members have known about the affair since 2006 . Elizabeth Edwards , in a posting on the Daily Kos Web site , said : "  The fact that it is a mistake that many others have made before him did not make it any easier for me to hear when he told me what he had done . But he did tell me . And we began a long and painful process in 2006 , a process oddly made somewhat easier with my -LSB- cancer -RSB- diagnosis in March of 2007 . This was our private matter , and I frankly wanted it to be private because as painful as it was I did not want to have to play it out on a public stage as well . " Edwards , the vice presidential candidate during Sen. John Kerry 's 2004 presidential bid , told ABC that he never expected to be chosen as Sen. Barack Obama 's running mate , but that his public career has not ended . He said he would not worry about any possible positions in an Obama administration . "  I do n't know what 's possible and what 's gone , " he said . Don Fowler , a former Democratic Party chairman , said this week that Edwards might be forfeiting a major role at the party 's upcoming convention in Denver -- or in a future Democratic administration -- unless he cleared the air . "  I think the longer these allegations go unanswered and unresponded to , the more difficult it is for the people producing the convention to give him a prominent spot , " Fowler said . iReport : What 's your reaction to Edwards ' affair ? Fowler , of South Carolina , served as Democratic chairman from 1995 to 1997 and will be a party superdelegate at the Denver convention in late August . He said he had no input into whether Edwards addresses the convention , "  but I would expect that he would not speak or have any role at the convention unless this is cleared up . " Watch more on the Edwards controversy " Obama , in Hawaii for a weeklong vacation , told reporters he understands that Edwards does not plan to attend the convention . "  This is a difficult and painful time for them , and I think they need to work through that process of healing , " he said . "  My sense is that that 's going to be their top priority . "  John Edwards was a great champion of working people during the first of this campaign . Many of his themes are ones that Democrats as a whole share ; those will be amplified at the convention , " Obama added . Presumptive Republican nominee Sen. John McCain declined to comment on a similar question . Speaking in support of Obama in Las Vegas , Nevada , on Friday , Edwards ' former rival , Sen. Hillary Clinton , responded briefly to a reporter 's question about what , if any , impact the revelation of the affair would have on Democrats . "  My thoughts and prayers are with the Edwards family today , " she said . "  That 's all I have to say . " The Enquirer 's claims about the affair were revived July 22 when the tabloid reported it had confronted Edwards at a Beverly Hills , California , hotel after receiving a tip he was meeting Hunter and her child there . On Friday , he said he was ashamed of the affair and hoped it would never become public . He said he used the fact that the Enquirer story "  contained many falsities " to deny it . "  But being 99 percent honest is no longer enough , " he said in the statement . Edwards told ABC that his wife 's widely reported cancer was in remission when the affair began . "  She was mad ; she was angry , " Edwards said , describing when he admitted the affair to his wife . "  I think furious would be a good way to describe it . " Watch Edwards describe his wife 's reaction " According to federal election records , the Edwards campaign paid Hunter 's production company roughly $ 114,000 in 2006 and 2007 for "  Website/Internet services . " The former North Carolina senator announced in January that he was dropping out of the 2008 Democratic presidential race . "  It is time for me to step aside so that history can blaze its path , " he said in New Orleans . With his wife and children at his side , Edwards said he could n't predict "  who will take the final steps to 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue , " but he said it would be a Democrat . Edwards endorsed Sen. Barack Obama on May 14 during a rally in Grand Rapids , Michigan . He trailed Clinton and Obama in the early contests . He came in third in key races in New Hampshire and South Carolina . Edwards had campaigned on the message that he was standing up for the little guy , the people who are not traditionally given a voice in Washington , and that he would do more to fight special interests . After dropping out of the race , Edwards asked Clinton and Obama to make poverty a central issue in the general election and a future Democratic administration , something both agreed to do . Edwards is a South Carolina native with an undergraduate degree from North Carolina State University and law degree from the University of North Carolina . Before entering politics , winning a Senate seat from North Carolina in 1998 , Edwards was a lawyer representing families "  being victimized by powerful interests " and gaining "  a national reputation as a forceful and tireless champion for regular , hard-working people , " according to his campaign Web site . CNN 's Ed Hornick , Scott Bronstein , Drew Griffin , Matt Smith and Paul Vercammen contributed to this report .	Edwards : "  I made a serious error in judgment " Former senator admits in a statement to an extramarital affair The woman , 42-year-old Rielle Hunter , at the center of the controversy Edwards denies fathering the woman 's child ; has n't taken a paternity test
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Authorities arrested two high school students in suburban Atlanta on Thursday after they were warned that one of the students planned to "  do harm " at the school with a weapon , police said . Several schools in Woodstock , Gerogia , were on lockdown after authorities found a gun in a bathroom ceiling . Sgt. Jay Baker of the Cherokee County Sheriff 's Office said Woodstock Middle School , Woodstock High School and Etowah High School were put on lockdown -- meaning no one could enter or leave the buildings -- after authorities learned of the threat . Police arrested Forrest Busby , 17 , at Woodstock High School and found a revolver he is said to have brought to school and hid in the bathroom ceiling , authorities said . A subsequent search of Busby 's home turned up an AR-15 semi-automatic rifle and a Mini-14 assault rifle , as well as 200 rounds of ammunition , Baker said in a statement . Six marijuana plants were discovered in the student 's closet . A 15-year-old student was also arrested in connection with the incident , the statement said . Baker said another student is being interviewed by authorities but has not been charged in the case . Busby has been charged with possession of a weapon on school grounds , carrying a concealed weapon and manufacturing and distributing a controlled substance , among other counts . He 's being held without bail at the Cherokee County Adult Detention Center , the sheriff 's statement said . The 15-year-old has been charged as an accomplice on various weapons violations and is being held at the Paulding Youth Detention Center . The lockdown orders for the schools were lifted after the weapons were recovered , Baker said . Woodstock is about 30 miles north of downtown Atlanta .	Teen planned to "  do harm " at school outside Atlanta , Georgia , tipster said Police find gun in bathroom ceiling , arrest 17 - and 15-year-old Other weapons , marijuana found at teen 's home
CNN  -- Once again , a big thank you to everyone who took the time to share their links between India and Germany . We had hundreds of responses and are highlighting some of the best here . We started the week by speaking to Craig Glenday , editor-in-chief of the Guinness Book of World Records . He told CNN 's Becky Anderson that the two countries have a rivalry of sorts when it comes to world records . It seems that every time a German sets a record , an Indian will smash it . For instance , the largest pen ever made , a record held by a German , was beaten within a year by an Indian . "  Himanshu " pointed out a linguistic connection between the two . German and Sanskrit have several similarities , and the grammar of both languages is amazingly similar . "  Sudheer " noted that many German tourists travel to India to learn more about practicing the ancient holistic medicine known as Ayurveda . We also heard some personal stories . Two families -- one in Germany , the other in India -- got in touch with us to explain their connection via student exchange . A woman in the United States whose family emigrated from India wrote in to say that she married a man whose family emigrated to the United States from Germany . Now she ca n't live without sauerkraut and he loves the Indian dish sambhar , she said . Kurt Hammel pointed out another food-related link . Many German foods are flavored with spices that originally came from India . What good would bratwurst be without mace and nutmeg ? What would strudel be without sugar and cinnamon ? he noted . There were also connections made in entertainment . We were n't too surprised to hear that many Germans are fans of Bollywood . Daniel Santos , a Brazilian living in Germany , said many German students love Indian movies and that there are many Bollywood dance schools there . Sumanth Venkatesh from Bangalore found an automotive connection between the two countries . Volkswagen , which means the "  People 's Car , " was originally made so ordinary Germans could afford cars . Sumanth said that 's the same thing India 's Tata Motors is trying to do . We also spoke to award-winning author Anita Desai . Born to a Bengali father and German mother , Desai is a connection of sorts herself . She told us that even though she lives in the United States now , she carries India with her wherever she goes . We love your comments so please keep sending them . Remember , you can make links through geography , music , business , food -- the list goes on and on . Whatever the connection , we want to hear it . We also hope you 'll take part in our next challenge : Finding the ways that Canada and the Ivory Coast are linked . Share your connections on our blog , and we 'll choose the best ones to look at on Connect the World . Happy connecting !	A selection of some of the connections you made between India and Germany Many German foods are flavored with Indian spices Both countries have produced a "  people 's car " Many Germans travel to India to learn more about Ayurveda
Fort Hood , Texas  CNN  -- A military jury on Friday convicted Army Maj. Nidal Hasan of 13 counts of murder and 32 counts of attempted murder in a shooting rampage at Fort Hood , Texas , making it possible for the death penalty to be considered as a punishment . The jurors deliberated less than seven hours over two days before finding Hasan guilty on all charges in connection with the November 5 , 2009 , shootings at a deployment process center . The Army psychiatrist admitted to targeting soldiers he was set to deploy with to Afghanistan , saying previously he wanted to protect the Taliban and its leaders from the U.S. military . Under the rules of a military court-martial , the jury must return a unanimous verdict of premeditated murder for the death penalty to be considered as a punishment option . The jury is not required to tell the court whether they reached a unanimous verdict on the attempted murder charges . The court-martial moves on Monday to the penalty phase , where Hasan -- acting as his own attorney -- will have the opportunity to address the jurors considering whether he should be executed for his actions . As has been done nearly every day in the three-week court-martial , the judge asked Hasan if he had reconsidered defending himself as the case enters the penalty phase . Jurors "  will decide whether you live or die , " the judge , Col. Tara Osborn , told Hasan after reconvening the court Monday afternoon as part of the penalty phase preparation . " ... I think it is unwise for you to represent yourself . " Hasan told the judge he intended to continue acting as his own attorney . Courtroom reaction Inside the courtroom , the judge warned the audience in the gallery , including family members of those killed , before the verdict was announced that outbursts and reactions to the verdict would not be tolerated . Hasan stroked his beard as the jury -- a military panel of 13 senior officers -- filed into the courtroom . He then looked at the head of the jury -- a colonel -- who affirmed a verdict had been reached . Hasan showed no emotion as the verdict was read , a contrast to a handful of some of family members who cried or gave one another brief hugs . "  Today 's guilty verdict , rendered almost four years after the attack , is only a first , small step down the path of justice for the victims , " said attorney Neal M. Sher , who represents victims and families of those killed in a compensation claim against the government for failing to stop the attack . Almost immediately after the attacks , there were widespread questions about how Hasan was evaluated , promoted and transferred to Fort Hood with plans to deploy to Afghanistan despite questions about his actions , including giving an academic presentation on the value of suicide bombings . Sher renewed the call for the government to reclassify the shootings as a "  terror attack " rather than workplace violence . "  Justice for the victims of Fort Hood will be done only when the government admits its mistakes , keeps its promises to ` make the victims whole ' and comes clean about Fort Hood , " Sher said . " The victims , and the American people , are owed nothing less . " The husband of Amber Bahr Gadlin , a former private who testified about the wounds she received during the attack , said the death penalty "  would be too lenient " for Hasan . "  I would much rather see him sit in prison for the rest of his life . He should n't be allowed to dictate what happens . He wants to motivate other terrorists , " Joshua Gadlin told CNN by telephone . Hasan does n't call witnesses , give closing argument On Thursday afternoon , the judge handed the case to the jury after Hasan declined to make a statement during closing arguments that followed 12 days of testimony . The prosecution urged the jury to convict , saying the evidence showed that he believed he had a jihad duty to kill as many soldiers as possible . "  There is no doubt , as I said in the beginning , the accused is the shooter , " the prosecutor , Col. Steven Henricks , told the jury . "  The only question for you is ... is this a premeditated design to kill ? " For more than 90 minutes , the prosecutor took the jury methodically through the evidence in the case , meticulously piecing together how he says Hasan prepared and planned for the attack . Soldier on soldier attacks Fast Facts Prosecutors have maintained that the American-born Muslim underwent a progressive radicalization that led to the massacre at the sprawling central Texas base . "  He did not want to deploy , and he came to believe he had a jihad duty to kill as many soldiers as possible , " Henricks told the jury . Hasan picked the day -- November 5 , 2009 -- because it was when the units he was scheduled to deploy with to Afghanistan were scheduled to go through the processing center , he said . Hasan rested his case without calling a single witness or taking the stand to testify on his own behalf . His decision not to offer a defense was an anticlimactic end to the trial in which prosecution witnesses , primarily survivors , painted a horrific picture of what unfolded inside a processing center during the attack . A graphic FBI video during closing arguments During closing arguments , prosecutors showed a graphic FBI video of the crime scene hours after the rampage , where bodies , blood and bullets still covered the floor . As the video was shown to the jury , some of the family members of those killed fought back tears . One woman laid her head on her husband 's shoulder , tears pouring down her cheeks , while another woman , a wife of a victim , left the courtroom . For his part , Hasan watched the video , appearing to pay close attention . Hasan , who has insisted that the jury not be allowed to consider lesser charges against him , said his attack on soldiers at Fort Hood was not an act of "  sudden passion . " Fort Hood victims feel betrayed There was "  adequate provocation " for the attack because the soldiers were going to participate in "  an illegal war " in Afghanistan , Hasan told the military judge Wednesday , arguing against the jury being allowed to consider voluntary manslaughter or unpremeditated murder . Prosecutors argued against the inclusion of lesser charges , saying the attack was n't carried out in "  the heat of sudden passion , " and Hasan said he agreed . The judge ruled that the jurors can consider a lesser charge of unpremeditated murder but not voluntary manslaughter . They can also consider unpremeditated attempted and other lesser charges , she ruled . Hasan 's defense Much has been made of Hasan 's defense or , as his stand-by attorneys have said , the lack of it . Judge Tara Osborn declined a request by Hasan 's attorneys to drop out of the case . The attorneys argued that Hasan was helping the prosecution put him to death . There may be something to that claim . Hasan took credit for the shooting rampage at the outset of the trial , telling the jury during opening statements that the evidence will show "  I was the shooter . " Osborn barred Hasan from pleading guilty at the start of the court-martial . Under military law , defendants can not enter guilty pleas in capital punishment cases . The judge has refused to allow Hasan to argue "  defense of others , " a claim that he carried out the shootings to protect the Afghan Taliban and its leaders from U.S. soldiers . Perhaps as a way around that ruling , Hasan in recent days has leaked documents through his civilian attorney to The New York Times and Fox News that offer a glimpse of his justification for carrying out the attack . Among the documents was a mental health evaluation conducted by a military panel to determine whether Hasan was fit to stand trial . "  I do n't think what I did was wrong because it was for the greater cause of helping my Muslim brothers , " he told the panel , according to pages of the report published by The New York Times . He also said , according to the documents : "  I 'm paraplegic and could be in jail for the rest of my life . However , if I died by lethal injection , I would still be a martyr . " Prosecutors call dozens of witnesses Military prosecutors called 89 witnesses and submitted more than 700 pieces of evidence before resting their case . The judge excluded much of the evidence that the prosecution contends goes to the heart of the motive for the attack , including e-mail communications between Hasan and Anwar al-Awlaki , the U.S.-born cleric who officials say became a key member of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . He was killed in a U.S. drone strike in 2011 . Osborn also declined to allow prosecutors to use materials they maintain showed Hasan 's interest in the actions of Army Sgt. Hasan Akbar , the American soldier sentenced to death for killing two soldiers and wounding more than a dozen others at the start of the Iraq war , an attack he said he carried out to stop soldiers from killing Muslims . Along with the e-mails and the material related to Akbar , Osborn declined to allow the use of Hasan 's academic presentation on suicide bombings , saying "  motive is not an element of the crime . "	NEW : Husband of a victim says death penalty "  would be too lenient " for Hasan Penalty phase begins Monday , death penalty can be considered Jurors "  will decide whether you live or die , " judge tells Hasan Maj. Nidal Hasan is convicted of 13 counts of murder
CNN  -- Former world No. 1 Rafael Nadal is aiming to reach peak fitness by playing in both the singles and doubles tournaments at Indian Wells this weekend . The 10-time grand slam winner has not played since losing to Novak Djokovic in a marathon Australian Open final in January , but Nadal will pair up with fellow Spaniard Marc Lopez on Friday . Nadal , currently second in the world rankings , and Lopez , ranked 34th for doubles , won the event together in 2010 when they defeated Croat Nenad Zimonjic and Canada 's Daniel Nestor in the final . "  My reason for playing doubles is that I did n't play for a month , " Nadal told a press conference ahead of his and Lopez 's match against Zimonjic and France 's Michael Llodra . "  I think doubles is a good way to practice for everybody , where you can practice different movements , different shots . "  When you have days off -LSB- from singles -RSB- , you can play an extra match . And if you lose , you have another chance to be in competition . At the same time , I 'm playing with one of my best friends , so that 's another reason to play . " Nadal 's clash with Djokovic at Melbourne Park was the longest final in grand slam history , and he also suffered defeat to the Serb in the singles final at Indian Wells in 2011 . Five-time grand slam champion Djokovic is top seed for the California event , with Nadal second . The 25-year-old is determined to keep improving his game so he can continue to challenge Djokovic for major honors . "  I try my best every day to improve my level of tennis , to be a better player , year by year . If that 's enough to beat Novak , that 's fantastic , " he said . "  If not , I will keep on working . When I wake up every morning and go on court to practice , I do n't think about -LSB- him -RSB- . I think about what I need to improve in my game . " Nadal will play either Colombia Alejandro Falla or Argentina Leonardo Mayer in his opening singles match .	Rafael Nadal to play singles and doubles matches in ATP Tour event at Indian Wells The 10-time major winner has not played since losing the Australian Open final in January The Spaniard and his compatriot Marc Lopez won the California event in 2010 World No. 2 Nadal and Lopez play Croat Nenad Zimonjic and Canada 's Daniel Nestor
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- A mother and her teenage son are kidnapped . The kidnappers place a cell phone in the car of the boy 's father so they can communicate their ransom demands . The son is burned with a blowtorch . The mother implores the father to pay the ransom . A terrifying scenario , but one that the FBI and police say was all orchestrated by the mother to get some fast cash from her ex-husband . The mother , Alejandra Arriaza , her boyfriend , Angel Ponce , and his nephew , Joel Boza , were charged Tuesday with federal kidnapping counts . If convicted , they could be sentenced to life in prison . According to an FBI affidavit , all three have admitted their roles in the phony kidnapping . "  We took it very seriously and believed a couple of lives were at risk , " said Jim Leljedal of the Broward County , Florida , sheriff 's office . "  And then to find out that one of the victims was involved in the plot was pretty surprising . " The three suspects will have a detention hearing Wednesday in a federal court in Miami , Florida . The U.S. attorney 's office would not comment on the case . According to the FBI affidavit , written by special agent Scott Wilson , the plot was Arriaza 's idea . It began , court papers say , when she and her boyfriend found out her ex-husband had recently come into some money from the sale of a business , and that he kept a large amount of cash in his home . The father and son are not named in the affidavit , which refers to the father as "  H.P. " and to his 17-year-old son as "  N.P. " The affidavit says that the plot began Thursday when Arriaza told her son she wanted to take him to Wal-Mart to purchase an Apple iPhone . When they got back to their car , a masked intruder appeared from the back seat , pointed a gun at the son 's back and told him and his mother that they were being kidnapped , according to the affidavit . The kidnapper placed thick tape over the son 's eyes and instructed his mother to drive to a mobile home in southwest Miami , where a second person , who introduced himself as "  El Negro , " was waiting . The affidavit says the men forced N.P. to sit in a chair , where they bound his hands . His torso was bound to the back of the chair with shrink wrap , and his legs were bound with tape . The boy 's head was wrapped in thick tape from the top to the tip of his nose , and he was put in a closet , where he spent the night . The next day , according to the FBI affidavit , the kidnappers called the boy 's father on a cell phone they had placed in his car . The father then called authorities , who began to record the phone calls . At one point during the abduction , the son told the kidnappers that his father had about $ 50,000 in a bank , the affidavit says . When the kidnappers felt that the father was not complying with their demands , they threatened to burn his son , and at one point , according to the affidavit , "  the kidnappers put a lit blowtorch close to the phone , so he could hear it . " During another phone call , Arriaza , who is the father 's ex-wife , told him that kidnappers were burning their son 's feet . She implored him to pay the kidnappers their ransom , the affidavit says . At one point , Wilson wrote , the kidnappers held the blowtorch so close to N.P. "  that it burnt the hair off his leg . " "  I think they wanted to impress him with the seriousness so that he would relay ... to his father to come up with some money , " Leljedal said . Under the FBI 's guidance , the father arranged to pay the ransom . But late in the evening of April 10 , before the ransom was paid , law enforcement located the mobile home and rescued the son , who immediately identified his mother 's boyfriend , Angel Ponce , as one of the men inside the unit where he was being held . A search of the home turned up a fake gun , a blowtorch , tape and three cell phones . According to the affidavit , Ponce said Arriaza came up with the idea to have herself kidnapped , along with her son , to get money from her ex-husband . Arriaza later admitted her involvement in the kidnapping and said her son had no involvement in the ruse , according to the FBI . "  We do n't think she meant to harm to her son . She just wanted to collect from her ex , " Leljedal said . In the end , he said , it was all about one thing : "  The basic motive of greed . "	Woman , boyfriend , third man charged in bizarre fake kidnapping Feds say abduction was staged to collect $ 50,000 from woman 's ex-husband They said kidnappers bound teen with tape , burned him with blowtorch Detention hearing set for Wednesday in Miami federal court
CNN  If I had to describe the U.S.-Iranian relationship in one word it would be "  overmatched . " We 're playing checkers on the Middle East game board and Tehran 's playing three-dimensional chess . Iran has no problem reconciling its bad and contradictory behavior while we twist ourselves into knots over our tough choices , all the while convincing ourselves that America 's policy on the nuclear issue is on the right track . Iran is n't 10 feet tall in this region , but by making the nuclear issue the be-all and end-all that is supposed to reduce Iran 's power , the United States is only making Tehran taller . Consider the following : The U.S.-Iranian relationship is not symmetrical . It 's not as if we both are doing terrible things and are looking for a fair and equitable compromise to stop our respective bad behaviors . Iran is about to try a U.S. citizen and Washington Post reporter and we have made a judgment that even while we protest , we will keep the nuclear issue separated not just from this case but from Iran 's serial abuse of human rights , including the behavior of its Shia militias in Iraq . I can only hope there is a carefully orchestrated behind-the-scenes plan to have Iran release Jason Rezaian . If not , we 're legitimizing a bad regime and compromising U.S. values and interests in the process by not ensuring that all Americans being held by Iran come out as part of the nuclear deal . America is alienating some of our closest allies because of the Iran deal , and Iran is picking up new ones and bolstering relations with old ones who are growing more dependent because they see Iran 's power rising . Our friends are n't perfect , particularly the Saudis and even the Israelis . But we need them precisely because Iran is rising . Sadly , the administration is sending signals that cutting a deal on the nuclear issue takes precedence over their priorities . In the meantime , Iran 's allies , Bashar al-Assad 's Syria , Hezbollah and now the Houthis -- not proxies , but instruments of convenience -- see what 's happening and are willing to play and cooperate even more in the Iranian game . The Russians , too , realize that the nuclear issue gives them cover to sell sophisticated missile defense systems and soon to export even more to gain influence and hard currency . We 're losing friends ; Iran is gaining them . And in one of the cruelest ironies , Iran 's way back into the global economy is as a result of the very issue that made it such a pariah : the nuclear issue . As the Arab world melts down and lacks a traditional epicenter of strength and power ,  Egypt , Iraq , Syria  , Iran is rising . The argument here is not that Iran is taking over the Middle East . But in its zone of influence , a zone critical to the United States -- Syria , Iraq , the Gulf , Yemen , Lebanon -- it is expanding its influence , not contracting . Washington does n't play this kind of game well . It is tripping all over itself trying to figure out how to combat ISIS in Syria and yet not empower al-Assad  no answer  , how to combat ISIS in Iraq without favoring the Shia-dominated government and alienating Iraqi Sunnis  no answer  and how to backstop the Saudis in Yemen without enabling them to make matters worse through their airstrikes  no answer  . Iran has a much easier time managing contradictions . Indeed , it can use the threat of ISIS to keep the Americans away from weakening their ally al-Assad as well as expand its influence in Iraq under the guise of fighting a battle of mutual interest . Battle group naval assets to the Gulf of Aden notwithstanding , the United States is being outfoxed , not outgunned . Do n't expect U.S. ships to stop those of Iran . As State Department spokesperson Marie Harf said , "  There are reports about these U.S. ships that have been moved and I want to be very clear just so that no one has the wrong impression . They are not there to intercept Iranian ships . The purpose of moving them is only to ensure that the shipping lanes remain open and safe . I think there was some misreporting and confusion on this . I just want to be very clear that the purpose is not to do anything in terms of those Iranian ships . " It clearly makes sense to try to use diplomacy as a way to constrain Iran 's nuclear program . But we should have no illusions about two things . First , we wo n't end Teheran 's nuclear weapons pretensions , and two , we are and will be enabling its rise in the region because of this nuclear diplomacy , not constraining it . One of the reasons the United States wo n't strike al-Assad is for fear of emboldening ISIS , but the other is that we do n't want a proxy war with Iran in Syria . As the Russians have made clear in their recent S-300 deal , the nuclear negotiations are only making Iran a more acceptable business partner . And the real fruits of the diplomacy have n't even begun yet . Sanctions relief will make the mullahs more secure and give them the resources to buck up , not tamp down , their regional aspirations . We 've made our bed , apparently , and now are going to have to find a way to sleep . A nuclear deal will avert a crisis over the nuclear issue for now . But unless it really does change Iran 's behavior , we 've only bought ourselves a bigger one down the road .	Miller : While the U.S. entangles itself in the nuclear negotiations , Iran is gaining a freer hand to assert its regional influence He says United States is being outfoxed , not outgunned
CNN  -- Former oil tycoon and Kremlin critic Mikhail Khodorkovsky has applied for a Swiss visa , less than a week after his pardon and release from a Russian prison , authorities said Wednesday . Swiss Foreign Ministry spokesman Stefan von Below confirmed to CNN that Khodorkovsky -- who had been jailed since 2003 and was convicted in 2005 of tax evasion and fraud -- submitted a request for a three-month Schengen visa at the Swiss Embassy in Berlin on Christmas Eve . Von Below said Khodorkovsky 's application most likely would be processed in the next couple of days . Schengen visas entitle citizens of the European Union the right to travel , work and live in any EU country without special formalities and enable their holders to move through participating countries without being subjected to border checks . Pavel Khodorkovsky said his father applied for a regular visa and there was no discussion of asylum for now . A spokesman for Khodorkovsky , Christian Hanne , told CNN the former oil tycoon 's application for a Swiss visa did not mean he has made long-term plans to settle in Switzerland . Hanne said Khodorkovsky 's twin sons attend school in Switzerland and their father hoped to see where they go to school . Russian courts will take a second look at cases against Khodorkovsky , state-run news agency RIA Novosti reported . The Supreme Court ordered the review Wednesday , citing the European Court of Human Rights criticism of the tax evasion and fraud case in July . It was not immediately clear what this meant legally for Khodorkovsky , once Russia 's richest man . The latest developments in the Khodorkovsky case , which observers said harmed foreign investment because it smacked of political repression , come less than two months before the world focuses on Russia for the Sochi Olympics . At a time when Russia 's international image has suffered from an anti-gay law that led to threats of protests and boycotts at the Olympics , Russian President Vladimir Putin has been dispensing "  get out of jail free " cards . Observers said the moves are part of a public relations offensive by Putin , who has solidified his political dominance in Russia and now seeks to improve the country 's image ahead of the Olympic Games , which begin February 7 in the Black Sea city of Sochi . On Monday , Putin introduced a new amnesty law allowing two members of Russian punk band Pussy Riot to leave prison , two months before the end of their two-year sentences for a performance critical of the president . In addition , 30 Greenpeace demonstrators are to go free under the amnesty law passed by Russian lawmakers last week that could affect 25,000 prisoners . Greenpeace International reported on its website Wednesday that the 30 activists known as the Arctic 30 were scheduled to meet with the Russian government body prosecuting them and that the "  case against them is being dropped en masse . " "  They will then have one more hurdle -- securing exit visas in their passports -- before the non-Russians are free to leave the country and be reunited with their families , " Greenpeace said on its website . "  A meeting with the Federal Migration Service is scheduled for later today . The Arctic 30 are expected to leave Russia in the coming days . " RIA Novosti reported Wednesday that the government had begun dropping cases against the Greenpeace activists who were arrested for a September protest at a Russian Arctic oil rig . In St. Petersburg , officials had formally dismissed charges against at least 16 of the activists . All 30 were expected to be cleared by the end of the day . "  Amnesty signed . Moonwalked out of the office of the Head of Investigative Committee , " Greenpeace activist and Dutch citizen Faiza Oulahsen tweeted after receiving her pardon . "  Had to show off the dance moves I practiced in prison . " The so-called Arctic 30 , charged initially with piracy but later with hooliganism , were released on bail in November after spending more than two months behind bars for protesting oil drilling in the environmentally sensitive Arctic region , RIA Novosti reported . But Russia 's treatment of Khodorkovsky drew worldwide attention and criticism , with countries like the United States accusing it of "  selective prosecution " and abuse of the legal system . He became both a political and economic threat to Putin by wanting to create a commercial oil pipeline that would break the government monopoly on the industry and by funding opposition politicians , according to observers . Khodorkovsky , who was due for release next year , wrote Putin a letter from prison that asked for early release because his mother was ailing . He insisted the letter contained no admission of guilt , and Putin said the pardon was on humanitarian grounds . Upon his release , Khodorkovsky left the country . He has said he wo n't continue his political activities against the Russian government .	NEW : Russian supreme court reportedly orders review of his past cases A spokesman for Khodorkovsky says he has no long-term plans to settle in Switzerland Greenpeace International says 30 of its activists will leave Russia soon Moves are seen as part of a public relations offensive with Olympics coming up
CNN  -- Noted author and social activist Howard Zinn died of a heart attack Wednesday while traveling , his daughter , Myla Kabat-Zinn , said . Zinn , author of "  A People 's History of the United States , " was 87 . Kabat-Zinn said her father , who lived in Auburndale , Massachusetts , " died while traveling in Santa Monica , California . "  A People 's History of the United States , " first published in 1980 , tells a history not often in seen in other books -- from the perspective of those not in a seat of power . The book was the inspiration for a 2009 documentary , narrated by Zinn , called "  The People Speak . " The film highlighted people who spoke up for social change , according to the Web site of the History Channel , which aired the program . Zinn was a shipyard worker and Air Force bombardier before he went to college under the GI Bill and received a Ph.D. from Columbia University , according to his Web site . He taught at numerous universities , including Spelman College in Atlanta , Georgia , and Boston University in Boston , Massachusetts . Kabat-Zinn said of her father that he lived a "  very full and exciting life " and that there were many social issues that were very important to him . Above all , she said , her father believed that there is no "  just war . " Zinn 's death on the day of President Obama 's first State of the Union address was underscored by his contribution to a recently released special from The Nation magazine called "  Obama at One . " "  I 've been searching hard for a highlight , " he wrote . "  The only thing that comes close is some of Obama 's rhetoric ; I do n't see any kind of a highlight in his actions and policies . " Zinn said he was not "  terribly disappointed because I did n't expect that much , " noting that he has been "  a traditional Democratic president " on foreign policy -- "  hardly any different from a Republican " -- and has been cautious in domestic policy . "  On health care , for example , he starts out with a compromise , and when you start out with a compromise , you end with a compromise of a compromise , which is where we are now , " Zinn said . Zinn also cautioned "  that Obama is going to be a mediocre president -- which means , in our time , a dangerous president -- unless there is some national movement to push him in a better direction . "	Noted author and social activist Howard Zinn died while traveling in California , daughter says "  People 's History of the United States " tells American history from view of those not in power Book inspired documentary , "  The People Speak , " which was narrated by Zinn In article for The Nation , Zinn also cautioned "  Obama is going to be a mediocre president "
CNN  -- The six-point peace plan for Syria proposed by Kofi Annan is doomed to fail for one simple reason : Neither President Bashar al-Assad nor the government opposition is interested in making it work . For al-Assad , full implementation of the plan , which includes a political settlement through dialogue and respect for the rights of citizens to demonstrate peacefully , will bring an end to his regime . From the onset of the uprisings , his government knew that a repeat of the protests in Egypt 's Tahrir Square or Bahrain 's Pearl Square in Damascus or Aleppo will mean regime change . Al-Assad and his inner circle are not about to create conditions that are conducive for such sit-ins just because the Annan plan calls on them to do so . For the opposition groups , Annan could spend all the time he wants on negotiations , but any talks not predicated on al-Assad 's stepping aside will not be acceptable . The activists who are spearheading Syria 's revolution insist that the opposition exile leadership has a limited mandate and that is to discuss details for the transfer of power from the Assad family to the opposition . The bottom line is that the two main protagonists in the conflict look at the Annan plan as a means to achieve their respective , mutually exclusive objectives . By agreeing to the Annan plan , al-Assad pursues a dual-track strategy : He appeases his Russian and Iranian allies , who have been pressuring him to accept a political solution , while working to kill his way out of the crisis under the pretext that he is confronting "  armed terrorists and gangs . " The opposition wants the cease-fire in order to field mass protests . As one activist from Hama put it to me recently : "  We do n't need military intervention , we do n't need humanitarian corridors , we do n't need safe areas . Enforce the cease-fire and millions will march toward the presidential palace demanding Assad 's ouster . " After more than a year of uprisings , Syria is still stuck in a violent stalemate . Al-Assad has not been able to crush the opposition , and opposition seems nowhere near to dislodging al-Assad . Increasingly , the conflict is being framed in existential terms , with some involved becoming more radicalized . The majority of Alawites believe their physical survival is at stake , because they are convinced al-Assad 's demise will engender wide-scale revenge killings on them . Hence , they will not accept a solution that will produce a new regime in which they are not guaranteed a leading role . Similarly , the opposition groups believe that if they stop now and al-Assad remains in power , he will hunt them down . Absent a game changer that will tip the balance in favor of one side or the other , the crisis in Syria will become a full-blown sectarian war pitting Sunnis against Alawites , which will likely spill over into the neighboring countries of Iraq and Lebanon . Although military options have been considered by the West , it 's hard to say whether that would make a difference in reversing the dynamics in the country . A military operation might cause a regional war involving Turkey , Saudi Arabia and Iran , with each country supporting its allies in Syria . For now , Iran 's Supreme Leader has cast his support firmly with al-Assad . A well-informed Iranian source told me that the Iranian regime will support al-Assad no matter what until the end . On the other hand , Russia 's Syria policy seems to be in flux judging by its vote in the United Nations recently . It 's too early to tell whether Russia will ease al-Assad out the way Saudi Arabia did in the case of Yemen 's Abdullah Saleh . Russia and Iran will probably not abandon al-Assad until they are part of the deal-making process about Syria 's future government . One possible game changer is if the protest movement in Syria becomes widespread and covers large stretches of the country . To date , only four of Syria 's 14 governorates constitute the major hubs of the protest movement : Homs , Hama , Idlib and Daraa . While we have seen protests in other regions , they have not been as sustained and extensive as those in the four governorates . This is partly due to the state of fragmentation in the opposition ranks , especially among the exile groups , which do not inspire confidence among fence-sitters . Although large segments of fence-sitters including businessmen have come around to supporting the opposition , many remain ambivalent because they doubt the opposition will succeed in overthrowing al-Assad . This perception is reinforced by the fact that Annan 's plan does not call for al-Assad to step down -- a detail that is not missed by the Assad regime propaganda machine . While the exile opposition remains divided , there are hopeful signs that the opposition ranks within Syria are becoming better organized , better trained and gaining legitimacy . The future leaders of Syria will not come from the Syrian National Council or the National Coordination Committee for Change ; they will emerge from the ranks of the revolutionary councils that are forming in different parts of the country . These councils bring together an eclectic mix of the most active local coordinating committees , independent activists , community and business leaders and military defectors . They are putting in place an administrative infrastructure that is akin to a local provincial council , handling everything from media affairs to helping families who lost their homes to providing legal aid to jailed activists . They are also coordinating with each other to protect relief supply lines that cross their respective territories . In the process , the leaders in these councils , who hail from Syria 's different religious and ethnic groups , are developing political skills , cultivating local constituencies and learning through trial and error the business of governing . In a country that is increasingly polarized along sectarian and ethnic lines , these councils can perhaps provide the glue that keeps the country stitched together . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Randa Slim .	Randa Slim : The peace plan for Syria proposed by Kofi Annan is doomed to fail Slim : After more than a year of uprisings , Syria is still stuck in a violent stalemate She says one possible game changer is if the protests in Syria become more widespread Slim : Members in local councils are Syria 's best hope for future leadership
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- The death toll from a powerful cyclone that hit India and Bangladesh this week has climbed to at least 180 , officials said Wednesday . Cyclone Aila struck eastern India , causing an estimated $ 8 million damage in one district alone . In Bangladesh , some 111 people have died and more than 6,600 others have been injured in the storm , said Sultanul Islam Chowdhury from the country 's food and disaster management ministry . Cyclone Aila , which made landfall on Monday , has swept away nearly 180,000 homes and affected the lives of more than 3.3 million people , he said . In India , the number of storm-related deaths climbed to 69 Wednesday , according to an emergency official . About a quarter of the total , 20 people , died in landslides triggered by Aila on Tuesday in a hilly region of West Bengal , said Debabrata Pal , a joint-secretary with the state 's disaster management department . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this story .	Powerful cyclone in India , Bangladesh kills nearly 200 people , officials say Cyclone Aila has left thousands of people homeless in both countries Aila packed winds up to 50 miles per hour  80 kilometers
CNN  -- It was the middle of the day , and The Mall in Columbia was packed . Packed with parents pushing around strollers . With teenagers sharing some laughs . With shoppers dipping in to pick up something special . "  Just a regular day , " said Colin Ready , a worker at one of the Maryland mall 's stores . Then came a boom . Moments later , "  boom , boom , boom . " "  Then I saw everybody running , " Ready told CNN . What they were running from was a multiple homicide . Police said that a gunman shot dead two employees at Zumiez -- a skate shop that also sells shoes and clothes for men , women and children -- before killing himself . Hours later , Howard County Police Chief Bill McMahon said officers who arrived at the store within minutes of the first 911 calls at 11:15 a.m. found three people dead . The shooter , who 'd apparently killed himself , was found alongside his shotgun and "  a large amount of ammunition . " Police : 2 store employees , gunman dead But no one inside the mall 20 miles southwest of Baltimore had any idea the bloodshed was over . "  No one knows what 's going on , " said one worker at the mall , identified only as K.T. "  In today 's world , you hear gunshots and you run . " Ready recalled about eight or nine shots ringing out , as well as the chaos outside his store . "  Everybody was screaming , " he said . "  There were kids running around . I saw an older couple , I guess they could n't run or anything so they were just crouched  down  to try to get cover . " K.T. remembers "  a lot of kids ... crying , and mothers were holding onto them . " It was "  crazy , " surreal , all those cliche words you use when terror visits a place where you 'd never imagine it . As K.T. put it , "  It 's one of those things you see on TV but never expect you 'll go through . " Some got safely outside , a diverse array of Saturday mallgoers , young and old , with families and without , who boarded buses to take them away from what was now a crime scene . Many worriedly clutched hands with those they were walking with , some choking back tears as they talked on the phone . Others , though , did n't or could n't leave . Judy Hoffman was among them . She locked herself inside the back room of a store she worked at , turned off the lights and waited . Ready said he and his store 's assistant manager hunkered in a stockroom for about 45 minutes before a man who -- without a uniform or badge -- identified himself as a Howard County police officer knocked . "  We did n't know whether to believe him or not , so we were really scared before he decided to open the door , " Ready said . "  But he did . It was him . He let us out , and then it was safe . " Another woman who worked at the mall , Shannon Washington , told CNN she he hid behind a counter for "  a couple of hours " before being escorted out by law enforcement then combing the mall . Washington eventually got home , the impact of the shooting lingered . She could n't think of going back to work , knowing she could find herself at any point in the middle of something this horrible , this frightening , this unexpected . "  This is the world , " said Washington . "  It seems like every time I turn on the news , it seems like this kind of thing is happening . " CNN 's Ray Sanchez and Ralph Ellis contributed to this report .	Three are found dead inside a Maryland mall , including the gunman One man heard "  boom , boom , boom , " then saw "  everybody running " Witnesses describe children crying and people screaming "  This is the world , " says a worker of the sudden violence
CNN  -- Pablo Neruda wooed readers with his romantic poetry , but the latest lines in his story could be ripped from a murder mystery . The Chilean poet 's 1973 death certificate says prostate cancer killed him . But his former chauffeur has another theory involving an unknown assassin , a lethal injection and the South American country 's notorious military coup . On Monday , authorities started putting that theory to the test , exhuming the poet 's remains as part of a high-profile investigation that could take months to complete . Manuel Araya , the chauffeur , said he 's received threats for making the controversial claim , which has riled some of Neruda 's supporters . That wo n't stop him from speaking his mind , Araya told CNN Chile . "  I am not afraid of anyone , " he said . Chauffeur : ` They silenced him ' Neruda died on September 23 , 1973 , just 12 days after a right-wing military coup ousted socialist President Salvador Allende and brought Gen. Augusto Pinochet to power . The poet , a Communist Party member , had criticized the coup and Pinochet . Less than two weeks later , he was dead . He had been planning to go into exile the next day -- and the timing of his death was no coincidence , according to Araya . Neruda was a well known political and public figure , having served as a lawmaker and diplomat in addition to his literary career , which earned him a Nobel Prize in 1971 . "  I believe that Pablo Neruda was murdered , because Pablo Neruda was a very relevant figure in history , as much in this country as in the world , " Araya told CNN Chile . "  He was going to go into exile on September 24 and they silenced him before then . " Thousands of people disappeared or died during Pinochet 's rule , and many have accused his government of using death squads to wipe out political opponents . Araya alleges that Neruda was poisoned in a clinic where he was undergoing treatment . That claim and several other alleged discrepancies surrounding the poet 's death drew the attention of Chile 's Communist Party , which called for Neruda to be exhumed in 2011 . Evidence suggests that a third party was involved in Neruda 's death , said Communist Party attorney Eduardo Contreras . Chilean Judge Mario Carroza ordered the exhumation in February . Nephew : ` This is a circus ' But not everyone shares the Communist Party 's concerns . After the exhumation request , the head of the Pablo Neruda Foundation -- founded by the poet 's widow to promote and preserve his legacy -- said he did n't want authorities to dig up Neruda 's remains . "  We are against an exhumation of his cadaver because it would seem to us a true act of desecration , " Juan Agustin Figueroa told Chile 's Radio Bio-Bio in 2011 . The organization has since adopted a more welcoming tone . "  In this year that marks four decades since the death of Pablo Neruda , we hope also that the investigation of Judge Carroza will help clarify the doubts that might exist regarding the poet 's death , " the foundation said in a statement last week . Others are n't convinced . "  This is a circus that I do not want to be part of , " Bernardo Reyes , Neruda 's nephew and biographer , said last week . Reyes said party officials never contacted him to discuss their desire to have Neruda 's remains exhumed , and he told CNN Chile that he remains suspicious of their motives . As debate surges , Reyes said he plans to update a biography of Neruda and publish photographs taken of the poet after his death , which show Neruda 's physical state and the clothes he was wearing in his coffin . "  It seems that when someone wants to find the truth but ignores all the sides of the story , that is notable , " he said . Expert : Time ` erases evidence ' The investigation into Neruda 's death follows another high-profile exhumation . As part of a massive probe of 726 reported human rights violations during Pinochet 's rule , Chilean authorities exhumed Allende 's body in 2011 . Official accounts ruled the leftist leader 's death a suicide , saying that he shot himself -- with a gun that was reportedly a gift from Fidel Castro -- as Pinochet 's troops closed in on the presidential palace . In July 2011 , Chile 's Legal Medical Service confirmed that suicide was the cause of Allende 's death For decades , Neruda has been buried alongside his wife , Matilde Urrutia , in Isla Negra , a coastal area in central Chile . Excavation crews began work there on Sunday and completed the exhumation on Monday , CNN Chile reported . Determining what really happened will be a difficult task , since so much time has passed since the poet 's death , one pathologist told CNN Chile . "  Time is a destructive factor , " said Dr. Luis Ravanal , an investigator for the office of Chile 's government ombudsman . "  It is an element that erases evidence . " Tissues will have decomposed , he said , and even if some sort of poison were used , there may no longer be any traces remaining . "  Science has enormous limitations in this case , " he said .	Investigators exhume poet Pablo Neruda 's remains His death certificate says he died of prostate cancer His former chauffeur alleges he was killed by an injection The claim has riled some of Neruda 's supporters
CNN  -- Kim Clijsters is looking forward to taking a break after her title reign at the Miami Masters ended at the quarterfinal stage . The 27-year-old , also the 2005 winner in Florida , could not repeat her heroic effort against Ana Ivanovic as she was beaten 6-3 6-3 by eighth seed Victoria Azarenka on Wednesday . The Belgian had saved five match-points before overcoming Ivanovic in the previous round , but admitted she was drained after stepping back on court less than 24 hours later . "  I just did n't feel good out there . Just mentally , physically , it did n't feel right , " the Australian Open champion told the WTA Tour website . "  Physically it was tough the last few days , but I train hard enough to be capable of doing that . Nadal and Federer close on semi clash "  Mentally I just did n't have any fighting spirit . It 's tough against someone like Victoria -- against some lower-ranked players it 's possible to get through matches , but not her . "  I 'm just looking forward to a break right now . It ca n't be long because we have Fed Cup in a couple of weeks , so probably a few days , get settled at home . " Clijsters , who briefly reclaimed the No. 1 ranking from Caroline Wozniacki after reaching the final in Paris in February , could now lose second place after failing to reach the semifinals for the second successive event . Vera Zvonareva can move back above Clijsters if she wins the title at the U.S. hard-court event . The third seed will next play Azarenka , having beaten Polish No. 9 Agnieszka Radwanska 7-5 6-3 in her earlier quarterfinal . Zvonareva and Azarenka are the only players to have beaten Clijsters more than once since the three-time U.S. Open champion 's return from retirement in 2009 . Azarenka , who has a 2-6 losing record against the Russian , won the 2009 title in Miami but was beaten by Clijsters in Florida in the fourth round last year . This time she led 6-3 5-1 before Clijsters -- who made eight double-faults in losing her serve six times -- saved two match-points . "  She went for her shots and stayed in the match until the end . I knew it would be tough and I was ready , " the Belarusian said . "  I have to play on a high level , because Vera is a very consistent player . She is showing some of the best tennis of her life right now , so I have to be aggressive and focused . " The other semifinal , also to be played on Thursday , sees Zvonareva 's compatriot Maria Sharapova bid to reach her third Miami final against Germany 's Andrea Petkovic . Meanwhile , Novak Djokovic continued his hot run of form as he reached the semifinals of the men 's event with a 6-4 6-2 crushing of South Africa 's Kevin Anderson on Wednesday . The Serbian , who beat world No. 1 Rafael Nadal in the final at Indian Wells almost two weeks ago , is now undefeated in 22 matches this year . The world No. 2 lost to Anderson in the second round in Miami three years ago , but progressed in one hour and 48 minutes to give himself a chance of a second title in Florida -- having won in 2007 and finished runner-up to Andy Murray in 2009 . The 23-year-old will next face Mardy Fish , who has beaten in all five previous meetings , after the 14th seed eliminated Australian Open semifinalist David Ferrer in the day 's opening men 's match . Fish won 7-5 6-2 against the Spanish sixth seed to ensure that he will become the top-ranked American for the first time , above two-time Miami champion Andy Roddick , when the new list is released next week . Roddick 's title defense ended with a second-round defeat by 67th-ranked Uruguayan Pablo Cuevas last week . Fish is hopeful that he can beat Djokovic , who has not dropped his serve in the tournament and has lost only 14 games in four matches so far . "  He 's not going to win every single match this year . Whether it be this week or in July , he 's not going to win every one . It 's just not possible . So hopefully it can be me , " the 29-year-old said . In Thursday 's men 's quarterfinals , two-time runner-up Nadal will take on Czech seventh seed Tomas Berdych while world No. 3 Roger Federer plays French 25th seed Gilles Simon as he seeks his third title here .	Victoria Azarenka ends Kim Clijsters ' hopes of a third title in Miami hard-court event Belgian beaten less than 24 hours after her epic three-set victory over Ana Ivanovic Eighth seed Azarenka will play world No. 3 Vera Zvonareva in the semifinals Novak Djokovic through to men 's semis after his 22nd successive win this year
CNN  -- Rep. John Murtha of Pennsylvania , a longtime fixture on the House subcommittee that oversees Pentagon spending , died after complications from gallbladder surgery , according to his office . He was 77 . The Democratic congressman recently underwent scheduled laparoscopic surgery at National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda , Maryland , to remove his gallbladder . The procedure was "  routine minimally invasive surgery , " but doctors "  hit his intestines , " a source close to the late congressman told CNN . Murtha was initially hospitalized in December and had to postpone a hearing with Defense Secretary Robert Gates on the administration 's strategy in Afghanistan . The congressman returned to work after a few days in the hospital and helped oversee final passage of the 2010 defense appropriations bill . The National Naval Medical Center issued a statement saying Murtha was admitted January 28 for surgery , but declined to reveal additional details , citing his family 's request for privacy and federal privacy laws . In a written statement , Ray Mabus , secretary of the Navy , and Adm. Gary Roughead , chief of naval operations , expressed sympathy and condolences . Murtha had a "  tough-as-nails reputation " and a "  passion for service , " President Obama said in a written statement . He was "  a steadfast advocate for the people of Pennsylvania " and "  a respected voice on issues of national security , " Obama said . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , a longtime ally of Murtha 's , said in a statement that he always put "  the troops and their families first . " Murtha was "  incredibly effective in his service in the House , " said Wisconsin Rep. David Obey , chairman of the Appropriations Committee . "  Every person who serves in the military has lost an advocate and a good friend . " Murtha "  will be missed , " said House Minority Leader John Boehner , R-Ohio . "  The House of Representatives has lost one of its own . " Murtha had represented Pennsylvania 's 12th Congressional District since 1974 , making him the chamber 's eighth most senior member . According to his biography on the House of Representatives Web site , Murtha was the first Vietnam War combat veteran elected to Congress . He was considered one of "  the kings of pork " on Capitol Hill by taxpayer watchdog groups for requesting tens of millions of dollars in earmarks . On his House Web site , Murtha strongly defended earmarks , saying , "  I believe that elected representatives of the people understand their constituents and districts best . " Supporters said his efforts helped bring thousands of jobs to western Pennsylvania . Other controversies dogged Murtha 's career . Critics alleged that he steered Pentagon contracts to businesses that hired his brother as a lobbyist , but Murtha insisted that his brother was treated like everyone else . Murtha also turned up in the FBI 's Abscam investigation in 1980 when undercover agents offered bribes to several members of Congress . Murtha was videotaped turning down a bribe , saying he was n't interested "  at this point . " He was not charged . Murtha came under fire during the 2008 election campaign for saying that part of his state was a "  racist area " where constituents would not vote for Obama because he was black . He later apologized and said , "  While we can not deny that race is a factor in this election , I believe we 've been able to look beyond race these past few months . " Murtha won 58 percent of the vote in 2008 , his last re-election ; Republican presidential candidate Sen. John McCain won the district by less than 1,000 votes . Murtha , a former Marine , also earned a reputation as one of Congress 's loudest anti-war voices . He initially supported the 2003 invasion of Iraq , but he stunned much of Washington when he called for a swift U.S. pullout in November 2005 , saying , "  U.S. and coalition troops have done all they can . ... It 's time for a change in direction . " In 2006 , Murtha seemed on track to become the House Majority leader , but he lost to Rep. Steny Hoyer of Maryland . Murtha said he was subject to "  swift boat-style attacks " on his ethics record , blasting critics who raised concerns about "  unfounded allegations that occurred 26 years ago . " Born June 17 , 1932 , in West Virginia , Murtha moved with his family to Pennsylvania as a child . Before joining the House , he was in the Pennsylvania state Legislature . He also served 37 years in the Marines and Marine Corps Reserves . He retired from the Reserves in 1990 and received the Navy Distinguished Service Medal . Murtha attended Washington and Jefferson College , but dropped out in 1952 to enlist in the Marines . He later graduated from the University of Pittsburgh . He is survived by his wife , Joyce , and three children . CNN 's Kristi Keck , Elizabeth Cohen , Sabriya Rice and Rebecca Sinderbrand contributed to this report .	NEW : Source : Complications came from doctors hitting intestines during surgery Murtha had represented Pennsylvania 's 12th Congressional District since '74 Watchdog groups considered longtime lawmaker one of "  the kings of pork " on Capitol Hill Ex-Vietnam War vet stunned Congress when he urged U.S. to pull out of Iraq in 2005
CNN  -- The deadly Ebola virus which has ripped through three West African countries has had the biggest impact in Liberia . As of last week , the country has had over 7,000 cases of the disease and nearly 3,000 deaths , according to the World Health Organization . Earlier this month , a World Bank report said that "  nearly half of the working population of Liberia is no longer working since the crisis began . " The World Bank , which conducted two rounds of mobile-phone surveys , also said that over 30 % of working households were self-employed before the crisis -- but this is now down to just above 10 % . Such a reduction in employment is being coupled with what the World Food Programme calls "  abnormally high " rice prices in certain places due to quarantine measures . As the economic impact of the virus deepens , CNN 's African Start-Up reached out to workers , entrepreneurs and business people in Liberia to find out how they 're dealing with the crisis . Here 's what they had to say . Harris Kollie - "  Pen-pen " motobike-taxi driver "  People do n't want to ride with us ... because they are afraid of the transmission of the disease . Many customers are students , but now the schools are closed already . There 's no jobs , so as a result there is a reduction in customers . "  Before the outbreak we used to transport 30-40 people a day . Now , because of the closure of schools and businesses , we might transport 20 people in a day . "  Feeding the family now is quite challenging of course . The price of rice goes up , it 's not easy to find it -- 25kg of rice is $ 20 now , but before rice was $ 14 . " Peter Swen Jr - Surfing teacher "  People used to come hang out on the beach and rent surf boards from me and have surf lesson -LSB- s -RSB- , but not any more . "  On the weekend -LSB- it -RSB- used to be about 15 to 20 people . I pray Ebola be eradicate -LSB- d -RSB- soon . " Fomba Trawally - owner of National Toiletries Incorporated " -LSB- The Ebola outbreak -RSB- forced us to reduce our workforce and subsequently our production . Our local sales dropped considerably because movement was restricted as a measure to prevent the spread of the Ebola virus ... Border closure with neighboring countries also affected our business as some of our raw materials and finished products were imported from these neighboring countries like Cote D'Ivoire and Guinea . "  As an individual , it placed me in a state of confusion . I did not know how and who to downsize among my small staff . It made me reduce the time I spent with my family and spent more time thinking about how to keep my business running and operational ... It will go a long way to restore normality for me and my family . " George Watkins - Taxi driver "  Now there is no business at all . Before the crisis I used to do four trips from the airport to Monrovia town each day . Now it 's one or two flights per day , sometimes nothing . People do n't want to be in the same space as other people . Everybody is staying at home . It 's very difficult these days . " Amin Modad - CEO of Bella Casa Hotel "  When the Ebola epidemic hit , all hotels experienced an unprecedented sharp decline of occupancy from an average of 50 % to about 5 % . In fact , as early as May , we began experiencing cancellations as far out as December . For a Liberian entrepreneur paying about $ 22K monthly towards bank loans , this meant getting into immediate defaults with the banks for non-performance . "  I had to take a couple of actions for both health safety and the financial situation : Temporarily put down about 40 % of my staff  especially those who lived furthest from the hotel in communities that were more susceptible to the virus  ... We had to downgrade to much much smaller generators as the larger ones were consuming incomparably to our occupancy hence the revenue we were generating ... We also had to slash prices . " Chid Liberty - CEO of clothes manufacturing company Liberty & Justice "  Going into July we had almost half a million dollars in open postal orders  PO  from a client who worked with us for three years to launch our factory . Unfortunately in August , we had to stop production and keep our workers safe by keeping them home . Since that time our POs have expired . "  I am absolutely optimistic about the future . Liberia had some issues in the beginning and the global response left a lot to be desired . But things are moving in the right direction ... We have a multi-million dollar asset in the epicenter of the outbreak , so we want to use it for good . We 've started a campaign to assemble and distribute medical supplies from our factory . We want to be among the first major employers to get going after the outbreak and hope our success can draw others in . " Taa Wongbe - Managing partner of The Khana Group "  Hotel occupancy rates are down 85 % ... Everyone selling to hotels  the entire value/supply chain  has been impacted . Vehicle rentals are down , projects that should have started have shut down or stopped . While this is a tough time for us , we have maintained 100 % of our staff and their salaries because we know it 's even tougher times for them . I am Liberian ... I am always confident about the future . In the midst of the war , with dead bodies around me , I was confident about the future . " Bedell W. Sandi - CEO/President of Efficient Logistic Services "  There has been an unprecedented increase in demand in the areas of transportation , warehousing , and clearing and forwarding due to the Ebola outbreak and the international response to it . "  We are working with WFP , WHO , UNICEF and other international groups to move medical supplies , construction material and food items around Liberia . "  This will help the bottom line of businesses in these sectors including ours . We hope to leverage this opportunity to grow our business as we can already see that the increased response is definitely going to result in the eradication of Ebola from Liberia in the short run . We think the prospect for our business is good . " Daniel Hopkins - Co-founder of Kwepunha Retreat "  The outbreak has affected me by causing me to leave Liberia and return to San Diego to look for work and find a means to stay afloat while our business is closed . The surf retreat has been forced to close its doors due to a complete stop in tourism and the evacuation of many long term expats that provided us with regular business . " Manfred Zbrzezny - Manager of Fyrkuna Metalworks "  I had just built a new workshop when Ebola started ... I was working on a major sculpture which is suspended for time being until Ebola is over . To make it over the last months friends and family have helped financially , so the three workers and my family could manage . The great international help that comes now is too much and too late . Besides there is a lot of money wasted . Still I do not know when and how the activity will go back to normal . " Teemu Ropponen - Country director of tech hub iLab Liberia "  We 've had to cancel many of our ICT-related trainings and events . We organize public gatherings most days in a week , so the crisis has pretty much put a halt on this ! Many of our existing and new projects have been put on hold or postponed . Luckily , all our staff and families have remained directly unaffected , though the crisis affects all of us in many ways ... It will take a long long time before all becomes normal ... The first things that need to happen is that the epidemic gets into such control that it is safe to organize public gatherings and trainings again . " Are you in Liberia ? Share your thoughts in the comments section below . Read this : The African weapons beating Ebola More from African Start-Up	46 % of Liberians working at the start of the Ebola crisis are now unemployed Liberia has had over 7,000 cases of Ebola and nearly 3,000 deaths Businesses have been forced to close because of the outbreak Hotel occupancy rates are down 85 % as airlines avoid the region
CNN  -- European colonies might seem to belong to the age of empires , Napoleon , galleon ships and spice trading . But there remains a handful of captivating islands scattered in the remote fringes of the Caribbean , Pacific and Atlantic that still belong to some of the world 's more powerful nations . St. Pierre and Miquelon Officially : Overseas Collectivity of France Located in the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador , the tiny islands of St. Pierre and Miquelon changed hands frequently between the British and the French in the 1700s . They finally settled in Gallic hands after Napoleon 's second abdication in 1815 . With peat bogs , rugged hills and a now struggling fishing industry , the last time the islands made headlines was during the Prohibition era , when they briefly became a hub of alcohol smuggling into the United States . These days tourism plays a large role in keeping this "  department " of France alive . "  I remember the ferry ride and the young school children vomiting with seasickness , " says Canadian travel blogger Candice Walsh , who traveled there from Newfoundland via a one-hour ferry trip . "  Then : stepping onto the pier , the whole downtown area opening up with colorful storefronts , old French-styled architecture and adorable little European cars . "  English is barely spoken , and European voltage replaces North American standards . Euros are the currency . " For the 6,300 residents , a hefty $ 65 million subsidy from Paris is even more important in enabling civilization here to continue . If you make the trip , you can expect a French-ness that is absolute , from the liqueur stores selling Bordeaux and Burgundy to lace curtains and bijou patisseries selling croissants and pastries . More information is available from the St. Pierre and Miquelon official website . Air Saint-Pierre services the islands from St. John 's  Newfoundland  , Halifax and Montreal in Canada . Guam Officially : Unincorporated Territory of the United States Coral reefs , waterfalls , brown tree snakes and a local obsession with Spam , Guam is the most southerly and largest of the Mariana Islands located in the western Pacific Ocean . A major military asset of the United States , there are huge Navy and Air Force installations here and the surrounding oceans are used by the U.S. military for war game simulations . For visitors , many of whom come from Japan , there 's plenty to do despite the high troop presence . Huge underwater coral craters teem with stingrays and are a draw to divers . The food is a unique fusion of Spanish , Mexican and native Chamorro influences -- spicy dishes featuring tortillas , soy , corn bread and coconut . Food plays a big role in the fiestas in Guam , which take place throughout the year . "  In the South , you do n't need to be invited , you can just show up and go to all the different family 's homes holding fiestas , " says Antonia , who writes the blog iquitmyjobandmovedtoguam.com . "  One guy -LSB- told me -RSB- , ` You ca n't call yourself an islander until you 've eaten these three things . 1 . Red rice 2 . Dried beef 3 . Local crab . ' Another said , ` You ca n't ever lose weight in Guam and no one is ever skinny . ' " Beaches feature almost blindingly white sands . The sheer cliff edge known as Two Lovers Point is a hugely popular wedding venue for tourists ; legend has it that two lovers , forbidden from being together by their parents , threw themselves off the edge into the Philippine Sea . More information is available from the official Visit Guam website . Korean Air flies from Incheon Airport to Guam . United Airlines and Delta Air Lines fly to Guam from Honolulu . Niue Officially : Self-governing state in free association with New Zealand You ca n't get much more remote than Niue  pronounced new-way  , gloriously isolated in the South Pacific Ocean , some 1,500 miles to the northeast of New Zealand . This tiny coral reef  known as a "  maketa " island  is home to barely 1,500 people , just a fraction of the total number of Niueans , many of whom have migrated to New Zealand , with whom it operates in "  free association . " This means , in a slightly different arrangement to an overseas territory , New Zealand , under the island 's constitution , must provide "  necessary economic and administrative assistance " to Niue . The underwater chasms , ravines and gullies here make for great scuba diving . Humpback whales often pass by and , despite the lack of beach  the oval-shaped island rises sharply out of the ocean  , there 's still a handful of restaurants and bars overlooking the vast Pacific that serve Polynesian specialties including coconut crab , breadfruit , cassava and shellfish . "  There are only 100 rooms for accommodation on the island , and estimates say that Niue only sees about 2,000 tourists a year , " says travel blogger Joshua Foster , who visited in 2009 . "  This creates a completely unique atmosphere on the island -- locals know tourism is important for their economy , yet the tourism numbers are still small enough that the locals are genuinely happy to see travelers . "  It is far and away the most friendly place I have ever been . " More information is available from the Niue Tourism Office website . Air New Zealand flies to Niue from Auckland twice a week . Gibraltar Officially : British Overseas Territory A source of near constant friction between Britain and Spain , the tiny enclave of Gibraltar on Spain 's far southern coast was granted to the UK in the Treaty of Utrecht in 1713 -- it remains the only overseas territory Britain possesses in Europe . For Brits , it 's by far the easiest of all the remaining British overseas territories to visit -- even budget airlines fly here from London  . The formerly vital naval base  it 's now a hub of offshore finance  is home to nearly 30,000 British subjects . If the retro pubs serving full fried English breakfasts in the soaring Mediterranean heat do n't appeal , there 's plenty to explore on the colossal Rock of Gibraltar . It 's inhabited by a huge population of Barbary macaque monkeys and miles of tunnels on and in the Rock , dug out during the 19th century by locals to protect the territory during a siege by the French and Spanish , who were trying to wrestle it out of British hands . Despite the tensions , Gibraltar 's place on the world sporting stage got a boost in 2013 when its team was admitted to Europe 's governing football body UEFA . This means that , as the continent 's smallest competing team , Gibraltar will be in the hunt to qualify for the 2016 European Championships in France . More information is available at the official Gibraltar Tourist Board website . Easyjet flies to Gibraltar from London Gatwick . Saba Officially : Special Municipality of the Netherlands Ferns , elfin forests , tropical flowers and mahogany trees , Saba is one of the quietest and least visited islands in the Caribbean . It 's one of three Caribbean islands administered as "  special municipalities " of Holland from The Hague . Along with Bonaire and St. Eustatius , Saba draws a small yet committed bunch of visitors who come for the diving amid coral reefs teeming with groupers , turtles and the odd shark . By law , all the houses the 1,500 locals reside in are painted white with red roofs and green shutters . Goats outnumber people by 10 to one , though you 'll need more than a little goat-like stubbornness to climb the 1,064 concrete steps that lead to the summit of Mount Scenery . The name is n't a misnomer -- the steps pass through rainforest bulging with mountain palms and elephant ear ferns and the view from the top on a clear day is sublime . Better still , the only company you 're likely to be sharing the view with are hummingbirds , iguanas and the odd  harmless  racer snake . More information is available from the official Saba Tourist Bureau website . Winair flies from St. Maarten to Saba daily . The flight takes just 12 minutes . Tristan da Cunha Officially : British Overseas Territory Forget what the people of the Galapagos tell you , this is the most remote inhabited place on the entire planet -- a volcanic island in the South Atlantic 1,750 miles from the nearest populated place , Cape Town , South Africa . The reasons for the 260 British subjects  who share six surnames between them  residence here are bizarre . When Napoleon was exiled to St. Helena  another British territory in the Atlantic  a small band of British soldiers was stationed on Tristan to prevent the island being used as part of any escape attempt . Their descendants now comprise the population , which was evacuated to southern England in 1961 after the volcano erupted . They returned the next year , preferring their island to city life . "  Tristan da Cunha is definitely not the most exotic island to travel to , but if you want to escape the chaos of the big city and experience life in a small , friendly community , you probably wo n't find a better place , " writes Florin Nedelcu , who blogs for hotelclub.com . The chances of the diminutive tyrant fleeing via here back to France were always pretty remote -- Tristan is thousands of miles in the wrong direction from Paris . Today , the main industry is the export of crayfish . There are no hotels , no airstrips , just one pub  the Albatross Inn  and , if you want to get here , you 'll have to either snag a place on the few South African fishing vessels that pass by or book a berth on the RMS St. Helena , Britain 's last post boat , which delivers mail to the locals . For more information visit Tristan da Cunha . For details on the schedule of the RMS St. Helena and other vessels that visit check out this official Tristan da Cunha website . Rob Crossan is a freelance journalist and radio presenter based in Stockwell , South London , with more than 10 years experience writing and talking about travel , lifestyle , food , music , books and disability affairs .	Colonies are n't as common as they used to be , but several overseas territories remain , and they 're worth a visit You can get to France with an hour 's ferry ride from Canada to the islands of St. Pierre and Miquillon Britain 's Tristan da Cunha in the South Atlantic has a population of just 260 , and specializes in exporting crayfish
CNN  -- With the grandiloquence befitting such an occasion , Simon Watt , the British biologist , television personality and "  president for life " of the Ugly Animal Preservation Society , made the long-anticipated announcement Thursday night . "  The votes have been counted and verified , " said Watt . "  The mascot for the Ugly Animal Preservation Society is ... the blobfish ! " GALLERY : World 's most hideous creatures Watt presented a certificate authenticating the choice of blobfish as the organization 's mascot to Paul Foot , the UK comedian who had championed the gelatinous fish as the society 's new mascot . According to the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration  NOAA  , blobfish "  look like a big , blobby tadpole , just a mass of pale , jelly-like flesh with puffy , loose skin , a big nose and beady , staring eyes . " They 're not very big either , growing only to about 12 inches in length . NOAA says nobody has ever seen them eat , but the British Science Association says they feast on crabs and lobsters . Blobfish are found mainly off the coast of southeastern Australia and Tasmania . Like many of the world 's ugliest fish , they prefer to lay low , usually at depths of 2,000 to 4,000 feet  600 to 1,200 meters  , bobbing around above the bottom of the ocean . Which is a shame , really . This cross between the cartoon character Ziggy and an anemic lump of jelly deserves to be seen by the masses . The Ugly Animal Preservation Society is dedicated "  to raising the profile of some of Mother Nature 's more aesthetically challenged children . " Led by Watt , the group of like-minded comedians spent the summer fishing around for public nominations as part of its pursuit to name the world 's ugliest animal . With the help of the British National Science and Engineering Competition , Watt put together a YouTube page on which ugly animal fans could watch 11 comedians plead their cases for 11 ugly but endangered animals . In the end , the blobfish and its champion , Paul Foot , came out on top . Other contenders included the proboscis monkey , a primate with an obscene schnoz ; the flightless dung beetle ; and the unfortunate pig-nosed turtle . See the video with Watt and Foot on the Ugly Animal Preservation Society website .	Blobfish named official mascot of Ugly Animal Preservation Society Proboscis monkey , pig-nosed turtle mount challenge , but no ugliness could equal the blob Ugly Animal Preservation Society is brainchild of Simon Watt , British biologist and television personality
CNN  -- On December 30 2007 , incumbent President Mwai Kibaki was announced the winner of Kenya 's highly contested presidential elections . Against a backdrop of decades of economic frustration and simmering ethnic tensions , the violence that ensued , largely along ethnic lines , shocked both the nation and the world , threatening to set progress of the development community 's golden child back by decades . The violence shook Kenya 's national identity to the core . More than 1,000 people were killed and hundreds of thousands displaced in the chaotic bloodbath that followed . Gangs took to the street armed with clubs , machetes , bows and arrows , hacking people to death , burning homes and destroying the country 's infrastructure , so critical to the region 's stability . On March 4 , Kenyans will once again cast their votes for president . And despite tremendous efforts to prevent a repeat of the previous catastrophe , pre-election tensions are mounting . In August 2012 , at least 50 people were killed in a land dispute between the Pokomo and Orma people in the Tana Delta region , and in September , deadly riots were triggered by the killing of a Muslim cleric in Mombasa , sparking fears that a bloody election could be repeated . Yet Kenya 's tech-savvy activists are determined to prevent their nation slipping into chaos and with up to 93 % of Kenyans using mobile phones , they 're harnessing the power of technology to monitor elections , report incidents of violence and encourage a peaceful process . Read also : Kenyan DJs go without food for peaceful elections Following the 2007/8 election violence , an ad-hoc group of bloggers and technologists developed Ushahidi  meaning "  Witness " in Swahili  in just two days . The Ushahidi crowdmap enabled citizens across the nation to report incidents of violence by SMS or email . Reports were compiled into an online map , providing the most comprehensive picture of the true situation in an environment where official sources were understating its true extent . The Ushahidi team have ramped up their efforts in preparation for this year 's elections . In partnership with a Kenyan NGO , the Social Development Network , they 've developed Uchaguzi , which has already been deployed for the Kenyan constitutional referendum and elections in Uganda , Tanzania and Zambia . As well as enabling citizens to monitor elections in near real-time , they have engaged more traditional election observers who are able to verify and amplify messaging to security personnel and electoral authorities in the event of outbreaks of violence . By engaging with authorities and making their responses visible , it is hoped that the platform will shine a light on the electoral process and enable greater public scrutiny and more rapid response . Aware of the powerful influence that new media such as online forums and the blogosphere had in both inciting and dampening violence in the last election , Nairobi 's iHub , a hothouse for tech innovation in Kenya , is piloting an initiative called Umati , which is monitoring and reporting hate speech that could trigger violence this year . Incidents will be integrated into the Uchaguzi platform with the hope of limiting or thwarting the harm they may cause . Read also : Navigating Kenya by Twitter In order to better inform the public , Nairobi broadsheet the Daily Nation has produced a dedicated election site focusing on the candidates , and Mzalendo , developed in partnership with mySociety , enables voters to rate their candidates and access critical information on MPs and parliamentary proceedings . The Indigo Trust , of which I am executive , is a grant-making foundation that funds technology-driven projects that bring about social change in Africa . We have also been supporting a number of interventions that we hope will contribute towards mitigating violence in Kenya this year . We 've funded the development of a platform being hosted by Youth Agenda , which uses SMS messaging to encourage youth to select leaders on the basis of their attributes and policies as opposed to along tribal lines . The platform also collates the responses of young people , using them to initiate debate around key political issues affecting them and to inform and lobby those in charge . Read also : Can tech revolutionize African elections ? We also fund the Sisi Ni Amani , a Kenyan partner of the PeaceTXT initiative , conceptualized by PopTech . Built on a violence-interruption approach that has been used in contexts as differing as Baltimore and Baghdad , the intervention combines targeted SMS with intensive on-the-ground work by existing peace builders and community leaders to target potential flashpoints of violence . As well as encouraging users to vote , the platform sends out violence-prevention messages , provides civic education and updates communities about relevant peace-building activities , with the aim of de-escalating tensions and reducing the potential for conflict . Several international interventions are complementing this wide range of home-grown initiatives . Google 's Kenya elections hub enables voters to register online , receive SMS confirmation and locate polling stations on a map , while YouTube has launched a dedicated Kenya Election 2013 channel , in collaboration with Storyful . Social media is also contributing towards a transparent and accountable process . Over 25 % of Kenyans are now online . Kenya has an estimated 11 , 000 bloggers and almost 2.5 million Tweets were sent by Kenyans in just the last three months of 2012 -- many based around political messaging . Social media has been shown to influence government , with the # 140friday discussions around the fairness of government tenders being credited with an increased allocation of government contracts to Kenyan companies . MP Ferdinand Waititu was identified as an alleged inciter of violence through a video clip captured by mobile phone at a rally . Significant challenges still remain . It is well known that alternative media often does n't reach poorer communities , which include the slums where there were severe outbreaks of violence in the aftermath of the last elections . Both social and traditional media also greatly contributed to inciting and escalating the violence in 2007/8 . Whilst it 's impossible to predict how Kenya 's March election will be acted out , one can be certain that any atrocities will be committed under the public scrutiny of a tech-savvy society . And as Africa 's most technologically innovative nation goes to the polls , we can only hope that tech-driven interventions will contribute towards a peaceful process . Follow Indigo Trust on Twitter . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Loren Treisman .	Violence after 2007 Kenyan election left more than 1,000 dead Kenyans coming up with innovative ways to promote peace and monitor violence "  Umati " platform being used to monitor and report hate speech , says Loren Treisman "  Sisi Ni Amani " uses SMS to educate communities and build peace
Jerusalem  CNN  -- It was a heart-wrenching memorial for victims of the Toulouse killings . The fact that three of them were just young children , shot in cold blood , added to the feelings of loss and despair . On the outskirts of Jerusalem , at the main Givat Shaul cemetery , ambulances delivered the coffins , as thousands came to pay their respects . "  In Toulouse and Jerusalem , in New York and Buenos Aires , Jews are standing together , " the speaker of the Israeli parliament , Reuven Rivlin , told the mourners . "  The house of Israel weeps at these murders , " he added . The atmosphere was acutely sad and subdued , with painful moments of intense grief . One came when the mother of a murdered toddler arrived to bid farewell to her child . Too distraught to walk , she was carried from the ambulance by the crowd . The teenaged brother of seven-year-old Miriam Monsonego -- the little girl shot at point blank range by the gunman -- captured the distress of the tragedy . "  Miriam , I have a last request , never stop crying and pray to god to give us strength to continue and give strength for our parents to overcome this most terrible time . " And as a sign of how serious the French government is taking this attack , the country 's foreign minister , Alain Juppe , also made an address , vowing to protect French Jews from attack . "  Do n't have any doubts about our steadfast ability to fight anti Semitism , " he told the crowd . "  Every time a Jew is cursed , attacked or killed , the whole nation is in the crosshairs and has to react immediately . " Many Israelis , though , may not be convinced by that . France is often identified here as a place where the Jewish community is vunerable , and there is alarm at what is seen in Israel as a rising tide of anti-Semitism across Europe . "  The Jews of Europe are once again in grave danger , " comments one opinion piece on the popular Ynetnews.com website . The article predicts an upsurge in the number of Jews abandoning Europe for Israel , calling it a "  tragic but unavoidable process : the New Europe will be a Jews-free continent . " That may be alarmist , but the dreadful killings in Toulouse , the standoff , and the emotional burials in Jerusalem , have reopened a sensitive debate .	Funeral held in Jerusalem for victims of shooting at Ozar Hatorah School in Toulouse , France Three children died alongside their teacher when a gunman opened fire on Monday French foreign minister , speaker of Israeli parliament among mourners at cemetery
CNN  -- As a veteran of combat in Vietnam , I am often asked about current wars . Recently I have been asked about soldiers posing with corpses or urinating on corpses in Afghanistan . The "  patriotic " media wants us to understand what it is like to be a soldier in war , not to condone the conduct but to ask "  who are we to judge ? " They want to know about rules of war : "  Are there rules about taking pictures with dead bodies ? " When I see these pictures , I am not shocked . I have similar pictures from Vietnam . And I 'm in them . Such pictures are part of our warrior culture . Not everyone takes them , but they are not in any way unusual . Look at the famous photos from Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq . The U.S. soldiers are n't looking over their shoulders . None of them appears worried about being caught doing something wrong . They all look comfortable , often smiling for the camera . This tells me that the behavior captured in the photographs was S.O.P.  standard operating procedure  . What I find most disconcerting is all this attention to what is done to these dead bodies and absolutely no question or curiosity about why they are dead in the first place . No questions about why U.S. troops are still in Afghanistan at all . The idea of having "  rules of war " assumes that there is a proper and civilized way to conduct warfare . I find the idea ludicrous . We teach our children to solve their problems without fighting , not by fighting according to rules . For the most part we practice what we preach . The county I live in sued a city that wanted to build a cement plant . The county did n't want the pollution . A court ruled in favor of the city , and the county lived by the ruling . The county did n't send the sheriff 's department in to kill some city residents . Florida is suing Georgia for diverting too much water to Atlanta . Neither state is likely to call out the National Guard if it loses the case . So why is it that when nations have disputes , we must accept that they will murder and maim each other 's citizens ? The conduct of soldiers in war is made up of violent behavior that is criminal behavior outside of war . War is when we allow our loved ones to murder and destroy and then wonder that they are so traumatized . Misconduct hurts morale , Panetta warns troops In Vietnam , I lost my first friend at a place known as Alpha North . It was my third week ; it changed who I was forever . I realized then and there that my life and the lives of my friends were really at risk . We were in a place where it was the job of the people who lived there to kill us . There was no second chance , no time out . This was for real . As was typical of our troops , I lost all empathy for the Vietnamese . They all looked the same , and I could n't tell the ones who liked us from the ones that wanted us dead . As is also typical in such situations , I chose to err on the side of safety . "  F *** the Vietnamese ! " was my attitude . We all knew  or thought we knew  that the life of one Marine was worth more than the lives of all of the Vietnamese put together . If we are going to talk about rules of war , it does n't make sense to start with the soldiers and Marines who have been put into that situation . They will all tell you that the first rule is to stay alive . Most people , when asked to choose between obeying the rules , if they believe that harm or death will come to them and their loved ones , or breaking the rules , if they believe it will keep them and their loved ones safe , choose to break the rules . The question is hypothetical to most people , but not to a soldier in combat . Instead , if we 're going to talk about rules of war , we have to start with the powerful people who chose to put those soldiers there . The No. 1 war crime is starting a war , because all other war crimes emanate from that first crime . I have not been to Afghanistan , but there are some evident similarities between the war there and the war in Vietnam . Call it Vietghanistan . Both are wars of occupation . The people of both countries looked different from us , resulting in racial profiling . They are all suspects , a word that carries a suggestion of guilt . Neither war has had an actual plan for winning . When people ask me if we could have won the war in Vietnam , I say that I was taught that the duty of a Marine is to destroy the will of the enemy to resist the authority of the United States of America . The way a Marine performs that duty is to make the price of that resistance more than the enemy can afford . Opinion : Do n't demonize our troops In Vietnam "  Body Count " was the measure of success . I was told that if we killed 10 Vietnamese for every American , we would win . We more than met that goal without , of course , winning . But our rule was "  might makes right " -- a philosophy that my father had taught me the United States had defeated in World War II . It seems to be alive and well . In Afghanistan , the United States supposedly invaded to arrest one man . Last year we were told he 'd been executed in Pakistan . What is the mission now ? My mental wounds are more painful than my physical wounds . The cream of my generation was wasted in the rice paddies of Vietnam . All of the sacrifices we made bought nothing but a black marble wall in Washington . It pains me greatly that my country did not learn from Vietnam that it should never again to waste its children on wars of choice , but instead use civilized nonviolent methods of conflict resolution . Today my country perpetrates the same crimes against my children 's generation . This is unbelievably hard for me to take . Do we really believe that having rules on how we can murder each other in war makes the murdering clean , acceptable , and civilized behavior ? If we developed rules for rape or slavery , would they be acceptable too ? Should we bring back dueling and regulate individual murder ? Why is murder on a large scale treated so differently from other outrages ? I am told that killing people in war is n't murder , because it is sanctioned by the government . This reminds me of former president Richard Nixon saying "  when the president does it , that means that it is not illegal . " In warfare , the overwhelming majority of those who suffer and are killed are civilians ? Does calling them collateral damage really mitigate those losses and make them acceptable ? Not to me . What about the laws on our books that forbid war ? The Kellogg-Briand Pact bans all war . The United Nations Charter legalizes two types of wars , neither of which matches most of our current wars . Our wars are neither defensive nor authorized by the U.N. Security Council . And the U.S. Constitution forbids wars not declared by Congress , which has not declared a war since 1941 . As long as we are willing to accept war as a legitimate means of conflict resolution , we must be willing to accept the facts that go with war . Mothers , fathers , aunts and uncles , grandparents and children will die and be maimed both physically and mentally . Some of them will be in uniform , but the majority of them will just be "  collateral damage . " Our family members will come home with physical , psychological , and behavioral problems . We will continue to have military and VA hospitals with waiting lines . Preparing for these wars means continuing to train our children to hurt and kill other humans . This involves a process of dehumanization that is in conflict with the training required to produce good citizens in a democratic society . In my training at Parris Island , the citizen was taken out of me and I was rebuilt as a Marine . We had a prayer that we recited every night when we hit the rack : "  Another day in the Corps , Sir , for every day is a holiday and every meal is a feast . Pray for war . Pray for war . God bless the Marine Corps . Pray for war . God bless the Commandant . Pray for war . God bless the drill instructors of 353 . Pray for war . " Are we really willing to continue to accept all of this ? My organization , Veterans For Peace , believes that our stories are our strength . We believe that by educating the public by relating our personal experiences , we can reveal the hard , ugly truth about war . Our collective experience has taught us that war is futile and immoral . We believe that it is abhorrent to think of human beings as "  collateral damage , " and we refuse to be silent as our government continues to pursue illegal , immoral wars of aggression . We believe that if the public really saw and understood the truth of war as we do -- they would end it . As long as we continue to accept war as an acceptable means of conflict resolution , things will remain the same . Work for peace . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Scott Camil .	Scott Camil : Horror over soldiers defiling corpses avoids issue of our involvement in war He says we teach kids to work out conflict , then teach soldiers to use violence in conflict He says he too lost empathy in Vietnam ; soldiers not to blame , warmongering leaders are Camil : "  Rules of war " a ridiculous notion . Why are we still in "  Vietghanistan ? "
CNN  -- An apartment left untouched since before the fall of the Berlin Wall has been discovered by a developer in the eastern German city of Leipzig , German media reports said Thursday . The fall of the Berlin Wall heralded the end of the communist regime in East Germany in 1989 . The discovery , made by architect Mark Aretz , revealed a small one-bedroom apartment evidently abandoned quickly by its occupants as the Communist East German state disintegrated in 1989 , Spiegel Online reported . A wall calendar showed August 1988 , and the kitchen cupboard and drawers contained plastic crockery and aluminium cutlery along with communist-era food brands such as "  Vita " Cola , "  Marella " margarine , "  Juwel " cigarettes and a bottle of "  Kristall " vodka . "  When we opened the door we felt like Howard Carter when he found the grave of Tutankhamen , " Aretz told the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung newspaper . "  Everything was a mess but it was like a historic treasure trove , a portal into an age long gone . " According to Aretz -- a developer who renovates properties in eastern Germany -- the occupant appears to have been a 24-year-old man from Leipzig who had been in trouble with the authorities , judging by personal documents left behind . The most recent document was dated May , 1989 -- a police search warrant for a caravan . There was also a stamped and addressed postcard written by the occupant , but he had never sent it , Spiegel said .	Apartment found by developer in eastern German city of Leipzig Occupant left in a hurry as East German state crumbled in 1989 Communist-era food brands such as "  Vita " Cola , "  Marella " margarine found
CNN  What is beauty ? What role does it have in spirituality ? Is it in the eye of the beholder ? These seemingly innocuous questions have snowballed into a bitter polemic on the Catholic altar , where a battle of aesthetic titans has ensued : religious scholars versus the so-called "  starchitects " who have earned multimillion-dollar contracts to build megachurches for the new millennium . To arbitrate , Italian photographer Andrea Di Martino looked to find meaning in these newly built houses of God . "  I wanted to photograph new-but-already-established churches from this millennium ... but I had to explain to a lot of people that I was n't documenting the demise of the Catholic Church or even the loss of churchgoers but how these churches have now become part of the establishment , " he said . From Turin to Rome , Di Martino zigzagged through cities where celebrity architects hoped their designs would add to Italy 's great architectural landscape . Photographing the works of architectural giants such as Paolo Portoghesi , Mario Botta , Richard Meier , Renzo Piano and others , Di Martino explored whether there is a historical continuum with the traditions of Brunelleschi , Bernini , Da Vinci and other artistic geniuses whose religious reverence helped build some of the world 's greatest monuments . Di Martino used a formal approach , photographing these churches from an egalitarian perspective . His camera takes a centralized position to allow the architectural concepts to get fair play . Photography , he hoped , could translate the aesthetic decisions behind some very controversial and expensive designs that , to some people , are unrecognizable as churches . In Turin , which hosts the Holy Shroud , Di Martino photographed Botta 's Church of Santo Volto . Standing in what was a depressed steelwork factory , the church has received endless accolades by design experts around the world . But it has also been criticized by Vatican members and religious scholars who say they are extremely materialistic , devoid of spiritual references and divorced from the Catholic dogma . At the other end of the discussion , these new architects are building a new vision for the future . Botta 's work is often called "  revolutionary " and "  genius , " and some have put it in the company of Le Corbusier and Niemeyer . The crux of the issue : Is there a continuum with the past ? Does it follow the Catholic Church 's norms , defined by decree , for what is a church ? In an online interview , Botta acknowledged the struggle . "  To build a church nowadays is to come face to face with millenary history and , whether I like it or not , I find myself  confronting  these historical issues , " he said . Di Martino said that when he stood outside photographing these churches , he rarely got a positive response . "  I know you ca n't build Baroque churches today , but there is definitely a disconnect between the populace and the ideas of these architects , " Di Martino said . "  The big issue is that we are in search of a model that can represent our era . And we have n't found one . " Vatican officials have lashed out against what they see as a diversion from dictates on how to build a church according to Catholic liturgy . These laws , however , have been subject to interpretation . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . The Diocese of Turin , for instance , defends its decision to stand by Botta 's design , claiming it adheres to Catholic dogma on aesthetics . The seven-tower church with skylights is a symbolic play on the use of natural light in ritual and divinity . The industrial-looking church complex blends in with the area associated with Turin 's working class . To the common eye , these towers may seem more like giant chimneys , a reference to the industrial , working-class area . Photographing inside this monumental building is a different story . Liturgical tradition is referenced , but only slightly . Di Martino photographs the pixelated image of the Holy Face , a "  half-cross " by the altar , every element illuminated by natural light . A possible allusion that God is omnipresent in the digital age ? In Rome , Meier was tasked to build a church in the city 's somewhat derelict outskirts of Rome in an area called Tor Tre Teste . Perched like a white pearl amid tired tower blocks and parking lots , Meier 's Jubilee Church is simple and reflects light like other Meier buildings . It is a clean , clear-cut design . But where is the recognizable iconography and other elements that help situate Catholics in this era of rationalist architecture ? Di Martino , who said his style is really photojournalism , has great interest in social issues . Photographing modern buildings makes sense in his body of work , he said . "  I approach architecture in the same way . I am interested in how man is placed in this design , even though I photograph these buildings without people , " he said . "  They are not there , but I still like to narrate their story . " Andrea Di Martino is an Italian photographer based in Milan . You can follow him on Facebook and Twitter .	Despite expensive price tags and celebrity architects , Italy 's new churches have their critics Some say the buildings are too materialistic and lack a connection with the past Others have praised the architects for building a new vision of the future
CNN  -- For two weeks in 1976 , Nadia Comaneci was probably the most recognizable person on the planet . Comaneci scored seven perfect 10s in Montreal in 1976 . Just 14-years-old and standing less than five feet tall , the elfin Romanian was the undisputed star of that year 's Games in Montreal after becoming the first gymnast in history to score a perfect 10 . Comaneci finished up with three gold medals and -- just to prove that her initial effort had been no fluke -- seven perfect scores . Her initial performance on the uneven parallel bars was greeted with uproar as the three-digit scoreboard , struggling to cope with what had been considered an unachievable feat , flashed up 1.00 . Comaneci finished with four perfect 10s and the gold medal on the bars , but it was on the balance beam , one of gymnastics ' most dangerous disciplines , that Comaneci truly dazzled . Seemingly fearless , Comaneci pirouetted and back-flipped her way to two more perfect 10s and her second gold . Her final perfect score came in the floor routine as she also collected first place in the overall competition . Comaneci 's transformation into an international celebrity -- she appeared on the front covers of Time , Newsweek and Sports Illustrated in the same week -- had been as unexpected as it was sudden . Yet Comaneci had been working towards the Olympics ever since she had been picked out as a gymnast of rare talents as a six-year-old growing up in the industrial town of Onesti . The reality of life as an Olympic champion at home in Nicolae Ceausescu 's Romania however , was not easy . Constant surveillance Comaneci was honored as a Hero of Socialist Labor on her return home , yet the regime -- terrified that Comaneci would defect after enjoying her taste of western celebrity -- kept its greatest star under constant surveillance . Four years later , a very different Comaneci returned to Olympic competition in Moscow . As an 18-year-old , she was four inches taller , 20 pounds heavier and suffering from sciatica -- a teenage starlet already starting to fade . Still , Comaneci was able to retain her gold medal on the balance beam , and collected another one in the floor exercises . But she was also involved in one of the bitterest incidents of the Games when she was controversially beaten in the all-round competition by the Soviet gymnast Yelena Davydova . It took the judges 28 minutes to decide the result and , ultimately , it was a lower score from the Soviet judge -- perhaps reflecting the worsening relations between the Soviet Union and its formerly loyal satellite -- that denied Comaneci her second straight gold in the event . Comaneci retired in 1984 , traveling to Los Angeles that year as a team coach , yet she found it difficult to adjust to a life out of the spotlight . In 1989 , a few weeks before the collapse of the Ceausescu regime , she defected to the United States , finally settling in Norman , Oklahoma to run a gymnastics school after marrying U.S. gymnastics star Bart Conner in 1996 . In 2000 Comaneci was named as one of the athletes of the century by the Laureus World Sports Academy .	Olympic gymnast record : 5 gold medals , 3 silver medals , 1 bronze medal The first gymnast in history to score a perfect 10 Comaneci was honored as a Hero of Socialist Labor Gymnast born on November 12 , 1961 in Onesti , Romania
The family of a Florida teen who died after being Tasered by police wants answers from authorities in Miami Beach . Miami Beach police said officers spotted aspiring artist Israel Hernandez spray-painting the side of a vacant McDonald 's off Collins Avenue , the city 's main drag . Hernandez led them on a foot chase , ignoring commands to stop , until he was cornered , they said . "  In order to affect his arrest , an officer deployed his conducted electrical weapon  TASER  , " police said in a prepared statement . But afterward , Hernandez "  displayed signs of medical duress " and was taken to a nearby hospital , where he was pronounced dead around 6 a.m. Tuesday . "  We 're in a country that defends human rights -- a country that sets an example and dares to ask countries that use excessive force , " his father , also named Israel Hernandez , told CNN . "  That is my son 's case . Excessive force . " Hernandez and his family moved from Colombia to the United States for a safer life . Now the family is mourning the 18-year-old , whose artwork packs their home . "  He was an amazing artist , a very passionate person , a very passionate artist , " said his sister , Offir Hernandez . "  It 's unfair to end his life for something he loved . " Miami Beach police say they have an "  open and ongoing investigation " into Hernandez 's death . Autopsy and toxicology results for Hernandez are pending , the medical examiner 's office told CNN . Miami Beach said Friday it has asked the Florida Department of Law Enforcement  FDLE  to conduct an independent review of the incident . City officials have been in contact with the Hernandez family "  to personally extend their condolences and provide assurances of a full and fair investigation , " according to a statement . Police identified the officer who used the Taser as Jorge Mercado , who has been placed on paid administrative leave , which is routine any time a person dies in custody . "  We 've never had someone die from a tasing before , " a police spokesman said . "  We 've only had Tasers eight or nine years . Now everyone is issued one when we start working here . " Hernandez tagged buildings under the signature "  Reefa . " Thiago Souza , a friend who had been acting as a lookout , said police looked "  almost like they were proud of what they did " after subduing Hernandez . "  They 're all congratulating each other and all that , " Souza said . "  They were all clapping over his body and like giving high fives and laughing . " Police did not respond to a request from CNN for comment on Souza 's account . "  Electronic control devices " such as the Taser are now common equipment among police , who say the devices give officers an option short of deadly force to subdue a suspect . Taser International Inc. , citing a 2009 study by researchers at the Wake Forest University medical school , says fewer than 1 % of those shocked with a Taser or similar device suffer any injury . A 2006 report by the Florida Department of Law Enforcement concluded that ECDs "  are not likely to cause serious injury or loss of life for suspects or law enforcement officers , except in situations where certain medical conditions and drug use are factors . " But human rights group Amnesty International says 42 people in the United States died after being shocked with Tasers in 2012 , with more than 540 deaths since 2001 . Hernandez is not without critics . Many commenters on Miami news outlets defended the officers , saying Hernandez should have complied with police commands . But Hernandez 's girlfriend , who asked to be identified only as "  Alexandria , " said he was "  the farthest thing from a thug . " "  He ran because he was scared , " she said . "  You know , he 's just a kid . He only weighed 140 pounds . He was just a child in so many ways . He was such a pure and innocent person . " Read more : Police embracing tech that predicts crimes	Israel Hernandez died after police shocked him with a Taser The Miami Beach teenager was spotted spray-painting a vacant building Police say he refused commands to stop and led them on a foot chase "  It 's unfair to end his life for something he loved , " his sister says
CNN  -- Defending champion Li Na continued the defense of her French Open crown on Thursday with a second round win over Stephanie Foretz Gacon . Seventh seed Li , who became China 's first grand slam champion with her Roland Garros triumph last year , recorded a straight-forward 6-0 6-2 victory over the Frenchwoman in just 52 minutes . The 30-year-old will play unseeded American Christina McHale in round three , after the world No. 35 got the better of compatriot Lauren Davis . Li 's fellow grand slam winner Petra Kvitova also registered a comfortable win , beating 90th-ranked Pole Urszula Radwanska 6-1 6-3 . The 2011 Wimbledon champion , ranked No. 4 in the world , set up a meeting with Russian Nina Bratchikova . Former world No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki also looked in good touch as she scored a 6-1 6-4 victory against Australia 's Jarmila Gajdosova . The Dane , who is yet to win a grand slam title , has not clinched a WTA Tour title since August 2011 and has recently struggled with form and fitness . But having switched from being coached by her father Piotr to working with former Australian Open Champion Thomas Johansson , Wozniacki feels positive about her future . "  It 's been working well , " the 21-year-old , who will face 23rd seed Kaia Kanepi in round three , told the tournament 's official website . "  He tells me what he thinks and he 's not soft . "  I do n't like when someone tells me , ` Oh , it 's great , it 's great ' when it 's actually terrible ... I want someone who is strict and tells me things how they are . " Italy 's Francesca Schiavone , a beaten finalist in 2011 , battled back from one set down against Bulgaria 's Tsvetana Pironkova to set up a contest with Uzbekistan-born American Varvara Lepchenko . Lepchenko , ranked 61 in the world , advanced courtesy of a shock 7-6  7-4  4-6 6-4 win against former world No. 1 Jelena Jankovic . German 10th seed Angelique Kerber cruised past Bulgaria 's Olga Govortsova , winning 6-3 6-2 . The 24-year-old will play Italian No. 18 Flavia Pennetta in round three .	Li Na reaches the French Open third round after beating Stephanie Foretz Gacon Former world No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki and Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova also win 2011 runner-up Francesca Schiavone fights back to beat Tsvetana Pironkova No. 10 Angelique Kerber and 18th seed Flavia Pennetta will play each in round three
Ramallah , West Bank  CNN  -- Israel released 26 Palestinian prisoners early Wednesday , part of an agreement that fueled new peace talks . The released prisoners were the second of four groups -- roughly 100 prisoners -- expected to be freed in a deal cobbled together by the United States to jump-start stalled Israeli-Palestinian peace talks . The Palestinian Prison Authority confirmed 21 prisoners were released shortly after midnight in the West Bank and another five were released in Gaza . Families of the prisoners were on hand in the West Bank , where cheers went up as buses carrying the prisoners arrived . But the prison release has angered some Israelis , who protested outside the West Bank prison where the inmates where held before their release . Oded Karamani said he sees the release of his brother 's killer as a betrayal . "  It makes me feel like I got stabbed in my back , and they turned the knife , and turned the knife , " Karamani said . Ronen Karamani , 18 , was abducted in 1990 and stabbed to death near Jerusalem . Two Palestinians were convicted in connection with his murder . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has called the decision to free Palestinian prisoners one of the most difficult of his career . But many Israeli officials , including the defense minister , have said it is part of a long-term security strategy . Israel released more than two dozen Palestinian prisoners in August on the eve of new peace talks . Some of them had been held for more than 20 years . The first prisoner release came after Israel said it would forge ahead with a plan to build 900 housing units in East Jerusalem , which the Palestinians hope will be the capital of their future state . The issue of Israeli settlements derailed the last round of direct talks , in 2010 , and critics of Netanyahu say building on disputed territory could derail the new talks . Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas welcomed the prisoners ' release , describing it as a "  day of joy . " But he warned that there would be no peace agreement with Israel until all Palestinian prisoners had been freed . "  Our true joy will not be complete until we bring everyone out of prison , " he told Palestine TV . Salma Abdelaziz and Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	NEW : Abbas says there can be no peace deal until all prisoners have been freed The Palestinian Prison Authority says a total of 26 prisoners have been released It is the second time in recent months that Israel has freed prisoners The release is part of an agreement that jump-started stalled peace talks
CNN  -- Bradley Wiggins is hot favorite for overall victory , but Mark Cavendish will be keeping the race leader 's Maglia Rosa jersey warm for his fellow countryman after a blistering finish to win the opening stage of the Giro d'Italia Saturday . Cavendish came with a late charge on the seafront in Naples to pip home rider Elia Viviani of the Cannondale team on the line . Frenchman Nacer Bouhanni was third in the 130km opener around the southern Italian city . It was a reminder , if any was needed , of Cavendish 's incredible finishing speed as he claimed his 11th Giro stage victory and his first in a Grand Tour for new team Omega Pharma Quick Step . The 27-year-old had to do it the hard way as lead out man Gert Steegmans had a mechanical problem in the final kilometer and Cavendish was left to make up a small gap before unleashing his late burst . Viviani was left thumping his handlebars in frustration at such a near miss while Cavendish acknowledged it had been a hard fought win . "  That was a difficult , difficult stage for me . The team were incredible in staying in front but we did n't get it right at the end . "  It 's cost us a lot recently but I managed to come round and win . I really wanted that so badly . He will take an eight second time bonus lead over Viviani , with Bouhanni 12 seconds behind , into Sunday 's 17.5 km team time trial on the island of Ischia . Cavendish spent a single season with Wiggins at Team Sky last season , claiming the final stage of the Tour de France as his teammate made history by becoming the first Briton to win the historic race . But with Sky placing the emphasis on riders like Wiggins and Chris Froome in winning the overall classification at races such as the Tour and Giro , he left to join Omega in the close season . Wiggins and his Sky team will be expected to make their move on Sunday 's stage . The reigning Tour de France champion finished safely in the bunch , which split after a late crash , leaving Cavendish and a clutch of other sprint specialists to fight out the finish . Canada 's Ryder Hesjedal of the Garmin-Sharp team is the defending champion at the Giro with Astana 's Vincenzo Nibali carrying the main home hopes .	Mark Cavendish wins Giro d'Italia opening stage in Naples Leaves sprint late to pip Elia Viviani on the line 11th Giro stage victory for the flying Manxman Fellow Briton Bradley Wiggins race favorite in 95th edition of Giro
CNN  -- The refining company Motiva has notified officials that an estimated 300,000 gallons of diesel spilled at its facility in Sewaren , New Jersey , when Superstorm Sandy pushed through , a U.S. Coast Guard spokesman said . Russell Tibbets of the Coast Guard told CNN on Wednesday the incident occurred when one tank ruptured . Most of the diesel was contained by a backup containment unit , he said . Earlier Wednesday , Shell , which owns part of Motiva , said at least two diesel storage tanks were damaged at Motiva 's Sewaren terminal . It said the amount of the spill was unknown , but there were no further incidents . Sewaren is across from Staten Island . ` Jersey Shore ' cast on Sandy devastation "  Previously deployed booms are continuing to skim released product in the Woodbridge Creek adjacent to the site , " Shell said in a statement . The Coast Guard is providing oversight of Motiva 's cleanup , which includes the placement of containment booms , according to Tibbets . Vacuum trucks and about 100 workers will assist in the effort . The Coast Guard , Motiva and state officials will work to verify the spill amount , Tibbets said . Shell said terminals in New Jersey and New York had flooding because of the storm surge , as well as loss of power . Communities start cleanup after Sandy	An estimated 300,000 gallons of diesel spilled in Sewaren , New Jersey Most of it has been contained , Coast Guard official says
CNN  -- The delivery is n't the smoothest , the guns are obviously fake and some of the language has been changed to avoid offending young ears . And the death scene -- well , it 's one of the most comical since Brad Pitt 's big bounce at the beginning of "  Meet Joe Black . " "  Ca n't you stop staying fudge all the time , Tony ? " a tiny and angry Elvira Hancock says to pint-sized Cuban druglord Tony Montana . "  You do coke and you kill people . That 's wonderful , Tony ... I 'm leaving you , mother-fudger ! " Yes , it 's "  Scarface , " but not director Brian DePalma 's remake of the 1932 gangster film . And the diminutive actors are children -- elementary-age children . They 're appearing in one of the hottest current viral videos , "  Scarface : The School Play . " Watch the video But it 's not really a school play , says producer Marc Klasfeld of Rockhard Films . It 's just a video aimed at illustrating the pervasiveness of sex and violence in our media culture -- and how it blankets children on a daily basis . Klasfeld , a commercial and music video director , says his first love is viral videos . "  I love the aesthetics , and it 's a brand new avenue of expression for filmmakers to express themselves freely , " says Klasfeld , whose previous video statements include "  Hammer Pants Dance " for A&E , featuring a group of people invading a clothing store in gold lame "  Hammer pants " -- a la M.C. Hammer , circa 1989 -- and dancing , much to the surprise of shoppers . OK , but Scarface ? With children ? "  It 's the most in comedy and satire and opposite attracts , " he said . "  What is the most opposite film there is to children ? It 's Scarface . " With two young children , Klasfeld said the issue of what is and is n't permissible in media content is a key issue . The Scarface video , he said , might launch a dialog . "  What 's interesting to me and my wife is that the video is shocking , yet everyday , we have to guard what our children view from television commercials or video game violence , " he said . "  So , it 's interesting to me on a lot of levels and it 's creating that debate . " The children in the video are between the ages of 7 and 10 , Klasfeld said . He collaborated with a Los Angeles , California , casting director , with whom he 's worked on several projects , to find talented children for the video . The children 's parents , he said , have not complained about the content , but then again , the casting was in Hollywood , where "  we 're asked to do all sorts of things . " "  Obviously there are people who find it outrageous and provocative , but there are a lot of parents , who are like me and my wife , who see all the violence on television and all the different things that are sold to children and that 's a thousand times worse than this video . "	Video is brainchild of producer Marc Klasfeld of Rockhard Films Klasfeld : Video shows pervasiveness of sex and violence in media culture Children in the video are between the ages of 7 and 10
CNN  -- A Georgia man accused of screaming racial slurs while beating an African-American female Army reservist outside a restaurant was released from jail on bail Wednesday , Clayton County , Georgia , authorities said . They said Troy Dale West Jr. was released on a $ 320,000 bond . Attorney Kip Jones , who represents alleged victim Tashawnea Hill , said a judge Tuesday ordered West placed under house arrest , and he was fitted with an ankle monitor . He also was told to surrender his passport , have no contact with Hill and stay out of Clayton County , where Hill lives , the lawyer said . West , of Poulan , Georgia , faces one count of aggravated assault , two counts of battery , two counts of disorderly conduct , false imprisonment and cruelty to children for allegedly beating Hill outside a Cracker Barrel restaurant September 9 , according to a Clayton County Court online docket . Hill was with her 7-year-old daughter when the alleged incident occurred at the entrance to the restaurant , which is in Morrow , Georgia . West , 47 , was arrested on misdemeanor charges after the incident , but Clayton County District Attorney Tracy Graham Lawson took the case to a grand jury asking for more serious charges . Hill , 35 , said the attack occurred after she warned West to be careful , after almost hitting her daughter with the restaurant door as she was leaving . West , according to a police report , admitted striking Hill "  after she spit on me and accused me of trying to hit her daughter with a door . " Hill denied the accusations , saying she did nothing to provoke the alleged attack . Hill told police that West , who is white , yelled racial epithets at her during the attack . Police said witnesses confirmed her account . Morrow is a racially diverse city in the southeast suburbs of Atlanta , with a population of about 4,900 , according to the 2000 census . CNN 's Carolina Sanchez contributed to this report .	Troy Dale West Jr. released on $ 320,000 bond Lawyer says judge ordered West to be under house arrest Man told to surrender his passport , not contact victim Man charged after alleged racist beating at a Cracker Barrel restaurant
All nations that hold large , aerospace expositions are on some level hoping that they will create the impression they have a modern industrial complex that puts them into the exclusive "  club " of nations that build their own planes -- or at least some of the important components that go into them . Most of the air shows in the international calendar -- Le Bourget in France , Singapore , Dubai , Farnborough -- follow this template and they are commercially successful because they provide a forum for companies to meet with their customers and showcase what their products are capable of . Airshow China , which takes place in the southern Chinese city of Zhuhai this week , aims to showcase the People 's Republic 's emergence as a world-class aerospace and defense power and gives us a rare glimpse of China 's home-grown military hardware . However , it is more like the Russian national air show , MAKS , than other international events in that it is designed to impress the Chinese government , Communist Party and military officials -- specifically the Central Military Commission -- rather than a vehicle to convince plane makers Boeing , Airbus , Embraer or Gulfstream of the opportunities available in the Chinese market . Commercial vs. military Ask an executive working on one of Boeing 's fighter aircraft , military helicopter or missile programs about their importance to the corporate bottom line and he or she will tell you that Boeing is an 80 % or more commercial company . The business of building big commercial aircraft like the 787 Dreamliners and 737s is what keeps Boeing running , providing the economies of scale that allow the company to have a military aircraft division . Without the commercial airliner business there would be no F-15s or F/A -18 s being built at Boeing 's St. Louis , Missouri plant . This is largely the case for almost all of the world 's major military aircraft manufacturers , but it 's definitely not the profile of China 's aerospace industry . Several major aerospace plants -- Chengdu , Shenyang , Xi'an , Hongdu and others -- are almost completely geared towards the production of military aircraft . As yet , the country has no commercial airline programs that rival those of the West . The 168-seat C919 airliner being built by the Shanghai-based Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China  Comac  is supposed to someday be the nucleus of a fleet of Chinese-built passenger aircraft , but its business model is one that Western aerospace firms can only envy . The program is state-funded and launch customers are Chinese state-owned airlines that are likely to have little choice but to purchase or lease the C919 , with first deliveries expected in late 2018 . A number of foreign partners , including engine maker CFM International , provide an additional financial safety net and it 's unlikely to meet the same difficulties as the Boeing 747 , which almost took the company to the brink of bankruptcy when it was first developed . "  It 's a program that by definition can not fail , " said one Western aerospace executive . "  And it has the highest possible priority . It is clear that getting this aircraft off the ground is to the PRC what the U.S. race to the moon was against the Soviet Union in the 1960s . " Stealth fighters The military arena is where China is likely to have the biggest impact . At least two new stealthy , next-generation combat aircraft -- the Chengdu J-20 and the Shenyang J-31 , are under development -- making the managers of western fighter programs like the Lockheed Martin F-35 look nervously at what the next decades of military challenges from China might entail . China 's defense industry also boasts multiple lines of anti-ship , air-to-air and surface-to-air missiles -- the kind that give U.S , Navy carrier battle group commanders and Air Force Pentagon planners pause and make them stop and think about what the viable scenarios are -- if any - for defending Taiwan in the event of the breakout of hostilities . However , most military aircraft firms can only survive financially if they have a fairly robust export market . Several programs are based on the concept of shared costs among multiple nations because of the huge expense involved in developing modern-day defense technologies . So far , China is going it alone -- building fleets of fighters and bombers almost exclusively for the People 's Liberation Army -- with very few foreign clients . Therefore , the biggest questions at this year 's Airshow China may be how long can China afford to be building military aircraft that are "  for China only " and how soon will Beijing realize that growing its export market is the only way it can continue to afford to maintain this massive military machine .	Airshow China takes place in the southern Chinese city of Zhuhai this week . Show provides rare glimpse of China 's home-grown military and commercial aviation hardware . China is developing its own passenger jet and stealth fighters China needs to grow export market if it wants to afford its massive military machine
CNN  -- Miss California Alyssa Campanella bested 51 other contestants Sunday night to win the Miss USA crown in Las Vegas . Campanella wore a green flared dress for the evening gown competition and answered a question from judge and OPI co-founder Suzi Weiss-Fischmann during the interview segment about the legalization of medical marijuana . Campanella , 21 , said she was uncomfortable with the idea , but believed marijuana was medically beneficial . Campanella will represent the United States at the Miss Universe pageant in September . The 60th Annual Miss USA Pageant took place at the Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino . It was hosted by Andy Cohen , host of Bravo 's "  Watch What Happens : Live " and Giuliana Rancic , co-anchor of "  E! News . " They were joined by Kellie Osbourne , daughter of Ozzy Osbourne and co-star of "  The Osbournes , " and Susie Castillo , who was Miss USA in 2003 . The audience was packed with former winners from years past , going back to 1953 . Each had a sash with the year of their win and waved enthusiastically when a camera panned past . New technology allowed fans to rate contestants in real time as the competition unfolded on television . Fan ratings did n't count toward contestants scores , but fans were able to watch preliminary contests online and help vote their favorites into the semifinals . From there , however , the judges took over . In addition to Weiss-Fischmann , the panel included actress Mariel Hemingway , rapper and producer Lil Jon , 2011 NBA champion and Dallas Maverick Tyson Chandler , celebrity chef Rocco DiSpiroto and Penn Jillette of the comedy-magic duo Penn & Teller . Other finalists in the competition included Miss Tennessee , Ashley Elizabeth Durham ; Miss Alabama , Madeline Mitchell ; and Miss Texas , Ana Christina Rodriguez . Campanella succeeds Rima Fakih , the first Arab-American and Muslim to wear the crown . Fakih repeatedly faced questions about her ethnic and religious identity . There was also controversy over pictures of Fakih dancing around a stripper 's pole that emerged shortly after she won her crown , but Fakih has said the photos were taken during a radio station competition and no clothes were removed .	The California contestant beat 51 other women to win the crown Fans were able to participate and help choose semifinalists Campanella succeeds Rima Fakih , the first Miss USA who is Arab-American and Muslim
CNN  -- The San Francisco man arrested after what the FBI says are bomb-making materials were found in his home was charged Tuesday with possession of an illegal destructive device . Ryan Kelly Chamberlain II was unemotional during the 15-minute hearing in U.S. District Court in San Francisco . Judge Nathaniel Cousins ordered a status conference in the case for Wednesday and a detention hearing Thursday . Chamberlain , 42 , was arrested Monday night at Crissy Field , a scenic waterfront area popular with tourists where Golden Gate Bridge spans the Pacific entrance to San Francisco Bay . Authorities had been looking for him after searching his neighborhood Saturday on a tip that he had "  items of great concern " at his home , FBI Special Agent in Charge David Johnson told reporters . According to an affidavit filed Sunday by agents seeking an arrest warrant , bomb technicians found a glass jar with batteries and a powdery , green substance inside ; a model rocket motor ; ball bearings and screws ; an igniter for home-made bombs ; a conductive wire ; and a circuit board that could act as a remote-controlled receiver . The green powder was explosive material , says the affidavit , signed by Special Agent Michael P. Eldridge . The circuit board would have allowed someone to set off the device "  for afar , " the filing says without elaborating on how far away someone could have been and detonated a bomb . There is no mention of ricin being found , contradicting some media reports . The affidavit says Chamberlain fled from agents after Eldridge interviewed him for a short time at a coffee shop near his apartment on Saturday . After Chamberlain asked to leave , he got in his car and raced away , the agent explained , saying the FBI decided not to pursue out of concern for the safety for people who lived nearby . The block was closed for some 15 hours over the weekend as investigators searched and cleared the area , CNN affiliate KTVU reported . If convicted of the illegal destructive device possession charge , Chamberlain faces up to 10 years in prison and a $ 10,000 fine . Johnson declined to say what , if anything , Chamberlain had planned to do or what motivated him . San Francisco Police Chief Greg Suhr said without elaborating that it was clear Chamberlain was "  absolutely growing more desperate . " "  This subject , Mr. Chamberlain , was a very dangerous and desperate person , " Suhr said . According to CNN affiliate KPIX , Chamberlain had posted an apparent suicide note to friends on Facebook titled "  Goodbye . " The letter describes a history of depression , despair over a broken relationship and career problems . "  In the span of a few months , everything that mattered to me betrayed me , " the writer said . FBI spokesman Peter Lee said investigators were trying to verify the origin of the post . Howard Epstein , a former chairman of the San Francisco Republican Party , told KTVU that Chamberlain worked with the local GOP before switching to work on the Democratic side . "  The only one I know that he worked with after he left the party was Gavin Newsom , " Epstein told KTVU . "  He was an organizer when Gavin ran for mayor . " Newsom , a Democrat , is now California 's lieutenant governor . In the letter , the writer says he 's had some positive moments in the past few months . "  But so much was broken from this past year-and-a-half , and from moments way back before that , I guess it was insurmountable , and the time 's up , " the writer says . "  Thank you . I 'm sorry . I love you . " Police : Minnesota teen planned school massacre Russian man faces weapon of mass destruction charges CNN 's Holly Yan , Dan Simon , Artemis Moshtagian and Dana Ford contributed to this report .	NEW : FBI affidavit lists materials found his apartment that could be used to make a bomb Ryan Kelly Chamberlain II , 42 , was charged with possession of an illegal destructive device Affiliates : Chamberlain posted an apparent suicide note to friends on Facebook The FBI is investigating the origin of the letter and is not calling it a suicide note
New York  CNN  -- A crane 's load at a Manhattan skyscraper is back on the ground after a mechanical failure left it suspended more than 400 feet above West 57th Street . The hoisting equipment for a tower crane at the site of One57 -- a future residential building -- malfunctioned Monday morning , according to Kelly Magee , a spokeswoman for New York City 's Department of Buildings . A 7-ton counterweight was being lifted when a mechanical failure occurred at the top of the crane , leaving the counterweight stuck 429 feet in the air , according to a spokesman at the Office of Emergency Management . In January : New York crane collapses , injures 7 The crane failed to get the load it was carrying to the top of the high rise , and as a result , crane operators had to manually bring it back down , according to New York Police Det. Marc Nell . The National Weather Service has issued a tornado watch for the mid-Atlantic region , which includes New York City , until 5 p.m. ET Monday , creating more concern about lowering the hanging counterweight before the storms arrived . Fifty-seventh Street between Sixth and Seventh avenues was reopened shortly after the counterweight reached the ground . One57 is the same site of a separate crane incident during Superstorm Sandy last October , when a crane boom was left hanging . The crane that malfunctioned Monday is not the same one that was affected in the storm , according to a spokesman at the Office of Emergency Management . In 2012 : Dangling crane secured to NYC building	A crane malfunction left a load dangling more than 400 feet in the air in Manhattan Crane operators were able to lower the counterweight before an expected storm arrived Mishap site is the same building where a crane was hanging in Superstorm Sandy
CNN  -- Nineteen races and 19 wins . After yet another demonstration of her superiority over five furlongs  1,000 meters  , there are few superlatives left to describe the extraordinary record of five-year-old Australian mare Black Caviar . Unusually for the world 's top-rated sprinter , she was made to work for her victory , with long-time rival Hay List sticking firmly to her flank at the furlong marker . But after a flick of the whip from jockey Luke Nolen , Black Caviar found another gear and pulled away from the field to win the Lightning Stakes at Flemington by one-and-three quarter lengths in front of an ecstatic crowd of 22,800 . Royal approval : Will unbeatable Black Caviar grace Ascot ? "  He had me a bit worried for a couple of strides -- I was a little concerned , " said Nolen of Hay List . Saturday 's win was Black Caviar 's ninth Group One success and the second time the Peter Moody-trained bay has captured Australia 's premier sprint race , which is also the first leg in the Global Sprint Challenge . It also came after she made her debut over seven furlongs  1,400 meters  in the Orr Stakes at Caulfield the previous weekend . Black Caviar 's incredible run puts her equal with Desert Gold  1915 - 1917  and Gloaming  1919 - 1921  for consecutive victories on top-class Australian tracks  other horses have won more consecutive races on low-grade country tracks  , although she is the only horse to win 19 without defeat . She is currently ranked joint-second on the all-time undefeated list ; although the run of 54 wins without reply put together by 19th century Hungarian horse Kincsem may yet prove unassailable , even for Black Caviar . But Australia 's favorite racehorse may have run her last race on home soil , for the time being at least , with her trainer conceding that Dubai may well be her next stop en route to the Diamond Jubilee Stakes at Royal Ascot in June -- the target for her connections . "  I 'll sit down with the owners , but if she goes to Dubai she has probably run her last race in Australia this prep , " said Moody . If , as is widely expected , the lure of Dubai 's $ 2 million Golden Shaheen proves too great a temptation to resist  there is a $ 600,000 bonus offered as part of the Global Sprint Challenge , rising to $ 1 million if she can win on three continents  , it will mean Black Caviar 's 20th race could be her toughest yet , pitting her against Sheikh Mohammed 's super colt Sepoy . It throws up an additional challenge as the race is run over six furlongs  1,200 meters  on a synthetic all-weather track , rather than Black Caviar 's preferred turf . A decision on Dubai is expected to be made in the coming weeks , with Moody having already revealed that Black Caviar has had all her vaccinations for both the Middle East and England . "  There is 10 weeks in between the two races , so that presents a few problems , but I am familiar with the logistics of it all and it 's an option we are thinking about . She 'd already had all her vaccinations for the trip to England , so that would n't be a concern if she was to go to Dubai . " Number 20 proved a race too far for Black Caviar 's spiritual predecessor Zenyatta , the American race mare who was the last horse to put together an undefeated streak of 19 races . There will be many racing fans both back in Australia and around the world who will be hoping Black Caviar can go one better .	Five-year-old mare Black Caviar extends her winning run to 19 races The Peter Moody-trained horse won the Lightning Stakes in her native Australia She is currently ranked joint-second on the all-time undefeated list Black Caviar could now be bound for Dubai and , eventually , Royal Ascot
CNN  -- Iceland -- the land of otherworldly vistas , air travel-disrupting volcanoes and polite , stylish Vikings -- already feels remote . In Westfjords , a lonely peninsula that juts out like a thumb into the Denmark Strait toward Greenland , it seems even more so . Here the weather can change in a heartbeat -- sunny afternoons quickly swallowed by icy winds and low clouds filled with fat snowflakes . It 's six hours by road from Reykjavik , the Icelandic capital , but be warned : Driving the twisting routes of Westfjord 's wind - and snow-whipped mountain passes can be hair-raising . For those who make the journey  a four-wheel-drive vehicle is recommended , as is a sense of adventure  the region 's natural features , eating options and activities are worth the white-knuckle ride . Patreksfjordur Patreksfjordur may not be much to look at , but it 's only 45 minutes from a ferry terminus  Smidjustigur 3 , Stykkisholmur ; +354 433 2254  that offers a shortcut to get here . The village offers lodging and eating options that include the new Fosshotel Westfjords  Adalstraeti 100 ; +354 456 2004  . This puts you close to some of the natural wonders of the region , such as the bird cliffs at Latrabjarg and the beautiful beach at Raudasandur . There are just a few restaurants in this small fishing town . The best is the Fosshotel 's Fjall og Fjara restaurant -- it offers entrees such as foal steak , crispy-skin salmon , and seafood pasta . Isafjordur The diminutive , charming town of Isafjordur  population 2,600  is located on the Skutulsfjordur fjord and is a well equipped hub for visitors exploring the region . Its residents are proud of their remote , rugged location . "  A common joke ... is that since there 's mountains on all sides , you only need a lid over it , " says Haukur Magnusson , an Isafjordur native who edits Reykjavik Grapevine , an English-language magazine . "  It feels like ... the mountains are protective of you . It feels like a haven from the outside world , especially to someone who grew up here . " Tjoruhusid One of the best seafood restaurants in the Westfjords , and really all of Iceland , Tjoruhusid  Nedstakaupstad 400 ; +354 456 4419  , occupies a beautiful old building at the Isafjordur harbor 's edge . Here , Magnus Hauksson and his wife , Ragnheidur Halldorsdottir , serve the catch of the day and fresh vegetables in homey yet refined dishes along with a small selection of beer and wine . There 's no menu -- Hauksson cooks whatever is fresh , such as Atlantic catfish in a mustard cream sauce . The atmosphere is warm and comfortable , and the food simple and remarkably delicious . Bolungarvik Just north of Isafjordur , via a long tunnel that bores through a mountainside , lies the village of Bolungarvik . This small community feels like it 's at the edge of the world , with stunning and dramatic views of snow-covered plateaus and mountains . A short drive from the town center leads up Bolafjall , a mountain that locals claim offers clear day views across the strait to Greenland .  Do n't get too excited -- few days are clear . It 's also a prime place to see the northern lights during late autumn and winter . Museum of Icelandic Sorcery and Witchcraft Siggi Atlason , curator of the Museum of Icelandic Sorcery & Witchcraft  Hofdagata 8-10 ; +354 897 6525  in the small town of Holmavik , looks the part with his gnome-like hat , wool sweater and pointy beard . Holmavik is located about 220 kilometers  135 miles  southeast of Isafjordur in the Strandir  or "  the coast "  region of the Westfjords . The museum details Iceland 's macabre and bizarre historical belief in the supernatural , with items such as "  necropants , " trousers reputedly made from human skin that were said to grant the wearer financial success . Fortunately , many of the grizzly oddities in the museum are n't real . "  The necropants are a replica , " says Atlason . "  It is one of the fascinating folklore stories you find in Icelandic culture , but the story is good . " Hellulaug Hot Spring This beautiful geothermal hot spring is located near Flokalundur , not far from where the ferry to the Westfjords docks along the south coast . Flokalundur ca n't really be called a town , but there 's somewhere to stay : The Hotel Flokalundur  Vatnsfirdi ; +354 456 2011  . The hot spring is n't hard to find . There 's a parking area with a path down to the spring , which is situated against a cliff looking out at the ocean . At about 38 degrees C  100 F  , it 's warm enough to soak in on a winter day , but easier to deal with than some Icelandic hot springs that simmer above 40 C. Latrabjarg These lofty cliffs , Iceland 's westernmost point , are about a 90-minute drive from Patreksfjordur . Huge numbers of birds roost here , including puffins , northern gannets , guillemots and razorbills . At 440 meters , these are the highest bird cliffs in Europe and are a paradise for bird watchers and nature enthusiasts . The nearby Hotel Latrabjarg  Fagrihvammur , Orlygshofn ; +354 456 1500  is open in summer months . Raudasandur Raudasandur is exactly what it sounds like -- a red sand beach . It stretches for 10 kilometers along the southern shore of the Westfjords . There are almost no facilities here , but it 's a great place to walk and enjoy the region 's natural beauty and isolation . In summer months , the water warms up to a brisk 16 or 17 C , so it 's possible to swim . There are no hotels or guesthouses in the immediate vicinity , but visitors can stay in nearby Patreksfjordur to the north or the Hotel Flokalundur to the east . Sudureyri Outdoor Geothermal Pool It seems like almost every Icelandic town has its own naturally heated geothermal pool , and the one in the village of Sudureyri is a local favorite  Sudureyrartuni ; +354 450 8490  . The mountainous backdrop ca n't be beat -- bathers enjoy coffee and ice cream as they soak in one of two hot tubs or after doing laps in the main pool . Jonah Flicker is a freelance writer based in Brooklyn , NY . His work has appeared in publications including the Los Angeles Times , LA Weekly , Paste Magazine , the Village Voice and Reykjavik Grapevine .	The peninsula of Westjords is Iceland 's most remote region , six hours ' drive from Reykjavik Tjoruhusid is one of Iceland 's best seafood restaurants The Museum of Icelandic Sorcery and Witchcraft explores the region 's ancient obsessions with folklore
CNN  -- When the MotoGP season began , not many would have picked Marc Marquez to win the individual title . He was a rookie making the transition from Moto2 and replacing one of the sport 's greats , Casey Stoner , at Honda . He also had to contend with reigning world champion Jorge Lorenzo and perennial contender Dani Pedrosa . According to British oddsmaker William Hill , Marquez was merely the joint third favorite at 7/2 , behind Lorenzo and Pedrosa and tied with motorcycling legend Valentino Rossi . But Marquez 's brash style -- along with shoulder injuries to Lorenzo and Pedrosa -- saw the Spaniard move into contention and it appears nothing can stop the 20-year-old from becoming the first rookie to claim the MotoGP crown in 35 years . His odds of winning the title now stand at a miniscule 1/9 . "  There are no excuses , " Lorenzo said . "  Marc was faster than us and he was better . I can only congratulate him and look forward to the next race . " Lorenzo was speaking to reporters Sunday , after Marquez captured Spain 's Aragon Grand Prix -- but they were words he could have uttered for much of the campaign . Marquez chased down Yamaha 's Lorenzo -- it was n't the first time this season that happened -- before easing to the finish line . It ended Lorenzo 's two-race winning streak and boosted Marquez 's overall advantage to a substantial 39 points with only four races remaining . "  I did n't expect this before the start of the season , " Marquez was quoted as saying by Australian news agency AAP this month . "  My goal was just to take some podiums and try to fight for some victories in the end of the season . "  At the moment I want to go race by race but for sure we have some possibility  to win the crown  . "  We do n't have any pressure because we have already done better than what we expected . " Pedrosa probably was n't all that impressed with Marquez , his teammate , on Sunday . They touched on lap 6 as Marquez seemed to out-brake himself and Pedrosa crashed seconds later , hurting his hip and groin . "  Marc went in too wide on the corner entry , clipped me from the outside and I went flying when I got on the gas , " Pedrosa told the team website . "  My mechanics told me later that the traction-control cable had been cut by the contact . " Marquez apologized . "  The team told me I caused his traction-control cable to snap and I 'm sorry for that , " Marquez told the team website . "  It 's something very unusual to see . " But seeing Marquez atop the standings has become commonplace .	With four races remaining , Marc Marquez leads the MotoGP standings by 39 points Marquez won the Aragon Grand Prix on Sunday after catching Jorge Lorenzo Marquez and teammate Dani Pedrosa made contact and Pedrosa later crashed The next three races are in Malaysia , Australia and Japan before the Valencia finale
Yaounde , Cameroon  CNN  -- A French family kidnapped in northern Cameroon earlier this year has been released , the Cameroonian government said Friday . The seven members of the family were handed over to government officials late Thursday and are unharmed , said Cameroon 's Communications Minister Issa Tchiroma Bakari . The family of four children , their parents and an uncle were kidnapped in February in Waza National Park , a thickly forested area of northern Cameroon popular among tourists and situated near the border with Nigeria . READ MORE : France says it will not negotiate with rebels who kidnapped family READ MORE : Focus on Islamist militants as French family seized in Cameroon	A French family kidnapped in northern Cameroon earlier this year has been released Four children , their parents and an uncle were kidnapped in February in Waza National Park The seven members of the family were handed over to government officials unharmed
San Francisco , California  CNN  -- Repair work on the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge will continue nonstop into the weekend and the bridge may reopen Monday , but officials were making no promises Friday . "  Commuters are going to need to check back with us over the weekend , " said Bart Ney , a spokesman for the California Department of Transportation . "  We 're going to do everything we can to get the bridge open for the Monday morning commute , but safety is the priority for us right now . " Repair work has not stopped since it began Tuesday night when two steel rods and a steel crossbeam plummeted from the bridge , landing on the roadway and forcing the span 's closure . The same section had been the site of repairs over Labor Day weekend , when crews fixed a crack . On Friday , workers were grinding the areas where there was the potential for steel-on-steel connection , Ney said . "  We want them to be very smooth . " The rods ' alignment has not been completed to the point where workers could begin stressing them , he said . Once that work is complete , a third-party group will look at how the system handles vibrations , he said , adding , "  There is still a lot of work to be done . " Transportation officials had said Thursday night that repairs of the bridge , which carried about 280,000 vehicles per day , would be complete by late Friday morning , but Ney said contractors were still working on custom-fitting steel for the structure . Crews worked Friday to replace four steel rods . One of those had failed and caused the problems , Dale Bonner , California 's secretary of business , transportation and housing told reporters Thursday . Engineers also will make sure the rods are centered and will strengthen the welds to ensure stability , Bonner said . Vibrations in the rods , affected by strong winds , caused the break , officials said . In the wake of the bridge 's closing , commuters flocked to the Bay Area 's rail system . On Thursday , Bay Area Rapid Transit  BART  said , the system carried the most passengers ever , breaking a record set the day before . About 442,000 people took BART , 24 percent more than on an average Thursday , the agency said in a news release .	NEW : "  We 're going to do everything we can to get the bridge open " Monday Pieces of steel from bridge fell onto roadway on Tuesday , forcing closure 73-year-old bridge spans San Francisco Bay , carries about 280,000 vehicles daily BART has been swamped with riders since Bay Bridge closed
CNN  -- A voluntary recall has been issued for more than 40 over-the-counter drugs for children , including Tylenol and Motrin , because they do n't meet quality standards . "  This recall is not being undertaken on the basis of adverse medical events , " McNeil Consumer Healthcare said in a statement Friday . "  However , as a precautionary measure , parents and caregivers should not administer these products to their children . " FDA commissioner Margaret Hamburg gave a similar recommendation in a statement Saturday , saying , "  we want to be certain that consumers discontinue using these products , " though she called the chance for serious health problems "  remote . " "  Some products in the recall may have a higher concentration of active ingredient than specified while others may have inactive ingredients that do n't meet testing requirements , the company said . The company said it issued the recall after consulting with the Food and Drug Administration . The affected brands include : Tylenol Infants ' Drops , Children 's Tylenol Suspensions , Children 's Tylenol Plus Suspensions , Motrin Infant Drops , Children 's Motrin Suspensions , Children 's Zyrtec Liquids in Bottles and Children 's Benadryl Allergy Liquids in Bottles . The drugs were made in the United States and distributed to Canada , the Dominican Republic , Dubai , Fiji , Guam , Guatemala , Jamaica , Puerto Rico , Panama , Trinidad & Tobago and Kuwait . "  There are a number of other products on the market , including generic versions of the recalled products , which are intended for use in infants and children and are not affected by the recall , " the FDA said Saturday in issuing guidance to parents . More details are available by calling 1-888-222-6036 or visiting McNeil 's website .	Children 's Motrin , Tylenol among drugs being recalled for failing to meet quality standards Recall not based on adverse health effects , company says Drugs were made in United States , distributed to other countries
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The FBI is offering a $ 25,000 reward in the case of a Washington , D.C. , man who was last seen with a missing 8-year-old girl and is now wanted in connection with his wife 's killing . The FBI released new photos and video surveillance of Kahlil Malik Tatum , 51 , and Relisha Tenau Rudd , who disappeared from a homeless shelter where she lived . Washington 's Metropolitan Police Department issued an Amber Alert for the girl last week . After the girl 's disappearance , police discovered the body of Tatum 's wife , Andrea Denise Tatum , 51 , at a suburban Maryland motel . Police in Prince George 's County have issued a warrant for his arrest in his wife 's slaying .	8-year-old Relisha Tenau Rudd disappeared last week from a homeless shelter She was last seen with a man whose wife was later found dead at a Maryland motel An arrest warrant was issued for Kahlil Malik Tatum Authorities also have issued an Amber Alert for Rudd
