CNN  -- Virginia prosecutors said Monday they will not pursue murder charges against three people in connection with the death of Kevin Quick , an auxiliary police officer . Leslie Hope Casterlow , 49 ; Anthony Darnell Stokes Jr. , 31 ; and Halisi Uhuru still face felony gang participation charges , Goochland County Commonwealth 's Attorney Claiborne Stokes ' office said . Authorities did n't say why the murder prosecution wo n't be pursued . Quick , 45 , was an auxiliary police captain and resident of Waynesboro , a small town west of Charlottesville . Auxiliary officers are n't paid but hold ranks , have badges and carry firearms like full-time officers . He was last seen the night of January 31 after he left the house he shared with his mother . His remains were found last Thursday . Authorities have not revealed the cause of death or explained any connection between Quick and the suspects . Two other suspects arrested last Tuesday , siblings Daniel Mathis and Mersadies Shelton , are held each on charges of felony grand theft for allegedly stealing Quick 's vehicle , a 1999 Toyota 4Runner . They are not being charged in connection with Quick 's death . Another man , Anthony Lee White , 22 , was arrested after the others were already in custody , and White also will face gang participation charges , Stokes ' office said .	Gang participation charges will be pursued against suspects Kevin Quick was an auxiliary police officer in Waynesboro He was last seen January 31 , his remains found February 6
CNN  The Africa Cup of Nations kicked off in style Saturday despite a build up hampered by Ebola fears and an enforced relocation . It was almost a million dollar start for new hosts Equatorial Guinea -- almost but not quite . The squad had shared a seven-figure bonus after winning their first game of the tournament three years ago , but Congo Brazzaville put paid to any hopes of a windfall this time around . A late equalizer from Thievy Bifouma canceled out captain Emilio Nsue Lopez 's opening goal for the hosts . Bifouma , who plays his club football in Spain with UD Almeria , put the ball through goalkeeper Felipe Ovono 's legs in the 87th minute to earn Congo a share of the points . The Group A match was played in front of a sell-out crowd of 35,000 fans , which included Equatorial Guinea president Teodoro Obiang Nguema Mbasogo . In the group 's later game , Burkina Faso were defeated 2-0 by Gabon . The exciting curtain raiser was just the tonic for the 30th edition of the Africa Cup of Nations  AFCON  , which is being staged against a backdrop of off-field controversy . In November , Morocco pulled out as hosts citing fears about the spread of the Ebola epidemic . Many footballers , who are representing their countries at AFCON , are determined to put on a united show of solidarity in the fight against the deadly illness . The Confederation of African Football banned Morocco from the entering the prestigious event and turned to Equatorial Guinea . The tiny , oil rich nation in Central Africa co-hosted AFCON in 2012 with Gabon , which meant it had the facilities in place to handle its short notice call up . But choosing Equatorial Guinea as host for one of the world 's most important football tournaments was not without its problems . "  For CAF to give the tournament to Equatorial Guinea was a controversial decision , " former professional footballer Lutz Pfannenstiel told CNN . "  Western officials cite Equatorial Guinea as an example of a resource rich country that is plagued by kleptocracy problems . " Equatorial Guinea , a country of just 780,000 inhabitants , is known for its extremes of wealth and poverty . It may be the third largest oil producer in sub-Saharan Africa and have a GDP to rival many a western nation but more than three-quarters of Equatoguineans live in poverty , says the World Bank . Human rights groups also describe the nation as "  one of the world 's most repressive societies . " For the 16 teams competing for the AFCON crown , it is hoped the old adage "  football is the real winner " will once again ring true at the end of the three week competition .	The 30th edition of the Africa Cup of Nations kicks off Hosts Equatorial Guinea are held to a draw by Congo Brazzaville The tournament is being played against a backdrop of controversy
CNN  -- As a group of tourists was passing through the villages of Lesna and Zabrody in the north east of Poland last month , they caught glimpse of something that immediately sent them reaching for their cameras . Strolling through the meadows near the densely forested Bialowieza National Park were three magnificent European bison , standing up to two meters high and weighing up to 1,000 kilograms each . It was a doubly gratifying sight for Rafal Kowalczyk , a conservationist and the Director of the Mammal Research Institute at the Polish Academy of Sciences , who enjoyed seeing the tourists as much as the bison . Europe 's largest land mammal had been declared extinct in the wild at the end of the 1920s , but after spirited and careful re-introduction efforts throughout the past 60 years , descendants of a small captive herd have gradually reassumed their position among Poland 's vibrant indigenous fauna . The tourists , meanwhile , were training only their lenses on the animals and not the viewfinders of a shotgun , proving to Kowalczyk that the creatures could bring visitors to Poland for reasons other than to hunt them . "  It really increases the touristic attraction of the area , " said Kowalczyk , who co-ordinated one of several bison conservation programs between 2006 and 2010 . "  This is a unique animal , a kind of relic of the past because most of these large herbivores have become extinct . There are fewer European bison than the black rhino in Africa , for example . " Back from the brink European bison , also known as "  wisent " , roamed freely across the continent until the early 20th century , when a combination of factors including a shrinking habitat and poaching left only 54 individuals in captivity , according to a recent report commissioned by the Rewilding Europe initiative . But since 1959 small populations have been introduced in Belarus , Russia , Ukraine , Lithuania , Romania and Slovakia , but most successfully in Poland where there are now 1,299 closely monitored , free-roaming individuals in small herds . The European bison spent several years classified as "  endangered " on the Red List of Threatened Species published by the International Union of the Conservation of Nature . But recent population trends have increased annually by around 15 % , earning the bison an upgrade to "  vulnerable " . The animal is far from out of the woods yet , but there is reason for cautious optimism . Conservationists regard bison as a so-called "  umbrella species " , whose well-being also tends to ensure a positive habitat for many other treasured creatures including moose , wolf and lynx , plus various bird and insect species . READ MORE : Poland 's little-known heritage sites In attempts to broaden the genetic diversity among bison -- all of Poland 's bison descend from those 54 captive animals that survived "  extinction " -- scientists have created migration channels to facilitate the interbreeding of herds . Locals residents have also been educated about the animals habits and the perceived damage caused by the bison to young trees , or when they stray into agricultural land . The principal concerns now are centered on controlling the bison population , ensuring herds do not become too large for the areas of land they occupy . Natural mortality among bison is low and the space they demand vast ; five bison per 1,000 hectares of land is deemed the optimal density . Some culling of old , sick or unusually aggressive creatures has therefore become necessary , but the process is controversial , particularly since the Polish Ministry of the Environment has recently allowed commercial hunters to take part . Hunting as a conservation measure ? Bison is not a game animal in Poland , meaning specific permission must be sought in order to kill one . But a small number of permits are now being issued annually to commercial agencies , providing the chance for hunters from anywhere in the world to add this rare beast to their trophy collections at a cost of up to $ 30,000 per animal . "  Rather than have him  a bison selected to be culled  killed in a fight or smashed through a fence and injured , they simply allow him to be hunted , " said Bob Kern , President and Founder of the Hunting Consortium , who arranges overseas trips for hunters from the company headquarters in Virginia . "  That brings money into the reserve and into the conservation system and it prevents wanton waste . " Kern added : "  About 70 % of money that goes into wildlife conservation nowadays comes from the sustainable use community . That means hunters and fishermen . " Dr Wanda Olech-Piasecka , of the Warsaw University of Life Sciences , is a member of a commission -- alongside veterinarians , ecologists and scientists -- that discusses the number of hunting permits to issue each year and decides on the individual bison to be removed . She said that the process is strictly regulated , with a hunter being escorted by a forest ranger , pointed to the one animal he is allowed to shoot and only permitted to fire when it is alone . "  Everything is organized , " said Olech-Piasecka . "  This kind of hunting involves 20 , maybe 25 animals per year in Poland . " But Kowalczyk does not believe that the animals are plentiful enough in Poland for even this carefully regulated hunting to take place . "  This culling or hunting is occurring in some populations that number below 100 individuals , " he said . He suggests that the bison might be better suited to life on the plains and out of the forests , which would not place an artificial limit on population numbers . "  There is huge potential for bison increase in many areas and I 'm quite sure that culling or hunting is not a good way to mitigate conflicts . "	European bison have been successfully reintroduced to Poland Animal was declared extinct in the country in the 1920s Around 1,200 animals are closely monitored by conservation groups Controlling population is now an issue with hunting a controversial proposal
CNN  -- American sci-fi fans are missing something . After roughly 20 years on television , the "  Stargate " franchise is defunct . The "  Battlestar Galactica " franchise is still waiting to launch its latest iteration , "  Blood and Chrome , " and the resurrected "  V " franchise , which ran on ABC , ended after two seasons . Where are all the aliens on television ? This weekend , at least some aliens will be on TNT , as "  Falling Skies " premieres Sunday at 9 p.m. ET . Robert Rodat and Steven Spielberg have been working on the show  an apocalyptic science fiction show about an alien invasion that decimates Earth 's societies  for three years , and fans have been waiting . TNT , like CNN , is owned by parent company Time Warner . The "  Falling Skies ' " preview at last year 's San Diego Comic Con sparked excitement from a packed room of fans , but series star Noah Wyle knows the stakes are high . "  I was amazed at the turnout we got , " Wyle said . "  And just how closely that particular audience pays attention to detail . How wounded they feel  after  being jilted in the past  by other science fiction shows  and so they have an apprehension about embracing a new project . "  But once that audience is won over , I do n't think there 's a more loyal following anywhere . They seem to be the most vociferous letter writers in the country to support shows they enjoy , and hopefully we 'll be one of them , " he said . Sci-fi fans say they have been burned by TV in the past and are cautious with their excitement for shows like "  Falling Skies " and FOX 's upcoming "  Terra Nova . " Fledgling shows with ardent fan support have not been lucky in prime time in the last year . "  It seems like if a show does n't come out of the gate blazing white hot and maintain that ` Wow ' factor , they 're gone in two episodes , " sci-fi fan Shawn Hill said . Hill , who works in the IT security industry , spent 13 hours getting a stargate tattooed around his elbow . "  I feel like American networks do n't get it , " said Joy Scarborough , an insurance agent in Athens , Georgia , and an avid science fiction fan . Citing NBC 's recent pass on "  Seventeenth Precinct , " a supernatural show created by "  Battlestar Galactica " alum Ron Moore , which would have ostensibly been a cross between "  Harry Potter " and "  Law and Order , " Scarborough said , "  The networks are not catering to the people who want to see something intelligently written . I think they 're absolutely missing out and BBC and Syfy get it . " In order to fill the programming void , plenty of fans who tuned in to long-established franchises are turning to "  Doctor Who " on BBC America and "  Eureka , " "  Haven , " "  Sanctuary " and "  Warehouse 13 " on the Syfy channel . "  Falling Skies " executive producer Darryl Frank knows what sci-fi fans have been missing and said it was a specific design of the show to get writers who could offer compelling stories . "  We literally had writers from ` Battlestar Galactica , ' ` Lost , ' ` Heroes ' and for the second season , a writer from ` Stargate , ' " Frank said . "  We specifically went out there to pursue people who could tell those types of stories . But then we also wanted to make sure the people that were tuning in weekly who did n't know about the mythology because maybe they missed a week or two could still get on for the ride , " he said . Mark Verheiden , a co-executive producer and writer for "  Falling Skies " is one of those people . He 's worked on "  Battlestar Galactica , " "  Smallville " and "  Heroes . " "  One of the big differences I think with ` Falling Skies ' from many other invasion shows is that we 're actually starting six months after the main ` shock and awe ' invasion has happened . So our survivors have had six months for the shock to fade and now they 're faced with a series of choices . They 're essentially under occupation from this alien force , which is very strange , " Verheiden said . The aliens are mysterious , he said , because they are n't talking or negotiating with the captive Earth population . "  These are n't the Cylons , who look like us and we can talk to and try to talk our way out of it or negotiate or something . These creatures are very complicated and strange . " Wyle admits the aliens seen in "  Falling Skies " are "  really freaky . " "  We did n't have the benefit of knowing what they were going to look like when we shot the pilot , " he said . Instead , the actors reacted to an image of one of the giant spiders from the movie "  Eight Legged Freaks " that was blown up on a piece of cardboard and carried around by a prop guy . Freaky aliens and end-of-the-world scenarios are often catnip to the sci-fi fan community , something executive producer Justin Falvey knows all too well . "  Something Steven  Spielberg  spoke about from the beginning is , it should feel incredibly authentic and incredibly grounded in real human emotions . People should be able to posit the question , ` What would you do if you were in this scenario ? ' " he said . Apocalyptic science fiction uses out-of-this-world circumstances to describe human struggle , Falvey said The most interesting area for "  Falling Skies " creators to explore was the human character , he said . "  Everything in terms of how we judge people in society -- socioeconomically , education-wise , all those things -- they go away immediately given what 's happened here , " he said . It 's one reason why science fiction fans love the genre so much . Stories that envision the future can focus on how society evolves and what fantastic technology could exist , like Gene Roddenberry 's vision in "  Star Trek , " but they can also show a more directly relatable side of future humanity . "  Everyone pulls together for the good of all mankind " in apocalyptic science fiction , said Scarborough . "  There 's a lot more pulling together in science fiction than really any other genre . " "  And you do n't see that every day . With a tragedy you do , you see people pull together for a little while and it gives you hope that people do have that in them , " she said .	Apocalyptic science fiction focuses on aliens and the human condition Fans wonder why science fiction shows seem to be first on the network chopping blocks "  Falling Skies " premiers Sunday at 9:00 PM EST
London  CNN  -- Queen Elizabeth II is marking her 86th birthday Saturday privately at Windsor Castle , a palace spokesman said . The Queen also has an official birthday in June , which will be celebrated publicly as part of events to mark the Diamond Jubilee . The Royal Gibraltar Regiment fired a 62-gun salute for her real birthday at the Tower of London , Retired Lt. Col. Stuart Green said . Hundreds of guests gathered for the salute , which included 21 guns for the Queen 's birthday , 21 because it 's a royal palace and 20 guns to show the City of London 's loyalty to the monarch , Green said . The regiment , usually based in Gibraltar , is currently in London for ceremonial duties including guarding Buckingham Palace and the Tower of London , he said . A 41-gun salute in Hyde Park and a 21-gun salute in Windsor Great Park were also held to honor the Queen . The salute in Hyde Park was performed by the King 's Troop Royal Horse Artillery , using teams of galloping horses to pull six World War I-era guns into position . The 41 rounds were then fired at 10-second intervals , the Ministry of Defence said . On her official birthday each June , the Queen and other members of the royal family attend the Trooping the Colour military parade in central London . CNN 's Bharati Naik and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : Teams of horses pull guns into position in Hyde Park for a 41-gun salute A 62-gun salute is fired at the Tower of London for the Queen 's 86th birthday The Queen has an official birthday in June when she takes part in public events She celebrates her Diamond Jubilee -- marking 60 years on the throne -- this year
CNN  -- Trailing what would become a fatal flight by some 27 minutes , the same kind of aircraft operated by the same airline traveled the same route last week and landed safely , the NTSB said Monday . Only a few pieces of the Continental Connection Dash 8 turboprop were recognizable after the crash . The pilot of the second Continental Connection flight from Newark , New Jersey , to Buffalo , New York , reported "  moderate icing " during the trip and "  made it to destination in Buffalo , " said Steve Chealander of the National Transportation Safety Board . The second plane was a Bombardier Dash 8 Q400 , like the plane that crashed Thursday night near the Buffalo airport , killing 49 people on board and one person on the ground . Also like the fatal flight , the aircraft was operated on the Continental Connection route by Colgan Air , Chealander said . Possible icing -- and how the aircraft and the flight crew performed if icing was an issue -- has become a focus in the aftermath of the crash of Flight 3407 . The pilot and first officer of the flight discussed "  significant " ice buildup on the aircraft 's windshield and wings before the crash , the NTSB said after listening to the cockpit voice recorder . Chealander said Monday that he had been asked about possible icing on the aircraft 's tail . "  If there 's icing on the wings , there 's icing on the tail , " he said . "  The significance of that is yet to be determined . " The flight data recorder indicated the plane 's deicing system was activated 11 minutes after takeoff from Newark and remained on until the crash , according to the NTSB . Chealander said investigators have recovered most of the pieces of that system and will examine those materials to determine whether the system was operating properly . Chealander also said questionnaires were being sent to every pilot who flew in the Buffalo vicinity the night of the crash to find out what icing conditions they might have encountered . He said the only report to air traffic controllers of "  severe " icing that night came from a pilot "  well south of the Buffalo area . " On Sunday , Chealander gave details of the final violent seconds of the flight , saying the flight data recorder indicated that in the final seconds , the plane 's nose pitched drastically up , then down , and the plane then rolled left 46 degrees and then right 105 degrees , or past the 90-degree vertical point . Before impact in a residential neighborhood , the plane fell 800 feet in five seconds , Chealander said . On Monday , he said about half the aircraft wreckage had been removed from the crash site and taken for detailed examination . Giving an indication of the explosive nature of the impact and subsequent fire , Chealander said wreckage is being taken away "  in bins and on trailers . " He said investigators hope to have all wreckage removed from the crash site by Wednesday , when a snowstorm is forecast for the area . Authorities have not discussed the status of the removal of victims ' remains since Saturday night , when they said 15 bodies had been recovered .	NTSB says pilot who traveled same route in identical plane reported "  moderate icing " That plane landed safely in Buffalo 27 minutes after fatal crash NTSB sending questionnaires to pilots who flew in area to gather data Investigators recover , test pieces from deicing system
CNN  -- Five things learned from Sunday 's GOP debate : Everybody gets their follow-up There 's been a lot of grousing about the back-to-back debate schedule but , in fact , the candidates seemed to relish the chance to follow up on their performances Saturday night . Both Rick Santorum and Newt Gingrich were panned for failing to land a blow on Mitt Romney Saturday . That changed within the opening minutes of Monday 's match-up , with both candidates moving aggressively against Romney right out of the gate . Meanwhile , Jon Huntsman had clearly been thinking about Romney 's Saturday criticism of his service as ambassador to China under President Barack Obama . Huntsman took the opportunity to respond Sunday . "  I was criticized last night by Gov. Romney for putting my country first , " he said . "  I will always put my country first . I think that 's important . " The one candidate clearly put to a disadvantage by the opportunity to fix Saturday night 's mistakes : Romney , the longtime front-runner who skated through the first debate untouched and who is hoping to maintain the status quo days before New Hampshire voters head to the polls . Looking ahead to the general election ? As in Saturday 's debate , gay rights once again played a role in this one . Rick Santorum -- a man who has run on a predominantly social values platform -- offered perhaps his strongest statement of homosexual support to date , saying he would not repudiate a son who told him he was gay . He was careful , however , not to say that he would fight for gay individuals , instead saying he would be an advocate for "  every person in America " and would make sure people are treated with "  respect and dignity . " "  That does not mean that I would agree with certain things that the gay community would like to do to change laws , with respect to marriage , with respect to adoption and things like that , " he said . On the same topic , Mitt Romney said he has hired gay staffers in the past and would never discriminate against gays or attempt to take away their rights . Are these two men looking ahead to a general election , where strong social conservative values may not play as well on a national scale ? Perhaps . Over the past few years the LGBT  lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender  rights movement has made strides , and many question whether someone who is not pro-LGBT could win a general election in the United States in 2012 . That said , social issues played a big role in Iowa , and will do so again in South Carolina . Santorum 's answer may have been a good middle-of-the-road response , and a reminder of a phrase often used by Christian conservatives : love the sinner , not the sin . That may be a message to which conservative voters in the upcoming state of South Carolina can relate . Dealing with Democrats Calls for bipartisanship at a GOP presidential debate ? Could it be ? Both former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney touted their records of working with Democrats to hammer out legislative deals . Gingrich , who is best know for battling President Bill Clinton in the 1990s , highlighted that he struck deals with the Democratic president , even though he wanted to make him "  a one-term president . " And Romney noted that when he was running Massachusetts , the state legislature was 85 % Democratic , but that he found "  common ground , " adding that he 's proven that he can "  work with Republicans and Democrats who are willing to work together . " Rick Santorum touted his ability to gain support among voters of both parties in his former Pennsylvania district , and Huntsman said serving one 's country should always trump party loyalty . But before candidates can work on uniting the party , they will have to triumph over their rivals as the bruising GOP primary plays out this winter . Huntsman 's last stand ? Since former Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman is placing all his chips on a strong finish in New Hampshire 's Tuesday primary , this weekend 's two presidential debates were his last , best chance to make his case for the GOP nomination . Saturday 's lukewarm performance by Huntsman , who has failed to gain much traction in the polls , was followed by a stronger delivery on Sunday morning . After coming under attack Saturday night by bitter rival Mitt Romney for his service as U.S. ambassador to China during the first two years of President Barack Obama 's term , Huntsman Sunday strongly defended his time in Beijing . But he also highlighted his fiscal plans as in tune with conservative Republican principles . And in a state where independent voters could determine who wins the primary , Huntsman made his pitch , saying "  the American people are tired of the partisan division . They have had enough . And I say , we 've had enough , and we have to change our direction in terms of coming together as Americans first and foremost and finding solutions to our problems . " No one taking super PAC high road Gingrich finally had his face-off with Romney over super PAC ads that have been a negative undercurrent in the 2012 race . Both candidates ignored a question Sunday about whether they would agree to urge super PACs supporting their candidacy to take down negative advertisements . It became clear , as long as the claims in the influential ads are factually accurate , neither Gingrich nor Romney is above letting the groups do their mudslinging for them . Gingrich , the former speaker who has been the target of a majority of the negative super PAC ads , endorsed an upcoming movie-length spot about Romney and his work with venture capital firm Bain Capital . "  I agree with  Romney  , it takes broad shoulders to run . If you ca n't take the heat , get out of the kitchen , " Gingrich said . "  When the 27-and-a-half minute movie comes out , I hope it 's accurate . I can say publicly I hope that the super PAC runs an accurate movie about Bain . " Gingrich also took aim at the front-runner for dishing "  pious baloney " about his political history and reasons for launching a White House bid . "  I realize the red light does n't mean anything to you because you 're the front-runner , " Gingrich said . "  But can we drop a little bit of the pious baloney ? " And Romney chided Gingrich for his campaign trail rhetoric . "  Mr. Speaker , I would n't say some of the things you 've called me in public , " Romney said . "  I think that 's just over the top . " CNN 's Paul Steinhauser , Shannon Travis , Shawna Shepherd , Rachel Streitfeld and Chris Welch contributed to this report .	The candidates seem to relish a chance to follow up on Saturday 's debate Huntsman : "  I will always put my country first " Santorum offers perhaps his strongest statement on gay rights Gingrich , Romney say they have worked with Democrats to hammer out deals
Leanne Hecht Bearden may not be missing after all -- in fact , she might be missing by her own accord . That 's what her family said Thursday , after days of pushing for help in finding the 33-year-old last seen leaving her in-law 's house in Garden Ridge , Texas , just northeast of San Antonio . But the bottom line is that Bearden is still missing , nearly two weeks after she went for a walk . Pointing to investigative work done by the Garden Ridge police , the Comal County Sheriff 's Office and Texas Rangers , the family said they now believe Bearden may have gone missing intentionally . "  There is evidence that Leanne may have voluntarily left the area , and we understand this is a strong possibility , " the family said in a statement posted Thursday on a Facebook page devoted to finding the young woman . If nothing else , Bearden is a veteran traveler . In the last couple of years , she traveled the world with her husband , Josh Bearden , in an epic 22-month trek that she extensively documented in a blog . They climbed Mount Kilimanjaro , swam in the Dead Sea , attended an Indian wedding and much , much more . Then , in December , the couple returned to the United States . Her brother , Michael Hecht , said upon returning to the United States , the couple had spent a short time in Georgia , then went to Texas for a few weeks to visit Josh 's family . He said they were working to find jobs in Denver , where the couple was married and had settled . Coming back to her native country was n't necessarily easy , her family suggested . "  The pressure of transitioning from her two-year trip back into what we consider ` normal ' life seems to have left her very anxious and stressed , " they said . On January 17 , Bearden told her family she 'd be back in about an hour after setting out on a walk from her in-laws ' residence where she and her husband were staying . Josh Bearden told CNN affiliate KENS-TV , "  She left on her own free will . That is what she did . That is absolutely true , but what happened after she left the house on her own free will I do n't know . " He and other relatives and friends worked intently to spread the word after she did n't return , as the search for her expanded . Her brother told CNN two helicopters searched for nearly three hours six days after she was last seen , and that followed ground searches the previous two days . "  It 's baffling right now about what happened . Maybe she fell and hurt herself . You start thinking about things . I do n't think she had any enemies . She is loved very much , " Hecht said then . The biggest such search -- covering 23 square miles , by air and land -- was last Saturday . Garden Ridge police noted their serious concern about Bearden last week , while adding "  there is no indication at this time that  her disappearance  is criminal in nature . " They and other authorities talked to relatives and friends , combed through e-mails and text messages , checked out phone records and contacts -- all in addition to looking for physical signs of her . But none of these efforts have revealed any "  evidence ... of her presence , " according to her family . "  If Leanne has indeed fled the area , she is extremely vulnerable , " they said . "  She left with only a few assets and is traveling very light . " The family added that while Bearden is athletic , "  she is small in stature . " "  Her mental and physical status is uncertain , " they said . "  We fear for her greatly . " The Facebook page devoted to finding her continued pleading Thursday night -- shortly after the family 's statement came out -- for the public 's help , asking people to print and post fliers with her picture and share her story through social media . "  Continue to send your positive thoughts and prayers to the family and friends of Leanne who are really in need of them now , " the post said .	Leanne Bearden was reported missing January 17 after not returning from a walk A big search in Texas followed for the 33-year-old world traveler The family says "  there is evidence that Leanne may have voluntarily left the area " They call her "  extremely vulnerable " and continue asking for the public 's help
CNN Student News  -- May 2 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Libya • Vatican City • Alabama Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . GROUP OF STUDENTS FROM BUSINESS , ENGINEERING , SCIENCE , AND TECHNOLOGY  B.E.S.T.  ACADEMY : Welcome to CNN Student News at B.E.S.T. Academy Middle School . UNIDENTIFIED MALE B.E.S.T. STUDENT : Today , we are very glad and appreciative of the teachers who are striving to make us the best and prepare us for a promising and productive future . GROUP : And remember , we are accepting no excuses in our journey to be the B.E.S.T. CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Thanks to the students at B.E.S.T. Academy for getting things started today as CNN Student News kicks off Teacher Appreciation Week . I 'm Carl Azuz . Let 's get to it . First Up : Libya Civil War AZUZ : First up , the Libyan military is increasing its attacks on rebel forces , and at least one witness says it 's "  like revenge . " This comes after a NATO airstrike reportedly killed part of Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 's family . Gadhafi has controlled Libya for 42 years . Rebels want him out of power ; they 're fighting against his government and military . NATO , the North Atlantic Treaty Organization , is leading an international operation to protect Libya 's citizens . Libyan authorities say one of Colonel Gadhafi 's sons and three of his grandchildren were killed in Sunday 's airstrike . Government officials say Moammar Gadhafi and his wife were in the house when it was targeted , but that they 're all right . NATO says it does n't target individuals , just military-related locations . NATO commanders added that they regret any loss of life during Libya 's ongoing civil war . Pope Beatification AZUZ : The late Pope John Paul II can now be called "  blessed , " which means he 's one step away from becoming a saint . The pope -- the position -- serves as the head of the Roman Catholic Church . And John Paul II served as pope from 1978 until his death in 2005 . In the Catholic faith , in order to be beatified -- that 's when you 're declared as "  blessed " -- a person has to be credited with performing a miracle . Becoming a saint requires two miracles . Some people have been critical of how John Paul II handled some issues in the Catholic Church while he was pope . But more than a million people came out to the Vatican on Sunday for the beatification ceremony led by the current pope , Benedict XVI . John Paul performed more than 1,300 beatification ceremonies while he was pope , a very popular pope to this day . Royal Wedding AZUZ : Their names are still William and Kate , but from now on , you can call them the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge . Those are the titles that Britain 's Prince William and Catherine Middleton were given after their royal wedding last Friday . It was not what you 'd call a small ceremony . The couple tied the knot at Westminster Abbey in front of family and friends . But people around the world tuned in to watch , and huge crowds showed up in London for a chance to see the bride and groom . They will be going on a honeymoon , although they are n't saying where . But they 're not leaving for a while . After a quiet weekend , Prince William was headed back to his job as a search and rescue pilot . Sound Check WALTER MADDOX , MAYOR OF TUSCALOOSA , ALABAMA : My heart 's broken . There 's no way you can walk on these streets where I have grown up , and the 93,000 citizens that I represent , and see the pain in their eyes , the look of what has happened to us . This has clearly been a dark hour for me personally , and for our city . But I am confident . I believe that we will come out of this stronger , and a new day will dawn for the city of Tuscaloosa . Alabama Aftermath AZUZ : The mayor of Tuscaloosa , Alabama . His city was hit hard by severe weather and tornadoes that whipped across the southern U.S. last week . Churches across the state of Alabama held a day of prayer yesterday for the victims and survivors . Authorities say more than 330 people were killed across six states ; that made it the second deadliest tornado outbreak in U.S. history . President Obama went to see some of the damage in Tuscaloosa on Friday . He declared major disasters in parts of Alabama , Mississippi and Georgia . That declaration will give money to help with the recovery efforts . Weather anchor Reynolds Wolf was also in Tuscaloosa . He gives us a closer look at what the president saw . BEGIN VIDEO REYNOLDS WOLF , CNN WEATHER ANCHOR : This is Alabama . It 's my home state , the heart of Dixie , and after suffering the worst tornado in its history , this place will never quite be the same . When it comes to damage , it 's so incredibly random . One house will have a wall completely ripped away , part of a roof . This one , on the other side of these trees , was actually lifted up and pushed completely off its foundation . And then right across the street on this side there 's nothing there . Unreal . Now , before the twisters struck , this truck was in perfect condition . But after experiencing winds , possibly as high as 300 miles per hour , this vehicle has been reduced to rubble . And since this story began , we 've been down countless streets , been in many neighborhoods , and still , we 're seeing the same stuff . Near and far , there 's just destruction . From houses to trees , just devastation . Here in Tuscaloosa though , things are slowly getting back to normal . You look across McFarland Boulevard and you see some construction crews trying to put things back together . All around them , plenty of damage . But things like that can get fixed . For the people who lost loved ones , though , life will never be the same . END VIDEO Shuttle Launch Delay AZUZ : This is not where Endeavour is supposed to be right now . The shuttle was supposed to launch last Friday . NASA called that off because of concerns about the heating system . Next possibility was today , but that 's off too . A power problem is what 's causing the other delay . The Endeavour crew and support staff were allowed to go home . Officials have n't set a new launch date , but they say it wo n't be any earlier than next Sunday , May 8th . Shoutout STAN CASE , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mrs. Boswell 's class at Moreland Ridge Middle School in Blue Springs , Missouri ! What is this person operating ? You know what to do ! Is it a : A  Jib , B  Steadicam , C  TelePrompTer or D  Boom mic ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! This is a Steadicam , which helps eliminate shaking for hand-held cameras . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Career Connections AZUZ : We 're putting the Steadicam in focus today because our Career Connections segment is back ! Our own Tomeka Jones is here to give you the scoop . Tomeka ? TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Well , the title pretty much speaks for itself ! We 're trying to help you connect with careers that interest you . Carl , what gave you the desire to become an anchor ? AZUZ : Uh , I was a better talker than listener . JONES : Well , CNN 's Matt Lingerfelt knew he wanted to be a professional cameraman from the time he was young , like middle-high school age . He learned a lot from the work of Garrett Brown , who invented the Steadicam in the 1970s . And now , he 's following in Brown 's footsteps . BEGIN VIDEO MATT LINGERFELT , CNN STEADICAM OPERATOR : A good operator makes Steadicam look good . RANDI KAYE , CNN ANCHOR : The breakdown is a monumental shutdown . LINGERFELT : Steadicam was originally designed for film . Basically , it 's a vest that has an arm that comes around . And I attach this arm that has springs loaded into it . The camera attaches to it . The springs take out all the load of the camera and me walking around , so it balances it out ; makes it nice and smooth . We have two minutes until we are live . Right now , we 're in the middle of a break and I 'm getting time cues in my ear from master control . UNIDENTIFIED CNN DIRECTOR : Her mic . Go Matt . Cue . FIONNUALA SWEENEY , CNN INTERNATIONAL ANCHOR : You are at the international desk , where we bring you the world up to the minute . UNIDENTIFIED CNN DIRECTOR : Go Matt . Roll them . LINGERFELT : So , the director is telling me , "  Matt , I need this shot . " And then he 'll explain whatever shot it is , either the anchor at a wall or I 'm doing a bump shot . And all a bump shot is is just a beauty shot of the studio . UNIDENTIFIED CNN DIRECTOR : Go ! Standby to bump everything down , please . LINGERFELT : Well , that 's what happens when the president takes over : our shot gets killed . No big deal ; happens every day . The best advice I was given is to volunteer and always ask questions if you do n't understand what something is . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : Well , you heard Matt Lingerfelt , a friend of mine , talk about directors a lot . You can watch our Career Connections segment on directors at CNNStudentNews.com ! Well , we hope you saved enough room for today 's Before We Go segment , because it is gon na leave you stuffed . Between the tomato , cucumber , lettuce and bread , you 're looking at a five pound burger ! And more than three pounds of that is meat . A restaurant in China offers its diners a challenge : if they can get it down in 2 hours , the burger 's free . Free food versus massive heartburn ? Goodbye AZUZ : There 's a debate you can really sink your teeth into . And you knew it could only show up in our beef-fore we go segment . There 's an a-bun-dance of puns we could make about this story , but we 've already eaten up all of our time . Just one more thing : This show goes out to our friends at A.C. Reynolds Middle School in Asheville , North Carolina . We appreciate your stopping by CNN last week !	Examine the circumstances surrounding a NATO airstrike in Libya Tour some of the devastation in Alabama following deadly storms Meet a CNN Steadicam operator in our Career Connections segment Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Kandi Burruss , the newest cast member of the reality show "  The Real Housewives of Atlanta , " was mourning the death Saturday of her fiancé , who died after a fistfight the night before . Kandi Burruss , at right with co-star NeNe Leakes , appeared at the BET Awards in June . The fiancé , 34-year-old Ashley "  A.J. " Jewell , also appeared on the show . A spokeswoman for Burruss said the actress was "  devastated " by the news . "  She has no statement to make at this time and asks for privacy , " Tresa Sanders said . She said the two planned to marry , even though the relationship had ups and downs . In late August , Burruss told WVEE Radio in Atlanta , "  We 're on hiatus , " and she told Essence.com last month that the two were taking a break from each other . Police said they contacted Burruss after Jewell 's death . Jewell and another man fought Friday night in the parking lot of the Atlanta strip club Body Tap , police spokesman Officer James Polite said . Jewell was taken to a hospital , where he died of blunt force trauma to the head , Polite said . Fredrick Richardson was arrested on a charge of voluntary manslaughter after witnesses identified him and he was interviewed by police . He was treated at a hospital . Police tentatively described the men as club managers , although Jewell claimed on Twitter that he owned the establishment . Polite said police do n't know why the fight started . Sanders said Burruss was doubly saddened because she is mourning the death of her uncle , Ralph Leslie , whose funeral is Saturday . The reality performer posted messages about Jewell 's death on Twitter . "  im just in one of those moods where i dont wan na talk , i dont wan na b held & told its gon na b ok . i just wan na cry myself 2 sleep , alone , " she says . "  i could never n a million years imagine this happening . please pray for AJ 's children . that 's who im the most concerned 4 . " "  im bout 2 giv my swollen eyes sum rest now . i just wanted to say thanks 2 every1 for their prayers . " Burruss is a Grammy-winning singer-songwriter and former member of the 1990s R&B group Xscape .	NEW : Both men said to be managers of strip club where fight occurred Ashley "  A.J. " Jewell dies after fistfight outside Atlanta club , police say Jewell was fiancé of Kandi Burruss of TV show "  Real Housewives of Atlanta " Suspect charged with involuntary manslaughter after questioning by police
GAZA CITY  CNN  -- About 150 pro-Fatah Palestinians seeking refuge from a Hamas crackdown in eastern Gaza City were allowed into Israel on Saturday , an Israel Defense Forces spokesman told CNN . Fatah members are led handcuffed and blindfolded through a Gaza City checkpoint into Israel on Saturday . They were let in at the request of Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas after Hamas took control of a neighborhood in eastern Gaza City on Saturday . The Palestinians entered through a security checkpoint in Nahal Oz in the Gaza 's northern region Saturday afternoon , the spokesman said . "  They were asking to enter the state of Israel after being threatened by Hamas gunmen , " the spokesman said . The spokesman said the Palestinians , some of whom were wounded , were allowed to cross the border after they disarmed . He also said they would be asked about the events leading them to seek refuge in Israel . Those who suffered injuries were taken to a facility to receive medical treatment . It was a rare act that could be interpreted as a sign of Israel 's support of the Fatah party , which is led by Abbas . "  It was a sort of humane gesture , " the IDF spokesman said . Hamas forces took control of the al-Shojaeya neighborhood in eastern Gaza City late Saturday , ending several hours of deadly fighting . The Hamas forces were battling a family suspected of harboring Fatah members wanted in last week 's Gaza beach bombing . Hamas police surrounded the clan , and a battle began with rocket-propelled grenades , rockets and rifles , sources said . The violence in the large neighborhood left four people dead , including two police officers , and wounded at least 60 others . Watch a report on the violence " The IDF confirmed that some of the Palestinians who entered Israel on Saturday were members of the clan . Hamas Interior Minister Said Salam said in a news conference that bomb-making materials were found . He asked why so many people would have fled to Israel if they were n't guilty . Hamas forces began raiding houses in the 15-block neighborhood after the fighting died down , arresting at least 12 men Saturday night . Earlier , the Hilles clan , a family known to support Fatah , refused Hamas police demands to hand over 20 activists suspected in the bomb attack , sources said . Hamas security forces in Gaza had already detained hundreds of people affiliated with Fatah since five Hamas militants and a child died in the July 25 beach bombing . Fatah sources say about 450 were apprehended . Among the dead in the beach attack was Amar Musubah , a Hamas military commander , who has been the target of Israeli military assassination attempts . Fatah denied responsibility for the attack . Hamas sources said Saturday the group will release 10 Fatah members arrested earlier in Gaza . In addition , Hamas released Fatah spokesman Ibrahim Abu-Naja . Hamas also shut down a radio station , accusing it of airing pro-Fatah broadcasts . The two Palestinian factions have been bitterly divided since Hamas drove Abbas ' security forces from Gaza last year . Gaza tunnel collapse kills 5 , hurts 16 Meanwhile , early Saturday , a tunnel used to smuggle goods into Gaza from Egypt collapsed , killing at least five people and injuring 16 , Palestinian sources said . The supply tunnel , which collapsed near Rafah , was one of many dug along the Gaza-Egypt border in the past year , since Israel closed border crossings . The move followed Hamas ' takeover of the territory . The tunnel operations have grown into a big business . The tunnels are sometimes built too close to each other for safety . Journalist Talal Abu-Rahmi in Gaza contributed to this report .	About 150 pro-Fatah Palestinians let into Israel after Hamas crackdown 5 die in collapse of tunnel used to smuggle goods from Egypt to Gaza At least 4 killed , 60 wounded in Hamas battle with pro-Fatah clan in east Gaza City Hamas takeover the latest in week of Palestinian infighting
CNN  -- It 's sometimes said that the ' 00s opened with a Pearl Harbor and ended with a Great Crash . Yet this dramatic decade still lacks even a name . The Forties had big bands and a bigger war , the Sixties protests and hippies , the Seventies "  malaise . " But what do we call the decade just ending ? The Double-Zeros ? The late Bill Safire suggested the Naughties , "  nought " being an old-fashioned term for "  zero "  as in dough-nought  . Whatever you call them , the years from 2000 on have been united by one great theme : This is the decade when the bills came due for neglected problems . 1  Terrorism The most painful thought about the 9/11 attack was how easily it could have been prevented . If the state trooper who pulled over Ziad Jarrah for speeding had a way to detect a fraudulent driver 's license -- if the gate agent who checked Muhammad Atta in Portland , Maine , had acted on his suspicions -- if , if , if . Through the 1990s , the United States was targeted by an escalating series of terrorist actions . Yet the country 's leaders continued to treat terrorism as second or third-tier problem . President Clinton did not respond to the attack on the USS Cole in December 2000 . Some suspected he feared retaliation would disrupt his Israeli-Palestinian peace negotiations . Candidate George W. Bush promised Muslim voters that he would end the use of CIA terrorism evidence in immigration hearings . The bill for past laxity came due on September 11 , 2001 . And over the remainder of the decade , other bills would arrive : the bill for allowing Saddam Hussein to remain in power in 1991 , the bill for not responding to Iranian-sponsored terrorist attacks in the 1990s . After the attack on the U.S. Khobar Towers barracks in Saudi Arabia killed 19 , the Clinton administration threatened retaliation if Iran repeated the atrocity . That threat was followed by the ramping up of the Iranian nuclear program that confronts the world today . 2  Health care The private marketplace had developed a promising , cost-efficient means of delivering healthcare : the health maintenance organization . Thanks to the spread of HMOs , health care costs grew more slowly in the 1990s than any decade since World War II . Because health care costs are paid out of employee wages , slowing those costs boosted worker pay . Thanks in large part to the slowdown of health cost inflation , worker incomes grew faster in the 1990s than in any decade since the 1960s . But the HMOs had their faults and kinks . Instead of defending and improving the HMO system , demagogic state and federal politicians waged war on HMOs , imposing strict mandates on them that forced up their costs . And they persuaded employers to revert to more traditional and expensive fee-for-service medicine . The main result : Costs exploded upward again in the 2000s . The average cost of a health policy for a family of four doubled between 2000 and 2006 , from about $ 6,000 to about $ 13,000 . A secondary result : Wage growth stopped . The typical earner actually brought home less after inflation in 2006 than in 2000 . 3  Immigration In 1986 , Congress passed the Simpson-Mazzoli bill , granting amnesty to illegal aliens and promising stricter enforcement of immigration laws in the future . The law failed miserably . The amnesty only invited a huge surge of migrants hoping for a second amnesty . The promised enforcement never materialized . Over the ensuing decade , the United States received the biggest influx of migration since before the First World War . These new migrants transformed the lives of middle-class Americans . In the 1960s , McDonald 's was the typical night out for a middle-income family . In the 1990s , a family earning the same income could enjoy table service at an Olive Garden or Applebee 's . House cleaning , gardening , nannying and valet parking all became more affordable to middle-class Americans . There were losers from this social transformation : lower-skilled natives priced out of low-wage jobs . But they had little political clout , and their feelings were easily ignored . But in the 2000s , it became apparent that the illegal migrant population had grown vastly bigger . Migrants were now displacing the native-born from more desirable work : construction , meatpacking , trucking . More ominously , the children of the migrants were growing into something that looked very much like an underclass . The rate of teen motherhood among second-generation Hispanic children is higher than among blacks . Barely half of second-generation Hispanic migrants complete high school on time . Rejecting the low-skilled jobs that employed their parents , but unprepared for more skilled work , they fall into gangs and alienation . And this time , unlike 1986 , we are talking about a population numbering in the tens of millions . These bills for past mistakes arrived in the 2000s . But we did not manage to pay them . Maybe it would be both more numerically and historically accurate to call the decade not the double zeroes but the triple zeroes . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	The decade that 's ending does n't yet have a name David Frum says the decade was marked by unsolved issues of earlier years Frum : Terrorism , health care inflation , immigration issues came home to roost He says these problems have n't been solved in this decade either
Frugal , cold and boring -- those are just some of the words Germany 's chancellor Angela Merkel has been called by her peers and the global press days before the German election . So how did a quiet , unassuming fraulein from a small , rural town in the former communist-ruled German Democratic Republic  GDR  become arguably the most powerful female politician of all time ? While the constant chatter of fixing the Eurozone has recently abated , the Christian Democratic Union leader was a popular choice for another term with strong approval ratings thanks to securing the country 's lowest unemployment rate in two decades . Upon completion of her recently won third term as chancellor , by 2016 she will become the longest-serving elected female head of government in history . The original "  Iron Lady " Margaret Thatcher , who served Britain for 11 years as prime minister , currently holds this record . Merkel 's rise from political obscurity to the highest publicly elected office in Germany is a captivating tale . Born in West Germany , her father Horst Kasner , a Lutheran pastor moved the family in 1957 to the small town of Templin in East Germany shortly before the erection of the Berlin Wall . Humble beginnings Growing up under communist rule in East Germany would have had a strong impact on the future chancellor . While she has often said she was never interested in the politics of the new state , her world view was shaped by her surroundings . The restrictions and ever-present secret police -- the Stasi -- taught Merkel the importance of discretion and when to speak up . Through her childhood , Merkel was strong academically and teachers praised her skills in math and language , but it was the sciences that caught her attention . In turn , she went on to study physics at the University of Leipzig . The characteristics that come from being a scientist have become one of her defining skills as a politician . As Stefan Kornelius writes in Merkel 's authorized biography , "  Angela Merkel -- The Chancellor and Her World " : "  Merkel shapes her world view in an analytical way . She weighs up arguments , industriously collects facts , considers the pros and cons ... "  She admires people with qualities that are not her own , but prefers to work her way steadily forward . Herein lies Merkel 's problem : if her opponent does n't use rational arguments , then the logical framework ceases to function , arguments can not be weighted against each other and compromises can not be reached . " Deja vu ? Upon leaving university and earning her PhD , Merkel initially worked as a quantum chemist at the Academy of Sciences in East Berlin before joining the a small independent party , Democatic Awakening shortly before reunification between East and West Germany . She swiftly rose through the ranks of the party , which quickly aligned with then-chancellor of West Germany Helmut Kolhl . By the time the Berlin Wall fell in October of 1990 , Merkel was working as deputy press secretary to the East German premier . In the following months , she watched diplomacy in action and the rapid financial collapse of East Germany after reunification . Put simply , this experience shaped her economic world view forever . "  Look , I 've experienced the collapse of a country , the GDR , " she said in April at an event with the Polish Prime Minister , Donald Tusk . "  The economic system failed under the aegis of the Soviet Union . "  What I really do n't want is to look on , eyes open , as Europe as a whole slips back . I would find that absurd , we have all the skills in our hands . " Unafraid to say ` nein ' Viewed as the de facto leader of Europe , Merkel 's legacy will largely be determined by the outcome of the euro crisis . Thrust into the center of Europe 's ailing economic landscape , she has taken a hard line with neighboring countries and world leaders . "  In the debt crisis , Merkel is seen as the hard-bitten , humorless , austerity-enforcing "  Madame Non " who refuses to underwrite the rest of the euro area 's debt , " writes journalists Alan Crawford and Tony Czuczka in their recent book , Angela Merkel : A Chancellorship Forged in Crisis . Bringing her own brand of Germany 's social market economy to the world stage with her divisive austerity measures , Merkel operates a step-by-step approach to her politics . As Crawford and Czuczka write : " ... Merkel consults widely to better formulate her approach to policy making . She is not given to snap , intuitive decisions , but is rather very deliberate in the way she reaches her conclusions . " But what also makes Merkel most unusual is how little her lifestyle has changed since assuming power . In contrast to fellow politicians , she lives a modest way of life residing in her Berlin apartment with her second husband Joachim Sauerspends . What 's more , she does n't put on lavish displays when hosting world leaders and she continues to spend weekends away from public glare at her home in the rural hamlet of Hohenwalde , east of Berlin . Though she is often described as "  boring " and has been known to give long press conferences without revealing anything of news value , her understated political persona is her strength . In an age where pomp and performance can seem to trump policy and substance , Merkel is the exception to the rule . Her shrewd negotiation skills and ability to deliver make up for what she lacks in charm and charisma . After all , sometimes the ability for a leader to govern is more important than the ability to warm a crowd .	Merkel wins third term as German Chancellor after elections on Sunday Despite being described as frugal , cold and boring , Forbes named Merkel world 's most powerful female in May Merkel 's scientific background means she tackles problems in a calm , analytical manner
CNN Student News  -- July 27 , 2011 Download a PDF map related to today 's show : • Washington , D.C. Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : It 's been one of the biggest stories of July : Whether you saw the news on the first or the 21st of this month , chances are you 've heard something about America 's debt ceiling . This special , summer webcast is gon na sum it up for you and explain why it 's so important . We 're starting right now ! First Up : What Is The Debt Ceiling ? AZUZ : First things first : What is the debt ceiling , and why do we have to keep on raising it ? Our Chief Financial Correspondent Ali Velshi takes just over a minute to explain it . BEGIN VIDEO ALI VELSHI , CNN ANCHOR AND CHIEF BUSINESS CORRESPONDENT : The debt ceiling is exactly the same as your credit limit on your credit cards , except it 's for everything that you borrow . It 's like having one super loan . The United States is one of the few countries in the world that , by law , they have to keep on voting to increase the credit limit . Most countries just continue to borrow more . So , the debt ceiling is the absolute top amount of money that the U.S. can owe to anyone at any given time . and it 's about $ 14.3 trillion . So in order to raise that ceiling so the U.S. can borrow more money to keep things going , the debt ceiling has to be increased by Congress . This has happened many , many times before . It 's usually fairly routine ; this time it 's not . The U.S. actually hit the credit limit on May 16 , but the treasury secretary has been able to keep the wolves at bay . He 's been able to move piles of money around and basically keep us solvent until August 2nd . If we get to August 3rd and we 've not raised the debt ceiling , somebody somewhere is n't getting paid . END VIDEO Debt Payments Explainer AZUZ : And this is what we mean by that , by somebody not getting paid . These figures are for the month of August . The government will bring in about $ 172 billion , mostly from taxes . But to fund all of its programs , it 'll need more than $ 306 billion . For decades , the government has spent more money than it has taken in , which is why we have debt and why it 's so high . But if the government does n't raise the debt ceiling , it would not be able to spend more than it has . That means some government programs would n't get all the money they need to operate . Now , these are the five goverment programs that require the most money . Medicare and Medicaid give medical care to the elderly and the poor . Social Security gives money to retired people . Add defense vendors , who make military equipment , interest on investments , and money for the Education Department , and your total comes to $ 180 billion . That 's just on the five costliest government programs , and it 's already more money than the goverment would have ! And if the government funded just these programs , people who work for the government would n't get paid . U.S. troops -- including those in Iraq and Afghanistan -- would n't get paid . Veterans would n't get benefits . Your parents might not get their tax refunds from the IRS . Federal highways might not get maintained . A whole bunch of stuff would n't get done . Now , this is a simplified example . It 's unlikely that the government would give just a few programs all the money they needed and let others go without anything . The Treasury Department would probably spread a thin amount of the money it had over a lot of different areas , giving some programs maybe just enough to operate . But it illustrates two things . One : How much more the government spends than it takes in . And two : Why many people in the government want that debt ceiling to be raised so badly , so the government can continue borrowing the money it needs to pay for all of its programs in full . Goodbye AZUZ : Things could change any minute . Congress is looking at a number of ways to raise the debt ceiling as we put this show together . So , check in with CNN.com every day to see if an agreement on how to do that has been reached and whether the debt ceiling has been raised . And I will see you again soon ! Thank you for watching . I 'm Carl Azuz for CNN Student News .	Use this week 's CNN Student News webcast to understand the U.S. debt ceiling Explore the limits of government spending if the debt limit is n't raised Understand how some government programs could lose some of their funding
CNN  -- Israeli-Palestinian tensions flared again in Jerusalem on Wednesday , with police and youths clashing at one of the holiest sites in Judaism and Islam , and a Palestinian motorist slamming into pedestrians , killing one . The events occurred amid unrest spurred in part by a days long war of words -- and sometimes rocks and bullets -- over the compound called the Temple Mount by Jews and Haram al-Sharif , or the Noble Sanctuary , by Muslims . At the compound -- the holiest site in Judaism and the third-holiest in Islam -- groups of Palestinian youths threw stones and set off fireworks at Israeli police officers when the site was opened to visitors , Israeli police spokeswoman Luba Samri said . Clashes left more than 15 people injured , police said . It was just the latest round of unrest since right-wing activist Rabbi Yehuda Glick was shot and gravely wounded after championing more Jewish rights at the site , where Jews can currently gather , but not pray . The October 29 shooting helped to ratchet up tensions in Jerusalem and prompted Israeli authorities to close the holy site for one day -- a move that a spokesman for Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas called a "  declaration of war . " Before Wednesday 's violence , the youths had gathered at the site 's al-Aqsa Mosque overnight , amassing rocks , fireworks and Molotov cocktails with which to attack police , Samri said . Police pushed the Palestinians back into the mosque during Wednesday 's clashes , Samri said , and , in an attempt to control the violence , police temporarily closed access to the compound . Witnesses among the Muslim worshipers gave a different version of events , saying police tossed stun grenades into the mosque to clear the way for Jewish protesters intending to support Glick . "  Inside the mosque they formed obstacles to hide behind , " Samri said . "  There were violent clashes with the police . " Police later allowed Jews and tourists back to the site , but unrest flared again near another gate , when police threw stun grenades and fired rubber bullets at Muslim worshipers who were chanting and praying because they were n't allowed back into the compound . Paramedics from the Red Crescent said 15 people were injured , one of them with a serious injury to the eye . Samri said police officers were injured . Israeli police officer killed , 13 hurt in driver 's rampage Also in eastern Jerusalem on Wednesday , a Palestinian man drove a van into pedestrians at a rail station , killing an Israeli border police officer and injuring 13 other people , police said . Police shot and killed the attacker , identified by Israeli authorities as a member of the Islamist Hamas movement and a resident of the Shuafat Palestinian refugee camp in eastern Jerusalem , Samri said . News of the attack and subsequent killing ignited fierce clashes between Israeli security forces and Palestinian youths at the entrance of the refugee camp , according to witnesses . Police did not say the van attack was tied to unrest at the holy site . No motive was immediately released , but the Islamist movement Hamas supported it in a text message to the news media : "  Hamas blesses the action . What is happening in Jerusalem is pushing us to prepare for war . " Israeli police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld called the incident "  a terrorist attack . " That was followed later in the day by a similar incident , when a car with Palestinian plates rammed into Israeli military post near Al-Aroub in the West Bank , injuring three Israeli soldiers , authorities said . Police are searching for the driver , who appears to have fled the scene , they said . The soldiers were taken to Jerusalem 's Hadassah Hospital . All three are in moderate condition , Dr. Asher Salmon , the hospital 's deputy head , said . Earlier , Samri said one was in critical condition . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu condemned what he said was the "  incitement " of violence by Palestinian leaders . He said the assassination attempt on Glick has led to other violence , including the vehicle attack . The attack comes on the heels of two hit-and-run incidents that happened in Jerusalem and the West Bank last month . On October 22 , a Palestinian man rammed his car into commuters waiting at a light rail stop in Jerusalem , killing a baby and wounding several other people , Israeli police said . Palestinian state news reported that a 5-year-old girl died October 19 after an Israeli settler deliberately ran over her as she returned home from kindergarten near a village to the north of Ramallah in the West Bank . Recent tension at the holy site Some of the recent tension centers on the Temple Mount/Haram al-Sharif and Glick , who has argued that Jews must have a place of worship there . Israeli police shot and killed a suspect in Glick 's shooting . That is a sensitive issue for Muslims , who suspect a plan to expel them from the site . A spokesman for the military wing of Hamas said the site 's al-Aqsa Mosque "  is the detonator needed to ignite a volcano in the face of the cowardly and treacherous occupier . " "  We salute the heroes of the mujahideen of Hamas , " Abu Abiada said in a message posted on the military wing 's website . Jordan controlled the site for a time until 1967 , when Israel seized eastern Jerusalem . In the 1980s , Jewish radicals plotted to blow up the Muslim buildings , believing that it would lead to a spiritual revolution and usher in the messiah . In 2000 , the Second Intifada -- a five-year Palestinian uprising -- was sparked , Palestinians say , after Ariel Sharon , then a candidate for Israeli prime minister , visited the compound surrounding the al-Aqsa mosque . Sharon insisted that his visit was not intended to provoke Palestinians , but many saw it as an attempt to underline Israel 's claim to Jerusalem 's holy sites . Revered by Jews , Muslims With its golden dome overlooking Jerusalem , the Temple Mount/Haram al-Sharif site is said to have hosted sacred events in the Jewish , Muslim and Christian religions . Rabbinic sages say that God gathered dust from this spot to create Adam , the first man , before setting him loose in the Garden of Eden . Jewish tradition holds that the Temple Mount contains Mount Moriah , where Abraham , the Hebrew patriarch , is said to have nearly sacrificed his son -- under God 's orders -- before an angel intervened . Later , Israeli King Solomon constructed the first Jewish temple on the mount , including the Holy of Holies , a room that kept the Ark of the Covenant , which was said to contain the tablets on which God wrote the Ten Commandments . At the foot of the Temple Mount , the 62-foot-tall Western Wall , or Wailing Wall , stands . Once supporting the courtyard of the ancient temple , Jews gather there now to hold religious services , to pray or to slip notes into its cracks . For Muslims , the Noble Sanctuary contains one of the most sacred sites in Islam : the al-Aqsa Mosque . Muslims believe that the Prophet Mohammed was carried on a flying steed from Mecca to the site during his miraculous Night Journey , said Muqtedar Khan , an expert on Islam and politics at the University of Delaware . According to Islamic tradition , the night journey took Mohammed to the same Jerusalem rock on which Abraham nearly sacrificed his son , where the Muslim founder led Abraham , Moses and Jesus in prayers as the last of God 's prophets . That rock is now said to sit in the Dome of the Rock , its golden roof gleaming above the Old City skyline . Since Muslims began construction at the site in the seventh century , Haram al-Sharif , now controlled by an Islamic trust , has been an almost constant source of tension between Muslims and Jews . CNN 's Tal Amir , Daniel Burke , Tim Lister , Kareem Khadder , Greg Botelho , Talal Abu Rahma and Erin McLaughlin contributed to this report .	NEW : Three Israeli soldiers are in moderate condition , a hospital official says Clashes have erupted at a Palestinian refugee camp , witnesses say Paramedics say 15 injured in latest clashes at Temple Mount , or Haram al-Sharif Elsewhere : Palestinian driver hits pedestrians ; Israeli police officer killed
CNN  -- Like every political animal , I will be paying close attention to U.S. Senate elections this Tuesday because they will tell us a lot about the next two years . But I will also have a special eye on a few particular races that may tell us more about our long-term future . Whether we can lift our national politics out of the ditch increasingly depends on whether we can transform our political culture , electing more candidates who want to restore old-fashioned standards of civility , bipartisan respect and putting country first . Sadly , the generation of politicians now in power -- baby boomers for the most part -- are so divided by ideology and a poisonous partisanship that they have lost their way . And the vast majority of Americans are turned off . A CNN poll this past week found that over 60 % of Americans are now angry about politics ; other surveys show that 9 out of 10 Americans think we have a crisis in leadership . A Harvard Institute of Politics survey out this week finds that young people -- once the optimists in a pessimistic country -- are now as distrustful of our national leadership as everyone else . Perhaps in elections this year and in 2016 , leaders will emerge from the baby boom generation who can get us back on track . I sure hope so . But given the track record so far , we also have to start looking and nurturing a new wave of leaders who will bring fresh perspectives and fresh idealism to politics . That 's why I will be watching two races in Massachusetts and Georgia so closely Tuesday night . In each , there are candidates who could be on the cutting edge of a new politics . In both cases , they come out of the national service movement -- rising leaders who are promoting an ethic of voluntary service by every young person . One candidate comes out of military service , the other out of civic service here at home . In both we see qualities sorely missing in our national debates -- humility and a deep sense of nonpartisan duty . Full disclosure : I have known and been a mentor to one of them , Seth Moulton , for nearly 15 years ; I am actively supporting him now . For Seth , the call to service came from the U.S. Marine Corps , where he signed up as an infantry officer -- "  it 's a good way to give back , " he told me , "  and very good leadership training . " As America went to war in the Middle East , off he went with his troops on the first wave into Iraq  an invasion he disagreed with  . Then a second and third tours , all in danger zones . Thankfully , he came home safely and was preparing to pursue concurrent degrees at the Harvard Business School and Kennedy School . His days in uniform seemed over . But Gen. David Petraeus was then named commander of all forces in Iraq and appealed to him to put his uniform back on : he wanted Seth for the surge . Off he went to a fourth tour -- not in the safety of the Green Zone but south of Baghdad amid more danger . Moulton did eventually come home and earned those two additional Harvard degrees . Investment banks tried to recruit him after business school ; he went instead to a start-up in Texas trying to build high-speed rail between Dallas and Houston . Then calls started up from Democrats , asking him to run for Congress back home on the North Shore of Massachusetts against an incumbent Democrat dogged by controversies . He took up the challenge and against all odds -- he started with virtually no name recognition and no money -- he won a huge upset victory this September . No one had unseated a Democratic incumbent in Massachusetts for more than 20 years . He is now locked in what may be a very close race this Tuesday -- Republicans have poured in buckets full of money in closing days . But out of the blue , the Boston Globe broke a story that has everyone buzzing : the Globe had repeatedly demanded copies of his military record from his campaign to see if he had been lying about his service , as so many other candidates have . Finally , the paper forced the campaign to fork over the records : lo and behold it turned out Moulton had downplayed his record , never telling voters he had won two military medals for heroism . He had n't even told his parents ! Marines do n't like to brag , he said . Is that the hint of a new chapter opening in American politics ? One can only wish . Meanwhile , another worthy candidate from the national service movement has come from behind and is now in a thriller in Georgia , facing a strong Republican in a red state . Michelle Nunn is widely known in Georgia as the daughter of the venerable former senator , Sam Nunn . That has certainly helped her . But to those who have worked in the trenches trying to extend a helping hand to the millions who need it , Michelle Nunn has earned a reputation as one of the best non-profit leaders in the country . She started a community volunteerism organization called Hands On Atlanta , grew it until it became the national Hands On Network and then merged with an organization created by President George H.W. Bush , becoming CEO of the new Points of Light Foundation . For those in the national service movement , Michelle 's election would be a huge breakthrough : social entrepreneurs -- so crucial to bringing energy and innovation to solve pressing social issues -- would finally have a champion from within their ranks in the halls of national power . In these two cases , the candidates who represent a new wave of leaders happen to be Democrats . Fortunately , there are also stirrings among very promising Republicans as well . Keep your eye out for Eric Greitens , for example : he is the rising star who studied philosophy in college , became an amateur boxer , won a Rhodes scholarship , worked with war refugees in Bosnia and Rowanda , served tours overseas as a Navy SEAL and built a deeply impactful organization for wounded veterans , The Mission Continues  Disclosure : I am on his board  . Republicans are urging him to run for statewide office in his native Missouri -- and I hope he does . To their credit , there are some individuals and political organizations stepping up to identify and support other candidates who promise to bring a new , more bipartisan spirit to politics . Former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg has selected a formidable list of moderates he is supporting in this cycle through large TV ad buys totaling tens of millions of dollars . Harvard Law professor Lawrence Lessig and Republican strategist Mark McKinnon have crowd-raised over $ 10 million to support candidates open to reforming campaign finance laws . And several smaller organizations are helping to encourage civilian and military service alumni to run for office . So far , of course , the number of new generation candidates elected to office remains small . Yet , we can already see their good works in a couple of states : Louisiana and Colorado . In both , alumni of Teach for America -- Kira Orange Jones and Mike Johnston , respectively -- ran as education reformers within the states and have delivered impressive results . The takeaway is this : Our politics are broken and they have been for years . No matter which party wins the Senate this Tuesday , the next few years could be as stagnant as the last . Even as we put pressure on Washington to change -- and change soon -- wisdom says we must also persuade and inspire a new generation of servant leaders to step forward . Fortunately , they are out there in growing numbers among social entrepreneurs , veterans and others , eager to change the country . This coming Tuesday voters can sign up two of the best for national duty .	David Gergen : American politics needs new perspectives and a new generation of leaders Two candidates epitomize the new style of leadership aiming to solve problems , he says Gergen : Can we transform our political culture and lift America out of the ditch ?
Phoenix , Arizona  CNN  -- By now , the entire country has gotten the message that Arizonans are angry and frustrated over illegal immigration . But , oddly enough , the anger and frustration is n't usually aimed at the illegal immigrants themselves . Many Arizonans would probably admit that , if they were unable to feed their families in their home country , they too might venture out in search of employment . And , if they were faced with waits of 10 to 15 years to enter another country legally , you can bet many of them would enter illegally . What really gets Arizonans fired up are three things : the feeling that they 're under siege by spillover violence from Mexican drug cartels , the concern that the U.S. government is n't doing enough to protect them , and indignation that people in other states are judging them for responding to a reality most of us ca n't imagine . That 's what you hear on talk radio and what you read in the letters section of local newspapers . And that 's also pretty much the view of Jay Heiler , a top-notch political and public affairs consultant and a familiar fixture in Arizona Republican circles . Heiler served as chief of staff to former Gov. Fife Symington in the 1990s and counsels Gov. Jan Brewer today . He 's a vocal defender of the state 's new immigration law , Senate Bill 1070 . What I wanted to know is whether that 's because he really believes in the measure or whether he 's just being a good soldier for the state GOP , given that just about every prominent Republican official in the state backs the law . As we met for what became a three-hour dinner in a Phoenix restaurant , I soon had my answer . Heiler began the conversation with a piece of advice . "  If you 're going to write about this issue with credibility , " he said , "  you have to acknowledge the reality of the violence caused by the Mexican drug cartels and the inability of the Mexican government to contain it . " Not this again . The new bogeyman of the immigration debate is the Mexican drug cartels . In fact , when you engage a supporter of SB 1070 , it 's hard to get them to talk about anything else . The cartels are their strong card ; why not play it ? One of the arguments floating about -- advanced by Brewer -- is that most illegal immigrants act as drug mules for the cartels . Too bad Brewer ca n't seem to find anyone to back that up . Arizona Sen. John McCain said he does n't believe that most illegal immigrants are used as drug mules . Neither does T.J. Bonner , head of the National Border Patrol Council , the labor union representing nearly 20,000 border patrol agents . Bonner said Brewer 's claims are "  clearly not the case " and "  do n't comport with reality . " Heiler is too smart to repeat wild claims . Instead , he stayed focused on public perception . He submits that most of the support for the measure -- polls show that about 55 percent of Arizonans back the law , down from 70 percent when Brewer signed it in April -- is coming from people who are sincerely afraid that Mexico is spinning out of control because of the drug war and that the chaos is spilling into Arizona in the form of kidnappings and other lawlessness . According to law enforcement authorities , in 2008 , nearly 400 kidnappings happened in Phoenix . But a prosecutor told me that most people do n't understand that many of these "  kidnappings " are n't for ransom . Rather , they 're an extension of the human smuggling industry , in which rival coyotes raid each other 's "  drop houses " and steal the cargo . That 's a serious crime , and yet it 's probably not what most people think about when they hear the word "  kidnapping . " Phoenix Police Chief Jack Harris , a vocal opponent of the immigration law , insists that he has the manpower to investigate each kidnapping . But , he warns , that could change if the portions of SB 1070 struck down by a federal judge come back to life like the mythical bird that shares the city 's name . If his officers have to make immigration enforcement their top priority , Harris said , other crimes will probably go unsolved . Then , the crime rate could soar . Right now , the crime rate in Phoenix is down . The Phoenix Police Department confirms it . "  Despite all the hype , " spokesman Trent Crump told the Wall Street Journal , "  in every single reportable crime category , we 're significantly down . " In the first quarter of 2010 , violent crime was down 17 percent in the city , while homicides were down 38 percent and robberies 27 percent , compared with the same time period in 2009 . The Federal Bureau of Investigation also confirms it . The number of violent crimes has fallen every year in Phoenix since 2006 , the FBI reports . It 's part of an overall trend in which , according to the bureau , crime rates are actually going down in cities that have large immigrant populations It 's pretty obvious that cynical politicians -- all of whom happen to be Republicans -- are exaggerating the fear factor to cover up what they recognize as some of the more unseemly motives of SB 1070 supporters . Although Heiler does n't deny that some of the folks who have rallied around the law are motivated by anxiety over changing demographics , he would n't admit that this has anything to do with race and ethnicity . But is n't that obvious ? For the past two decades , there has been a loud chorus of worry about how Latino immigrants are changing Phoenix -- and , according to some , not for the better . Those feelings did n't just go away . And the people who hold them are almost certainly part of the pro-1070 brigade . Not everyone who wants to get rid of illegal immigrants does so because he or she sees a connection to the drug cartels . In fact , most people just want to preserve the America they grew up with . Besides , if they really want to put drug dealers out of business , the best way is to support Mexican President Felipe Calderon , who has declared war on these criminal syndicates and yet vehemently opposes the Arizona law . Instead , Republican candidates for office are running TV ads in Arizona criticizing Calderon for criticizing the law . That makes absolutely no sense , just as it makes no sense for Arizona to crack down on illegal immigrants in the hopes that it will somehow get rid of drug dealers . Unless , of course , the real objective all along has been something much sneakier : to use the fear of drug dealers to get rid of illegal immigrants . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	Ruben Navarrette : Arizonans upset about drug violence , government 's inaction Defenders say law helps fight drug violence , he says , but crime down in Phoenix Governor said most illegals used as drug mules , he says , which is untrue Navarrette says scare tactics used to justify bias against ethnicity , fear of change
"  Star Wars " fans have suggested new movie titles -- "  Star Wars episode VII : Attack of the Mouse " -- and last minute Halloween costumes -- Jedi Mouseketeer for him and Disney Princess Leia for her -- since learning of the Walt Disney Co. 's $ 4 billion acquisition of Lucasfilm on Tuesday . But beyond the clever "  Star Wars " - Disney mashups , there appears to be a great deal of ambiguity surrounding the big merger and the announcement of "  Episode 7 . " Targeted for release in 2015 , "  Episode 7 " will kickoff a planned trilogy of live-action "  Star Wars " films , to be released "  every two to three years , " Disney said in a press release . Despite reports -- and the hopes of some passionate fans -- that George Lucas will simply serve as a consultant mapping out basic plotlines , we 're not yet sure how involved the "  Star Wars " creator and Lucasfilm founder will actually be in future installments . Though some fans are convinced that Lucas ' involvement , or lack thereof , will affect "  Episode 7 's " ability to return "  Stars Wars " to its pre - "  Phantom Menace " glory days . Social media goes wild over Disney + Star Wars Since the prequel trilogy turned some fans off , "  Star Wars " has introduced "  Star Wars : The Clone Wars , " the successful animated series that airs on Cartoon Network ; video games ; comic books and toys . "  There 's still a lot of rumbling discontent with the last three ` Star Wars ' films and the way the franchise  has gone  over the last five/six years in particular , " said Den of Geek editor Simon Brew . "  It 's been pillaged to an extent . " However , he added , "  If you have an interest in ` Star Wars ' on the big screen , than this is about as good a piece of news that 's come through in the last 30 years . " Gawker 's Drew Magary is n't sold . "  I do n't think I 'm alone in dreading the idea of paying another goddamn red cent for a ` Star Wars ' movie ticket after Lucas made three terrible movies and went back to monkeyfart with the older , better ones , ruining them in the process , " Magary wrote . "  Now the series is finally free from Lucas ' ambling , simplistic vision . " There is a lot of criticism directed at Lucas . Some of it is deserved and some of it is n't , Brew said , adding that there 's a sense that , by focusing on the business side more than the creative side , Lucas has "  been cheapening what he created . " Regardless , he says , the filmmaker 's genius is palpable . That said , "  taking  the impending films  away from his control and cutting them fresh would be the more positive way forward . ... It got to the point where  Lucas  held ` Star Wars ' back . ... There are so many new , interesting voices in science fiction , " Brew said . He pointed to franchises like "  Batman " and "  James Bond , " which he believes have flourished thanks to new voices . Whether Disney is able to do with Lucasfilm what they 've done with Pixar and Marvel , which earned more than $ 1 billion at the box office with this year 's "  The Avengers , " remains to be seen . But many fans agree that new screenwriters and a new director alone could aid the "  Star Wars " universe . A dedicated fan and webmaster at TheForce.net and RebelScum.com , Philip Wise said he "  could n't be happier " about the news and Lucas ' muted new role . "  The fans that care about the story a lot and the movies a lot are happy that  Lucas will  be creatively involved , and even more happy that he wont ' be actively involved in the directing and maybe even the writing , " he said . The potential for something great outweighs the potential for a train wreck at this point , Brew said . He noted Paramount 's success with J.J. Abrams ' "  Star Trek " in 2009 .  The sequel , "  Star Trek Into Darkness , " is due out in May 2013 . The worst case scenario of bringing a new "  Star Wars " trilogy to life , he added , is that we "  could end up pretty much where we already are , or halfway between the old films and the new films . " Gawker 's Magary compared his love for the franchise to "  rooting for a sports team that never wins anything  or more accurately , a sports team that won three titles 30 years ago and has n't won a game since  . " Disney knows how crucial "  Episode 7 " is , Brew said , specially with the promise of an additional two films in the bank . "  The potential at this point , " he said , "  is as pure as it 's been for awhile . "	On Tuesday , the Walt Disney Co. announced its $ 4 billion acquisition of Lucasfilm Reports state that George Lucas will simply serve as a consultant and map out basic plotlines Some fans say that taking control away from George Lucas will save the franchise
Sarasota , Florida  CNN  -- As children , they had a front row seat to history , - to an event they did not understand . Startled and confused , they watched after the president of the United States receive the news that their country was under attack by terrorists . Today , as teenagers , they 're reliving that moment with the death of the man who plotted those attacks , Osama bin Laden . "  It 's obviously a relief , " said Chantal Guerrero , 16 . "  I think justice was served , because to do something like that , to so many innocent people , is not a normal thing or a moral thing to do , " she said . "  I think the right call was made . " Chantal has lived with the specter of bin Laden since her once in a lifetime meeting with President George W. Bush was suddenly cut short by the September 11 , 2001 attacks . "  You could just tell on his face that something happened , " she said . "  I bet half of our class did n't even know what the World Trade Center was . I knew something not regular was going on . " The president came to Emma E. Booker Elementary School to tout education and celebrate the school 's rising reading scores . As the class was preparing to read "  The Pet Goat " to the president , Chief of Staff Andrew Card whispered in Bush 's ear that the United States was under attack . Minutes later , "  he had to excuse himself to leave and he left the classroom , " said Mariah Williams , 16 , a junior at Sarasota Military Academy . "  All of the kids were leaving early and there was a bunch of confusion and people scared and stuff . " The rest of the story is history . But the tale of 9/11 has been woven in and out of their young lives ever since that Tuesday in September of 2001 , when the president came to visit . "  I was really shocked because I did n't expect them to catch him at all because it 's been 10 years " Mariah Williams said of bin Laden . But what they also did n't expect was the fast track to maturity that has come with their place in history . Lenard Rivers is a junior defensive back on Sarasota High School 's football team . He was age 7 when he shook the president 's hand in 2001 . The events of that day made a lasting impression . "  I know that anything can happen at any moment and things can change real quick , " he said . For Guerrero , the almost-10-year saga , and her place in that classroom on that fateful day , was surreal and amazing , she said . "  I think it helped me realize and be a little more serious and learn how to deal with things more firsthand at a younger age , " she said . "  It gives me a better appreciation for authority in this country , like our military , at a younger age as well . " Guerrero is an honors student who 's looking forward to a career in music and dance . She says she will always remember that day , but Osama bin Laden 's death at the hands of Navy SEALs is not the end of the impact . "  Maybe it was a little bit of closure , but it 's not finished , because you 're never going to be able to bring back those people that those families lost , " she said . Guerrero has visited ground zero several times over the years , including about six months after the attacks . Her mother , Angeline Guerrero , thought that it was important to put that tragic day into perspective . The whole experience , she said , has helped her daughter grow up faster . "  She 's an achiever and I really think it has to do with the impact it had on those kids that were there , " Angeline Guerrero said . "  I think they just see the world differently . " But , she adds that the death of bin Laden is not the final chapter in this story , or in the war on terror . "  I do n't think it ends anything because I always think there are others out there , " she said . "  It ended him , but he still has people out there . I think it closed a chapter . "	"  I think justice was served , " says Chantal Guerrero , 16 President George Bush was at the elementary school in Florida on September 11 , 2001 The class was reading "  The Pet Goat " when Bush found out America was under attack Years later , some of the now teenagers say it changed their perspectives on life
CNN  -- The winner of the Nobel prize in economics will be announced Monday in Stockholm , Sweden . The prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel is awarded annually by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences and is worth 10 million Swedish kronor , or about about $ 1.47 million . The 2010 prize was awarded jointly to Peter A. Diamond of MIT , Dale T. Mortensen of Northwestern University and Christopher A. Pissarides of the London School of Economics and Political Science "  for their analysis of markets with search frictions . " The three received the prize for research on how economic policy affects the job market . Their theories "  help us understand the ways in which unemployment , job vacancies and wages are affected by regulation and economic policy , " the academy said . The three economists ' research focused on so-called "  frictions , " or impediments to trade , such as misinformation , cost of transportation or the disparity between companies ' and employees ' needs . The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences said that Diamond , Mortensen and Pissarides focused on how these frictions apply to unemployment , by focusing on the disconnect between employers and the unemployed . Part of the study examines why unemployment remains high when there are workers available to fill the job openings . Nobel prizes for peace , literature , chemistry , physics and physiology or medicine were awarded last week . The Nobel Peace Prize was awarded to three women , Ellen Johnson Sirleaf and Leymah Gbowee of Liberia and Tawakkul Karman of Yemen , on Friday "  for their nonviolent struggle for the safety of women and for women 's rights to full participation in peace-building work , " the committee said . Swedish poet Tomas Transtromer won the Nobel Prize in literature on Thursday . The Swedish academy said it gave the award to Transtromer "  because , through his condensed , translucent images , he gives us fresh access to reality . " On Wednesday , the prize in chemistry was awarded to Israeli scientist Daniel Shechtman . Shechtman is a professor at the Technion-Israel Institute of Technology and is known for his discovery of quasicrystals . On Tuesday , the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences named Saul Perlmutter from Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory and the University of California , Berkeley ; Brian P. Schmidt of Australian National University and Adam G. Riess of Johns Hopkins University and the Space Telescope Science Institute , the winners of the 2011 Nobel Prize in physics . They made the discovery that our universe apparently is expanding at an accelerating rate some 14 billion years after the Big Bang . On October 3 , the Nobel committee named Ralph Steinman , a biologist with Rockefeller University , and scientists Bruce A. Beutler and Jules A. Hoffmann , the winners of the 2011 Nobel Prize in physiology or medicine . The Nobel Prize for economic sciences has been awarded every year since 1969 , when it was established by Sweden 's central bank . The youngest laureate in economic sciences is Kenneth J. Arrow , who was 51 years old when he was awarded in 1972 . The oldest winner is Leonid Hurwicz , who was 90 years old when he was awarded in 2007 . He is also the oldest Laureate to be awarded the Nobel Prize in all areas .	The Nobel Prize for economic sciences has been awarded every year since 1969 It is worth 10 million Swedish kronor , or about about $ 1.47 million Prizes for peace , literature , chemistry , physics and medicine have been awarded
EW.com  -- The wait is almost over , Batman fans . Well , not really . "  The Dark Knight Rises " is still 45 days away , but if you want a seat on opening night , you better be prepared to rise up and order your tickets this Monday . Warner Bros. has announced that tickets for the much-anticipated conclusion to Christopher Nolan 's superhero epic will go on sale on the internet at noon on June 11 . According to AMC Theaters , which is planning a "  Dark Knight " marathon on the eve of the film 's release , "  The Dark Knight Rises " has a running time of two hours and 45 minutes . That 's 13 minutes longer than its predecessor and even three minutes longer than "  Avatar . " Do n't expect too many complaints from the franchise 's fanbase , though , especially those ordering tickets 39 days in advance . To them , Nolan could n't make this film long enough . See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Tickets for "  The Dark Knight Rises " will go on sale on the internet at noon on June 11 The much-anticipated conclusion to Christopher Nolan 's superhero epic is still 45 days away The Dark Knight Rises " has a running time of two hours and 45 minutes
CNN  -- If you 're sick of cheerful , happy people , it might be wise to avoid Hawaii or Napa , California . They were found to be the United States ' happiest state and city , respectively , in a recent study of geotagged tweets . Researchers at the University of Vermont sifted through more than 10 million geotagged tweets from 2011 to map out the moods of Americans in urban areas . They ranked the locations based on frequency of positive and negative words using the Mechanical Turk Language Assessment word list . The list includes 10,000 words that have been rated on a scale 1 to 10 according to how "  happy " they are . On the lower end of the scale are negative words such as mad , hate , no , boo , smoke and jail , as well as a colorful and thorough assortment of expletives . Happy words include the omnipresent LOL and haha , as well as good , nice , sleep and wine , and food or beach related words . According to the list , rainbow is one of the happiest words and earthquake is one of the saddest . Maine , Nevada , Utah and Vermont round-out the top five happiest states list , following rainbow and beach-filled Hawaii . Louisiana was found to be the saddest state , followed by Mississippi , Maryland , Michigan and Delaware . One reason for Louisiana 's low cheeriness ranking  they must not have measured during Mardi Gras  is its inhabitants ' fondness for profanity . The study , which was broken down by The Atlantic , also looked at the results for 373 urban areas to rank the happiest and least-happy cities . Vacation destination Napa , California , was determined to be one of the happiest cities along with Longmont , Colorado ; San Clemente , California ; Santa Fe , New Mexico ; and Santa Cruz , California . The five most bummed-out cities according to average word choices were Beaumont , Texas ; Albany , Georgia ; Texas City , Texas ; Shreveport , Louisiana ; and Monroe , Louisiana . Again , researchers found liberal use of swear words to be a key factor in a city 's overall happiness score . Coastal areas were more chipper than landlocked areas , and the cities with a higher density of tweets tended to be less happy . "  This suggests that cities with high technology adoption rates  as most geotagged tweets come from devices like smartphones  are in fact less happy than their less technological counterparts , " says the study . The researchers took their results and compared them against census data and found that wealthy areas tended to have higher happiness levels and that areas with high rates of obesity has lower happiness levels . They looked at obesity rates and food words to create lists of low and high-obesity words . The terms McDonalds , wings , ham and heartburn were popular in high-obesity areas , while words such as cafe , sushi , brewery and banana were more common in low-obesity areas . The research shows that social networks have a lot of promise for these types of surveys , and also that there are still some major limitations . Researchers point out that only 15 % of online adults are using Twitter , and those users do n't accurately represent the demographics of the United States . The group will once again dig into tweets for even more research once the 2012 census data is released .	Twitter survey : Hawaii is the happiest state and Napa , California , is the happiest city Researchers looked for happy and sad words to determine a location 's overall mood Beaumont , Texas , is the saddest city ; Louisiana is the most bummed out state
CNN  -- Two 5-year-old boys , one with autism , were having some friendly playtime when they had a communication breakdown . One boy did n't respond to the other and walked away . The ignored kid got frustrated and pushed over a small staircase , causing the first boy to fall . Their speech therapist , Jordan Sadler , decided to address the issue by recreating it in an iPad app called Puppet Pals . She restaged the scenario as a movie , even taking photos of the room for the background and of the kids for the characters . Using the app to show an instant replay of the scuffle , Sadler and the kids identified what went wrong and then recreated the scene , this time making better decisions . Creating custom stories to help kids learn communication skills or understand complex situations is just one of the ways parents , therapists and educators have taken advantage of tablets to work with kids with autism . How do you communicate with a loved one with autism ? Tablets as tools , not miracles When the iPad made its debut in 2010 , it was hailed as something of a miracle device and there was a rush among parents of kids with autism to get the $ 499 gadget . "  They were throwing them at their kids expecting miracles , but it did n't happen . The reason is they are tools , not miracles , " said Shannon Rosa , an author and former educational software producer who has written about using tablets with her own son , Leo , who has autism . "  I think a lot of parents now are more realistic about the level of support that is needed to help kids use them . " Four years later , tablets still play a big role in the autism community . But the expectations for the technology have come down to earth a bit . Now app creators , autism educators and parents are exploring new ways of using tablets and apps to work with the 1 in 68 kids in the U.S. with autism . They 've had time to discover what works best for kids with autism when it comes to tablets . The uses vary from child to child , and often the best apps are n't even created with kids with autism in mind . Rosa said it allows her son , now 13 , to think visually , to interact with content directly without the cognitive hurdle of a mouse , and it breaks complex concepts up into more easily understandable chunks . Siri is even helping him with articulation . The tablet has also given him more independence . Leo used to have a really hard time figuring out what to do with himself when someone did n't structure his day for him . Now he can use the iPad on his own and have a good time independently . Rosa , though , like many parents , is careful about letting her son have too much screen time . Sadler gives iPad workshops all over the country , teaching people about the most effective ways to use the device . She tries to move parents away from using mobile devices as a reward , letting children just play games or watch YouTube videos . She encourages parents to seek out dynamic apps that can help with the core challenges of autism while also being fun . "  It 's really important to learn and improve social communication skills , " said Sadler . "  But it has to be something that grabs them . " Mixing laughter and lessons Flummox and Friends is a hybrid of an app and a TV show for kids on the autism spectrum that seeks to be more than just educational or just entertaining . Released on the iPad in April , it 's a live-action comedy show that aims to educate children by being entertaining , not condescending . The main characters are inventors and their friends , and they 're written so children with autism can relate to them . They find themselves in tricky situations that they need to invent their way out of . The idea is to teach social and emotional skills through funny plots . Using pop-up prompts , the app sets up situations that kids with autism may have trouble with , such as anticipating someone else 's perspective , managing someone else 's emotions , and being flexible instead of being rigid . A scene might show some of the ways communications can break down , then walk the viewer through ways to fix the problem . "  Typically , how this stuff has been taught is giving kids scripts saying , ` Say this when you meet someone , ' " said the show 's creator , Christa Dahlstrom . "  It 's kind of suggesting  they  are n't doing this right and need to be normal . " Flummox and Friends is geared more toward acceptance , and Dahlstrom is interested in working with the kids whose minds are wired differently , not correcting them . The app reflects a larger shift in the community away from "  fixing " autism to accepting and embracing it . "  Technology  can make a profound difference to the kids with autism , but it 's not like it 's a cure for it , " Dahlstrom said . "  You 've got to stop thinking of this as a parental problem . " Dahlstrom , who has worked in learning design her whole career , has observed firsthand how her own 10-year-old son with autism learns and what he struggles with . She noticed that he tends to open up when people are laughing , having fun and quoting TV shows . After realizing comedy could be a great tool for reaching children with autism , she started a Kickstarter campaign to raise money for the first Flummox and Friends episode . The show is meant to appeal to 6 - to 12-year-olds , which is a slightly older audience than most autism apps . "  In terms of apps for kids with autism and special needs , there 's a lot of stuff for preschoolers . There 's not as much when you start going up to an older audience , especially when it comes to social skills , " she said . The multi-purpose rectangle Tablets have replaced a number of other tools for parents and educators , including handmade visual aids , expensive communication devices and , increasingly , TVs . The gadgets are a more affordable alternative to the dedicated augmented-communication devices some nonverbal kids use to communicate . Those can cost between $ 6,000 and $ 8,000 , but with a tablet , kids who are n't speaking can use voice-output apps instead . Teachers and therapists no longer have to slog through the mundane task of making visual tools . Making cue cards is a common technique when working with nonverbal children , but it requires taking photos , uploading them to computers , printing them out , laminating them , adding some velcro and sticking them on boards . The addition of a camera in the second version made the process even easier . "  It really sort of took us out of the dark ages in terms of how quickly we could make visual supports for the kids and how quickly kids could access what they wanted , " said Sadler . One thing that makes Flummox and Friends unusual is that it is a fully scripted TV show delivered as an app . Tablets give kids much more control than they have with a TV . They can hold a tablet in their hands and have a more intimate experience with a story or game . Watching clips and shows repeatedly is common among children with autism , and with tablets they can rewatch favorite segments over and over . "  We 've really started to see children 's media migrate from the TV screen to the iPad , " said Dahlstrom .	Four years after iPad debuted , the autism community is still exploring how to use tablets The new Flummox and Friends app is a comedy show that helps kids with social skills Tablets are popular with parents and educators , but not being used to full potential yet April is national Autism Awareness Month
CNN  -- A Russian cargo ship reported to be carrying arms to Syria is turning back , Britain 's top diplomat said Tuesday . "  I am pleased that the ship that was reported to be carrying arms to Syria has turned back apparently towards Russia , " British Foreign Secretary William Hague told the House of Commons . U.S. officials have said that the Russian operator Femco 's cargo ship , MV Alaed , was headed for Syria with attack helicopters and munitions for the al-Assad regime from the port of Kaliningrad . The vessel had been off the north coast of Scotland , according to ship tracking data . Hague commented on a ship during questions about the fighting in Syria during a wide-ranging House of Commons question-and-answer session about foreign policy . He did n't name the vessel . Syrian opposition uniting to topple al-Assad He mentioned the status of the ship when asked whether "  every peaceful diplomatic effort is being made to prevent the Syrian government from getting its hands on weapons that can be used against its own people . " Hague also cited a European Union arms embargo on Syria . "  We discourage anyone else from supplying arms to Syria , " he said . "  We have had discussions with Russia about that specifically . " He answered a question about how to approach the issue of chemical weaponry in Syria . Hague said that such weapons are a concern and that he 's "  confident that the international community " would pursue any action to deal with the issue , but he would n't elaborate . The Standard Club , a UK marine insurer , said it has stopped coverage for the Alaed . The withdrawal of coverage applies to the whole Femco fleet of eight vessels entered with the company , Standard Club officials said . Syria exposes cool spots in U.S.-Russia ties "  We were made aware of the allegations that the Alaed was carrying munitions destined for Syria and have already informed the ship owner that their insurance cover ceased automatically in view of the nature of the voyage , " the company told CNN on Monday . Femco declined to comment to CNN on Tuesday . The Alaed was proceeding southwest at a speed of 12 knots and was some 40 miles off the Scottish port of Thurso at 9 a.m. ET Monday . The data showed that it left Kaliningrad 10 days ago with a final destination of Vladivostok on July 24 . On Friday , U.S. officials said they were tracking a Russian military cargo ship , the Nikolay Filchenov , also thought to be bound for Syria . U.S. intelligence believes the Russians are sending the ship to help fortify a Russian naval base in Syria as the situation in the country continues to spiral out of control , Pentagon officials told CNN on Friday . RIA Novosti , Russia 's state-run news agency , denied the report Monday , citing a source in the Black Sea Fleet who said the Nikolay Filchenov remained docked at its base in Sevastopol . Syria has been engulfed in widespread unrest for more than 15 months . Thousands have died after a crackdown by the government of President Bashar al-Assad on peaceful protesters stoked an anti-regime uprising . Hague said that efforts to deal with the "  dire " situation have been focused on a "  peaceful political transition in Syria and to a cessation of violence . " "  At no stage have we been advocating a military intervention , but we do recognize the situation is so grave and deteriorating so quickly and such crimes are being committed , we can not take any options off the table at the moment . " Opinion : Why Putin ca n't be forced to deal	UK Foreign Secretary William Hague says the ship appears to be headed toward Russia He said Britain is discouraging anyone from supplying arms to Syria Chemical weapons in Syria are a concern , Hague said He says focus is on peaceful transition , but "  we can not take any options off the table "
EW.com  -- There are two ways for pop stars to make a Survivor Album : either power-sing through your problems like Christina Aguilera , or make like Rihanna and dance till you forget what you 're supposed to be getting over . On her first release since checking out of rehab , Demi Lovato wants to have it both ways . She 's front-loaded "  Unbroken " with leave-no-synth-effect-behind R&B  " You 're My Only Shorty , " featuring Iyaz  , shy love-in-this-club tracks  " Who 's That Boy "  , and Timbaland bangers  " All Night Long , " with Missy Elliott  . So it 's a little unnerving when she gets to the album 's second half -- the part where , as she told Ryan Seacrest , " I 'm singing about some issues that I 've never even spoken about before . " Having struggled with cutting since she was a preteen , Lovato admits , " I ended up with wounds to bind ... and I just ran out of Band-Aids " on the hugely affecting ballad " Fix a Heart . " Demi Lovato covers Lil Wayne 's ` How to Love ' in NYC : Watch it here The piano confessional " For the Love of a Daughter " finds her picturing herself at age 4 , begging her dad to " put the bottle down " and keep his " selfish hands " to himself . And then there 's " Skyscraper , " an anthem so honest you can hear her voice breaking . Taylor Swift teams with Hayley Williams in Nashville for ` That 's What You Get ' Clearly it 's been a tough year for Lovato . But as Rihanna could tell her , sometimes bad years make great songs . B + See full review at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Unbroken " is Demi Lovato 's first release since checking out of rehab She 's front-loaded "  Unbroken " with R&B , shy love-in-this-club tracks and Timbaland bangers " I 'm singing about some issues that I 've never even spoken about before , " she said
Hempstead , New York  CNN  -- President Barack Obama and Republican challenger Mitt Romney face off Tuesday in the second of their three debates , this one in a town hall-style setting in which they 'll take questions from likely voters . The stakes could n't be higher : Obama must get his campaign back on track after a poor performance in the first debate that left Democrats demoralized and Obama 's lead evaporating both in national polls and those in key battleground states . For Romney , who polls among voters showed won the first debate overwhelmingly , a second strong performance would boost his momentum going into the third debate next Monday and the final two weeks before Election Day . Here are five things to watch for on Tuesday : 1 . Connecting with the audience Unlike the first presidential showdown in Denver two weeks ago , this debate will include a town hall audience of approximately 80 undecided voters , some of whom will get the chance to ask questions to the two candidates . It 's a completely different dynamic than the first face-off between the president and the Republican nominee . "  The challenge is that they 've got to connect , not just with the people that are looking into the television and watching them , but to the people that are on the stage with them , " the debate 's moderator , CNN Chief Political Correspondent Candy Crowley , said . Get instant updates on CNN 's live blog "  They have to keep those folks in mind . It 's a much more intimate and up close adventure with voters . The candidate that makes a connection with the person asking the question is also making a better connection with the person back at home , " added Crowley , who 's also the host of CNN 's "  State of the Union . " With no podium to hide behind in Tuesday 's debate , the candidates ' style and body language will be in the spotlight . If you do n't think this matters , flash back 20 years to the first town hall-style presidential debate when then-President George H.W. Bush repeatedly checked his watch . It was a sign , some thought , that the incumbent would rather have been anywhere else than debating Democratic challenger Bill Clinton . The Arkansas governor highlighted his ability to connect to voters by walking towards the town hall audience when answering a question about the recession . Democratic strategist and CNN contributor Paul Begala , who was chief strategist for Clinton 's campaign , agrees with Crowley on the importance of connecting with the audience . "  If you do that -- with empathy , compassion , understanding and cool strength -- you will win the debate and the election , " said Begala , who 's a senior adviser for a pro-Obama super PAC . John King : Stakes enormous in second debate 2 . Find a warm place After a lackluster performance in the first debate , it 's obvious the president needs to step it up in Round 2 . Even Obama himself admits he was flat in the face-off in Denver , telling ABC News , "  I had a bad night . " The big question is how aggressive will the president be in this second showdown ? Obama needs to look like a fighter . The normally cool president needs to heat it up , but he ca n't come off looking overly aggressive or negative . That might smack of desperation . "  Do n't over-correct . Do n't go from being too passive in the first debate to too aggressive in the second , " Begala cautioned . "  You need the Goldilocks Strategy : Not as cool as the first debate , not as hot as Vice President Joe Biden . " Poll : Debate-watchers split on who won VP debate Making Obama 's task even tougher is the debate format . Many of the questions from the audience of undecided voters may focus on the president 's record the past four years , forcing Obama to defend himself in front of the crowd , before attempting to pivot to criticizing his GOP challenger . It 's a delicate dance . But Begala says Obama can learn from Biden 's performance at last week 's vice presidential debate by emulating "  Biden 's combination of facts with common sense . " And we 're also going to watch to see if the president plays the empathy card . "  Obama needs to connect the struggles and sacrifices his family made to the struggles families in the town hall audience are going through . Romney ca n't do that , " Begala added . Opinion : Do facts matter ? 3 . Getting women 's issues into the conversation Obama pollster Joel Benenson released a harshly worded memo on Monday attacking the Gallup organization over a new poll , released in tandem with USA Today , that showed Romney now tied with Obama among women voters . You read that right . After months of leading Romney by double digits among women , his lead among female voters has effectively vanished , if you believe that poll . Benenson savaged Gallup 's methodology and dismissed the poll as an outlier . He 's correct that no other survey has shown Romney performing that well among women . But for Chicago 's sake , he better be right . Along with his impenetrable lead among Hispanics and a near total hold on African-American voters , Obama has led Romney all year thanks to his robust support among women . If that disappears , so do the president 's re-election hopes . What does this mean for Tuesday night ? Women-specific issues -- topics like abortion , contraception , child care , education -- did not come up at length in the first Obama-Romney showdown . Obama ad 's Planned Parenthood focus They did in the vice presidential debate , however , and Romney running mate Paul Ryan scored poorly among women in debate-watching focus groups when he explained Romney 's opposition to abortion rights . If Obama hopes to lock in his lead among women , he must find a way to get issues like abortion and contraception in the spotlight in order to draw a sharp contrast with Romney . 4 . Strong performance pays off -- literally A strong debate showing does n't just move numbers , it raises money . Romney 's energetic performance in Denver -- which voters judged as a clear win , polls showed -- accomplished something very important for the Republican nominee . In short , his supporters now like him . Test yourself : Debate trivia Before the debate , according to a Washington Post/ABC News poll out Monday , fewer than half of Romney supporters said they were "  very enthusiastic " about his candidacy . Today , the "  very enthusiastic " number is up to 62 % among likely voters . That 's crucial for Romney , who needs a fired-up base of supporters to show up on Election Day . But the more immediate post-debate impact was financial : Romney raised more than $ 12 million online in the 48 hours after Denver , his campaign announced just a few days after the debate . And if a campaign is rolling out fundraising data before the federal deadline for financial reports , you know they 're feeling good . On top of that , the campaign said it raised $ 27 million online from low-dollar contributors in the first two weeks of October . Strong debate leads to fund-raising windfall for Romney That 's good money for a campaign currently engaged in an all-out television ad blitz in key swing states . Both campaigns are in the process of emptying their war chests for the final three-week push before Election Day . A burst of online donations means an extra TV ad here and a final volley of mail pieces there . In a race this tight , every little bit counts . 5 . Watch out for the wild card The economy is still issue No. 1 for voters in this election . Foreign policy and national security have also crept into the discussion , with tensions in the Middle East slightly eroding Obama 's edge over Romney on the commander-in-chief question . But unlike in the previous two debates , when editorial control rested in the hands of the moderator , Monday 's debate is a town-hall style forum , in which the audience , about 80 undecided voters from Nassau County , will be the ones generating questions for the candidates . That means there 's a real chance Obama and Romney will have to talk about something that might not have come up in their exhaustive debate prep sessions . A question on affirmative action ? Funding for AIDS-relief efforts overseas ? Guns ? NFL head-trauma ? Is that Brody guy from "  Homeland " really a terrorist ? Theoretically , anything is on the table . The moderator , Candy Crowley , and her team will have final say over the submitted questions . But with regular people in the mix , there 's always potential for a wild card that could throw one or both of the candidates off his game . Are you voting ? Tell us why on CNN iReport	How well candidates connect with audience members could affect outcome Obama must overcome passive first performance without overdoing it Women 's issues are one area Obama must exploit if he wants to maintain their support Strong debate will result in flood of contributions , much needed in stretch run ad blitz
CNN  -- It started out with a discussion about how low cost airlines are now the backbone of European aviation , and the different types of service and service they offer . FULL COVERAGE : Business Traveller It has quickly grown into something more ambitious . Six flights in two days . From London to Dortmund , Budapest to Rome , Copenhagen to Barcelona , and back to London . Six flights . Five airlines , all carefully timed to allow for delays and problems . READ MORE : Tablets transform flights The five airlines I will fly are easyJet , Ryanair , Wizz , Vueling , Norwegian  we could n't really fit in any more in a weekend , the schedules did n't allow it  . I will be tweeting along the way about whether the airline is on time , its service , the cost of a cup of coffee ... and I will have my tape measure with me for that all-important leg room . READ MORE : Private jets within reach ? So , do you have any other ideas of what I should be looking for ? What would you like to know on this Low Cost Tour ? Ask me @richardquest . WATCH : Preparing planes for bad weather READ MORE : Air Canada goes ` Gangnam ' READ MORE : Gulf airlines shake up aviation alliances	CNN 's Richard Quest is flying on low cost airlines around Europe Watch Quest Means Business to find out what he thinks Tweet Richard Quest to tell him what you want to know
CNN  -- The U.S. government confirmed Friday the arrest of a U.S. citizen in Syria , a State Department official said . Consular access has not been provided , said the official , who asked not to be identified because of the sensitivity of the situation . Abdelkader Chaar , 22 , is thought to have been arrested in Aleppo , Syria , on January 8 . Chaar was born in Syracuse , New York , moved to Aleppo with his parents when he was a boy and is currently a medical student at Aleppo University , his uncle said . His family has not been told why he was arrested , said Sam Chaar , who spoke to CNN from Arizona . His family has been in contact with the U.S. Embassy in Damascus and has reached out to Sen. Charles Schumer of New York , the elder Chaar said . News of the arrest surfaced as anti-government ferment raged in the country . Protesters on Friday focused their attention on political prisoners and demanded the release of detainees . At least 10 people were slain in clashes Friday , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , an opposition activist group . For more than 10 months , Syria has been in the throes of an anti-government public uprising and a brutal security crackdown against protesters . The United Nations last month estimated well over 5,000 deaths have occurred since mid-March . Opposition groups estimate more than 6,000 people have died . Also , the Arab League is considering an extension of its monitoring mission to see if the government is adhering to an agreement to end the violence . The Arab League has called on President Bashar al-Assad 's regime to stop violence against civilians , free political detainees , remove tanks and weapons from cities and allow outsiders , including the international news media , to travel freely around Syria . CNN 's Jeremy Ryan contributed to this report .	NEW : Consular access has not been provided , a State Department official says Abdelkader Chaar , 22 , is a medical student in Syria , says his uncle The family has not been told why Chaar was arrested The United States is in touch with Syrian authorities
Editor 's note : Peter Bregman is chief executive of Bregman Partners Inc. , a global management consulting firm , and the author of "  Point B : A Short Guide to Leading a Big Change " . He writes a weekly column , How We Work , for HarvardBusiness.org . Peter Bregman says good times persuaded people to sacrifice what they loved for money . NEW YORK  CNN  -- I started my consulting business 11 years ago with a laptop computer in a living room . It grew quickly . The first year I made more money than I had in the previous three combined , the second year I doubled that and by the third year I began to fantasize about retiring within the decade . Then everything crashed ; the dotcom revolution , the financial services industry and my business . I had a large number of subcontractors and a small number of employees who had become friends . I also had a bad feeling things would n't turn around quickly . My wife and I were in a tough spot . We had one child and another on the way , bills that were accumulating and hopes for the future that were moving out of reach . However bad it was then , these days it 's worse . Back then the recession hit certain sectors and left other ones alone . Home prices were going up , so people felt protected , and there were loans to help . Today , everything 's been hit , nothing 's going up and credit is frozen . Many have already lost jobs , homes , self-identities , luxuries and necessities . And there 's more to come . That 's especially true for many older Americans , who might not have 10 years to recover and who do n't have sources of income other than their savings -- which have dwindled dramatically . They do n't deserve to live with the fear they now feel . I 'm still living in a rental apartment because I did n't want to take out a loan I could n't pay back . I saved money . Invested it . And now my investments are down 70 percent . But it is what it is . And when we wake up in the morning we are left with the question , "  Now what ? " It 's actually a great question , because in a situation in which we 've lost control , it gives us a little back . "  Now what ? " means we have a choice , in this moment , to do something . What 's it going to be ? I think it 's a mistake to try to rebuild what we 've lost . We have less now and I think we can do better with less . Having less forces choices . And consciously making those choices can bring us closer to the things we care about . Which can make a poorer life richer than a rich one . Because the research is clear . Above a basic threshold , more money does n't make us happier . But we think it will , so we do all sorts of things that make us unhappy in order to get it . A senior leader in an investment bank called to tell me she was leaving her job . She realized she would n't make much money in the next few years and did n't want to miss her children growing up . Did you get that ? She was willing to miss her children growing up if the money was good enough . People act in ways they 'd rather not in order to make money that does n't make them happy . Maybe , if we do this downturn right , we can get out of that cycle . So , what makes you happy ? Is it spending time with people you love ? Working on a pet project ? Having the time to exercise ? Being part of a community and feeling cared for ? Knowing the answer enables you to make decisions that will prioritize those things . Of course , losing money can break people apart ; we fight about money , people lose jobs and get depressed ; tension rises as mortgage bills sit on the kitchen table unpaid ; resentment builds when one person does n't live up to his own and others ' expectations . But I am also seeing the opposite . Losing money can bring you closer to your values ; can actually bring people together . It 's hard to appreciate in the midst of our loss , but embracing the forced reduction in lifestyle can be positive . I know of a couple whose marriage was saved when they moved from a bigger house into a smaller one and actually began talking to each other again . Last weekend , two people had a beautiful wedding in Central Park surrounded by family and friends , months before they had planned , avoiding thousands of dollars of expenses and all the tension that goes with it . Why ? Because she lost her job and needed to get onto his health insurance . Friends of mine held their daughter 's bat mitzvah at another friend 's house , avoiding tremendous expense while creating the warmest community celebration , filled with gratitude and tears , that I have ever seen . In 2003 , after my business crashed , my wife and I decided to move to Savannah , Georgia , where she grew up and life was much cheaper . Had my business continued to grow we could never have afforded to make that choice . When the business crashed , we could n't afford not to . While there , we spent priceless time with her family , had another child , made lifelong friends and rebuilt my business -- this time very differently . I love consulting and writing and speaking , but the bigger the business became , the less I did those things and the more I managed others doing it . Eventually we returned to New York . Now I 'm back to a laptop in a living room and I love it again . It 's smaller , more sustainable and a lot more fun . And I have the time to spend with my family and friends . My fantasy is no longer to retire ; it 's to keep doing what I 'm doing for as long as I can . Life is not a linear path of increasing wealth , accumulation and achievement . Do n't let the money crisis draw you apart from people you love and things you love to do . Use it to draw you closer . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peter Bregman .	Peter Bregman : In the boom , people sacrificed their joys for more money He says beyond a certain point , money does n't increase happiness Bregman : Use hard times to evaluate what makes you happy and pursue it
Atlanta  CNN  -- Atlanta Falcons defensive end John Abraham was arrested late Monday , accused of obstructing police and firefighters at the scene of an attempted suicide . He is the second player from the Atlanta football team to be arrested in a week . Running back Michael Turner was booked for driving under the influence on September 18 . Abraham entered an area responders had cordoned off with crime scene tape , while trying to talk down a woman who was threatening to jump from a floor of a high-rise hotel , said Atlanta Police spokesman John Chafee . A firefighter ordered the football player repeatedly to leave the scene , Chafee said . But Abraham refused , even when police intervened . "  He again refused and insisted on continuing further into the scene , " Chafee said . "  Officers then took Mr. Abraham into custody . " He was charged at the county jail with two misdemeanor counts of obstruction . Abraham 's relationship with the woman , if any , was not immediately clear . According to CNN affiliate WSB , the woman did not jump and was taken to a local hospital . The Atlanta Falcons issued a statement saying it was aware of the incident but declined to comment .	Falcons defensive end refused to leave a taped off area John Abraham is the second Falcons player arrested in a week Abraham was charged with two misdemeanor counts of obstruction
CNN  -- Manchester City announced a deal with Etihad Airways on Friday which will see the English football club rename their home stadium . As a result of the 10-year agreement , the Premier League team 's ground will be called the Etihad Stadium and large parts of the surrounding area will now be known as the Etihad Campus . The Abu Dhabi-based airline has also extended its shirt sponsorship deal with last season 's FA Cup winners , which began in May 2009 . "  The City of Manchester Stadium will be renamed the Etihad Stadium effective immediately , " read a statement on the club 's official web site . "  Etihad Airways has extended its shirt sponsorship deal reflecting an increased media value due to the club 's improved on-pitch performance in the 2010-11 season . " Roberto Mancini 's team achieved a third-place finish in the domestic table , qualifying for the European Champions League for the first time in the club 's history . The FA Cup triumph represented City 's first trophy in 35 years . City 's chief executive officer Gary Cook hailed the agreement as a sign of the team 's continued development . "  We are delighted to be expanding our relationship with Etihad Airways through this comprehensive partnership agreement , " he said . "  Most importantly , in addition to delivering significant revenue at a key stage in the club 's evolution , the agreement creates exciting opportunities for our two organizations to cooperate more deeply commercially and on media and community initiatives in the future . " The deal with Etihad has seen the two-time English champions further strengthen their links with the United Arab Emirates , after the club was taken over by Abu Dhabi billionaire Sheikh Mansour Bin Zayed Al Nahyan in August 2008 . On the pitch , City this week completed the signings of France left-back Gael Clichy from Arsenal and Serbia defender Stefan Savic from Partizan Belgrade .	Manchester City have announced a 10-year naming rights agreement with Etihad Airways The deal means the City of Manchester Stadium is now known as the Etihad Stadium The Abu-Dhabi based airline has also extended shirt sponsorship agreement Last season was City 's most successful campaign since the mid-1970s
CNN  The next phase in the underwater search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 has begun . The GO Phoenix search vessel arrived in the search area in the southern Indian Ocean and started its search Monday morning  Sunday evening ET  , the Australian Transport Safety Board  ATSB  said . It marks the beginning of a potentially year-long search operation , spearheaded by Australian authorities . The ship , and two others which will arrive within the month , will conduct detailed sonar sweeps in an attempt to locate wreckage of the plane . The disappearance of MH370 is arguably the greatest mystery in the history of commercial flight , with an extensive search failing to turn up a single piece of definitive evidence of its whereabouts . Here 's where we are with the search for MH370 . What happened initially ? Around 1:30 a.m. on March 8 , air traffic controllers in Subang , outside Kuala Lumpur , lost contact with Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 , a Boeing 777-200ER , over the sea between Malaysia and Vietnam . The plane 's transponder , which identifies the aircraft and relays details like altitude and speed to controllers , stopped transmitting , and the passenger jet seemingly disappeared without a trace . Planes and ships from 14 countries initially searched areas of the South China Sea , the south of Vietnam and the Malaysian peninsula . The search was then widened and then shifted location as it was determined , through careful analysis of aircraft performance , cross-referenced with data from the Immarsat "  handshakes , " that the plane diverted south . Since then resources have been focused on a swathe of the Indian Ocean , around 2000 km  1242 miles  off the west coast of Australia , the so-called "  seventh arc . " Continued analysis of the satellite data , along with a better understanding of the communication between aircraft and satellite and of aircraft performance limits has enabled investigators to further refine the search areas . Although search teams have been focusing along the seventh arc or "  partial handshake , " where investigators believe the aircraft ran out of fuel , for months , it 's only within the past several weeks that investigators have shifted their focus further south . It is in this area that GO Phoenix has begun its underwater search . What has been done in the Indian Ocean so far ? After seven weeks of intense but fruitless searching , the international air effort to find the plane ended in late April , shifting the focus to an underwater search . Hopes were raised in May as radio beacon signals -- "  pings " -- were thought to have been detected , but the area where the pings were thought to originate from was discounted in May . Since the active search was postponed , the Australian government has been creating an accurate survey of the sea floor in the search area . One ship , from Dutch surveying company Fugro , continues to map the underwater topography . To date , over 111,000 square kilometers of the wide search area have been analyzed and mapped by the Australian government and its contractors . The existing data for the sea floor in that area is at a very low resolution , says Stuart Minchin , head of the Environmental Geoscience Division of Geoscience Australia , the agency overseeing the mapping process . Getting an accurate picture is crucial as the drones that will be conducting the underwater sonar search in the upcoming phase will need to be guided with precision to avoid damage . "  In the second phase of the search , which involves towing devices close to the sea bed to get a very fine resolution picture of what 's down there it 's important to have that level of detail so we do n't run into objects , " he said . "  It 's a long way from shore at very significant depths so it 's a logistical challenge . It 's unprecedented in terms of doing a survey of this size and in this remote location . " It has been an involved , long and difficult process -- back in March , Mark Binskin , vice chief of the Australian Defence Force , said "  We 're not searching for a needle in a haystack , we 're still trying to define where the haystack is . " Authorities are confident that they have accurately identified the correct search areas now . Martin Dolan , Chief Commissioner and CEO of the ATSB , the agency leading the search , told CNN 's David Molko that , should satellite analysis have led his team to the right spot , the current technology would locate aircraft wreckage . "  What we 'd say is we 've probably limited it to a small number of haystacks , and we have very good techniques for detecting needles in those haystacks , " he said . "  We have high confidence that if we 've got the right haystack , we 'll find the needle in it . " In a statement , the ATSB also said that the enhanced data from the detailed mapping will greatly assist the search teams . "  The recently acquired  underwater survey  data has revealed many of these seabed features for the first time , " the statement read . The survey also reveals finer features that were not visible in previous , low-resolution survey data . At the request of the Malaysian government , the Australian government -- in particular the ATSB -- has been tasked with leading what will almost certainly turn out to be a long , painstaking search . "  The complexities surrounding the search can not be understated , " the ATSB says . "  It involves vast areas of the Indian Ocean with only limited known data and aircraft flight information . " What happens next ? The Australian government said in August that it has picked Fugro Survey , a Dutch company for the mapping and the next phase of undersea search , along with a vessel , the GO Phoenix , supplied by the Malaysian government . The latter arrived at its assigned search zone late Sunday and deployed towed sonar to begin the search on Monday . It will conduct search activity for 12 days before going to Fremantle , in western Australia , for resupply . The search vessel will be joined by the two Dutch ships , the Fugro Discovery and the Fugro Equator , later in the month . The Equator is currently finishing up detailed mapping of the search zones . "  The current plan envisages that we will progressively cover our priority search areas over the course of about a year , " the ATSB 's Dolan told CNN by phone . What we know is that the aircraft will be found close to the arc , the final attempt at communication between the aircraft systems and ground stations . We 've done progressively more refined and detailed analysis of the other satellite information that has enabled us to prioritise  search areas  along that arc . "  We have a high probability that the aircraft will be found at the southern end of that long arc . We now know in considerable detail what almost all of the search area looks like , we 've mapped these in detail . We can tow our sonar equipment about 100 meters  329 ft  from the ocean floor in confidence that we wo n't run into any unexpected obstacles . " What happens if/when the wreckage is found ? Dolan says that it largely depends on where , and how , the plane is found . The Australian contingent , he says , is still discussing plans with their Malaysian colleagues on how to proceed in the event of a positive identification of plane wreckage . "  If you have a debris field identified , to be able to know what to do with it requires careful mapping and photographing , which will take up to a month , " he says . "  Until we 've got that largely completed we wo n't understand the sequence of what we 're able to do in relation to wreckage and human remains . " What happens if they do n't find it within the current search timetable ? There is AUS $ 60 million  $ 52.8 mil  earmarked by the Australian government for mapping and underwater search , and Australian expenditure is to be matched by Malaysian government . It is a significant resource upon which to draw , Dolan says . However , "  if at the end of that we have n't found the aircraft , then it 's really going to be a matter for governments to decide what 's next what resources they might wish to supply and I ca n't really preempt what that discussion might be . " A new air of "  cautious optimism " pervades the search teams , yet it seems that there are still plenty of uncertainties to overcome before the MH370 mystery is finally put to rest . CNN 's David Molko contributed to this report	Next phase of search operations starts with GO Phoenix Search follows intensive sonar mapping of huge area of seabed in southern Indian Ocean MH370 disappeared without a trace over six months ago Even after an intensive search , nothing was found
LONDON , England  CNN  -- After a week when he could not be traced , Egyptian striker Amir Zaki is back at his Premier League club side Wigan Athletic in northern England . Wigan and Egypt striker Amir Zaki has mended relations with his club manager . According to Wigan manager Steve Bruce the two have patched up their differences after he launched a verbal tirade against the 26-year-old striker . Zaki told Al-Hayat TV that the pair "  ended up laughing " about his absence -- when he failed to return from international duty and had a hamstring strain which no one knew the seriousness of . But , it was n't all laughs a week ago . On Wigan 's club Web site , Bruce had said of Zaki : "  I just feel it 's time that we went public on just what a nightmare he has been to deal with . I can honestly say that in all my time in football I have never worked with someone as unprofessional . "  I have already fined him the maximum allowed but this just seems to have no effect , " Bruce said . After giving Zaki a fine for his misdemeanor the Wigan manager also revealed it was the fourth time he had gone AWOL after international duty . Are players selling their fans and clubs short when they go AWOL ? How do you think should they be punished by clubs ? Zaki 's case certainly is n't the first high profile instance of a player going missing . Inter Milan striker Adriano sparked kidnap fears after failing to return earlier this month , following a World Cup qualifier in South America . It was not the first time the Brazilian had failed to report back to his club following international duty . After a two-week absence , Adriano later announced he was taking a break from professional football at a news conference in Brazil . He told reporters : "  I 've lost the happiness of playing . I would n't like to go back to Italy , I want to live in peace here in Brazil . "  I do n't know if I 'm going to stay for one , two or three months without playing . I 'm going to rethink my career . " Other notable cases include Nigerian forward Ayegbeni Yakubu , who failed to return to club duty at Premier League side Everton after the African Cup of Nations last year . When he returned to Everton , Yakubu was hit with a maximum # 80,000 fine . Manager David Moyes said at a news conference at the time : ` Yakubu 's back in it now . That episode has ended . He let us down by not coming back . But it 's over and we 've moved on . " German club Schalke fined defender Rafinha a record $ 1million for making an unauthorized trip to the Beijing Olympic Games and spending a total of 35 days away . One of the most bizarre examples was that of Moroccan defender Youssef Rossi , who surprised everyone when he returned to training at Dunfermline Athletic a year after having his wages stopped by the Scottish club . Rossi had previously gone AWOL from the club and returned to training with Raja Casablanca back in his homeland .	Egyptian striker Amir Zaki was AWOL after failing to return to Wigan Wigan manager Steve Bruce described Zaki as "  unprofessional " Adriano went AWOL for two weeks and later said he was taking a break from football How do you think AWOL players should be punished by their clubs ?
CNN  Last week , California Gov. Jerry Brown ordered mandatory statewide restrictions on water use for the first time in the state 's history . His action was driven by a specific crisis unique to California at the moment -- the severe drought now in its fourth year there -- but it has significance for the whole nation . As it has in the past , California is leading the way in recognizing that population and economic growth has to respect the physical limits imposed by planet Earth . California developed the infrastructure and system of legal rights it uses to distribute water at a time when the population was much smaller than it is today -- and when the climate was in an unusually wet phase , historically speaking . This led to a system that all but encourages heavy water use in dry parts of the state , with little consistency in allocation or pricing and little disincentive to waste . This has never made a lot of sense , but the new measures are the strongest acknowledgment yet that it just is n't tenable today in a serious drought . As for the drought : It wo n't be the last , and surely wo n't be the worst to come in the remainder of this century . Brown 's measures may be temporary , but we can hope that they 'll be a step toward a more permanent reformation of the state 's water distribution system -- one that includes large agricultural users , who are not included in the current measures , although they are the dominant consumers of California 's water . How the drought affects rest of the nation What California does now has global significance : Lack of clean fresh water is a serious problem in much of the world . On the Indian subcontinent , where supply ca n't meet the demands of rapid development , groundwater is being depleted much as it is in California , and is an equally unsustainable practice in both places . And my colleagues at Columbia recently published a study arguing that drought in Syria was one of the causes of the ongoing war there . They also presented strong evidence that the Syrian drought was in part attributable to human-induced climate change -- in itself , another physical constraint the planet places on growth . Our energy systems , like our water systems , are not sustainable . Is the California drought a consequence of climate change ? A recent National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration report for which my colleague Richard Seager was lead author , argued that it is n't  though the authors acknowledge that global warming makes the drought worse by increasing evaporation from the soil  . California , and southwestern North America , indeed saw worse "  megadroughts " in the pre-Columbian past , long before any humans burned fossil fuels . At the same time , the latest projections are that the odds of such megadroughts are increasing with warming . So we 're left with a complex picture , one typical of many extreme weather events . We know that human-induced climate change is increasing the risk that an event such as this will happen , while at the same time we ca n't strongly blame climate change for the specific event happening right now . Does it matter whether the drought is climate-change-induced or not ? From a pragmatic public relations perspective , maybe . Extreme weather events make people aware that we are all vulnerable to them , and media coverage can draw attention to the scientific evidence that climate change is increasing the risks . At least in principle , this awareness can help to build the constituency for reducing greenhouse gas emissions . I lived in Australia for a year in 2007-08 when the country was well into a drought that lasted about a dozen years -- and that led to water restrictions in nearly all the country 's major cities . Though the role of greenhouse gases in that drought was n't clear either , the hardship nonetheless made Australians much more concerned about climate change than Americans were at the time . Polls showed that the issue played a significant role in the national elections held during my year there , with a climate-denialist government falling to a much more climate-proactive one  though the pendulum has since swung back  . But being able to blame climate change for a specific extreme weather event should n't be the only thing to spur action on reducing greenhouse gases . Whether we 're talking about a drought in California , a hurricane on the East Coast , a flood in the Midwest or a tornado outbreak on the Plains , the connection of a single event to climate change is likely to be the subject of legitimate scientific controversy . The reality and seriousness of human-caused global warming , however , is n't . The scientific case that human emissions of greenhouse gases are changing the climate , and that these changes pose serious risks to humans and other species , does n't rest on single-event attribution , but rather on the statistics of large sets of weather events . That big picture is what should motivate us . And when it comes to our getting better prepared for the degree of climate change that is inevitable , in many cases it matters even less to what extent a given weather event was human-induced vs. natural . California could have had this drought , and worse , without global warming . Similarly , sea level rise is increasing the risk of coastal floods , but cities such as New Orleans , New York and many others were  and are  too vulnerable already . Because really extreme events are by definition rare , most places have n't seen the worst nature can deliver , even without climate change , in their recent histories . So our development planning has tended to proceed under the assumption that that worst wo n't happen , leaving us with infrastructures that are n't properly adapted even to the current climate . Many of the measures we need to take to close that gap -- such as making California 's water distribution system less wasteful , or New York 's subways more flood-proof -- will also help to prepare us for the new climates to come . They may not be enough , in the long term , but they 're a start . We call these "  no-regrets " measures , because they are good ideas regardless of how rapidly or slowly global warming proceeds . If California can teach the rest of us something about how to design and implement such measures for water , it will be an upside to what otherwise is nothing but a slow-moving disaster .	Adam Sobel : California 's steps against drought are a preview for rest of U.S. and world Tying climate change to weather does n't rest on single extreme event , Sobel says The big picture should spur us to prepare for new climates by fixing infrastructure , he says
London  CNN  -- UK authorities faced growing questions Saturday after passengers arriving at London 's Heathrow Airport faced long lines at passport control . Waits of up to three hours were reported on Thursday night for non-European Union arrivals . More delays at immigration control were seen Friday night , according to UK media reports . The British Airports Authority  BAA  , which runs Heathrow , said recent delays had been unacceptable but that it had no control over passport control . "  Immigration is a matter for the Home Office . Immigration waiting times during peak periods at Heathrow recently have been unacceptable and we have called on the Home Office to address the problem as a matter of urgency , " a spokeswoman said . "  There is n't a trade-off between strong border security and a good passenger experience -- the Home Office should be delivering both . " There were queues of around an hour on Saturday morning , a BAA spokeswoman said , but lines appeared to be moving faster midday Saturday . The head of the UK Border Force , Brian Moore , defended its performance . "  We will not compromise border security but we always aim to keep disruption to a minimum by using our staff flexibly to meet demand , " he said in a statement . "  The vast majority of passengers pass through immigration control quickly . Queues are caused by a number of factors , including incorrect flight manifests or early or late planes which result in bunching . "  The important factor is to have staff that are flexibly deployed in the right numbers at the right times and this is what we always try to do . " Moore said the agency was working with BAA to monitor flight arrivals and passenger movements for the rest of the weekend . The delays have caused heightened concern because London is preparing to receive large numbers of additional visitors in July and August when it hosts the Olympic Games . Leo Lourdes , from London , told CNN he fears this is a recurring problem at Heathrow after experiencing long delays on two journeys through Terminal 5 this month . Returning from a business trip to Germany Friday evening , he was greeted by "  massive , massive queues that stretched all along the corridors " and scenes of confusion as bewildered passengers were herded into line . Three hours later , he finally made it to the front of the queue , where he saw only a few desks manned , he said . Many people around him seemed to be angry or disappointed by their welcome to the United Kingdom , especially with so many signs on display heralding the London 2012 Olympic Games , he said . On April 10 he was met by a similar scene when he returned from a holiday in Costa Rica , Lourdes said . "  It was ridiculous , so slow , " he said . "  I know these days they have to be very stringent on security but there also seems to be a slight lack of customer responsiveness . " Passenger Chris Windebank also experienced long delays Thursday when he arrived back at Heathrow 's Terminal 5 from a business trip to Berlin . He told CNN was yelled at by Heathrow security staff to "  get to the end the queue " and when he questioned what was going on was told "  we do n't know . " When he made it to the passport control for the EU , he found many of the desks unmanned , he said . There was "  no explanation , no apology . I felt I was treated like commodity , not a valued customer of the airport . " His experience at Heathrow compared very badly to the efficiency he saw at Berlin , Windebank said , and "  will kill business for Britain unless it is fixed . " Alastair Campbell , the former Downing Street communications chief under Labour Prime Minister Tony Blair , tweeted Thursday : "  If this is what Heathrow T5 border queue is like on an average Thursday Olympic athletes should think about coming soon . " He said European Union passport holders were waiting just under an hour to get through immigration control , while non-EU passport holders were queuing for as long as three hours . Only three or four staff were on duty to process EU arrivals and three for non-EU arrivals , he said . Politician Keith Vaz , who chairs the Home Affairs Committee , told the BBC that Immigration Minister Damian Green had been summoned before the committee to explain what was happening . Moore said the agency would be ready for the extra demand expected during the Olympic Games . "  We are fully prepared to manage busy periods during the Olympics and will be implementing our well rehearsed plans . " Heathrow , one of Europe 's busiest airports , is building a special terminal to be used by departing athletes and officials for the three days after the Olympic Games ends . An extra 40,000 passengers are expected on August 13 , the day after the Games finishes , compared with a normal day , BAA said in a statement . CNN 's Jo Shelley contributed to this report .	NEW : Arriving passenger was greeted by "  massive , massive queues , " much confusion UK Border Force says it will not compromise security but is seeking to minimize disruption The operators of Heathrow Airport say it is down to the government to act Olympic athletes and officials will depart from a special terminal after the Games
MUSOMA , Tanzania  CNN  -- Lizzie Cameron is in Musoma , Tanzania working with the Musoma Engineering Project . Claire 's 10th birthday : "  I taught them how to play pin the tail on the donkey , although we replaced a donkey with a zebra , and I baked Claire a birthday banana cake . " The Musoma Engineering Project is the only charity of its kind in the region and aims to provide teaching and support for local disabled children and teenagers . With the project Lizzie will be helping the teachers teach skills like woodworking , leatherwork and dressmaking . Follow her experiences in her blogs and video diaries . November 14 , 2007 When I signed up to work at the Musoma Engineering Project I was given the option of living in my own house or with a local family . I was really unsure of which to choose but decided to live with Dennis and his family . I made this decision because I thought it would be good to experience how a Tanzanian family live and I also hoped that Dennis would take me under his wing , so to speak , and look out for me if I got into any trouble or encountered any problems . After being here for two months I have no doubt that I made the right decision . I really have been made to feel like part of the family and welcomed into their home as if it were my own . What I 've found really interesting is seeing the daily routines and how they differ to back home . Simple activities like cooking , cleaning , shopping , etc. are all performed quite differently to the Western world . I had anticipated that the food would be different , but if anything I 've been pleasantly surprised by what is on offer here . One thing I like is that you really know where your food has come from . If you want to eat chicken , you point to the one you want then kill it and pluck it yourself . If you want fish , a local fisherman will drop off his daily catch at your house . Nothing is processed , artificial or vacuum packet . If I was living on my own I would have been surviving on fruit and veg for a year , as I had no idea how to gut a fish or skin a chicken . The girls have also taught me how to make chapattis and other traditional Tanzanian dishes . I had n't thought about how I would wash my clothes for example . I did n't think they would have washing machines , but I had n't really thought it through . So every Sunday I fill my basin up with water , some soap and get scrubbing . The family laugh at my attempts , it must be obvious I 'm not used to such hard work . This Sunday was Claire 's 10th birthday party so I got to join in the celebrations . She had about 20 of her friends around at the house , all of whom were dressed immaculately in beautiful dresses and suits . There were n't any expensive presents or entertainment like you 'd get back home but the kids seemed to have just as good a time . I taught them how to play pin the tail on the donkey , although we replaced a donkey with a zebra , and I baked Claire a birthday banana cake . People open their homes to visitors anytime of the day too . Often when I return home the living room will be full of the neighbors . Anyone is welcome to stay , even if a bed is not available , they just share one . I really am glad I decided to live with a family here . E-mail to a friend	Lizzie chose to live with Dennis Maina and his family in Musoma The family has given her an insight into everyday life in the country She has learned how to pluck a chicken , gut a fish and handwash clothes At Dennis 's daughter 's 10th birthday party , Lizzie teaches new games and bakes a cake
CNN  A jury found Kendrick Johnson 's parents and five other family members guilty of misdemeanor charges related to a 2013 protest , attorney Benjamin Crump said Wednesday . State Court Judge Mark Mitchell sentenced them to 12 months in jail and suspended the sentence , so they will spend no more time behind bars and will not be placed on probation . They wo n't be fined , either . Kenneth and Jacquelyn Johnson and five family members were convicted of interference with government property for blocking the entrance to the Lowndes County Courthouse in Valdosta , Georgia , and blocking access to the security checkpoint inside the building . The demonstration was planned after Johnson 's parents became frustrated with the lack of information they had received from local investigators regarding their son , who was found dead inside a rolled-up gym mat at his south Georgia high school in January 2013 , another defense attorney , Chevene King , said earlier this week . Footage published on YouTube shows authorities arresting family members who held hands , blocking a door to the courthouse . Another video posted to a Kendrick Johnson tribute page on Facebook shows family members later , inside the courthouse , joining hands in front of the checkpoint . The family and others can be heard chanting , "  No justice , no peace , " as officers step in to arrest them . The relatives , who call themselves the "  KJ 7 , " were arrested and released on bond in the April 25 , 2013 , incident , King said . All seven had pleaded not guilty . Each of the seven family members faced the possibility of up to a year in prison , a $ 1,000 fine , or both . In May 2013 , the Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office announced it was closing its investigation into Johnson 's death after determining that Johnson , 17 , slipped into the mat while reaching for a shoe and got stuck . An autopsy completed by the Georgia Bureau of Investigation concluded Johnson died of accidental positional asphyxia . Months later , a pathologist hired by the Johnsons conducted a second autopsy and found evidence of "  unexplained , apparent nonaccidental blunt force trauma " to the 17-year-old 's neck . That pathologist concluded the death was a homicide . In October 2013 , the U.S. attorney for the Middle District of Georgia , Michael Moore , launched a federal investigation , which is ongoing . Parents file $ 100 million lawsuit	Kendrick Johnson 's family given suspended sentence , so they wo n't go to jail Parents have staged or attended numerous protests since their son 's January 2013 death He was found dead inside a rolled gym mat at his high school ; a federal investigation is ongoing
San Diego  CNN  As you 're driving along the highway , would n't you like to know if there 's a police car up ahead so you can slow down and avoid getting a ticket ? You 'd also probably like to know if there 's a speed trap around the next corner , so you do n't wind up spending your weekend at traffic school . Well , there 's an app for that . Police chiefs , sheriffs and law enforcement groups wish there was n't . They say they want to protect the lives of police officers , but what if they 're just trying to protect the revenue that flows into government coffers due to speeding tickets ? Waze is a new and controversial mobile app that tracks cars moving through traffic in real time and shares that information so users can get around traffic jams . This sounds harmless . But there is more . The app also uses a small icon of a tiny face in a police hat to warn users if police are nearby , either in speed traps or parked on the side the road . It obtains that information when other users who are driving further up the road input data into the system . It 's ingenious -- and for law enforcement personnel , also frustrating . Police chiefs and sheriffs are not amused at this high-tech example of information-sharing . In fact , they 're determined to put a stop to it . Law enforcement leaders claim to be concerned about officer safety . After all , lately , officers have been gunned down simply for wearing a uniform . They say they 're worried about everyday citizens keeping track of the comings and goings of officers , and they insist that the app is a high-tech "  police stalker . " They claim that this technology -- while helpful to motorists -- turns officers into "  sitting ducks " for criminals . The folks at Waze , for their part , insist that the app improves the safety of roadways because most users tend to drive more carefully when they think police are nearby . That sounds reasonable . It also sounds as if police doth protest too much , and that they 're not telling us the whole truth as to what they 're really concerned about . It 's not as if motorists ca n't often times spot police cars and adjust their speed without the help of an app ; often , the patrol cars are in plain view on the side of the road . Likewise , those who want to harm law enforcement officers will find a way to do so regardless of what app is or is n't on the market . It 's easy to see why Waze -- which was purchased by Google in 2013 for $ 966 million -- is so popular . There is a huge appetite for this technology . Potential customers include anyone who hates speed traps -- and that probably covers most Americans . In fact , there have been cases where individuals have tried to warn motorists about an oncoming speed trap and the police have come down hard on the good Samaritans . Luckily , the courts have , in turn , come down hard on the police , citing a First Amendment right to alert others as to the presence of police . In February 2014 , for example , a county judge in Frisco , Texas , about an hour north of Dallas , reportedly dismissed a complaint against 33-year-old Ron Martin who was arrested for holding a sign warning drivers of a speed trap . The sign read : "  Police Ahead . " The charge was ridiculous but creative : a misdemeanor count of violating the city 's sign ordinance . It 's not just signs that are protected speech . Signals are covered too . A few days before the Texas ruling , in St. Louis , a federal judge ruled that motorists "  have a First Amendment right to flash their headlights to warn " fellow drivers that police are nearby or setting a speed trap . In 2012 , Michael Elli flashed his headlights to warn oncoming vehicles that police were waiting with radar just up the road . A police officer pulled over Elli , citing him for "  flashing lights on certain vehicles ... warning of RADAR ahead . " The city dropped the charge , but the American Civil Liberties Union decided to sue on Elli 's behalf , charging that his First Amendment rights were violated . The judge agreed . Let 's hear it for common sense . Speed traps are , by their very nature , a form of cheating . Law enforcement officers are bending the rules to hand out tickets . Worse , they 're also an example of government-sponsored thievery . Cash-strapped cities and counties have come up with new ways of generating revenue . One of the first places they look are unsuspecting motorists who are in a poor position to complain because -- the authorities are likely to claim -- they would n't have received a ticket in the first place if they were n't guilty of speeding . But what are the authorities guilty of ? If police have a quota to meet , or a sheriff 's substation is competing with other substations as to the number of tickets it hands out , discretion will suffer . People who might not normally get a citation are going to be written up . That 's not right . It 's one thing for police officers to come across someone speeding in the course of their normal duties , and write that person a ticket . It 's another for them to lie in wait for motorists to make mistakes so the government agency they work for can fleece the citizenry . That 's not right either . When police set up a speed trap where motorists are likely to be driving over the speed limit -- say , at the bottom of a hill -- and then wait for drivers to meander into their web so they can write tickets that generate revenue for a city , county or state , they 're violating a social contract . Those who have sworn an oath to protect us are n't supposed to prey upon us .	Law enforcement groups have complained about Waze mobile app Ruben Navarrette : Too often speed traps are about money , not safety
CNN  -- Let the games begin -- finally . The National Hockey League season will officially get under way Saturday , three months later than scheduled , the league announced on its website . The NHL Players ' Association ratified a new collective bargaining agreement Saturday , ending the lockout that began September 15 . The agreement came after a sometimes acrimonious process to retool the labor deal between the players ' association and the league . During on-and-off negotiations , the NHL scrapped its preseason , all games through 2012 and threatened to scratch the entire season if a deal could n't be reached . But on January 6 , the league and the players announced they 'd struck a tentative agreement after a 16-hour negotiating session . The league 's board of governors approved the deal Wednesday , but it was n't official until Saturday . Hours after the players ratified the agreement , leaders from the two sides signed a memorandum of understanding about the terms of the new 10-year labor deal . Training camps begin Sunday , the NHL said . Three games will open the truncated regular season at 3 p.m. ET on Saturday : Pittsburgh at Philadelphia , Ottawa at Winnipeg and Chicago at Los Angeles , the reigning Stanley Cup champion . The season will be 48 games , down from the standard 82 . The regular season ends April 27 . The last time the league had labor strife , the entire 2004-05 season was eliminated .	NHL owners locked out their players and sought a new labor deal They reached a tentative deal last weekend , and it was finalized on Saturday The league 's teams will play a 48-game regular season
Beijing  CNN  -- Eight female badminton players were disqualified from the Olympics this week for apparently trying to throw their matches to secure a favorable draw . It 's not the first time sports people have tried to improve their chances of winning , but is deliberately trying to lose a match smart tactics or disguised cheating ? Two of the players involved were reigning world champions , Wang Xiaoli and Yu Yang , who were considered gold medal contenders for China . China 's sports officials quickly accepted the punishment and players apologized publicly , although Yu subsequently suggested she was quitting the sport . Soon after the badminton controversy broke it was the top-trending topic on Weibo , China 's most popular micro-blogging site , with over 15 million posts . Read more : Badminton players disqualified for trying to lose Many cried foul , saying the athletes ' behavior was a disgraceful breach of the Olympic code and was disrespectful of the spectators who paid money to watch the world 's best athletes do their best . One blogger said : "  Whatever purpose their behavior may be , it shows a loss of sports ethics . " But others defended the players and blamed badminton 's competition rules . Win or lose , observers noted , all four pairs had already qualified for the next round . In the two separate matches , they played perfunctorily to lose so they could avoid facing their own teammates , or the top seeds , in the next round of competition . "  The rules are irrational , " one blogger wrote . "  You ca n't blame those who adopt a flexible strategy . " Another blogger said : "  I feel sympathy for the players because they have worked so hard and their dreams ended in London . " Read more : London Olympics special Soon after her disqualification , Yu Yang , only 26 years old , said she was quitting badminton . "  This is my last match , " she wrote in a micro-blog to her 1.3 million followers . "  Farewell , my beloved badminton . " The next day , Yu Yang said sorry . "  I apologize to all our fans because we failed to abide by the Olympic spirit , " she said . "  I am ready to do my best in every game of my professional career in future . " It 's unclear if Yu Yang is retiring , but the badminton flap has reopened one nagging debate in sports : is it fair to intentionally lose for tactical advantage ? "  This is simple stratagem , " argued blogger qingchengweiliang . "  Any country would adopt it if they could . " To be sure , similar controversy has hit other sports . In a World Cup match in 1982 , West Germany quickly led Austria , 1-0 and the teams perfunctorily kicked the ball around the field for nearly 80 minutes . Why ? Because they knew that the outcome would allow both teams to advance in the next round of competition . The infamous match later prompted the World Cup to revise its rules so that the final matches in group stage are played at the same time . It 's not the first time Chinese sports teams have intentionally lost games to gain advantage . I remember a controversy in the late 1980s . Playing at the World Championship in 1986 , table tennis star He Zhili was instructed by her coaches to throw her semifinal match against a team mate , a defensive player , because they concluded that she stood a better chance than He to beat a South Korean in the final . But He Zhili ignored the instructions and went on to beat her teammate and , a match later , the South Korean . Partly because of her insubordination , He was dropped from China 's three-woman Olympic team in 1988 . The incident triggered little controversy . Chinese athletes typically abide by the idea of "  organization discipline , " which expects them to subordinate personal gain and fame to the team 's â $ " and the Motherland 's â $ " interest . A similar incident involved the Chinese badminton team at the Sydney Olympics in 2000 , says a report by the Sina.com sports . When a Danish player trounced her Chinese opponent in the women 's singles semifinals , the Chinese team officials asked coach Chen Peide to convince top player Ye Zhaoying to drop her semifinal match to teammate Gong Zhichao because they thought Gong had a better chance of beating the Dane . Ye reluctantly agreed . In the end , Gong won the gold medal and Ye the bronze . Years later , coach Chen recalled how badly he felt about the episode . "  After we returned to China , I repeatedly praised Ye Zhaoying , " he said . "  Still it 's difficult to make up for it . " Chen said : "  Many times national interest and the Olympic spirit are not contradictory , but sometimes they unavoidably clash . Should national interest be above everything , or should it be the Olympic spirit ? This should make everyone ponder . " The badminton controversy in London has triggered heated debate in China , with many people challenging the "  gold-is-everything " mentality in Chinese sports . Some blame the lure of fame , cash and commercial endorsements that often come after the Olympic athletes ' gold medal performances . "  Is this all athlete 's fault ? Not really , " wrote a Xinhua correspondent , who blamed China 's sports system of apportioning medals among players because , "  apart from the coaches , sports officials and administrators  who supervise the winning athletes  will also be rewarded when athletes win gold medals . " On China 's Weibo , the hot topic in recent days has been "  No gold medal , still a hero . " I see a hint of change . In the men 's table tennis singles final match on Thursday , Wang Hao , 28 , twice a silver medalist in two previous Olympics , faced compatriot Zhang Jike , 24 , the reigning world champion . It 's a gold medal in the bag for the Chinese team . If this played out several years ago , my guess is , the Chinese team would probably have decided before the match that Wang Hao should get the gold to top off his impressive but always-a-bridesmaid-never-the-bride career . Instead , the two paddlers seemingly played for gold , entertaining the London spectators with their spinning serves and furious smashes . Zhang Jike won the match 4-1â $ " and the Olympic gold . Zhang is now hailed as China 's new Olympic star , but the Chinese media is also heaping praise on the loser , Wang Hao .	Olympic badminton flap raises questions about seeking favorable draws Eight players disqualified for trying to throw their matches in doubles event Is deliberately trying to lose a match smart tactics or disguised cheating ? There are signs Chinese people are questioning the "  gold-at-all-costs " mentality
CNN  -- While Glenn Beck continues to pathetically assert that he is a modern day Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and his listeners and viewers are the rightful heirs to the Civil Rights Movement he spearheaded , it may catch some by surprise that Tea Party leaders claim their movement is also one that is about advancing the civil rights of Americans . During a debate I participated in Wednesday night on CNN 's Anderson Cooper 360 , Tea Party Express spokesman Mark Williams -- who moonlights as a radio talk show host -- blasted the National Organization for the Advancement of Colored People for not doing anything to fight crime in the inner city , as well as for advancing issues that go against the U.S. Constitution . I had to do everything I could to maintain my composure , considering that the NAACP 's long and storied history has been about forcing Americans to actually uphold the Constitution and apply it evenly to all citizens , especially African Americans . Yet as Williams continued his tirade , I really did want to hear exactly what civil rights issues he and other Tea Party members are fighting for . I 'm sure they would come as a surprise to civil rights organizations , the folks who are on the frontlines every day . I asked Williams if he would be willing to sit down and meet with the NAACP , the National Urban League , the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights and other civil rights organizations to find common ground on various civil rights issues . His response ? Attend the more than 70 Tea Party rallies in the fall as a participant . Yeah , right . So with my suggestion in mind , it would be great for Williams , Sarah Palin and other Tea Party leaders , advocates and supporters , especially those candidates receiving their backing in November , to clearly state their position on some of the civil rights issues of the day  The following are not in a particular order of importance  . Education . President Obama and the Democratic establishment are against the notion of school vouchers . Republicans have advanced the issue for years , yet in Illinois it was GOP members who could have made the difference in vouchers being offered to students who attend schools that rank at the bottom in Chicago . State Sen. James Meeks  who also is founder/senior pastor of Salem Baptist Church of Chicago , Illinois , where I 'm a member  , fought hard to pass the measure . He was rebuffed by a lot of folks in the Democratic Party , but also a number of Republicans . While we all wait for the day when our public education is fixed for the have-nots , will the Tea Party make education a civil rights issue and demand that students in the worst schools be allowed to leave via vouchers ? And will it also fight to equalize funding across the board for those inner city schools that are unable to compete with suburban schools ? Racial profiling . There is nothing more insidious and unconstitutional than police officers pulling folks over or frisking them based on nothing in particular , except the color of their skin . Numerous cities and states have documented this horrible practice . The NAACP is gearing up to advance a federal anti-racial profiling bill . Will Mark Williams and the Tea Party join them in an effort to say no more to this hideous practice ? Voting rights . The right to vote is at the heart of our democracy , and it 's shameful to watch members of both political parties use archaic rules to prevent folks from voting . We have seen voters with no history of criminal activity purged from voting rolls . It 's time that we have consistent rules nationally and not be subject to various state , county and city rules . As Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia wrote in the Bush vs. Gore decision , there is no affirmative right to vote in the United States . Our Constitution forbids minorities and women being disenfranchised  It 's interesting to note that basically white men can be denied the right to vote , depending on how you look at this  . In Chicago , if you move from one address to another , you are automatically removed from the voting rolls . Why not have your voting rights follow you to a new address ? We have a driver 's license that is legal in all parts of a state , why not the voting card ? To fix the overlapping and confusing rules , it 's time we amend the Constitution and establish a clear and affirmative right to vote . Tea Partiers , are you willing to support that ? Congressman Jesse Jackson Jr. has had such a bill ready to be voted on for nearly a decade . "  Do n't ask , do n't tell . " Tea Partiers claim they are all about the U.S. Constitution , that they are patriots . OK , fine . How crazy is it for someone who is gay to be kicked out of the U.S. military solely because of his or her sexuality ? The right wing has made a major effort to keep gays and lesbians from serving openly , and the left has fought to have the measure repealed . If the blood of a homosexual flows the same on the battlefield as that of a heterosexual , then what 's the problem ? Mark Williams , is this the kind of civil right you and the Tea Party support or oppose ? Leading a 21st century Poor Peoples Campaign . At the time of his assassination in 1968 , Dr. King and the Southern Christian Leadership Conference were planning the Poor Peoples Campaign , set for Washington , D.C. , to show the plight of poverty in America . Today , we have Republicans in Congress who are against a jobs bill and extending unemployment benefits , but are ardent supporters of keeping the 2001 and 2003 Bush tax cuts for the wealthy . Will the Tea Party put the concerns of America 's poor at the forefront of its movement ? The Civil Rights Movement was n't just about those at the top , but the downtrodden , disenchanted and ignored . I have n't heard Tea Partiers talking about the least of those among us . So , Mark Williams , will we see Tea Partiers descend on the nation 's capital to demand that lawmakers stop ignoring the nation 's poor ? It 's easy for Williams and other Tea Partiers to casually toss out assertions that they are fighting for the civil rights of Americans . Fine , but put your money where your mouth is . It 's time to call the Tea Party Express together at the table with the civil rights establishment to forge a comprehensive civil rights strategy headed into the midterm elections and 2011 . Saying it is one thing , Tea Partiers , but doing it is another . You 've talked the talk , now it 's time to walk the walk . So what say you ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin	Roland Martin says Tea Party spokesman claimed civil rights high ground in recent debate Tea Party 's criticism of NAACP would surprise civil rights groups , he says He challenges Tea Party to address racial profiling , education , "  do n't ask , do n't tell " Martin : Tea Partiers have talked the talk on civil rights , now they should walk the walk
CNN  -- An Australian politician suffered gashes to one of his legs when a close encounter with a kangaroo during his morning jog turned violent . Shane Rattenbury , a minister for the local government that manages the territory around the Australian capital , Canberra , said he bumped into the animal early Thursday as he was running along the side of a hedge in a suburban neighborhood . "  I did n't see the kangaroo , and it did n't see me , " he said by phone on Friday . "  It started hopping around , it was a bit panicked . I ducked for cover and ended up on the ground . The kangaroo jumped on me in its attempt to get away . " The claws on its powerful hind legs dug into the back of Rattenbury 's left leg . It then bounded away in the direction of a nearby nature reserve , leaving Rattenbury lying dazed in the street with deep cuts in his leg . "  Like most animals , when frightened , they 'll lash out quite hard , " he said . Eastern Grey Kangaroos , the species he encountered , are common in the suburbs of Canberra , especially at this time of year when the dry weather brings them searching for grass and water on people 's lawns . "  I see kangaroos here all the time when I 'm running , " Rattenbury said . "  But I 've never actually crashed into one before . " He said that after the skirmish , he hitched a ride home and then went and got his wounds cleaned and bandaged at a walk-in medical center . A nurse also gave him a tetanus shot . His injuries did n't stop him from going on to attend a sitting of the local assembly , where some colleagues could n't resist humoring him about his experience . "  There have certainly been a lot of kangaroo jokes and kangaroo puns in the parliament , " he said . Australian media outlets also saw an opportunity for word play . "  A run in with a ` roo has left the municipal services minister ruing his choice of route for a morning jog , " an anchor on the Australian Broadcasting Corporation said as she introduced Rattenbury 's story . Although kangaroos do n't usually pose a threat to humans , authorities in the Canberra area have undertaken annual culls to control the animals ' numbers for environmental reasons . Rattenbury 's political party , the Greens , does n't oppose the policy . "  The cull has been very controversial , " he said . "  It 's undertaken on the basis of science that indicates there is an overabundance of these kangaroos in the region . " The Greens "  continue to monitor that science and look at whether this cull has delivered the desired impacts , " he added . On Rattenbury 's Facebook page , one person sought to draw a link between the program and the minister 's unfortunate experience . "  Perhaps the kangaroos are trying to tell you something about the culling program , " wrote a user named Rick Collins . It is estimated that there are around 50 million kangaroos in Australia , according to the national government . Rattenbury says his alarming experience has n't deterred him from continuing to run in the same neighborhood as he trains for triathlons in the coming months . "  I hope to be back out there tomorrow , " he said .	Shane Rattenbury was jogging in a suburb of Canberra when he ran into the animal "  I did n't see the kangaroo , and it did n't see me , " he says He had to seek medical attention for gashes to his left leg Kangaroos are common in the area and do n't usually threaten humans
CNN  -- From Kiev to Caracas , protesters are taking their indignation to a walkie-talkie app , but some may be running into government roadblocks . Zello allows smartphone users to send short voice messages from person to person or to a limited group of people . Some Ukrainians and Venezuelans have been using the app to organize their protests . Broadcasting a message to the world on social networks like Twitter is not always ideal for many people in chaotic situations . Apps like Zello and WhatsApp facilitate private , peer-to-peer digital messaging . Facebook 's $ 19 billion plan to purchase WhatsApp underscores the need that more than 450 million users have to send messages that are n't broadcast for everyone to see . Zello , which was founded in Russia and is now based in Texas , has been one of the most downloaded apps in Ukraine and Venezuela , but late last week , Venezuelans began complaining that the app stopped working inside the country -- just one of the many apps and social networks that Venezuelans say have been blocked over the past weeks since protests began . Alexey Gavrilov , Zello 's chief technology officer , confirmed to CNN that the app was blocked for users of CANTV , Venezuela 's state-owned Internet service . This leads Zello to believe the Venezuelan government is behind the digital blockade . CNN has asked the Venezuelan government for comment , but no official has returned calls about the matter . Gavrilov has begun changing the Zello app 's coding so it can evade the Venezuelan roadblocks . "  We just released an update to the Android application which changes the IP addresses and makes it much harder to block them , and we also submitted updates for iOS and BlackBerry , " he told CNN . "  So people with Android can already use Zello again in Venezuela . " Zello is waiting for Apple and BlackBerry to approve the updated version of the app for those smartphone platforms . Venezuelans also report that pictures and videos have been blocked on Twitter inside the country . "  We believe the Venezuelan government is blocking the images , " a spokesman for Twitter told CNN . In an e-mailed statement , the Venezuelan government "  emphatically and categorically " denied "  any involvement in the outage reported by users . " Venezuelans have begun installing VPN software and apps on their phones to avoid the digital blockade . Virtual private networking essentially reroutes Internet connections through another country , allowing users to see an unblocked connection from a country like the United States . Citizens in Iran and China use the same tools to get around their governments ' digital blockades .	Ukrainians and Venezuelans have used Zello walkie-talkie app to organize their protests It 's been one of the most downloaded apps in Ukraine and Venezuela But late last week , Venezuelans said the app stopped working inside their country Company says it suspects the Venezuelan government is behind the blockade
CNN  -- Dockworkers at a major London port discovered 35 people inside a shipping container Saturday morning . One of them , an adult male , was declared dead at the scene , according to Essex police Superintendent Trevor Roe . Several others -- including children -- were said to have "  significant health problems , " according to a police statement . Daniel Gore of England Ambulance Service said the patients -- all of whom were conscious when they were found -- are being treated for dehydration and hypothermia at three London-area hospitals . None of their conditions are believed to be life-threatening , he said . What caused the one death was not yet known . A homicide investigation is under way , according to Roe . ` Screaming and Banging ' Workers at Tilbury Docks made the discovery after "  screaming and banging was heard from inside the container , " Roe said . The stowaways are from the Indian subcontinent , said Roe , but it was not immediately clear if that is where their maritime journey originated , or when it did . What is known is that the container they were in arrived to Tilbury -- located on the River Thames about 30 miles east of London -- aboard a ship owned by P&O Ferries at 6 a.m.  1 a.m. ET  from the Belgian port city of Zeebrugge after a nearly nine-hour trip . Company spokeswoman Natalie Hardy told CNN that P&O Ferries operates two such trips a day between London and Zeebrugge . She said P&O Ferries does not inspect the contents of the containers it transports as a matter of company policy . Such checks , according to Hardy , are the responsibility of the UK Border Agency . There were 50 containers on the ship , according to Roe . He said they would all be thoroughly searched . British authorities blasted the "  criminal networks " engaged in human trafficking . "  Today 's tragic incident at Tilbury is a reminder of the often devastating human consequences of illegal migration , " Immigration and Security Minister James Brokenshire said in a statement . "  This incident is now a criminal investigation . Border Force officers are fully engaged with Essex police and the Tilbury port authorities as the necessary steps are taken towards bringing those responsible to justice . " Body of ` apparent stowaway ' found in U.S. Air Force plane U.S. Navy rescues 282 apparent migrants in Mediterranean Italian navy rescues over 1,000 migrants from overcrowded boats in one day	London dockworkers discovered 35 people inside a shipping container One man has died , the rest treated for dehydration and hypothermia Police say they are from the Indian subcontinent Workers heard screaming and banging from one of the ship 's 50 containers
Washington  CNN  -- The weirdest campaign ad of this season -- maybe any season -- debuted on the Internet this past week . The ad has been nicknamed , "  Demon Sheep , " and can be viewed here . The ad is an opening salvo in what will could prove the most expensive Senate race in U.S. history . The incumbent , Barbara Boxer , has always been the less popular of California 's two Democratic senators . Boxer now looks vulnerable . Two Republicans declared early for the nomination against Boxer : state Sen. Chuck DeVore and former Hewlett Packard CEO Carly Fiorina . Fiorina took an early lead . But her performance on the campaign trail disheartened many of her supporters . Worse , Fiorina never developed a good answer to the questions about her business career . Portfolio magazine had dubbed Fiorina one of the 20 worst CEOs of all time after a disastrous merger with Compaq . Fiorina was fired in 2005 after company stock dropped 60 percent in a year . She herself walked away with a payday estimated as high as $ 40 million . That history was tough to explain to hard-pressed voters . Facing an intensifying risk of self-inflicted defeat in a winnable race , party leaders and donors enticed former state budget director Tom Campbell into the race . Campbell immediately stepped into first place in the polls , five points ahead of Fiorina , 15 ahead of DeVore . The "  demon sheep " ad was Fiorina 's attempt to head Campbell off at the pass . No description can do justice to the ad 's low-budget strangeness . The ad presents Campbell as a dangerous predator with glowing red eyes , preying upon Fiorina 's flock . Never mind that it 's not usually smart tactics to represent the voters as dim-witted sheep . The more urgent question for California Republicans is this : What should they make of the substance of Fiorina 's attack on Campbell ? Here 's the former front-runner 's case : Campbell presents himself as a committed fiscal conservative . In fact , however , he 's a career politician largely responsible for the state 's budget crisis . He helped write the 2005 California budget , which contained a big jump in state spending . He called for raising the gas tax and for sales taxes on Internet purchases . And he refused to sign the famous no-tax-increase pledge presented to all candidates by the Washington lobbying group , Americans for Tax Reform . He 's not the pure-hearted fiscal conservative admired by his backers : Instead Campbell is "  Taxing Tom , " a "  FCINO " : fiscal conservative in name only . What 's the truth ? To anyone familiar with the Campbell record , it seems crazy that anybody would charge him with insufficient commitment to free-market causes . Campbell wrote an economics dissertation under Milton Friedman at the University of Chicago . He ran the competition bureau at the Federal Trade Commission during the Reagan administration . Elected to Congress from Palo Alto , California , in 1988 , re-elected four times , he amassed one of the most taxpayer-friendly voting records in the House of Representatives . That was the record that inspired California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger to hire Campbell as state budget director in 2005 . California 's budget position was already desperate when Campbell took the job . • The teachers ' union had pushed through a ballot measure that directed 40 percent of all state spending to schools -- meaning every time Medicaid spending rose , the schools got a raise too . • California 's "  three-strikes " law -- life in prison after a third felony conviction -- had filled the state 's correctional institutions with doddering old crooks confined forever at taxpayer expense . • Reckless union contracts had pushed public-sector pay and benefits to astounding heights : over $ 100,000 for some prison guards . • Illegal immigration played havoc with state finances . Illegal immigrants paid very little tax , but imposed as much on the state 's roads , hospitals , schools , and prisons as anybody else . Gov. Schwarzenegger and director Campbell tried to address these constitutionally imposed dysfunctions in a 2005 ballot measure . The initiative would have enhanced the governor 's powers to cut spending growth , nullified the 40 percent guarantee to schools , and imposed across the board spending cuts if spending outpaced revenues . The measure , Proposition 76 , was California 's last clear chance to avert the state 's present budget crisis . It was rejected . California has now plunged into the crisis that Schwarzenegger and Campbell foresaw and attempted to forestall . California is constitutionally required to balance its budget . Without the powers contained in Prop 76 , Schwarzenegger and Campbell had to make the best deal they could with the state 's interest-group dominated Democratic legislature . Under those awful circumstances , an increase in the gas tax was among the state 's least bad alternatives . Campbell responsibly and courageously endorsed it , just as a surgeon operates on a heart patient who had earlier rejected advice to reduce his cholesterol . Fiorina 's ad poses a powerful question . What does it mean to be a fiscal conservative ? Fiorina criticizes Campbell for declining to sign a no-tax-increase pledge . Of course , Republicans have been enthusiastically signing that pledge for almost two decades now . The pledge did not stop them from spending money profusely . In fact it has turned out that a no-tax pledge can actually incentivize spending , by creating a ready-made excuse for the ensuing deficits . Fiorina 's ad asks an apt question : What does it mean to be a fiscal conservative in the midst of the worst deficits and debts since World War II ? Here are the tests I 'd be considering if I were a California voter : • What 's your record of controlling government spending ? • What are your specific plans for controlling spending in future ? • In particular , how will you restrain the growth of Medicare and Medicaid -- the two main drivers of federal spending ? A candidate who can answer those questions with credibility can claim to be a fiscal conservative in something more than name . A candidate who offers only a pledge not to increase taxes to pay for the spending for which he or she votes ? That candidate is just another Republican sheep . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	Carly Fiorina released the "  demon sheep " ad in California race for U.S. Senate David Frum says it may be the strangest campaign ad ever He says she 's unfairly targeting Tom Campbell as a fiscal conservative in name only Frum says Campbell acted responsibly to try to head off the fiscal crisis California is now in
CNN  -- Seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher , quadruple title winner Alain Prost , and contemporary pacesetters Sebastian Vettel and Fernando Alonso were all contenders in CNN 's quest to find the greatest Formula One driver of all time . But In the eyes of Formula One 's great and good it was two icons of the sport -- Ayrton Senna and Juan Manuel Fangio -- who proved inseparable . Senna 's three world championships in the late 1980s and early 1990s made him an idol for modern stars like Lewis Hamilton . CNN Greatest F1 Driver The Brazilian 's death following a crash at Imola in 1994 led to three days of mourning in his homeland and his genius has gained almost mythical status with the eponymous documentary on the driver , which brought the Senna legend to a new generation of fans in glorious Technicolor . Fangio graced F1 tracks in the early days of the sport , in the sepia-tinged 1950s , an era when the Argentine 's talents could not be truly captured on camera . But if you crunch the numbers , the Argentine shunts Senna over to the curb . Fangio collected five world championships , two more than Senna , winning a record 45 % of the grands prix he entered compared to 25 % for Senna . The Argentine started an unrivaled 55.8 % of his races from pole position -- Vettel 's current record is just over 33 % -- while also qualifying for 92 % of his grands prix on the front row . No one can match Fangio 's record of winning the championship with four different teams , while he is also the oldest F1 champion , taking the 1957 drivers ' title aged 46 years and 41 days . Although that comparison is arguably unfair as fate cruelly robbed Senna of the chance to match that particular achievement . One criticism that has been leveled at Fangio was that he always drove the best car , but as Stirling Moss told the sport 's official website it was "  because he was the best bloody driver ! " "  The cheapest method of becoming a successful grand prix team was to sign up Fangio , " added Moss . Blog : Alonso , Vettel on track for greatness ? Perhaps what Senna inspires within those who admire him is not measurable in numbers . He was a maverick , driving with a cavalier flair which was best summed up when he proclaimed , "  If you no longer go for a gap , you are no longer a racing driver . " His six wins at the famous Monaco Grand Prix is an unparalleled feat , while his championship duels with McLaren teammate Prost were pure sporting theatre . Senna 's win-at-all-costs approach was epitomized in 1990 when he led Prost in the championship heading into the year 's penultimate race -- the Japanese Grand Prix . Prost , starting in second position , overtook polesitter Senna off the line . But , knowing if neither driver finished Senna would be crowned champion , the Brazilian forced Prost off the track at the first corner and cemented a second world title success . "  When you had Prost and Senna fighting it out in the same team , there 's no question to the caliber of each driver , very different personalities and great drivers , " 1996 world champion Damon Hill told CNN . "  Those epic battles stand the test of any sporting rivalry . " Senna was a perfectionist , taking risks which could turn certain victory into abject failure -- notably his crash at the 1988 Monaco Grand Prix when he was holding a 55-second lead over his nearest rival . If Senna took the sport to the very edge of sportsmanship , Fangio conducted himself with "  a sense of honor never seen before or since . " He shot to global fame in 1958 when he was kidnapped in Cuba by Fidel Castro-led revolutionaries . As was the case with everyone who met him , his captors were charmed by Fangio and they released him unharmed , " it is claimed in a tribute to him on the sport 's official website . When describing what made Fangio so special , three-time drivers ' champion Jackie Stewart said : "  I think the dignity and style , the way he went about his business . "  Fangio is the one that , for me , would have written the whole book . You would want to do what he did and how he did it . " Over the course of their illustrious careers , the pair astonished with their ability and courage , pushing their vehicles to the limit in pursuit of the checkered flag . Perhaps it is fitting , then , that these two legends of motorsport proved inseparable .	Juan Manuel Fangio and Ayrton Senna voted as F1 's best by motorsport greats Argentine Fangio won five world championships with four different teams Brazil 's Senna won three drivers ' titles in the late 1980s and early 1990s Senna was killed during a crash at the Imola circuit in 1994
CNN  Russian police moved with surprising speed to arrest five suspects , all of them Chechens , in the killing of opposition figure Boris Nemtsov . They tried to arrest a sixth suspect , but he reportedly threw a grenade at the arresting officers and then blew himself up . Yet that speed has only raised more questions about who wanted Nemtsov dead -- and why ? Conspiracy theories are rife , but so far , none seem totally convincing . • The Kremlin did it . Some members of Russia 's opposition -- and Nemtsov 's daughter -- are convinced Russia 's government was behind Nemtsov 's killing . But why ? And why now ? Nemtsov , 55 , had been an opposition leader for years and had recently been overshadowed by younger members of the opposition such as Alexey Navalny . So killing him now does n't seem to make sense . Some of Nemtsov 's supporters claim he had become a bigger threat to the Kremlin , pointing to information he was allegedly uncovering on Russia 's military role in Ukraine that could undermine the Kremlin 's claims that its forces fighting in Ukraine have been just "  volunteers . " But the dramatic staging of the killing -- he was shot in the back on a famous Moscow bridge against the backdrop of Red Square and the Kremlin , where Putin has his office -- seems a bit too obvious . And how exactly does it help Putin to look like a killer ? • The West did it . Some Russian politicians and media personalities close to the Kremlin charge that Putin 's foes in the West orchestrated the killing to damage the Russian President 's image and ignite a civil war in Russia . But why would Washington want to destroy someone who was championing democracy and who is friendly to the United States ?  Conspiracy theorists reply : to create a "  sacrificial lamb " and blame the slaughter on Putin . • It was the Chechens . Here , the plot thickens . The key suspect , Zaur Dadayev , reportedly initially confessed to being involved with the shooting . But then , Russian media reported , he denied involvement . Russian officials have alleged that Dadayev , a former security officer and fervent Muslim , decided to punish Nemtsov for supporting the rights of the French Charlie Hebdo journalists to publish cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed . But Nemtsov 's allies point out that he was not anti-Muslim and rarely spoke of the cartoons -- he was by no means a central figure in the cartoon story . To make things more complicated , the strongman leader of Chechnya , Ramzan Kadyrov , praised Dadayev as a brave soldier , a religious man and a "  real patriot . " But on Tuesday , Putin awarded Kadyrov the Order of Honor , and the Chechen leader pledged he would die for Putin . A further twist is that Chechens reportedly are fighting in Ukraine -- on both sides of the battle line  for the Ukrainian government and for the Russian-allied separatists .  That 's led some back to the theory that Nemtsov was killed because of his allegedly explosive information on Russia 's role in Ukraine . • The Ukrainians did it . Many Russians are convinced that what they call the "  fascist " Kiev government would stop at nothing to frame Putin . After all , a significant number of people , fed by domestic propaganda , still believe the Ukrainian air force shot down Malaysian Airlines Flight 17 over Ukraine despite much of the evidence pointing to Russian-backed rebels as the culprits . • It was domestic extremists . Supporters of this theory are mainly in the opposition camp . They accuse the Kremlin of whipping up hatred against the so-called Fifth Column -- "  traitors " who are trying to undermine Russia from within . Photos of opposition leaders labeled "  traitors " have been posted in Russian cities , while at an anti-Ukraine rally in Moscow just days before Nemtsov 's assassination , Russians loyal to Putin carried signs and placards with pictures of those "  traitors , " including Nemtsov . But whatever the reality of what happened in Moscow , high-profile killings in Russia , especially ones with a political connection , are rarely solved . Chechens were convicted of killing journalist Anna Politkovskaya , for example , but there still is no explanation of why they did it or who organized the murder . Now , with Nemtsov 's killing , Russian officials and Kremlin-friendly media have whipped up a sandstorm of theories , confounding the most intrepid attempts at establishing the truth . Will things play out any differently this time ?	Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov was killed last month Jill Dougherty : Conspiracy theories about the killing are rife , but none seem convincing
CNN  -- James Sallis may be the best crime writer you 've never heard of . In an award-winning career spanning some forty years , he 's written more than two dozen volumes of fiction , poetry , essays , criticism and biography inspiring a small but cult-like following of readers . Now his fan base is about to get a big boost . His newest novel , "  The Killer is Dying " is drawing praise from critics all over the world , while his 2005 noir classic , "  Drive " arrives on the big screen this week . "  Drive " features an all-star cast , including Hollywood hunk Ryan Gosling in the starring role as Sallis describes , "  a guy who does stunt driving for movies by day and drives for criminals at night . " Danish director Nicolas Winding Refn won best director at the Cannes film festival for "  Drive " earlier this year . Sallis also has a new novel out , "  The Killer is Dying . " It 's the story of three strangers who unwittingly cross paths in the sun-scorched sprawl of Phoenix . There 's Christian , a dying hit man on his final job , Sayles , the detective trying to catch him , and Jimmie a teenager abandoned by his parents , who is somehow seeing Christian 's dreams . It 's Sallis at his existential best ; minimalist noir with a cinematic feel . It 's pulp fiction for the 21st century . Not just a writer , Sallis is also a poet , professor and musician . CNN recently caught up with him to talk about his new novel . Sallis , a man of letters but few words , gave us some insight into his work . The following is an edited transcript : CNN : "  The Killer is Dying " is not your typical crime novel , how would you describe it ? Sallis : As a novel about three isolated people living in a huge makeshift city in the middle of forbidding desert , three people who in the course of the novel find community of a sort . CNN : Tell me more about your three main characters , Christian , Sayles & Jimmie . Sallis : Christian is a hired killer dying of an unspecified terminal disease . He goes to fulfill his final contract but is beaten to the punch , and sees his mark taken down by someone else . With no knowledge at all of Christian , Sayles is the detective investigating that attack . He is cut off from others and from his own emotions , with only his job to hold him in place ; his wife is dying of cancer . Jimmie is a teenager abandoned by both parents and living by his wits , buying and selling on eBay to get by , expecting any day to get caught and taken away . Then suddenly , in the third chapter , Jimmie is having the killer 's , Christian 's , dreams . CNN : Phoenix really comes alive in your book , what is it about the city that interests you as a writer ? Sallis : It 's the nation 's fifth largest city , a triumph of will and engineering over common sense , surrounded by miles of what looks at first to be almost nothing . Sprawling , various , indefinable , ungraspable . If ever there was a melting pot , this is one . Kinda south , kinda west , kinda old , kinda ageless , kinda middle America , kinda Hispanic ... . CNN : You 're something of a renaissance man , beyond your crime novels , you 're also a poet , a translator , a biographer , a musician and a teacher . How do these various disciplines influence your work overall ? Sallis : Take any one of those away , the work would be quite different . I would be quite different . CNN : Did you always want to be a writer ? Sallis : I think I knew pretty early that that 's where I was headed . Like the automobile wreck in JB : "  Saw it start to , saw it had to , saw it happen . " Or as someone once described noir fiction : "  force of circumstances driving protagonists to the commission of dreadful acts . " CNN : One of your most popular novels , "  Drive , " is out now as a Hollywood movie . How involved were you in the adaptation and what do you think of the movie ? Sallis : I had no involvement beyond providing the novel -- the buzzer in the chair that got everyone up and moving . It 's an astonishingly fine movie , one that will be talked about and referenced , I suspect , for many years . Nic Refn 's direction , Ryan 's acting , Albert Brooks ' bad guy - all tremendous . Brilliant . Read more about the movie and see a trailer for "  Drive . " CNN : What have you read recently that really made an impression on you ? Sallis : Mostly rereads : a collection of Barry Hannah 's stories , "  Long , Last , Happy . " Danny Woodrell 's "  The Bayou Trilogy . " Also "  The Collected Stories of Carol Emshwiller . " CNN : What 's next for you ? Sallis : I 'm a hundred-plus pages into a novel about Driver seven years further along , when the mob shows up , apparently to kill him . After that , back to reworking the draft of "  Others of My Kind , " about a woman abducted as a child and kept in a box under her abductor 's bed , and who is now one of the world 's good people . A brief portion of this appeared in my friend Patrick Millikin 's anthology Phoenix Noir . Oh -- and a lot of playing festivals and coffee houses with my band , Three-Legged Dog . Read more about James Sallis on his website .	Author James Sallis 's 2005 noir classic , "  Drive , " arrives on the big screen this week His latest , "  The Killer is Dying , " involves three strangers who unwittingly cross paths in Phoenix Sallis has written more than two dozen volumes of fiction , poetry , essays , criticism & biography
CNN  -- Baseball 's biggest stars are in New York for Tuesday 's All-Star game , as the sport says goodbye to one of its most famous landmarks . Joseph Cornacchia , left , used to play with Babe Ruth when he was a kid , his son Jim says . It 's the Yankees ' final season at the "  House that Ruth Built , " and MLB.com reports that 40 Hall of Famers are expected to attend the historic event . We asked CNN.com readers to share their baseball memories and to tell us about meeting their favorite players . iReporter Jim Cornacchia of Rye , New York , says his grandmother taught Babe Ruth to "  make a mean batch of chili . " He said the legendary slugger would come to Greenwood Lake , New York , during the off season and would visit with his family . iReport.com : Ever met your favorite player ? Cornacchia 's father , Joseph , who just turned 76 , would play wintertime games with "  The Babe " as a child , and even built a snowman with him . Patrick Palmer , 43 , has been a Yankees fan since he was a kid , even though he grew up in Iowa . "  My father was a Yankees fan , and it was just handed down through the generations , " he said . Palmer has a baseball signed by about 20 Yankees players and other memorabilia , but said his biggest thrill was meeting relief pitchers Sparky Lyle and Rich "  Goose " Gossage . "  It was also amazing to shake hands with one of the most feared pitchers of his day , Goose Gossage , and really see what a gentle person he could be , " See what Palmer wrote on iReport.com . New Yorker Matthew Friedman said he met Hall of Famer Ryne Sandberg last August after singing "  God Bless America " before a Peoria Chiefs minor league game . Friedman was in town as part of the Broadway touring production of "  Movin ' Out . " He said he would sing at the game only if he could meet Sandberg , who was managing the Chiefs . "  He was such a nice guy , " he said . Friedman is a Mets fan , but said the Cubs legend was "  the kind of player I thought other players should be . " He said it was a meeting he 'll never forget , and one he 'll tell his children about again , and again , and again . "  I have a child on the way , " he said . "  I ca n't wait . " Meeting a childhood hero was a test of courage for many young fans . iReporter thedeke almost did n't get to shake slugger Roger Maris ' hand during a trip to Yankee Stadium as a 10-year-old . "  He was only 3 kids from me when he turned and started for the field , " he wrote . "  Why I said what I did , I will never know , but I actually yelled at Roger saying , ` Roger Maris ! Do n't you dare walk away with out shaking my hand ! ' " Maris smiled , walked up to him and "  grabbed my hand with both of his and without saying a word he gave me a wink and off he went , " thedeke wrote . Phil Miller was a 17-year-old bat boy for the Tacoma Rainiers in 1995 when he got to meet star outfielder Ken Griffey Jr. . Griffey was playing for the Seattle Mariners at the time and was in the minor leagues while he was recovering from a wrist injury . Chasing fly balls Griffey hit during batting practice is something Miller said he will never forget . "  I wish I could freeze time and relive that 15 minutes over and over , " he wrote . Miller was nervous about talking to Griffey in the locker room , but he said he broke the ice by asking him about his wife 's pregnancy -- news that was n't out yet . Griffey laughed when he found out his mother-in-law had shared the news with Miller 's mom in a Tacoma hair salon , Miller said . Even baseball 's most controversial figures provide fond memories . Kenny Lucas met Barry Bonds , the all-time leading home run hitter , in 2006 at a Colorado Rockies game . The former Giants star has been dogged by steroid allegations and has a reputation for being difficult , but Lucas said "  he was a very cool guy . " "  I used to think of Barry as another arrogant athlete , but he treated me as an equal and invited me into his conversation , " Lucas said . iReporter natsmom24 met Pete Rose at a golf course when he was 11 years old . In 1991 , Rose and other members of the Cincinnati Reds were at a golf course near his house , so natsmom24 tried to get some autographs . Several players ignored him and walked past , but he said Rose approached him and asked to sign his ball . He talked to him and then took him to the clubhouse and bought him a Snickers and a Coke . "  I was on top of the world ! I was hanging out with Pete Rose ! The Hit King ! Charlie Hustle ! No one was going to believe me when I told them this , " he wrote . He said that not even his parents believed him until he showed them the autographed ball .	Baseball 's current and former stars getting ready for All-Star game iReporters met Ruth , Bonds , Goose Gossage and Sparky Lyle Got a baseball memory ? Share it on iReport.com
CNN  -- How many young people have gotten in trouble for something they 've posted on Facebook ? Maybe a party picture or an offensive comment compromised their chances at a job . But a 25-year-old Iranian says his Facebook activity has led to his father 's detention in a notorious prison in Tehran . And now he 's struggling to find a way to free him . "  I want my family to forgive me , " Yashar Khameneh said . "  But I believe what I believe in . " A year ago , while studying at a college in Holland , Khameneh joined a Facebook page that made fun of a top Shiite Muslim imam , Ali al-Naqi al-Hadi . Naqi is one of 12 imams considered successors to the Prophet Mohammed . Called "  Infallibles , " the imams are protected by law in Iran from ridicule or even frivolous comments . One can be arrested for insulting them . The Facebook page , dubbed the "  Campaign to Remind Shias about Imam Naqi , " features a robed man , presumably Naqi , with a face like Charles Manson 's , flanked by a camel wearing sunglasses and the donkey from "  Shrek . " It also shows a picture of a Shiite tomb that has been pooped on by a flock of pigeons . With more than 21,000 likes , the page explains , "  Our goal is to use satire to take out the superstition from religion . " "  We believe that everything and everybody could be the subject of a joke , " Khameneh said . "  Nothing and nobody is too holy to be funny . At the beginning it was not that serious because it was a joke . " Syria tests internet freedom theory Khameneh did n't know who the manager of the site was . They both used nicknames , as did many people who posted , Khameneh said . In the early days , though , Khameneh posted links to his personal Facebook page , which had his real name . "  I feel like that is how the authorities knew to come after me , " Khameneh said . During that time , Khameneh said , he was n't thinking too much about someone in the Iranian government seeing the page . It seemed unlikely : one page out of so many on Facebook . The thought did cross his mind a couple times that if it did become popular , it would probably upset some people back in Iran , where his father , mother and sister lived . But he kept posting on the page out of principle , he said . "  From the beginning , I knew that it could be dangerous , but the thing is this : Taboos should be broken , " he said . "  I knew that it could be sensitive  for  Muslims and Iranians worldwide , but here in Europe , jokes are made -- jokes of Jewish stories or Christian -- and nobody is threatened or killed . This is how it should be . " A page 's overnight fame Khameneh took comfort , he said , that the page had a small number of followers . That changed this spring . Traffic skyrocketed in mid-May , when an Iranian rapper living in Germany made international headlines , Khameneh said . Iran 's religious authority had placed a fatwa on the rapper 's head for making a song that mocked the same imam . The song had gone viral . All of a sudden , people around the world were Googling the rapper and the imam . "  That was a boon for the  page  , " Khameneh said . "  It became famous . " On May 23 , Khameneh got a call from his father , Abbas Khameneh , in Iran . "  He said , ` some people from the intelligence service had come  to our house  , and they want you to cooperate , ' " Khameneh recalled . "  My father said , ` they want your passwords to your Facebook , web blog and e-mail . ' " The young man was frightened and felt trapped . First , he did n't manage the page and therefore could n't take it down . He assumed that the Iranian authorities just did n't understand that . "  They came after me maybe because from the beginning , I was very active on the page , and you could tell that I had a close relationship -- commenting back and forth -- with the manager , " he said . He fired off a Facebook message to the manager of the site , explaining the situation and asking that the page be taken down . The manager wrote back , refusing to deactivate the page . It 's unclear exactly why the manager chose to keep the site up . But Khameneh thinks there are two reasons , both of them legitimate . Allowing Iran to succeed in taking the page down would be to defeat the very reason it was created : to challenge authority and create a greater sense of free expression . And it 's possible that the manager suspected that Khameneh 's e-mail was a fake and that the sender was actually someone with the Iranian authority trying to trick the manager into taking the page down , Khameneh said . "  At first , I was angry , but I was also emotional " at the news that the page would stay up , Khameneh said . But "  I understand that taking the page down , really , was n't going to help my father . " Can Facebook page help Israel , Iran toward peace ? Password protection Khameneh considered whether he should give up the passwords to the accounts he did control : his personal Facebook account and his e-mail . But he decided that would n't be wise . The Iranians could go through those accounts and find the names of his friends and other information , he feared . Khameneh seemed to be in an unwinnable situation . So he took the only action he could and deleted his e-mail and personal Facebook account . The page mocking the imam remained up . The day after his father called , Khameneh says , he got a call from his sister and mother in Iran . They were hysterical . They said Iranian authorities had arrested his father and taken him to Evin prison in Tehran , a lockup notorious for torturing inmates . Khameneh 's sister begged him to give up his passwords . She pleaded for him to dismantle the Facebook page about the imam . He struggled to explain to her that he did n't control the page and that he had closed all the accounts that he could . He told her he had no options . "  She told me , ` As long as that Facebook page is open , your father will be in the same situation . ' "  After a few days . I received another call , this time from my mother . She was crying . She told me , ` OK , you see they want to execute your father ? Why do n't you close that Facebook page ? ' "  At the same time , I can do nothing , " Khameneh said . Weeks slipped by as Khameneh worried about what to do . By June , he decided to publish online an open letter , describing his father 's arrest and explaining that he did n't know who operated the Facebook page . Staffers with the International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran , a nongovernmental organization based in the United States , saw that letter and called Khameneh to interview him , Executive Director Hadi Ghaemi said . Ghaemi said he feels confident the young man 's story is true . "  It would be too dangerous for Khameneh 's family in Iran for him to make up something like this , " Ghaemi said . "  The burden of proof is  on  the Iranian government , and they have n't issued a statement or denied the story . It also fits a broader trend of Iranian intelligence targeting Iranian activists abroad and their family members . " He pointed to the Iranian rapper as an example and reported intimidation of Iran-based relatives of journalists who work for Radio Farda , the Persian-language service of Radio Free Europe . "  Employees of Radio Farda believe that their journalism , which attracts over 10 million page views monthly on Radio Farda 's website , is the motive behind at least 20 incidents this year involving the interrogation and intimidation of their family members in Iran by officials of the country 's Intelligence Ministry , " according to a news release on the news outlet 's site . Two accused of ` terrorism ' via Facebook , Twitter At a loss Inside Iran , too , there 's been an uptick in arrests of bloggers and journalists . According to the official news site of the Iranian government , the minister of culture ordered that "  current conditions require more unity  of views  in the media . " Mohammad Hosseini stated , "  There will soon be a conference " with "  members of the media and officials of the economy sector " to "  enhance their awareness regarding the current conditions of the country , " so "  they can work while considering the country 's national interests and to prevent individuals using their personal opinions which , sometimes inadvertently , leads to disturbing the  society 's  atmosphere . " The minister said he was issuing a final warning to anyone who moved against "  national interests . " Attempts to find any reporting of Abbas Khameneh 's arrest in state-run media were unsuccessful , as were efforts to reach top officials with the country judiciary or foreign ministry to confirm that the arrest took place . In Holland in late June , Yashar Khameneh was getting very worried about his father . "  I thought I should tell the public , " he said . Khameneh began speaking to the media . This week , Khameneh said , he was at a loss . "  I do n't know what else to do , " he said . "  I do n't know . I do n't know . "  I can just hope . " Opinion : Did Facebook bring down Mubarak ? CNN 's Banafsheh Keynoush and Jennifer Deaton contributed to this report .	25-year-old Iranian contributed to Facebook page insulting imam Yashar Khameneh says his father was arrested for his Facebook activities He says government has demanded passwords in exchange for freedom But Khameneh says he does n't manage the page and can not take it down
Washington  CNN  -- It has long been the dream of many a liberal advocate : to have an unabashedly outspoken , cleverly articulate justice who can take on the conservative majority and inspire young progressives for decades to come -- a "  Scalia for the Left , " as many have called it . If confirmed , Elena Kagan may or may not turn out to be that intellectual counterweight to conservatives Justice Antonin Scalia or Chief Justice John Roberts . But Kagan displayed in her confirmation hearing Tuesday what those two men share -- a ready public wit and disarming sense of humor . Time and again , the nominee sought to subtly charm lawmakers on the Senate Judiciary Committee , many of whom tried to press her for candor on a range of contentious issues such as gun rights , executive power and military recruiting on campus . Kagan 's funny asides during 10 hours of questioning appeared spontaneous , and colleagues say that is her style : someone who is serious about the law but who enjoys a good laugh , often at her expense . Sen. Arlen Specter , D-Pennsylvania , quizzed Kagan on a favorite topic of his -- allowing cameras in the Supreme Court , which most justices oppose . "  It means I 'd have to get my hair done more often , Sen. Specter , " Kagan replied . The senator paused and appeared not to immediately get the joke . But he quickly recovered . "  Let me commend you on that last comment and I say that seriously , " he said to laughter in the room . "  You have shown a real admirable sense of humor and I think that 's really important . ... We are looking for somebody who could moderate the court , and a little humor would do a lot of good . " When it comes to being funny , it helps to have a willing and ready partner . Kagan found that in the folksy , clever phrasing of Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , who asked her about her 1995 statements criticizing past Supreme Court confirmation hearings as a "  vapid and hollow charade . " "  Let 's try to go back in time and say you 're watching these hearings and you were critical of the way the Senate conducted these hearings , " said Graham , drawing chuckles in the hearing room . "  Are we improving or going backwards ? And are you doing your part ? " "  I think you 've been exercising your constitutional responsibilities extremely well , " Kagan said , smiling broadly and drawing out the word "  extremely . " "  So , it 's all those other guys that suck , not us , right ? " responded Graham to huge laughs . On another occasion , Kagan was left giggling by an exchange between Sen. Chuck Grassley , R-Iowa , and committee chairman Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont . Grassley had asked the nominee about a paper she wrote as a college student that took a critical look at how judges decide cases . "  Is it appropriate for judges to mold and steer the law ? " Grassley asked . "  All I can say about that paper is that it is dangerous to write papers about the law before you 've spent a day in law school , " Kagan said . "  I wrote that paper before I spent a day in law school . I was trying to think about whether to go to law school and I decided to write a paper about law in order to figure out whether I was interested in the subject ... So I would just ask you to recognize that I did n't know a whole lot of law . " Her careful answer brought laughs , and Grassley joked it caught him by surprise . "  You know if I accept your answer , it is going to spoil a whole five minutes I had here , " Grassley responded . "  Chuck , go ahead and accept it , " Leahy cut in , to laughs . "  Let me enjoy it anyway , will you ? " a smiling Grassley said . Late in the day , conservative Sen. Tom Coburn , R-Oklahoma , said he would ask Kagan a "  softball " question . "  Promise ? " Kagan replied , looking skeptical at first , and then grinning softly . The biggest laugh of the day came from another exchange between Kagan and Graham . The subject was the not so-funny topic of terrorism and the 2009 attempted Christmas day bombing of a Detroit-bound airliner . "  The Christmas day bomber , where were you at on Christmas day ? " Graham asked . "  Sen. Graham , that is an undecided legal issue , which well , I suppose I should ask exactly what you mean by that , " Kagan began . "  I 'm assuming that the question you mean is whether a person who was apprehended in the United States is ... " Graham interrupted , saying , "  No , I just asked you where you were at on Christmas . " Without hesitation , Kagan replied in perfect deadpan , "  You know , like all Jews , I was probably in a Chinese restaurant , " tossing her head and shrugging her shoulders in the process . Sen. Charles Schumer , D-New York , clapped his hands animatedly at the comment . To be fair , the members of the court usually labeled liberal -- Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Sonia Sotomayor , and the retired John Paul Stevens -- all display great legal minds but not much sharp-edged humor or the willingness to engage in spirited debate for which Kagan is known . Justice Stephen Breyer is equally smart and he too shares a sense of humor , but that tends to fall on the quirky , self-deprecating side . On the conservative side , friends of Justice Clarence Thomas -- who almost never speaks at arguments -- note he has a great wit and a hearty laugh . Colleagues call him the funniest justice you never hear about . If confirmed as expected , the 50-year-old Kagan could have years of humorous highlights ahead of her on the bench . With Roberts , Scalia , and Breyer , she could help make the traditionally sober court a little more light-hearted . Schumer paid Kagan a high compliment Tuesday , noting Scalia gets the most laughs during high court oral arguments . "  If you get there , and I believe you will , " Schumer said , "  you 're going to give him a run for his money . "	Confirmation hearing displays Elena Kagan 's sense of humor Nominee jokes that televising Supreme Court sessions would force her to get her hair done more often Kagan and Sen. Lindsey Graham engage in humorous exchange
CNN  -- World No. 1 Victoria Azarenka made it 15 straight wins in 2012 after she defeated Yanina Wickmayer to reach the Qatar Open semifinals . The Belarusian , who claimed her first grand slam title at the Australian Open in January , beat her Belgian opponent 6-0 6-4 in just over an hour . Azarenka , the top seed , revealed a change in her emotional approach over the past year has reaped rewards and propelled her to the top of the rankings . "  Last year at this time I was a little bit of a mess , " she was quoted as saying on the WTA Tour 's website . "  I could n't control any of my emotions . Ambitious Azarenka downplays the pressure of being No. 1 "  That 's one thing when I came back after Doha to Indian Wells I had to change , my mentality on the court , the way I approach a match , the way I approach tough moments . "  Now , I do n't try to think about why something is happening to me . I just try to accept it and deal with it . " Azarenka certainly did n't look under any duress during her victory over Wickmayer , taking the first set in just 21 minutes . "  I would consider the first set as a perfect set . I was really going for every shot I could and everything was working , " Azarenka said . "  In the second set I had opportunities in every game , I just could n't convert them . But it 's important the way I finished the second set . It was the same way as I started the match . " Azarenka 's reward for another impressive win is a final four clash with Agnieszka Radwanska after the Pole beat Christina McHale , from America , 6-1 6-1 . Third seed Samantha Stosur , from Australia , also booked her place in the last four with a 6-2 2-6 6-3 win over Romanian Monica Niculescu . The 2011 U. S. Open champion said : "  It 's one of those matches where when you are in control , you have to keep going and keep going and keep going , and know you 're going to miss a few but you 're going to make more than you miss . "  Monica plays a unique game that at times can put you off , but at the end of the day I 'm happy with the way I bounced back in the middle of that third set . " Stosur will play France 's Marion Bartoli in the semis after the fifth seed defeated Lucie Safarova , from the Czech Republic , 7-5 4-6 6-1 .	World No. 1 Victoria Azarenka wins 15th straight match in 2012 Belarusian beats Yanina Wickmayer to reach Qatar Open semifinals No. 3 seed Samantha Stosur defeats Monica Niculescu 6-2 2-6 6-3 Agnieszka Radwanska and Mario Bartoli also through to final four
Washington  CNN  -- Congress is launching a broad-ranging investigation into possible waste , misuse and corruption tied to billions of taxpayer dollars used to support private military contractors in Afghanistan . Among the questions being raised is whether money provided in a nearly $ 2.2 billion trucking contract in the war-torn country went to pay off local warlords and the Taliban . The investigation comes as the Obama administration begins deploying another 30,000 troops to Afghanistan . The White House has requested more than $ 70 billion to fund the war in fiscal year 2010 , according to a Senate subcommittee memo . "  Serious allegations have been brought to -LSB- Congress ' -RSB- attention that private security providers for U.S. transportation contractors in Afghanistan are regularly paying local warlords and the Taliban for security , " said Rep. John Tierney , D-Massachusetts , who chairs the House National Security and Foreign Affairs Subcommittee . "  After a preliminary inquiry , it has been determined these reports warrant a full-scale ... investigation . If shown to be true , it would mean that the United States is unintentionally engaged in a vast protection racket and , as such , may be indirectly funding the very insurgents we are trying to fight . " Eight companies currently split the Afghan host nation trucking contract , which went into effect in May . The contract , according to Tierney 's subcommittee , provides ground transportation in Afghanistan for more than 90 percent of supplies for U.S. troops , including food , fuel and ammunition . Most supplies are shipped overland via Pakistan to Bagram Airfield , the main U.S. base in Afghanistan . They are then distributed to hundreds of other smaller airfields and bases . In the Senate , an oversight subcommittee headed by Sen. Claire McCaskill , D-Missouri , also is looking into how contractor money is being spent . Federal auditors state that approximately $ 950 million in "  questioned and unsupported costs " has been submitted by Pentagon contractors for work in Afghanistan , according to a report prepared for Congress . That amount represents 16 percent of the total contract dollars examined so far . The U.S. government has spent more than $ 23 billion on contracts in Afghanistan since 2002 , the report states . There are currently 104,000 Pentagon contractors in Afghanistan -- a figure that could rise to 160,000 to support President Obama 's planned troop increase , according to the report . Roughly 100,000 U.S. troops are slated to be in Afghanistan at the height of the coming surge .	Among questions is whether $ 2.2 billion trucking contract went to pay warlords "  Serious allegations have been brought to -LSB- Congress ' -RSB- attention , " says congressman "  It has been determined these reports warrant a full-scale ... investigation , " Rep. Tierney said
CNN  -- The father of a New Year 's Day baby pleaded guilty Thursday to killing the infant by violently shaking him . Camryn Jakeb Wilson was the first baby born in 2008 in Summit County , Ohio , arriving at 12:33 a.m. January 1 . Craig Wilson 's guilty plea in Akron , Ohio , to murder and child endangering charges ended a yearlong saga surrounding the death of Camryn Jakeb Wilson , the first baby born in Summit County , Ohio , in 2008 . "  This type of crime is always difficult to understand , but today I do hope that Camryn 's mother has some closure and that today is one step toward healing , " Summit County Prosecutor Sherri Bevan Walsh said . Camryn 's mother , Crystal Wilson , had left the 10-week-old infant in his father 's care on March 12 , 2008 , while she attended a meeting . When she returned to their Cuyahoga Falls home she found Camryn in a baby swing , listless and breathing abnormally while her husband of 10 months sat on a couch . Doctors at Akron Children 's Hospital quickly determined that Camryn had suffered traumatic brain injuries and bleeding in his eyes that could only have been caused by violent shaking . Learn about shaken baby syndrome " Camryn died in his mother 's arms , surrounded by other family members , on March 25 , 2008 , shortly after being removed from life support . Craig Wilson , 29 , confessed to police that he was frustrated after an argument with his wife over his ex-girlfriend and a child he had with her . He shook and squeezed Camryn before laying him in the swing but had n't intended to hurt the infant , he told police . The National Center on Shaken Baby Syndrome estimates that as many as 1,400 babies annually are injured or killed by shaking . Despite the confession , the case dragged on for a year after an autopsy showed Camryn had suffered broken ribs prior to the fatal shaking . The finding raised the possibility that another person had previously abused Camryn and perhaps contributed to his death , said Jonathan T. Sinn , Craig Wilson 's defense attorney . See photos of the family " Craig Wilson 's trial was scheduled to begin Monday . Sinn had hoped to negotiate a plea deal with prosecutors that would send Craig Wilson to prison for a flat 20-year term , but in the end , prosecutors would n't budge . "  From the moment my client was arrested , he took responsibility for his actions and for the killing of his child , " Sinn said . "  From a human perspective , that 's very admirable . From a defense perspective , it makes it difficult to mount a defense when somebody acknowledges completely their guilt . " Judge Lynne Callahan sentenced Wilson to 15 years to life . He is unlikely to be paroled in less than 20 years , Sinn said .	Ohio man pleads guilty to murder , endangering children Craig Wilson confessed to shaking baby after argument with wife Autopsy suggested 10-week-old infant had been abused before
CNN  -- Perhaps the most frightening scenario facing Manchester United is that however bad this season has been , it could get a whole lot worse . Embarrassed by great rival Liverpool on Sunday , light years behind in the race for the English Premier League title and on the cusp of European humiliation , it has been a year to forget for those so used to success . Since Alex Ferguson stepped aside after winning the club 's 20th league title , his replacement David Moyes has presided over one of the most painful periods in the club 's recent history . On Wednesday , the nadir awaits -- the possibility of exiting the Champions League at the last-16 stage to Greek side Olympiakos . Without a massive turnaround in domestic fortunes , the three-time European champion will not qualify for the continent 's top club competition next season unless it wins this year 's edition -- a task which looks improbable given recent performances . Not since 1995-96 has United failed to qualify for the Champions League -- but that reality could soon come to fruition . Olympiakos will arrive at Old Trafford in confident mood after winning the first leg 2-0 , according to the visiting team 's adviser Christian Karembeu . Karembeu , who won the Champions League on two occasions as a player with Real Madrid , says the runaway Greek Super League leader is relishing the opportunity of causing a big upset . "  The first victory was a revolution and everyone was talking about us and it made a big impact , " the 1998 World Cup winner told CNN . "  For us it is already a big step we have made and we are proud of what we 've done . "  I used to tell the team that nothing is easy and it 's not done yet because it 's going to be tough at Old Trafford . "  It 's going to be dangerous but we have to focus on what we 've done , what we can do better , and hopefully we can repeat those performances . " United , which has won all three home matches in this year 's Champions League , lost in the round of 16 last season after being beaten at Old Trafford by Real Madrid . Olympiakos is aiming to make the last eight for the first time since 1999 , and with the domestic title already wrapped up , a foray into the later stages of the Champions League would provide some extra end-of-season excitement . Not that Karembeu is getting ahead of himself -- Olympiakos has never won at Old Trafford and managed just one away victory in qualifying for the knockout stage . "  Manchester United is a big , famous club but that was only the first battle , " the former France international said . "  The foundation and philosophy is still there but it 's normal there are many changes . "  Hopefully United will stay like that but I think they 'll come back again . "	Manchester United faces Champions League exit Olympiakos takes 2-0 lead to Old Trafford Wednesday Christian Karembeu backs Greek side 's chances United unlikely to qualify for next year 's competition
CNN  -- Hurricane Ophelia got even more powerful Friday night as it churned across the Atlantic toward Bermuda , the National Hurricane Center reported . A tropical storm watch was in effect for that mid-Atlantic island , but Ophelia 's increasingly northerly path suggests it wo n't directly threaten the coastal United States . The system was disorganized and seemed to be weakening last week . But it has gained steam in recent days and earlier Friday was upgraded to a Category 3 hurricane . According to the center 's 8 p.m. update , Ophelia had maximum sustained winds of 120 mph , which is 5 mph stronger than those recorded three hours earlier . Its center was located 480 miles south-southeast of Bermuda . Ophelia has also gotten faster , increasing in speed 4 mph as it heads north at around 16 mph . With an expected turn more to the north-northeast , the storm is expected to strike the eastern part of Bermuda late Saturday , reports the hurricane center . The Miami-based forecasters said that there could be fluctuations in Ophelia 's intensity over the next 12 to 24 hours , followed by a gradual weakening . Hurricane-force winds extended about 30 miles from the storm 's eye , center said . Tropical storm-force winds , which are winds between 39 mph and 73 mph , have been recorded 175 miles away . Meanwhile , Tropical Storm Philippe has strengthened somewhat as it spins farther east in the Atlantic , with its eye some 1,100 miles east-northeast of the Leeward Islands as of 5 p.m. Friday . As of that update , its sustained winds were 50 mph , which is slightly stronger than the previous update . The hurricane center predicted "  some weakening " over the next 48 hours , during which it was set to turn more toward the west-northwest .	NEW : Ophelia now has maximum sustained winds of 120 mph NEW : It is set to hit portions of Bermuda late Saturday , hurricane center predicts Tropical Storm Philippe , meanwhile , is getting stronger in the eastern Atlantic
The sights of Paris are among the most familiar on the planet , but now tourists have a "  new " way to see them -- by helium-filled airship . Airship Paris 's zeppelin -- 75 meters long , five stories high and as wide as a four-lane motorway -- made its inaugural commercial flight over a region of villages and woodland northwest of Paris on Sunday . On clear days , the company says , the Eiffel Tower would be visible in the distance . The Chateau de Versailles and Seine River are other sights to be seen on the airship 's itineraries . The German-made craft , the first commercial dirigible to fly over the Paris region in 30 years , according to Airship Paris , may have similar dimensions to an A380 superjumbo jet , but it 's a little slower at maximum speed : 90 kilometers an hour , at a 900-meter altitude . Tickets on the dirigible will be somewhat more expensive than other Paris tours , such as a seat on an open-top tour bus : prices start at just more than $ 200  $ 265  for a half-hour flight . Non-flammable fuel The shadow of the Hindenburg disaster still hangs over airships , even though the hydrogen-fueled craft -- caught forever on spectacular newsreel footage -- exploded over a New Jersey airfield more than 75 years ago , in 1937 . Airship Paris is quick to emphasize the safety of its new zeppelin . "  This is probably the most safe aircraft -LSB- flying -RSB- because the gas inside is helium -LSB- which is -RSB- completely non-flammable , " airship pilot Catherine Board , who is half-British and half-Belgian , told the Telegraph . "  If the engines fail , unlike an aircraft , which has to come down , -LSB- the airship -RSB- can float ... until we find a safe place to land . " Airship Paris hoped its zeppelin would become a familiar sight in the skies above France , not only for carrying downward-peering tourists , but for transporting cargo or for scientific missions . However , one barrier to realizing those plans is simply the lack of existing infrastructure on the ground to cope with such a large aircraft .	Airship takes to skies around Paris for first time in 30 years Latest zeppelin is size of jumbo jet -- but a lot lighter and slower Tickets a little more expensive than most Paris tours ... make that a lot Non-flammable gas makes craft "  safest way to fly "
CNN  -- Here is a look at the life of tennis great Martina Navratilova . Personal : Birth date : October 18 , 1956 Birth place : Prague , Czechoslovakia  now Czech Republic Birth name : Martina Subertova Father : Miroslav Subert Mother : Jana Navratilova Other Facts : Her parents divorced when she was young . She was raised by her stepfather , Mirek Navratil , and took his last name . He was her first tennis coach . She plays tennis left-handed . She has won 18 Grand Slam singles titles , 31 Grand Slam doubles titles and 10 Grand Slam mixed doubles titles . She is a gay rights advocate . Timeline : 1972 - Wins the Czech National Championship . 1975 - At the age of 18 , Navratilova defects to the United States . 1978 - Wins her first singles title at Wimbledon against Chris Evert . 1978 , 1979 , 1982 , 1983 , 1984 , 1985 , 1986 - Is named Player of the Year by the Women 's Tennis Association . 1981 - Becomes a naturalized citizen of the United States . 1983 - Wins her first U.S. Open . 1986 - Returns to Czechoslovakia for the first time to compete , for the United States , in a tennis match in Prague . 1992 - Breaks the tournament titles record with 158 titles , more than any other person . 1994 - Retires from playing singles having won 167 titles . 2000 - Is inducted in the International Tennis Hall of Fame . 2003 - Becomes the oldest player to compete in the Fed Cup . 2004 - Participates in the Summer Olympics in Athens as the oldest tennis player . February 24 , 2010 - Is diagnosed with a non-invasive breast cancer , ductal carcinoma in situ  DCIS March 15 , 2010 - Undergoes a lumpectomy . May 12 , 2010 - Begins radiation treatment at L'Institut Curie in Paris . June 5 , 2010 - Competes in the senior women 's doubles at the French Open and wins . March 27 , 2012 - Is eliminated as a contestant on "  Dancing with the Stars . "	Martina Navratilova is one of the most successful women 's tennis players of all time She won 167 singles titles on the WTA Tour , including 18 grand slam crowns Navratilova is a campaigner for gay rights and a television pundit
CNN  -- As more technology goes mobile , "  where " has become one of the key pieces of context in daily life . And the answers to "  where " increasingly are provided through geographic information systems  GIS  , a technology that is being explored , debated and celebrated today in public . It 's GIS Day , and events are being held in 45 U.S. states and 59 countries . Find a GIS Day event near you GIS is an umbrella term to describe tools used to gather , transform , manipulate , analyze and produce information about real-world places . It 's used to create maps and 3-D models , and to provide information to create more accurate reports and make better decisions . It also powers popular interactive services like Google Street View , or GPS features that help apps on your smartphone know what you mean by "  nearby . " The point of GIS Day is to demonstrate uses of GIS that are making a difference in society , from getting driving directions on your cell phone to geocaching games to the global response to the Haiti earthquake . Presentations , demonstrations and discussions will cover such far-ranging topics as transportation , defense , education , agriculture and more . Every event is unique . I 'll be attending the GIS Day event at the University of California , Berkeley , where I 'm hoping to try out the free app GeoBeagle on my Android phone in a geocaching exercise . Some GIS Day events  like the UC Berkeley one  are conference-style and geared toward adults . But many are specifically kid - and family-friendly . For instance , Myford Elementary School in Irvine , California , is hosting a GIS Day event that includes first-graders making "  map hats " and fourth - and fifth-graders playing geo - "  Jeopardy . " Most events are free and open to the public . GIS Day grew out of Geography Awareness Week , an annual campaign launched in 1987 by the National Geographic Society to promote geo-literacy and draw attention to "  the importance of geographic understanding in ensuring our nation 's economic competitiveness , national security , environmental sustainability , and the livability of our communities in the 21st century . " Of course , GIS technology is n't all roses and sunshine . When GIS-enabled devices or systems know where you are and where you 've been , it opens substantial concerns about privacy , safety , security and equity . GIS technology can pave the way for the more effective or equitable delivery of products and services , or it can empower communities to better look after their own local interests . But it can also enable new types of discriminatory "  redlining , " or encourage overeager law enforcement agencies to snoop . How much locative information is OK to share , and who should have access to it ? Where to draw that line will probably be one of the most important "  where " questions discussed at today 's GIS Day events .	GIS Day aims to show how geographic information systems can aid society Amy Gahran will be attending the GIS Day event at the University of California , Berkeley GIS Day grew out of Geography Awareness Week , an annual campaign launched in 1987
CNN  -- Jorge Lorenzo extended his MotoGP series lead to 20 points after winning the Catalunya Grand Prix for the second time in his top-level motorcycling career . The Yamaha rider started Sunday 's race from second on the grid , but outshone Honda 's polesitter Casey Stoner as the reigning world champion lost more ground in the overall standings after finishing fourth . It was Lorenzo 's third victory in five races this season , and second in a row after winning at Le Mans last month . He was runner-up in his two other MotoGP starts at Montmelo , and also won there with Aprilia in the 250cc class . He came home five seconds ahead of fellow Spaniard Dani Pedrosa , with Italy 's Andrea Dovizioso third on a Monster Yamaha Tech 3 . Stoner sets pace in Catalunya qualifying "  I 'm really happy with this victory as it was a very tough weekend . We performed a lot better than yesterday as in qualifying it was very hot , " said the 2010 world champion , who had to make up ground after Pedrosa took the early lead . "  The grip on the track after the rain this morning was also not so great . I followed Dani and watched him , he slowed his pace and eventually made a mistake so I was able to pass him then give it full throttle . " Pedrosa was disappointed despite finishing on the podium at Montmelo for the eighth time , being 10 points behind teammate Stoner in third overall . "  A second place is always a second , but I really wanted to win today , I can not feel happy , " he said . "  I tried to attack but with 10 laps remaining I could n't keep the pace . It was hard to control the bike on braking and in the exit of the corners , so I was defensive because I knew my corner speed was not so good . I made a mistake and I had a big wheelie , so Jorge got past me and I could n't follow him . " Stoner , who plans to retire at the end of this season , was also disappointed -- having won the previous four races held at Spanish circuits . "  We gave it everything at the end but we just did n't have the pace , especially in the beginning with the hard tire , " the Australian said . "  With the performance we had during the weekend we expected to be a little stronger throughout the race . " Dovizioso 's British teammate Cal Crutchlow was fifth ahead of Spain 's Alvaro Bautista and seven-time world champion Valentino Rossi of Ducati . Germany 's Stefan Bradl was eighth on a Honda , with Ducati 's Nicky Hayden ninth and fellow American Ben Spies 10th . Spies dropped from second early in the race , which was a big blow after qualifying in fourth on Saturday . "  I just made one mistake in the race and blew our chance , " the 27-year-old said . "  We were going good in the beginning but I was getting impatient with Dani . "  He was holding me up but I could n't make the pass on the straight so I had to go for it on the brakes and unfortunately got out onto the edge of the track . I got up and we got back into it and our pace was pretty good , unfortunately it was too late to get back to the front . "	Spanish motorcyclist Jorge Lorenzo wins on home soil to extend championship lead The 2010 world champion heads home compatriot Dani Pedrosa in Sunday 's race Last year 's winner Casey Stoner loses ground in standings after finishing fourth Seven-time world champion Valentino Rossi is back in seventh for Ducati
CNN  -- The CEO of pizza giant Papa John 's has apologized to a Sanford , Florida , customer after a delivery man accidentally dialed the customer and left a racist rant on the man 's voice mail . The apology came after a customer posted on YouTube a video of the voice mail message , which featured the delivery man using racial slurs as he complained to another Papa John 's employee about the size of tips he receives from African-Americans . The customer , who is not identified and is not shown on camera , shows the receipt for $ 15.26 and said he gave the delivery man a $ 5 tip -- more than 20 % -- on Sunday . Then the customer plays the roughly four-minute message . "  I guess that 's the only requirement for being a  n-word  in Sanford , " the driver told a colleague . " ... Yeah , they give me five bucks there -- fine outstanding African-American gentleman of the community . " The driver 's colleague can be heard laughing . During the message , the delivery man can be heard singing the racial slur repeatedly . The video went viral , generating an outcry on social media . Papa John 's CEO John Schnatter took to social media , posting an apology on Facebook and Twitter for "  the reprehensible language used by two former employees . " "  Their thinking and actions defy both my personal and the company 's values and everything for which this company stands . The employees responsible for this absolutely unacceptable behavior were immediately terminated , " Schnatter wrote on Monday . "  My heartfelt apology goes out to the customer involved , his family , and our community at large . I am very sorry that anyone would be exposed to these hurtful and painful words by any person involved in any way with our company . " Schnatter said he also personally reached out to the customer to "  share my own thoughts and offer my deepest apology . " The incident came as Sanford remains in the national spotlight because of the 2012 shooting death of an unarmed black teenager . The shooting raised questions about race relations and sparked large protest in Sanford after police declined to arrest George Zimmerman , who said he shot 17-year-old Trayvon Martin in self-defense . Zimmerman goes to trial next month on a charge of second-degree murder in connection with the killing . In 2012 : Papa John 's apologizes for receipt 's racial slur CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	Papa John 's John Schnatter apologizes for employee 's language A customer posted a YouTube video of a racist rant by a pizza delivery man The delivery man accidentally dialed the customer and left the message Two employees have been terminated , Schnatter says
CNN  -- Former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto was nearing the tomb of Pakistan 's founding father when blasts struck near her convoy in Karachi , Pakistan , killing at least 124 people . Fire erupts from a car in front of the vehicle carrying former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto . Mohammed Ali Jinnah , who led Pakistan to independence and championed equal rights , stood for democracy and human rights . That Bhutto chose to visit his grave was an important symbolic move , said Akbar Ahmed , former Pakistani ambassador to the United Kingdom . "  The fact that she went to to Mr. Jinnah 's mausoleum would send a message to Pakistanis ... that Jinnah remains the symbol of all Pakistan , " he said . "  The fact that she selects Jinnah reemphasizes that she is taking a mainstream position in Pakistan politics . " She had planned to stop and pray at the tomb , then deliver a speech to her supporters . The streets were packed with people watching her motorcade pass . Bhutto and those with her were not injured in the attacks , and her companions said she reached her family home safely . The windshield of the vehicle she was riding in was smashed by the blasts , CNN 's Dan Rivers said , and a vehicle that was following hers was totally burned out . The scene , he said , was "  absolutely horrendous , " with blood literally running in streams down the street . Watch how Bhutto escaped uninjured " The blasts confirmed fears of instability linked to her return , which came after she reached a controversial agreement with Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf that will allow her to seek re-election as prime minister . Many were bitterly opposed to that deal . "  This is what everyone feared , " Rivers said . Ahmed said Musharraf , who is waiting to see if the Supreme Court confirm his eligibility as president , will most likely take this opportunity to strengthen his position . "  He will say , ' I told you so , He will tell Washington I told you so . He will tell Benazir Bhutto I told you so . This is not the time for you to come back , stay out let me handle the administration , let me be the strong man , ' " Ahmed said . Bhutto , 54 , returned to the country Thursday after eight years of self-imposed exile . Earlier this month , Musharraf 's office announced he had signed a "  reconciliation ordinance " that dropped outstanding corruption charges against Bhutto and a number of other politicians . See a timeline of Bhutto 's life in politics " Officials had warned Bhutto to delay her return because there were reports that some "  extremist elements were bent on hurting her , because she was seen as coming with an American agenda , " said Tariq Azim Khan , Pakistan 's information minister . It 's unclear who was behind the blasts . Bhutto 's Pakistan People 's Party considers the incident an assassination attempt against her , officials said . "  The primary suspects , of course , are the al Qaeda-Taliban alliances because they have named her as a primary target . She stands for democracy , she stands for a pro-Western position in Pakistan politics and , of course , her gender , " Ahmed said . "  At the same time , do n't forget there 's a history of bad blood between her party and the intelligence services . " Bhutto told CNN just before returning to her homeland that she was aware of the risks and knew some people wished her harm , but "  I 'm prepared to take them . " She did , however , tell CNN on Wednesday that she wrote Musharraf a letter naming those she feared would make an attempt on her life . Threats against her , she said , were made by "  certain people who have gained a lot through dictatorship . They have presided over the rise of extremism , they have created safe havens in the tribal areas of Pakistan for the Taliban and other militants and they fear my return . " Bhutto , daughter of deposed Pakistani Prime Minister Zulfikar Ali Bhutto -- served as prime minister from 1988 until 1990 , when her government was dismissed amid corruption allegations that she denied . Her father , who founded the PPP , was executed in 1979 . Bhutto returned to power in 1993 , but again her government was dismissed amid corruption allegations in 1996 . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Syed Mohsin Naqvi contributed to this report .	At least 124 dead following blasts in Karachi , Pakistan Benazir Bhutto returned to country earlier in the day after eight years of exile Bhutto was going to tomb of Jinnah , who led Pakistan to independence Bhutto may have been targeted for being female and being pro-democracy
CNN  -- A couple years ago , a Microsoft researcher named Gordon Bell embarked on a personal experiment : He would wear a video camera around his neck all the time and keep this "  life recorder " always turned on , so it would record everything he did . It was like an external memory drive for his brain , he wrote in a book called "  Total Recall . " Sounds pretty sci-fi , right ? Not so much . The "  real-time sharing " updates Facebook announced Thursday aim to do something quite similar -- only for the Internet instead of in real life . Before we get into the details and implications , here 's a "  real-time " example of how the updates , which are rolling out in the coming weeks , will work : As I write this , I 'm listening to the band LCD Soundsystem on an Internet music service called Spotify . Because I 've updated my Facebook page  here 's a TechCrunch article on how to do that if you 're interested  and because I 've logged in to Spotify with my Facebook identity , every song I listen to is automatically shared to Facebook . Suddenly , my listening experience is n't private . It 's public . All my Facebook friends are watching . And judging . Chances are this will affect people 's behavior online . If you 're a closet fan of Lady Gaga or Bjork or Enya  I 'm all three  , then you 'll just have to stop listening to those potentially mockable artists -- either that , or all your Facebook friends will be chiming in with comments : "  OMG , you 're listening to that ?! " In the old world of Facebook , I would have to click that I "  liked " a song for it to show up on my Facebook profile page . That 's something you have to think about : "  OK , I really like this song , and I really want all of my friends to know that I 'm listening to it right now . " Now , sharing is both passive and automatic . It 's a choice you make in advance -- one time -- and never again . And so it goes with all kinds of the new "  real-time " apps . Since I 've logged in to Yahoo! News with Facebook , every time I read an article on that site , it goes to my Timeline . The same is true for Hulu and TV shows . And for the Internet game "  Words with Friends . " When I play a Scrabble-style word in that game , it will show up on Facebook , along with an image of the current playing board . For Facebook , this is obviously a good thing . The site 's goal -- as postulated in "  Zuckerberg 's Law " -- always has been to get people to share more and more information about themselves . That 's bound to happen in this new auto-share era . It 's also ostensibly good for makers of Facebook apps . In a presentation in San Francisco on Thursday , Netflix CEO Reed Hastings said he was initially skeptical of the deal , since it would give Facebook so much information about Netflix 's customers ' preferences for movies and TV shows . He decided it was smart , however , after he used the real-time app integration for himself and decided it was so addictive that it would doubtlessly result in more people watching more videos on Netflix -- a good thing for him , of course . But the benefits for Facebook users are less clear . Tech bloggers and analysts worry these automatic , real-time updates will kick off a new level of oversharing . If you were sick of hearing about what your aunt had for breakfast and who your co-workers had "  friended " on Facebook , wait until you know every single song they 've listened to and every single movie they 've watched . "  It 's not hard to imagine Facebook sharing more than doubling after the f8 launches , " Liz Gannes wrote at the blog AllThingsD . "  Millions of tiny little actions are going to move from implicit to explicit . You can start to see why Facebook enabled its ` ticker ' news feed earlier this week  that 's the dizzying real-time stream that many users have been complaining about  . There 's going to be a ton of information flying by . " With every one of these "  passive " shares , users are teaching Facebook a little more about themselves . That 's incredibly valuable to advertisers , who can use that data for target marketing . It 's also a potential invasion of privacy , Justin Brookman of the Center for Democracy and Technology writes at The Daily Beast . "  Since a one-time click will grant a persistent permission to any app to collect and disclose personal information on your behalf , Facebook will have to make sure its users fully understand the implications of these new apps before roll-out , or risk another round of privacy backlash , " he says . Brookman sides with Facebook on the changes , though . "  For Facebook , of course , the point is for you to provide them more data about your life , which they can use to serve you ads you 'll be more likely to engage with  which makes them more money  . But there 's potentially real value here too , if people can discover ways to share their music-listening and cooking habits with friends in a perhaps lighter-touch way . " Passive sharing is n't a privacy invasion , but it is "  killing taste , " Farhad Manjoo wrote at Slate . "  Why do you share a story , video , or photo ? Because you want your friends to see it . And why do you want your friends to see it ? Because you think they 'll get a kick out of it , " he says . "  I know this sounds obvious , but it 's somehow eluded Zuckerberg that sharing is fundamentally about choosing . You experience a huge number of things every day , but you choose to tell your friends about only a fraction of them , because most of what you do is n't worth mentioning . " The MIT Technology Review notes that Facebook tried something like this in 2007 . It failed . "  The new features may prove controversial , " Tom Simonite says . "  In some ways they resemble Beacon , a failed project from 2007 in which sites like Amazon automatically posted updates to Facebook when a person bought something . Beacon was canceled after public protests over a lack of privacy controls . " We 'll see how the public reacts to what Zuckerberg calls "  real-time serendipity " when these changes launch in a few weeks . But if these changes stand , and if people do sign up for these new-new Facebook apps with auto-share built in , then all of us may soon have a semi-public record of everything we do online . Just like Bell , the researcher with a camera around his neck .	Facebook unveils "  real-time " features The changes will roll out over coming weeks New apps will post to Facebook automatically , if approved The result : Facebook is watching your every online move
CNN  -- Would you give up a six-figure salary to become a school teacher ? That 's what 42-year Jon Fitch did . The Vanderbilt MBA graduate was leading a team of 20 people toward the end of his 15-year executive marketing career , while managing a $ 15 million budget and various responsibilities with Move , Inc. . In October he left that career behind and is now found in the classroom working toward a teaching degree and a master 's in political science . He says he hopes to teach high school social studies and political science at the community college level . He is paying for his education with his savings and hopes to be teaching by fall of 2012 at the latest . Fitch , who lives in San Jose , California , said climbing the corporate ladder was n't fulfilling . He decided that teaching was his true calling . "  I 'm much happier being out of the corporate environment , which I found to be frustrating and political , " he said . Fitch says his work-life balance was completely out of balance and he typically found himself working on the weekends and felt tied to his phone 24 hours a day . "  It was hard to have boundaries because you 'd hear the ` bing ' of a new e-mail and you just had to look at the message , " he said . His wife had been in advertising and marketing and made the switch to teaching 10 years ago . She was very supportive of his decision to seek a happier work life , he said . "  I think that made a big difference . Otherwise you could be consumed by guilt that you 're doing something to make yourself happy while asking others in your household to sacrifice , " he said . And while 1 in 10 Americans is unemployed , those who do have jobs are finding themselves increasingly miserable at work . Fewer than half of U.S. workers  45 percent  are satisfied with their jobs , the lowest level since record-keeping began 22 years ago for The Conference Board , according to a survey released earlier this month . Fitch said making the decision to switch careers was n't easy . "  Part of your identity gets wrapped up in what you do , it becomes part of who you are , and to shed that skin , so to speak , is hard , " he said . "  However , my experience was that money could buy security , but not happiness , and we spend too much time at our jobs not to take the risk and try something new . " Fitch and his wife do n't have kids , have saved a lot for retirement and were in a comfortable financial position for him to make a career move -- a luxury that many families do n't have . So how can someone less financially stable than Fitch safely succeed at switching careers ? Certified career coach Hallie Crawford says it 's not impossible , but it might take longer than Fitch to make the change . She suggests creating a financial transition plan and thinking creatively about how to make your move . As part of that plan , ask these questions : • Could you find a part-time job to support yourself while you 're working toward your dream job ? • Could you try to gain experience in the field you want by volunteering outside of your current job or doing freelance work ? • Can you go to school at night or on weekends to develop new skills ? Crawford says you need to develop a practical way and time frame to carry out your plan so you do n't create added stress by stretching yourself too thin financially . She once found herself in a similar position where she wanted to switch careers and did it by using a "  bridge " job to get her there . "  I took a four-day-a-week job that paid a little less than my previous position , and started my career coaching practice on the side , after hours , " she noted . "  Two years later , I left the old job and starting coaching full time -- and have been coaching ever since . " In addition to creating a plan , Crawford says you should make sure you really want to make a change and that your dissatisfaction "  is n't just a passing phase . " She says , "  Many people think they need a dramatic change because they 're so unhappy , but more often than not , they do n't need as dramatic a change as they think . " Sometimes you can make adjustments at your current job , find another position within your company or find something that 's related to what you 're doing , Crawford says . Secret to success Networking with professionals in the field you want to be a part of is one of the most successful ways to land a job , said the career coach . "  I had a former client reach out to me last week who said that talking with people is the best way to realize all the options , " she said . The biggest mistake people make is letting fear and negative thinking stand in the way of obtaining a goal , said Crawford . "  I actually think more people do n't pursue their dream and give up on it than people trying to make it happen and failing , " she noted . Fitch says he found a quote he believes is appropriate to the topic of switching careers -- "  We more often regret those things we did n't do , than those things we did . " And so far , the former marketing executive says , he does not regret walking away from his career to pursue his passion .	Survey : Fewer than half of U.S. workers are satisfied with their jobs CNN interviewed man who ditched his six-figure marketing career to pursue his dream job Career coach : Network with people in the profession you are interested in pursuing
CNN  -- A few days ago , I was coming home from school with a Polish priest . As we walked , he blurted out , "  The smell of spring ! " We were surrounded by the scent of freshly cut grass . I looked around and realized that indeed spring had come ; here and there , a number of trees had begun to bud , and the lowly but beaming margarita flower was in full bloom . One thought immediately came to my mind : It has been a year since the election of Pope Francis . It had been raining all afternoon that day in March 2013 . Despite the bad weather , many had come to St. Peter 's Square . As usual , there were flags from different nations , singing and shouting in different languages -- all this had always been a staple at St. Peter 's Square . But that evening was different : People had come to see what the chimney would produce after it yielded black smoke on two earlier papal votes . I was with the throng , among those who were closest to the basilica . It was a scene of joyful anticipation . It was already dark when white smoke poured from the chimney , telling everyone that a new pope has been chosen . Spontaneous applause and cheers filled the square , and then , as if it had been deliberately orchestrated , the sky began to clear and the evening became pleasant , cool and cloudless . Then came the tolling of the bells , the entry of the army of Swiss guards , the music played by the brass band and lights from the balcony . Photos : The night Francis was chosen A few more minutes and then appeared an elderly cardinal speaking the words : "  Annuntio vobis gaudium magnum HABEMUS PAPAM Georgium Marium Bergoglio qui sibi nomen imposuit Franciscum . " There was a momentary silence . The names were not anticipated : neither Bergoglio , for he was not considered among the strong contenders , nor Francis , for no pope had previously taken that name . Suddenly , great applause followed this short lull . There were roars of approval all around , shouts of "  Viva il Papa ! " I distinctly heard a young priest affirming , "  Francis ! Oh , this is revolutionary ! " Our new Pope Francis appeared . After a short message and before giving his first apostolic blessing , he asked the people to pray for him , to beseech the Lord to bless him , their bishop . A solemn silence reigned at St. Peter 's Square . Francis broke the silence with his first blessing as pope . Then he took his leave , leaving everyone with an informal "  Good night and sleep well ! " To this the crowd responded in jubilation . Opinion : Why Pope Francis is so shocking That evening was auspicious . There were several things that kept me awake that night . The new pope was non-European ; he took the name Francis ; he bowed and asked his flock to pray for him , their shepherd ; he ended his first speech in a very candid , familiar greeting . And the words from the young priest : "  Revolutionary ! " The weeks and months that followed confirmed the charisma of this new pope . St. Peter 's Square is always packed with huge crowds during general audiences and the Sunday Angelus . Like the candor in his first address , he ends every Sunday gathering with "  Buon pranzo ! "  "  Have a good lunch ! "  People are hanging on to what this pontiff says : the novelty in his words and deeds and how different groups would interpret them . The "  Pope Francis effect " I took advantage of this privilege that I am in Rome to follow closely what this new pope has to say and what he does . Most of the time , I take his words from my point of view as a priest , as one who is a co-worker in ministering to the people . In sharing my thoughts and reflection on the first year of his papacy , I also take this bias of one who has the task of shepherding . I see the first year of Pope Francis ' pontificate as one of preaching joy and mercy . He told the faithful gathered at the Palm Sunday Mass : "  Do not be men and women of sadness ; a Christian can never be sad ! " And perhaps this is what makes the pope an even more relevant figure in today 's world . Under Francis , we would expect a revitalization of the church , that he would continue to make it closer to those in the peripheries . It is an echo of the action of the other Francis , the man of Assisi , rebuilding the church of Jesus . The spring evening in which Pope Francis was elected is an apt symbol of the beginning of his papacy and the years that will follow . Perhaps it is not a mere coincidence that his pontificate coincides with the 50th anniversary of the Second Vatican Council . If Vatican II opened the windows for the spring air to come in , the papacy of Pope Francis opens the doors for the church and her pastors to go out -- and here I would like to quote from his homily to priests on Holy Thursday : "  May  Jesus  renew his Spirit in our hearts , that this anointing may spread to everyone , even to those ` outskirts ' where our faithful people most look for it and most appreciate it . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Joel Camaya .	Father Joel Camaya was in St. Peter 's Square when Pope Francis was elected last year He remembers hearing a young priest exclaim , "  This is revolutionary ! " Camaya reflects on Francis ' first year , hopes pope will lead "  a revitalization of the church " Have a personal essay to share with the world ? Submit at CNN iReport
CNN  -- A vintage P-51 Mustang aircraft crashed in the Gulf of Mexico near Galveston , Texas , Wednesday , killing two people on the plane , authorities said . The World War II-era aircraft , owned by the Lone Star Flight Museum and known in recent years as the "  Galveston Gal , " was used to give rides to people seeking a flying experience . According to U.S Coast Guard spokesman Petty Officer Steve Lehmann , the captain of a charter fishing boat called the Coast Guard about 11:40 a.m.  12:40 p.m. ET  Wednesday to report he had just witnessed a plane go down between Chocolate Bay and Galveston Bay . The Coast Guard sent a small boat and a helicopter and also called state and local authorities and a volunteer rescue group . They found the plane in about 3 to 5 feet of water , with both occupants dead , officials said . Names of the victims were not immediately released . Sgt. John Sampa of the Texas Department of Public Safety , said the plane crashed in an area known as West Bay . Federal Aviation Administration records say the plane was built in 1944 . According to the museum 's web site , the plane was converted to a two-seat , dual-control training aircraft while serving in the El Salvadoran Air Force in the 1960s . In recent years , it was painted with the "  Galveston Gal " markings and was used to give people a flight experience for about $ 2,000 a flight . In 2011 , a highly-modified P-51 Mustang crashed into a group of spectators at the Reno Air Races in Nevada , killing the pilot and 10 others , and injuring more than 60 people . Plane makes emergency landing on highway in Hawaii Banner plane crashes near stadium Passenger lands plane after pilot falls ill	The captain of a charter fishing boat witnessed the crash The aircraft went down in shallow water in an area know as West Bay near Galveston The World War II-ear plane was used to give rides to people seeking a flying experience
CNN  -- A group of women in a violence-plagued area of the Philippines came up with their own weapon to end the fighting -- a sex strike . The women withheld sex from their husbands until they promised to quit fighting . Their stand helped end clashes in July between villages in rural Mindanao Island , a recently released U.N. Refugee Agency report says . U.N. Refugee Agency report A separatist rebellion has been underway on the Filipino island of Mindanao since the 1970s . Families of Dado village had been displaced because of it since 2008 and are working to rebuild their community with the help of the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees  UNHCR  and other aid organizations . Women of the village came up with the idea of a sex strike as a way to help rebuild their village and to bring peace during a UNHCR sponsored sewing cooperative . Many of the women were fed up with not being able to deliver their products due to the violence that closed down a main road between two villages . UNHCR Spokesperson for Asia , Kitty McKinsey , said she witnessed the women quietly implement the solution to withhold sex from their husbands until the fighting stopped -- and it worked . "  I told them , if you do n't agree with me , you will get no salary from me , " says Aninon E. Kamanza of the Dado village sewing cooperative in a UNHCR video report . Within weeks of the strike starting , the UNHCR reports that the main village road re-opened and the fighting stopped . The women of the sewing cooperative along with other villagers were able to deliver their goods and start to rebuild the economy . "  Women wanted their husbands to not fight anymore and by using their feminine wiles they were able to enforce their wish , " said McKinsey . The idea of withholding sex for a cause is not a new one -- the ancient Greek play Lysistrata tells the story of women who organized a sex strike to end a war between Athens and Sparta . More recently , a strike was launched in 2006 in the Colombian city of Pereira , known for its drug trafficking and violent crimes . The strike was implemented by wives and girlfriends of gang members to get them to change their lifestyle and hand over their guns . A similar campaign was carried out by women in Kenya in 2009 to protest the growing divide in Kenya 's coalition government . Sporadic fighting is still present in Mindanao near Dado village , but it is very localized , McKinsey said . The sex strike is just one of the ways the people in Mindanao are using to implement change . "  I was really touched by how people did n't want handouts , " she says , "  They were all really happy and eager to help themselves . "	A separatist rebellion has existed in the Mindanao island since the 1970s UNHCR says women created a sex strike to get men to stop fighting The strike helped end clashes in July between villages on Mindanao island
When I was in my 20s , a girlfriend surprised me by saying that we did n't have to worry about overpopulation because technology would make sure we always had what everyone needed . Of course , economists have been saying this for decades . And of course , billions of people today do n't have what they need . Because such people as my old girlfriend and economists presuppose that unlimited economic growth is necessary and also believe adding billions more humans to the world is desirable , I would like to share some thoughts about such thinkers , whom I 'll call "  Growthers . " Why do Growthers think we should add billions more humans to the world ? Do they want more consumers ? Or is it something deeper , more biblical , more fruitfully multiplied ? All of the above ? Whatever their impulse , compulsive craving for "  no limits " to economic growth and human numbers is irrational . A finite planet comes with limits . The United Nations expects the population to grow to about 9.6 billion people by mid-century ; that 's two more Chinas . That worries me . Yet in The Wall Street Journal on Saturday , April 26 , Matt Ridley expressed these views when he reassured us , "  There are no limits because we can invent new ways of doing more with less . " He does n't see that this very acknowledgment undermines his premise . If limits do n't exist , why would we need to do more with less ? He continued : "  Oil and gas ... will run out one day , but only in the sense that you will run out of Atlantic Ocean one day if you take a rowboat west out of a harbor in Ireland . Just as you are likely to stop rowing long before you bump into Newfoundland , so we may well find cheap substitutes for fossil fuels long before they run out . " Is it possible to think more incoherently about matters of such importance ? And as a mariner I must point out -- if only for safety -- that a rowboat far in the open ocean is a frail and vulnerable craft . Another big blind spot in the unlimited growth view is the fact that other species also need to live here with us . But other creatures pay for our growth . Meanwhile , populations of fishes , amphibians , mammals , reptiles and birds are all declining worldwide . Species are going extinct about 1,000 times faster than the natural rate -- in other words , the rate it would be if humans were n't around . North America 's pursuit of growth obliterated the tall prairies , exterminated the continent 's most abundant birds and marginalized many mammals . An Africa of unlimited human growth will lose free-living elephants , apes and cats , natural landscapes and free-flowing rivers . It happens when farms and towns replace plains and forests . Would farming Africa like we 've farmed the Plains solve Africa 's problems ? Food is n't Africa 's only problem . Already , Ethiopia 's planned dams threaten the nation 's own people and Kenyans who rely on Lake Turkana for water and food . Competition and conflict always shadow the broad edges of humanity 's tent , and a bigger tent tends to inflame tensions . Like all continents , Africa focused on growth would still have poverty , hunger and conflict . Better to focus on reducing poverty , hunger and conflict . Growthers and I agree that it 's great that farmers can grow more food on fewer acres than in the past . We disagree utterly on why it 's great . Growing food with increasing efficiency could solve human hunger and the need to give space back to other animals who need it -- if humanity does n't continue to grow . But no-limits people want more food to feed more mouths . That keeps civilization on an endless Red Queen treadmill of running faster to stay in place . It means that more efficient food-growing accomplishes nothing . It means that more food will not end hunger . The Green Revolution solved the food production problem of its time . It did not solve hunger because we did not achieve the family planning revolution needed with it . Had we stayed for the main event -- stabilizing population -- the whole world might have reached a wonderful sweet spot in nutrition , health and security . What we got was billions more people and , consequently , more people living with hunger and poverty . More efficient technology and fewer people could help . But more people erase the benefits of technological efficiencies . We are forced toward more efficiency precisely because we 're scraping deeper into an emptying barrel . Petroleum once ran out onto the ground in Pennsylvania . People collected it ; they did n't even have to drill . Hydraulic fracturing for shale gas was n't considered viable a decade ago because it 's difficult and expensive . Economists and Growthers say , "  Look , we have n't run out because technology saves us . " Well , look , fracking is a symptom of hitting limits . Technology is forced to keep up with the pace at which we are running out . That you still have some checks left does n't mean you 're not going bankrupt . Fracking is postponing the switch to clean energy while the planet warms and oceans acidify . Should n't we work now on what 's needed next ? Digital tech saves us time . It does n't save elephants and apes , lions and tigers , bears and eagles , salmon and rivers , orchids and forests , giraffes and pandas , coral reefs and turtles . Human growth dooms the animals we paint on nursery-room walls . Different kinds of growth -- more poor people versus more affluent people -- doom them differently . Economists can feel enthused about boosting unlimited growth only if they 're not worrying that our accomplishments continue to come at the expense of forests , grasslands , coral reefs , the ocean , other creatures , and native peoples . And what are the accomplishments of growth ? Has the doubling of world population in my lifetime caused the world to become more peaceful and secure , kinder and more humane ? Do we have computers and digital cameras and smartphones and Ibuprofen because there are billions more people than half a century ago ? No . We have them because engineers improve technology over time , not because the population has doubled . Quantity is n't the same as better . Life improves with qualities such as health , safety , love , family , community , and compassion . More stuff , more crowding , more competition , more profiteering -- and let 's be plain , profiteering is what economists ' growth-mania is always about -- is n't what makes life worthwhile . It 's only fair to poor people to let them in on the main secret of wealthy , educated and successful people : smaller families mean larger lives . In the happiest of coincidences , the thing that brings fertility down fastest happens to be the same thing that brings down poverty : educating girls . Illiterate women bear three times as many children as do literate women , and their children tend to stay poor . Meanwhile , each year of schooling raises women 's earning power by 10 % to 20 % . And when people are a little better off , they desire fewer children . Gender and justice is always a good combination . For any pie , the biggest slices get cut at the least-crowded tables . The easiest , least expensive and most efficient way to have a bigger slice of the pie is to limit the number of guests you invite . Most of us know that the secret to a big life is a small family . It works on a global scale , too . If you love your children , humanity and the world , you want to take the best possible care of them , not crowd them out of the house . Growth for the sake of growth ? I do n't see the point .	Carl Safina : Some say innovations will solve problems of unlimited population growth U.N. expects world population to be 9.6 billion people by 2050 ; that 's two more Chinas Safina : Billions more people mean more people living with hunger and poverty , conflict Safina : Unlimited growth also accelerates the extinction of animal species , environments
CNN  -- The sudden momentum toward a bipartisan plan to reform the U.S. immigration system has sparked a torrent of discussion about this politically charged and emotional issue . Here 's a sampling of voices from across the spectrum of viewpoints : "  Anything other than having these people going home and apply through our regular immigration system that successfully admits over 1 million people every year is amnesty , " said a CNN commenter using the screen name ninesixteen . "  Allowing them to wait in the U.S. is a reward . Our immigration is deliberately constructed to not let in unlimited numbers . These people violate our laws yet expect to be allowed to stay and work when others wait patiently in their countries . Legalization is wrong . " Immigration Q&A : Amnesty or path to citizenship ? "  Illegal immigration has already put massive and unaffordable burdens on the welfare state and with 20 million or more applying for Amnesty , this will simply accelerate this process , " said Tea Party Nation founder Judson Phillips , who argues that the real number of undocumented immigrants in the United States is higher than the frequently cited 11 million figure . Mexico ` welcomes ' new U.S. immigration reform push "  I 'm a liberal democrat but here 's the problem with this law , " said a CNN commenter going by the screen name Riprod . "  Legalize them and now they have to pay taxes , SS  Social Security  , get minimum wages , union participation etc. . Now they are no longer economically employable by farmers , construction , landscapers and hotels , hotel workers , etc. . So we are left with 11 million more on welfare while these companies search outside our border for more workers . No , I 'm totally against this , they 're illegal , arrest them and kick them out . Secondly , it took me 20 years and about $ 40,000 to get my citizenship legally and I feel cheated when I see this . " By the numbers : Immigration and naturalization "  They need to make them do things the right way . Spend the thousands of dollars to file that paperwork properly . Make sure all the criteria is met . Put them through the ringer like they do anyone else who applies for Residence in the United States , " CNN comenter Melissa Bickers said . "  First fix the border . Then make e-verify federal law , and enforced . After that is done , I will welcome the 11 million illegal immigrants , " CNN commenter "  David " said . What 's in Senate immigration plan ? "  What I am asking for is that President Obama consider every category of immigrant as he moves forward with immigration reform . I have to say , it irks me a bit when I hear that illegal immigrants will not be deported when I have waited for months and spent thousands of dollars to do it ` the right way , ' " said CNN iReporter Julie Richard , a Canadian who married an American but said she was n't allowed back in the country after a visit home with the couple 's infant daughter . The couple has had to spend seven months apart , she said , while sorting through immigration issues . Immigration plan : A new era of bipartisanship or a political necessity ? "  It is vital that the framework includes a path to citizenship , so that undocumented immigrants can come out of the shadows and into the light and have a chance to become Americans . It gives hope to millions of our fellow human beings , " Archbishop JosÃ © H. Gomez of Los Angeles , chairman of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops ' Committee on Migration . iReport : Under deportation , above fear	Immigration reform proposals have sparked nationwide debate A bipartisan group of senators has proposed one plan President Barack Obama is unveiling his plan Tuesday
The serial revelations by Edward Snowden , the former National Security Agency contractor who stole and leaked classified government information , have ignited a variety of disputes in the United States and around the world . Is the collection of metadata , detailed records of phone calls and other communications , as benign or as malignant as it has been portrayed ? What are the proper limits in conducting electronic surveillance of geopolitical allies or of ordinary citizens ? How much government espionage activity must be publicly available to really give meaning to the concept of "  consent of the governed " ? Is it appropriate to secretly compel private enterprise to assist in intelligence collection ? Tough questions all , but they give rise to another even more important one . Will the Internet as we know it survive the barrage of headlines and accusations ? As commonplace as the net has become , it 's hard for even older folks to remember the world before we all became wired . And younger generations do n't even try to picture that benighted universe . But the net is recent , the product of visionaries like Vinton Cerf and his colleagues at Stanford in the early 1970s ; they developed the Internet 's original protocols for the Department of Defense so department labs and a few universities could pass among themselves large volumes of data quickly and easily . The World Wide Web that would take off from that Defense Department start would be a multistakeholder enterprise : nongovernmental , collaborative and  certainly at its origin  largely American . The Americans  i.e. , the various Internet governance structures , like ICANN , the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers , anchored in the United States and operating under a contract with the U.S. government  proved good stewards , nurturing an enterprise that was ubiquitous , free , unitary , egalitarian and democratic . Information has never flowed as freely or in such volume as it does today , enabling global commerce and global expression on an unprecedented scale . And in that , the Web was consistent with the traditional American emphasis on free enterprise and free speech , values not universally shared in today 's world . As Americans fret about the theft of personal information and intellectual property and the threat of cyberattack  dark forces leveraging the Web 's ubiquity and connectivity for dark purposes  , others are attacking the very essence of the network . They are less concerned about theft and more concerned that their citizens can access information -- any information -- as well as make their voices heard globally . In December 2012 , Russia and China pushed very hard at a meeting in Dubai of the World Conference for International Telecommunications to wrest "  control " of the Internet from its traditional governance structures  increasingly international but still with a strong American flavor  and hand it to this U.N.-sponsored body . Their apparent purpose was to make it easier for them to impose controls on their digital "  territory " and on their citizens , to transfer to cyberdomain authorities control they had long exercised in physical space . Google CEO Eric Schmidt and his co-author Jared Cohen anticipated this in their thought provoking work , "  The New Digital Age , " in which they warned of the Balkanization of the Web , with countries establishing "  sovereignty " over their digital domains and demanding the digital equivalents of visas and passports before allowing entry to their national domains , and , in the case of their own citizens , exit . Indeed , they proved prescient as countries like Brazil and Indonesia are already establishing digital "  residency requirements , " demanding that prospective cloud service providers retain data only on servers in their sovereign space , a requirement that flies in the face of the very nature and inherent advantages of a global Web . At the 2012 Dubai conference , the Russians and the Chinese got strong support from places like Iran and the Arab world , but garnered support from 89 countries , falling short of the two thirds required . And now enters Snowden . It actually does n't matter how accurate or inaccurate , precise or overdrawn , the headlines are as they allege that the United States and Britain are taking unconstrained advantage of the Web for espionage .  I , for one , doubt that NSA and Britain 's Government Communications Headquarters , are actually that interested in the personal data of the 1.5 billion people who have downloaded Angry Birds , to cite but one recent accusation . But the Russians , the Chinese , the Iranians and others will use these headlines to buttress their case and to undercut Western arguments based on free expression and free access to information . The next meeting of the International Telecommunications Union , a U.N. agency , is in Busan this October and prospects are not good for holding the line on the multistakeholder model of Internet governance , as governments demand more direct control . The current phrase to describe that development is "  splinternet " and if that occurs we will be faced with multiple ironies . The United States , the creator of the Web as we know it , will have hastened its end through its espionage sins , real or imagined . And Edward Snowden , who by all accounts is a near constant habitué of that idyllic universe , will have lit the fuse of its destruction .	Hayden : Snowden revelations raised questions about data collection , surveillance He says some nations leveraging this to change Web 's governance , control citizens He says this would let them subvert "  free expression " on the Web , counter to its nature Hayden : If "  splinternet " happens , U.S. will have helped cause it with "  sins " real , imagined
CNN  -- Did French intelligence services miss vital clues as Mohammed Merah showed signs of growing radicalization ? In the words of the French newspaper , L'Express , on Thursday : "  Did the security services fail in their surveillance ? " How do western intelligence agencies choose who to focus on as terror suspects , amid hundreds that express or harbor militant views ? Do they have sufficient resources ; and where lies the balance between surveillance and the protection of civil liberties ? These are just a few of the questions emerging after Merah 's killings . Merah had been on the radar of the French intelligence service for several years . He 'd been detained in Afghanistan in 2010 and repatriated to France -- only to return to the Afghan-Pakistan border area in August of last year . He 'd been interviewed by the French security services last November after returning from the Af-Pak area a second time . But he had apparently persuaded them , even showing photographs he had taken , that he had been on a tourist trip . In addition , it has emerged that Merah was on a U.S. no-fly-list , according to U.S. officials , which would have prevented him from boarding any U.S.-bound flight . There were also worrisome signs before he left for Afghanistan . Two years ago , Merah "  held " a 15-year-old boy in his apartment and forced him to watch videos of al Qaeda beheadings . When confronted by his mother , he assaulted her -- and she made a report to police . French media report that after the incident Merah donned military fatigues and yelled "  I 'm al Qaeda " in the street near the woman 's house . By then , he already had multiple convictions for minor offenses , and several jail sentences . Both he and his older brother Abdelkader were known to the security services because of their membership of a small Salafist group in Toulouse . French prosecutors say Abdelkader was implicated in a network sending Islamic militants to Iraq in 2007 but not charged because of inadequate evidence . He is currently under arrest but has not been charged . But at the same time Merah did not fit any "  conventional " profile of a jihadist-to-be . He was a motor-bike enthusiast and soccer player . According to his attorney , Christian Etelin , he was usually quiet and courteous -- "  not rigid to the point of falling into fanaticism . " But Etelin said there were signs of a "  dual personality " in Merah . Friends have told French reporters of their shock at his sudden metamorphosis to killer . French Interior Minister Claude Geant defended the work of France 's equivalent of the FBI , the Direction Centrale du Renseignement IntÃ © rieur . The DCRI "  follows a lot of people who are involved in Islamist radicalism , " he said Thursday . "  Expressing ideas , showing Salafist opinions is not enough to bring someone before justice , " he said . Nor had there been any "  criminal tendencies " among Islamist radicals in Toulouse , which has a large population of North African origin , he said . French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe told a radio network Thursday that "  light must be shed " on events leading up to the shootings by Merah . "  I understand that one can ask whether there was a failing or not . As I do n't know if there was a failing , I ca n't tell you what kind of failing , but light must be shed on that , " Juppe said on Europe 1 . One avenue of inquiry may be communication between different security agencies in France . For example the DCRI tracks French citizens who have returned from overseas travels ; the role of the external spy service DGSE includes keeping tabs on foreigners in France suspected of links to extremism . Other questions include the judicial authority needed for some forms of surveillance , although police in France can tap telephones with the approval of the Prime Minister and an administrative panel . There is also the issue of budget cuts at the DCRI over the past few years . Whether and how the DCRI dropped the ball in Merah 's case has already entered the bloodstream of the presidential race in France , with the candidate of the far-right National Front , Marine Le Pen , demanding an inquiry into whether the intelligence services took necessary precautions in Merah 's case and complaining of the government 's laxity in the face of the "  fundamentalist risk . " Another candidate , FranÃ § ois Bayrou , expressed surprise that Merah had been able to buy weapons without drawing attention , after so many convictions . In past cases efforts by terror suspects to make bombs , or gather the materials to do so , have triggered alerts . For example , attempts to buy large amounts of fertilizer or other ingredients -- such as hydrogen peroxide -- used in bomb-making are often relayed to law enforcement agencies . An attempt by Najibullah Zazi to contact a handler in the Afghan-Pakistan border area as he tried make the high explosive PETN in a Denver motel room was intercepted by counter-terrorism officers . Zazi planned suicide bomb attacks on the New York subway ; he is now serving a life sentence in federal prison . By contrast , planning a gun attack -- such as those in Toulouse or at Fort Hood -- is less likely to trigger alarms . Guns are easier to acquire  though less so in Europe than in the United States  and easier to use than home-made bombs . That 's perhaps why al Qaeda propagandists like American-born Adam Gadahn have urged followers in the United States to buy weapons at gun shows . "  America is absolutely awash with easily obtainable firearms . You can go down to a gun show at the local convention center and come away with a fully automatic assault rifle , " Gadahn said in a video posted last year . Across Europe and in the United States , radicalization within rapidly growing North African and South Asian populations has stretched domestic intelligence services , especially given substantial traffic between western countries and places like Pakistan , Yemen and Somalia . Some previous terror cases - in Minneapolis , the United Kingdom and Germany -- have shown second-generation immigrants to be less assimilated than their parents , and more conflicted about their surroundings . Certainly that was the case among the bombers who carried out the July 2005 subway attacks in Britain , and among young some 20 Somali-Americans who suddenly left to wage jihad with al Shabaab in 2008 . Those who are "  self-radicalized , " who remain beyond any cell structure , who drift from one job or place of residence to another  as Merah did  are the most difficult to track . And counter-terrorism experts say a myriad of factors , many of them unpredictable , may be involved in pushing an individual from expressing militant views into committing bloody acts . Even apparently obvious signs have been missed in previous terror cases . When British intelligence broke up a plot in 2004 to use fertilizer in a series of attacks , it discounted the plotters ' links to two men - Mohammed Sidique Khan and Shehzad Tanweer . The pair went on to commit suicide bombing attacks on the London subway in July 2005 . The UK domestic intelligence agency MI5 said in a statement later that Khan and Tanweer "  appeared as petty fraudsters in loose contact with members of the plot . There was no indication that they were involved in the planning of any kind of terrorist attack in the UK . " Similarly , new research into the planning of the 2004 Madrid train bombings , published in the latest edition of the CTC Sentinel by the Combating Terrorism Center at West Point , shows extensive contacts between the plotters and al Qaeda 's leadership . For two years , according to author Fernando Reinares , a key intermediary who had been part of an al Qaeda cell in Spain since the mid-1990s planned the attacks , returning to Spain from Pakistan months before the bombings . Reinares , who became a senior adviser on counter-terrorism in the Spanish government after the attacks , writes that when the Madrid cell was dismantled in 2001 , there was insufficient evidence to prosecute at least three men . All became ringleaders in the bombings that killed 191 people on March 11 2004 . Germany 's problems in tracking right-wing extremists are also instructive . After several immigrants were murdered by neo-Nazis between 2000 and 2007 , investigations established a lack of co-ordination between different state and federal agencies . The government responded with a plan to establish a central database of right-wing extremists available to the police and state authorities . But legal experts have questioned the criteria for including suspects and the blurring of lines between intelligence services and the police . Some critics also say such databases can include so many names that they become redundant . By any standard , the record of the French intelligence services has been impressive to date , aided by some of Europe 's toughest anti-terrorism laws . More than 200 people in France have been convicted of terrorism-related offenses since 2001 . A French counter-terrorism source told CNN in 2010 that the security services had established a large network of informants within France 's Muslim communities - but cautioned that it had proved much more difficult to recruit informers among the younger generation of French Muslims . On Thursday , President Nicolas Sarkozy announced plans for legislation that would make it an offense for anybody to view jihadist websites regularly in France or travel abroad for jihadist training . There has been no terror attack on mainland France since 1995 , when a series of bombings was claimed by a group calling itself the Armed Islamic Group general command . One of the devices exploded at a Toulouse police station . The man behind the attacks , Khaled Kelkal , was also of Algerian origin and had grown up in a poor district of Lyon . But the 17 years of peace since is unlikely to spare the DCRI from some penetrating questioning after the events of the last week . CNN Terrorism Analyst Paul Cruickshank contributed to this story	Merah "  held " a 15-year-old boy in his apartment and forced him to watch al Qaeda beheadings Merah was on a U.S. no-fly-list , according to American officials He 'd been detained in Afghanistan in 2010 and repatriated to France
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Iraqis celebrated in the streets Tuesday for the withdrawal of U.S. troops from their cities and towns under an agreement signed last year with the U.S. government . A crowd gathers Tuesday after a deadly bombing in the northern Iraqi city of Kirkuk . But celebration was tempered by fears of renewed violence as insurgents launched new attacks . At least 30 people , including women and children , were killed in what security sources called a "  huge bombing " Tuesday in the northern Iraqi city of Kirkuk . Dozens were wounded in the attack in a busy shopping area in a predominantly Kurdish part of the disputed oil-rich city . Hundreds died in a series of dramatic attacks in the past 10 days , after months of relative quiet . President Obama hailed the withdrawal as an important milestone . "  The Iraqis are rightly treating this day as a cause for celebration , " Obama said Tuesday . "  The very fact that Iraqis are celebrating this day is a testament to the courage , the capability and commitment of every single American who has served in Iraq . ... Through tour after tour of duty , our troops have overcome every obstacle to extend this precious opportunity to the Iraqi people . " Citing the Kirkuk bombing , Obama warned of tough times ahead and said the United States would continue to support Iraq as it works to become "  a "  sovereign , stable , and self-reliant " country . Earlier , the top U.S. general in Iraq insisted shortly before the Kirkuk bombing that much of the country is safe . "  There is not widespread violence in Iraq , " Gen. Ray Odierno told reporters in a videoconference from Baghdad . Watch as Odierno notes the deadline marks an "  important day " in Iraq " "  There 's still gon na be bumps in the road . There 's still gon na be violence here , " he said . U.S. combat troops will remain in Iraq , in bases and outposts outside of major population centers , after Tuesday 's pullback . Odierno said the cities would feel "  significantly different " without U.S. "  battalions , " even though there will still be Americans in the cities as military trainers and advisers . Newscasters on the state television network Al-Iraqiya draped Iraqi flags around their necks as an on-screen clock counted down to midnight Monday . Earlier Monday evening , hundreds of people danced and sang in a central Baghdad park to mark the U.S. pullout . Watch Iraqis celebrate in the capital " "  I feel the same way as any Iraqi feels -- I will feel my freedom and liberation when I do n't see an American stopping an Iraqi on the street , " Baghdad resident Awatef Jwad told CNN . There were no columns of tanks rolling out of Baghdad or thousands of troops marching out of other cities as the deadline approached . The U.S. military has been gradually pulling its combat forces out of Iraq 's population centers for months , and they were already gone by the weekend , Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell told reporters in Washington . iReport.com : Spirits are high as Iraqi troops prepare for handover But Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki and other Iraqi and U.S. officials had warned of an increase in attacks around the withdrawal date as remaining insurgents attempt to re-ignite the sectarian warfare that ravaged the country in 2006 and 2007 . While many Iraqis publicly said they are glad to see Americans out of their neighborhoods , some were worried about what the future may hold without the U.S. military nearby . "  Without the Americans , we were afraid of each other , " Hanaa Abdul Hassan , a Baghdad resident , told CNN . "  And now that the Americans are leaving , we will be more afraid . We knew the Americans were holding them back , so now I do n't know what 's going to happen , " she said , without specifying who "  they " were . But U.S. officials believe Iraq 's police and army can keep a lid on the violence , which Morrell said was at the lowest point "  in the history of this conflict . " Thomas Ricks , a senior fellow at the Center for a New American Security who has written extensively about Iraq , said he was not convinced Iraqi security could keep violence under control "  No one knows whether the forces can handle it . It 's a leap of faith we 're taking here . My concern is we 've taken this leap of faith before and it has n't worked , " he told CNN . "  The real thing for Iraqi security forces is n't whether they 're trained or better equipped than the militias and the insurgents . The question is whether they 're better motivated . The militias and insurgents knew what we were fighting for . The question has always been , do Iraqi security forces know what they 're fighting for ? " he said . Four U.S. soldiers serving in Baghdad died Monday of combat-related injuries , the latest of more than 4,300 Americans to die there since the U.S-led invasion in 2003 . The U.S. military announced the deaths Tuesday without giving further details . A Web site associated with the Baath Party posted a statement attributed to ex-leader Saddam Hussein 's former deputy , Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri , early Tuesday , calling the American pullout a "  historic victory " for the insurgents . "  The 30th of June 2009 is your precious and glorious day that embodies your historic victories , " the statement said . "  For your enemy and the enemy of God decided to flee the battlefields dragging the tails of disappointment and defeat to protect its fleeing soldiers in a few and limited fortified bases , where they think they will find safety from your heroic charges and Godly strikes . " Al-Douri , the highest-ranking member of Hussein 's government to remain at large , is believed to be a top figure in the insurgency . His apparent statement urged Iraqis to keep fighting Americans "  wherever they may be in Iraq . " By mid-2006 , the conflict had become a low-level civil war , marked by the dumping of bodies in the streets on a daily basis . The conflict began to subside in late 2007 , after Washington committed extra troops and supported a turn against the jihadists by Sunni Arab tribal leaders . Under an agreement signed in the waning days of the Bush administration , all U.S. forces will be out of Iraq by the end of 2011 . Most will be gone by August 2010 under the withdrawal plan laid out by Obama . The 130,000 U.S. troops who remain are now tasked with supporting Iraqi troops and police , and will require Iraqi permission to launch operations in the cities . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh and Michael Ware in Baghdad , Iraq , contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama : "  Iraqis are rightly treating this day as a cause for celebration " Hundreds of Iraqis dance and sing in Baghdad park to mark U.S. pullout Bombing kills at least 30 in northern Iraqi city of Kirkuk , police official says Iraqi woman : "  Now that the Americans are leaving , we will be more afraid "
Montreal , Canada  CNN  -- Canadians expressed outrage Thursday after the release of Guy Turcotte , a cardiologist who in 2009 confessed to killing his children as they slept in their beds . What many wanted to know was how a father who stabbed his children dozens of times could be free after 46 months of confinement . Those voices echo the grief of Turcotte 's ex-wife , Dr. Isabelle Gaston , the mother of 5-year-old Olivier and 3-year-old Anne-Sophie . As Gaston pored over her children 's autopsy reports , she wished she had no idea what they meant . But as a physician and a coroner , she knows it 's true : Her children suffered a long , gruesome death . "  I knew it was not a short death . You know , my little boy received 20 stabs of a knife , he had seven marks of defense , " she told CNN in an interview at her home before Turcotte 's full release . "  He had no wound that was the one that gave him death , " she added , trying to hold back tears . "  My little girl , she had 19 wounds , maybe she was luckier ? Because she had one that was more mortal than the other . But she felt 19 shots , that 's for sure , " Gaston said . Turcotte confessed to killing his children in February 2009 but a year later a Canadian jury failed to convict him of the murders , finding him not criminally responsible due to mental illness . At trial , Turcotte testified that he was distraught over his crumbling marriage and snapped , insisting he blacked out and does n't remember killing his children . The jury believed the testimony of two psychiatrists paid for by his defense . They testified that Turcotte could not have known what he was doing when he repeatedly stabbed his children . "  Why do n't I accept that he is mentally ill is when I look at the facts , " Gaston said . "  We have a person that is a cardiologist that never had a psychiatric incident , not at all . I have trouble to understand how someone in five hours or six hours will do an interview of someone and have a conclusion that he is not a danger to society or is mentally insane . " Even the Canadian government has weighed in , calling Turcotte 's release "  unacceptable . " "  We believe that Isabelle Gaston does not deserve to live in fear of her children 's killer and neither do victims of similar crimes across Canada , " said James Moore , a federal cabinet minister . The Conservative government of Prime Minster Stephen Harper is drafting legislation to make it more difficult for mentally ill offenders to be released from psychiatric facilities , but the pending legislation is not expected to influence Turcotte 's case . In fact , Turcotte told the psychiatric review board that released him that he is looking forward to leading a normal life in the future and hopes to practice medicine and have children again . "  To know that my children faced the person that they should have trusted the most and they were left by themselves to die . No one holding their hand , " Gaston said . "  I struggle , OK , I struggle all the days , every day of my life and I think till I die I will struggle . "	Canadian doctor who stabbed his children freed from mental hospital Cardiologist Guy Turcotte confessed , served 46 months Children 's mother , also a doctor , says she wants answers Jury found Turcotte not responsible because of mental illness
London , England  CNN  -- I did n't need to read the findings of a recent Australian research study to know that most women who live with their mates have more body fat than those who do n't . For 10 years , researchers studied nearly 6,500 women , age 18 to 23 , and found , according to one of the study 's authors , Dr. Wendy J. Brown , that "  Women with no partner and no baby averaged 11 pounds over 10 years . With a partner and no baby they gained about 15 pounds , and if they had a partner and a baby they gained 20 pounds . "  The findings appear in the February issue of the American Journal of Preventive Medicine . Researchers can speculate on the reasons for this , but it 's not news to me . Of the thousands of women I 've met who are desperately seeking to reshape their bodies , almost all are living with -- or just moved away from -- a partner . While I have heard many voices , their story is the same : They lust , then love . With lust comes starvation ; with love , over-consumption and under-exercise . Their love transforms from the physical to the emotional , and this usually happens after they decide to live together . But once they lift their heads above the fog of love , they look down to find that their butts are sagging , bellies are bulging and thighs have taken on interesting new shapes ! Come to think of it , many of the men who knock on my door looking for their abdominal muscles also deteriorated soon after moving in with their mates . Think about your man . Does he have the same waistline measurement as when you first signed the lease or mortgage papers ? Probably not . In fact , it probably got even worse for both of you after your first child , did n't it ?  The new Australian research references an earlier study that showed an increase in obesity in men once they 'd had children . Like the smokers I know , the overwhelming majority of whom hate to smoke , many women develop unhealthy patterns  like snacking on junk food at home  that lead to unhealthy bodies , which lead to a seriously unhealthy lack of self-esteem . We become "  less desirable , " a phrase I hear far too often . Once we arrive at this place , the frantic search begins . Many of us will do anything to recover what was once our youthful body . Sadly , many waste time and money on fad diets , pills and potions . They end up doing the yo-yo thing , torturing their bodies through obsessive experimentation with an endless list of exercise programs , almost all of which fail them , because the will to really change behavior is not yet there . So , what can we do ? First , we must think about the quality and standards of our everyday behavior more than the end result . If we can just focus on gradual improvement of our diet and our exercise programs , we will likely regain our healthier , slimmer form . But more important , we will also build our self-respect . So , taking intelligent steps  i.e. , coming up with a rational workout plan or shopping for fresher and healthier foods and eating them , not impulse snacks  , carrying the steps out consistently -- more frequently and for a longer duration -- will have a huge net benefit on our bottoms and our bottom line : love . Next , we should include our mates in our process . In my experience , for example , couples who work out together have greater success in achieving their health and weight loss goals . They also seem to get along much better and stay together longer . Transform your personal physical development time into "  date time , " doing something as simple as taking regular after-dinner walks together . Finally , cut back , but do n't cut out the fun stuff . When we are consistent with our diet and exercise programs , there is no need for maniacal starvation . We do n't need to sit at the dinner table with a radish on our plate , while our children and mates enjoy full meals . A healthy diet should not be some kind of intruder in our relationships , it should be a natural part of our lives . Besides , fun foods are what make our love lives more interesting and memorable . So eat ! But only if you do the work on the other side of those calories . Having a healthy , fit and feminine physique and a deeply loving emotional relationship are not mutually exclusive . You can have both ; and it can be done in a fun and positive way . For those of you about to move in , heed this advice : Start your program now , before your belly and your mate 's interest start to sag ! I promise : if you do n't quit , you 'll have a body that wo n't quit ! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tracy Anderson .	Trainer Tracy Anderson not surprised study says women with partners gain weight When people partner , she says , they get lax in eating , fitness habits Sticking to rational diet , exercise plan and including mate key to staying slim , she says Anderson : Moving in together ? Start fitness program now
CNN  -- That 's right , I said it . And I mean it . Roland Martin says the GOP is missing its chance to win black voters . The GOP as a whole is completely scared of black voters , and the actions by the front-runners for the party 's 2008 nomination show they are continuing the same silly political games the party has played for years . Oh , do n't bother tossing out the appointments of Colin Powell and Condoleezza Rice as secretary of state by Bush . Yes , they are African-American . But I 'm speaking of the party . Ever since Richard Nixon ran for the White House , the GOP has run on a "  Southern Strategy , " meant to alienate blacks in an effort to garner white voters . They 've worked the strategy to perfection . When he was head of the Republican National Committee , Ken Mehlman apologized for that strategy as he sought to make inroads among black voters . Republicans will tell you they are the party of Abraham Lincoln , who signed the Emancipation Proclamation , but their outreach efforts to black voters are lacking . Oh , yes , I know . Democrats have a stranglehold on the black vote , receiving upward of 90 percent in national elections . A significant part of that is a result of the party seeing blacks as the backbone of the party . But the reality is that when you have only one party that truly makes a play for those voters , of course you will see such disparities ! That 's why it 's dumb , dumb , and dumber for the leading GOP candidates to skip Thursday 's debate hosted by Tavis Smiley and airing on PBS . Mitt Romney , Rudy Giuliani , Fred Thompson and Sen. John McCain have all cited "  scheduling conflicts " as the reason for their lack of attendance to debate at Morgan State University in Baltimore , Maryland , even though Smiley personnel tell me they began discussions with then-RNC head Mehlman in February 2006 . When the debate was announced earlier this year , along with a Democratic forum held in June at Howard University , the RNC promised their candidates would speak . But those of us who follow politics knew that was n't going to happen . This summer , all of the Republican candidates , save Colorado Rep. Tom Tancredo , skipped the NAACP and the National Urban League conventions . OK , I get the former , but the Urban League ? President Bush has spoken there several times as president ! The GOP keeps blowing a big opportunity by ignoring blacks . And what about the debate sponsored by Spanish language TV station Univision ? Only McCain accepted the invite . Today 's generation of blacks and Latinos should n't be seen as the same as their parents . An increasing number of people are refusing to identify themselves with a party , and looking at issues . Latinos have been a huge part of the Republican outreach , but the immigration debate is turning that in a different direction . Why should the GOP talk to black voters , and what would they talk about ? First , I can tell you that immigration is huge in the black community , and gets folks riled up in a hurry  you ought to see my talk show lines when this comes up  . Education and health care are also major . And every GOP debate has been about faith in the public square , and we know that plays well with black voters . Now , when it comes to the war in Iraq , the GOP can forget that tune . No one is listening . And they are completely uneven on the issue of civil rights . Here is an example that further explains the GOP 's stupidity on this topic . Several years ago , a Republican in the Dallas-Fort Worth area was trying to unseat then-Rep . Martin Frost , a heavily entrenched Democrat . That summer , a series of black churches were being burned . My good friend , Michael Williams , a third-generation black Republican , was planning to hold a fundraiser at his home for the GOP candidate . He called the campaign and said it would be a good idea for the candidate to make a statement on the burnings , condemning them and saying it did n't make sense . The campaign said no . Williams called back and made the suggestion again , and the response was they did n't want to seem as if they were pandering to the black community . He laughed at that because the campaign was bringing then-Rep . J.C. Watts , a prominent black Republican , to visit black churches with the candidate . Hello ! That 's pandering . So Williams told his wife , Donna , what the candidate said . She replied , "  Any man who is such a coward that he ca n't speak against churches being burned is not welcome in my home . " The fundraiser was called off . Here was a simple opportunity to actually show that he cared , but the candidate was so scared to say something , he turned off a campaign donor . Will speaking at one debate turn around decades of black support for the Democrats ? Nope . But not speaking will just mean business as usual , and the GOP needs less of that . Roland S. Martin is a nationally award-winning , multifaceted journalist and CNN contributor . Martin is studying to receive his master 's degree in Christian Communications at Louisiana Baptist University , and is the author of "  Listening to the Spirit Within : 50 Perspectives on Faith . " You can read more of his columns at www.rolandsmartin.com The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer . E-mail to a friend	Martin : Republican outreach efforts to black voters are lacking Martin : Democrats win the black vote because they try for it Martin : GOP could appeal to blacks on immigration , education , health care
CNN  -- Israelis looking to know when to take cover are turning to their smartphones to get real-time notifications after Hamas fires rockets from Gaza . The Red Alert app co-created by Ari Sprung , an Israeli software developer born in the United States , has become increasingly popular as the conflict escalates . While the country 's Iron Dome missile defense system intercepts most rockets , some do get through . As a live interview with Sprung and CNN 's Brooke Baldwin began Wednesday , both phones -- one in Jerusalem , the other in Atlanta -- sounded in real time as rockets were fired toward the Israeli cities of Ashkelon and Ashdod . Sprung partnered with another Israeli software developer , Kobi Snir , after the 2012 escalated conflict between Israel and Hamas . "  We knew this would happen again , so we wanted to make sure we had an app ready to alert Israelis for the next conflict , " Sprung told CNN . Red Alert receives notifications when rockets are being launched from Gaza , and automatically sends out a push notification to users via the downloaded app . Their phone will play an emergency tone and display the name of the targeted community . The free app is available on iOS and Android devices . Sprung works full time at a software development company , and tends to Red Alert in his free time . The servers are hosted for free by ShartimIsrael , an Israeli web hosting company , he says . For security reasons , the developers wo n't say how they get their notifications of rockets being launched . But they tell CNN the time delay is less than a second of when the audible sirens are sounded . At one point Tuesday , a rocket was being launched every six minutes . Life in Gaza : Search for safety , or wait for destiny Once the app is downloaded , users can select which Israeli cities for which they want to get alerts . Most users select "  all areas . " Israeli officials and the Israel Defense Forces have publicly supported the app , and encourage people to download it . Before the latest Gaza operation , there were 60,000 Android users and 80,000 iPhone users , all in Israel . Today , Sprung tells CNN , there are approximately 290,000 Android users and 300,000 iPhone users worldwide , based on information from Apple 's iTunes store and Google Play store . Of the 300,000 iPhone users , 250,000 are from Israel and 50,000 are in the United States and other countries . The Android app is n't available outside of Israel due to limited server space ; instead users with an Android device wanting to receive updates can do so through the "  Yo " app . Trapped in war : ` This is tyranny ' Gilad Harazy , an Israeli native studying in the United States , has family back in Israel , and keeps up with developments through the app . "  I want to know when it hits close by where my parents live , " he says . "  I know if it hits they wo n't be able to contact me immediately , so I want to be able to know to get in touch with them to make sure they 're OK . " Harazy 's family lives in the town of Nir-Banim , roughly 20 miles from the Israel-Gaza border . His parents have approximately one minute to seek shelter once the alerts go off , he says . The time it takes for Israeli 's to seek shelter varies , based on how far they are from the Gaza border . "  It 's great to be able to know on the spot when the alarm goes off , " Harazy tells CNN . "  In Israel , you might be in a closed room not near the sirens , so this new app allows you to know when something 's going on . Although I 'm happy to be able to know when rockets fall , it 's really sad to know we need something like this . " Racing toward danger : War-scarred Gaza medical crews also in harm 's way Follow Noah Gray on Twitter @NoahGrayCNN	Israeli developers create Red Alert smartphone app It notifies users when Hamas launches rocket from Gaza People outside the region use it to follow developments in loved ones ' cities
EW.com  -- Jennifer Love Hewitt is returning to CBS : The actress is joining the network 's long-running hit procedural "  Criminal Minds " as a series regular starting this fall . Hewitt will play Kate Callahan , a "  seasoned undercover agent whose stellar work at the FBI has landed her a coveted position with the Behavioral Analysis Unit . " "  We 're thrilled to introduce a new special agent by adding the very talented Jennifer Love Hewitt to our amazing cast , " said showrunner Erica Messer . "  Many of us on the show have enjoyed working with her over the years and look forward to again . We have exciting storylines planned for her character and the entire BAU team as we head into our 10th season . " Hewitt starred in CBS ' "  The Ghost Whisperer " for five seasons through 2010 , and after that joined the Lifetime series "  The Client List , " which ran for two seasons . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The actress is returning to CBS She previously starred on "  The Ghost Whisperer " She 'll play a seasoned undercover agent
CNN  Deep in the untouched areas of Ukraine and Russia live men who have decided to leave human establishments and live isolated in nature . Photographer Danila Tkachenko tracked some of them down by calling local authorities , park rangers , newspapers and nature reserves , though it 's difficult to track down a man who has chosen to be lost . "  Often the information is not accurate , so many trips went in vain , " Tkachenko said . The hermits live in homes made of local resources -- lumber , burrows in the ground or caves -- and eat what they hunt or gather . If they fall ill , Tkachenko said , they live with the condition or treat themselves with folk methods . He said one man lost his vision completely but continues to live by himself in the woods . Occasionally the men see tourists , hunters or guests like Tkachenko , though typically they are alone . "  Communication with people has been broken off and left in the past , " he said . The names of the hermits have no relevance because they are extricated socially , Tkachenko said , and he chose to not include them in his photo captions . Many of them do n't even have documents , he said . He spent a few days with each man before taking photos . He chose to shoot on film because it draws less attention and because some of the religious hermits do not like digital technology , he said . Despite , or maybe because of their isolation , Tkachenko found that the men were open and talkative . "  They are close to nature and live in harmony with it , " he said . "  For them , it is freedom . " Tkachenko grew up in a city but has always been drawn to nature . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . "  For me it 's a place where I can hide and feel the real me , my true self , out of social context , " he wrote in his project description . He wrote that he is concerned with internal freedom and whether it is possible when constrained by social obligations and schedules . "  School , work , family -- once in this cycle , you are a prisoner of your own position and have to do what you 're supposed to , " he said . "  You should be pragmatic and strong , or become an outcast or a lunatic . How  do you  remain yourself in the midst of this ? " Danila Tkachenko is a Russian photographer . He is represented by Salt Images .	Photographer Danila Tkachenko tracked men living off the grid in Russia and Ukraine Tkachenko spent a few days with each man before taking photos
CNN  -- A 14-year-old Pakistani girl who had faced life in prison for allegedly burning the Quran will have her case heard in juvenile court , the girl 's lawyer told CNN . A local court ordered the transfer on Monday , Tahir Naveed Choudhry said . Pakistani police told CNN their investigation concluded Rimsha Masih is innocent and was framed by an imam . "  There was no legal evidence against Rimsha , " officer Munir Jafri told CNN . These developments could mark an end to the Christian teen 's nightmare since she was accused of blasphemy in August . "  This is a precursor to the case ending , and that is quite unprecedented in the 25-year history of Pakistan 's blasphemy laws , " said Ali Dayan Hasan , the Pakistan director of Human Rights Watch . Accused teen : ` I 'm scared ' Police have submitted the findings to the court . Pakistan courts usually go with what police recommend . There is a lot of evidence implicating imam Khalid Jadoon Chishti for framing the teenager and for himself tearing pages out of the holy book , Jafri told CNN . This is significant , said Human Rights Watch 's Hasan , because "  never before has a false accuser been held accountable . " The teen 's case sparked international outcry against the Pakistani government , some saying the blasphemy laws are used to settle scores and persecute religious minorities . Blasphemy laws have been a part of life in Pakistan for 25 years , first instituted primarily to keep peace between religions , Hasan said . But a military leader in Pakistan in the middle 1980s tightened the laws , introducing amendments that "  essentially made blasphemy a capital offense , " Hasan said . "  They were vaguely worded ... and became an instrument of coercion and persecution , " he said . "  The laws were disproportionately used against the weakest and most vulnerable in society -- religious minorities , women , children and the poor . " There have been 1,400 blasphemy cases since 1986 , according to Hasan . There are more than 15 cases of people on death row for blasphemy in Pakistan , and 52 have been killed while facing trial for the charge , Hasan said . Rimsha was arrested on August 16 . She and her family spoke to CNN in early September from an undisclosed location , in hiding after Rimsha was released on bail -- a move that appeared to be in reaction to the global condemnation of her jailing . The teen said she was happy to be with her family , but feared for her life . "  I 'm scared , " she said by phone . "  I 'm afraid of anyone who might kill us . " The teen spoke in short sentences , answering "  yes " or "  no " in a shy and nervous voice . In Pakistan , people accused of blasphemy are often attacked and sometimes killed by vigilantes . During CNN 's interview with her , Rimsha said , "  No , no , " when asked if she burned pages of the Quran . She would n't answer questions about what happened on August 16 . Pakistani investigators said Rimsha 's neighbor accused her of burning pages of the Quran to use as cooking fuel . The neighbor began to shout in protest , drawing a crowd that grew angry . Some neighbors said the teenager was beaten . Others said she ran back home and locked herself inside . When police arrived , they arrested her . Rimsha 's lawyers said the neighbor wanted to settle a personal score with the girl because the two did n't get along . They said it 's likely that he liked the teen and she did n't feel the same . While the latest turn in her case this week appears largely positive , her ordeal is far from over . The next hearing in Rimsha 's case is set for October 1 in juvenile court . Most victims of Pakistan 's blasphemy laws belong to minority Muslim sects like the Ahamadis , who many of Pakistan 's majority Sunnis perceive as nonbelievers , according to the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan and Human Rights Watch . Rimsha 's father , Mizrak Masih , is a Christian . He paints houses for a few dollars a day . He was adamant that no one in his family would dishonor the Quran . "  We respect the Quran just like we respect the Bible , " he said . "  We could n't imagine committing blasphemy , let alone doing it . Our children would never do this either . " A family representative said that aid groups in the United States , Italy and Canada have offered to the teen and her family a home outside Pakistan . But no matter how her case pans out , it 's unclear what kind of life she might be able to have . She told CNN in September that she wanted to stay in her home country . People will believe what they want to believe , no matter what the courts or police say , Hasan said . "  She is certainly in grave danger , " he said . "  It 's the accusation that endangers your life , and can endure . " CNN 's Rezah Sayeh contributed to this report .	Case of Pakistani teen facing life for blasphemy charge will go to juvenile court Rimsha Masih was jailed in August after she was accused of burning pages of the Quran Police now say an imam framed teen and she is innocent Human Rights Watch : This could be a major turning point in the case with larger implications
CNN  -- Roughly etched onto Brian 's arm is a swastika tattoo . Brian 's sinister-looking tattoo is etched into his skin The 11-year-old says his 10-year-old friend Temashi spent two days "  scratching " the image onto his skin with a match stick . It only hurt a little bit , said Brian , one of thousands of Zimbabwean children who have fled their ravaged homeland for what they hope will be a better life in South Africa . For Brian and his friend , the symbol of the swastika does not represent the horrors of Hitler and the Holocaust . Instead , they say the ominous jagged lines on their arms mean "  Germans never surrender . " It is a twisted interpretation that , however misguided , gives strength to Brian , marking him as a "  man " and "  someone who does not surrender , " he said quietly in a soft voice . Watch the boys explain what the tattoos mean to them " Brian and his young compatriots from Zimbabwe are on their own in a new country . Charities such as Save the Children and UNICEF classify them as "  unaccompanied minors , " but those words do not begin to describe their situation . They endure unimaginable hardships traveling to South Africa by themselves or with small groups of friends . They hitch rides on trucks , trains and taxis . Brian and his friends told CNN that when they got to the South African border at Beitbridge authorities let them walk through without passports or other documents . They then made their way to the border town of Musina , where boys beg on the streets or work on farms , and girls seem to disappear into South African society . UNICEF representative Shantha Bloemen said many Zimbabwean girls either turn to prostitution or work as domestic servants . Nearly all of the children -- some younger than 10 -- leave Zimbabwe because they hope their life will be better in South Africa . They said hunger , non-functioning schools and poverty were the reasons they left . Many are orphans , while some have parents , but they all dislike Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe 's regime -- a government that has left them with no choice but to abandon their homes and join the exodus south . A quarter of Zimbabwe 's population has fled the country , mostly to neighboring South Africa , Botswana and Mozambique , humanitarian groups said . The United Nations and Save the Children , which has an office based in Musina , report there has been a troubling increase in the number of children under 18 years old who are making the risky journey south from their homes in Zimbabwe to South Africa in search of work and food . Social workers from Save the Children and UNICEF told CNN that in June , 175 Zimbabwean children came over the border illegally and alone . In November , 1,016 kids made the same perilous journey . The boys older than 16 hang around Musina , sleeping on the sidewalk by a sports stadium along with older homeless men . Their days are spent waiting in line , jostling alongside hundreds of Zimbabwean adults , trying to apply for political asylum at a makeshift center opened by South African authorities . A South African official who processes asylum applications says it is common for youngsters to lie about their age so they can get the papers to stay in the country legally . Many , though , can not get the necessary papers because they do not carry documentation or have adults who can vouch for who they are and where they come from . So , they wander the streets , begging for money . The younger ones like Brian are picked up by police and housed in a safe place until authorities and aid agencies can figure out what to do with them . While they wait for a future that never seems to arrive , boys like Brian and Temashi -- a legacy of Mugabe 's regime -- struggle to survive in the world they now find themselves in .	25 percent of Zimbabwe 's population has fled the nation , humanitarian groups say In November , 1,016 kids traveled to South Africa , social workers say Most children say they leave due to hunger , poverty , non-functioning schools Boys work in South African farms , beg on streets ; girls become prostitutes , maids
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- On the eve of a two-day summit with U.S. President Obama , Russian President Dmitry Medvedev says both countries are "  moderately optimistic " about "  resetting " their relations . Russian President Dmitry Medvedev spoke to Italian media about conflicting views on U.S. missile defense . In an interview with Italian media RAI and Corriere della Sera , Medvedev said relations "  have begun to revive " after a period of significant deterioration during the administration of President George W. Bush . The top issue on the agenda for the two leaders , Medvedev said , is working out a new treaty on limiting strategic offensive nuclear weapons to replace the 1991 START I agreement , which expires December 5 . The Russian leader stakes out the position Russia has held for some time : that the issue of reducing those weapons is linked to the issue of a missile defense system , and he repeated his opposition to the missile defense shield the United States has proposed to be installed in Poland and the Czech Republic . The Bush administration raised the idea ; the Obama administration is reviewing the plan and has not decided whether to proceed . But , significantly , Medvedev said he thinks "  we are fully able to find a reasonable solution " to the standoff . "  In order to resolve this issue , we do not necessarily have to cancel out all the previous decisions that have been made , " he said . "  It is enough to show restraint , to show an ability to compromise . And then we can agree on the basic foundations of a new START treaty and agree at the same time on how we will approach missile defense . " The president 's remarks are the clearest expression yet of Russia 's position on linkage , and they appear to indicate that Russia will not torpedo ongoing negotiations to replace the START I treaty just because Moscow opposes the U.S. missile defense proposal . "  The Russian Federation is not against the development of such a means of defense , " Medvedev said , "  but we believe that it should not be unilateral nor , in essence , directed against one of the participants in this dialogue , a major nuclear country such as Russia . We believe that the decisions that were taken on this topic have put us in a difficult position . " A missile defense system , he said , "  must refer to global action to protect ourselves from countries which actually pose a threat today . And we are ready for such a dialogue with the United States of America . " U.S. officials insist that the Obama administration wants to work with Russia on missile defense as part of a network of interconnected systems that might include sites in Russia . But final proposals on this are on the back burner as the administration carries out a major review of its defense policy in a "  nuclear posture review , " scheduled to be completed by this fall . The Russian president , however , rejects the U.S. explanation that the missile defense system is aimed at threats from Iran . "  They are too far apart geographically . I do not understand how people can say that missile defense is linked to the problems of the Middle East , " he told the Italian media . "  Therefore , it seems to me that all these arguments have been developed simply to justify the decisions taken by the previous administration of the United States . "	Relations have "  begun to revive " after Bush administration , he says Treaty on strategic nuclear weapons tops his agenda for Obama summit He says Russia "  is not against the development " of U.S. missile defense plan
CNN  -- The U.S. House of Representatives has passed the revised version of $ 700 billion bank bailout plan intended to bolster the ailing U.S. financial system . Wall Street traders had been watching developments in Washington closely . The House rejected the original bill on Monday , sending stocks tumbling around the world . But lawmakers approved the rescue package , backed by U.S. President George W. Bush and Treasury chiefs , Friday after the U.S. Senate passed it by a large majority on Wednesday . Congress voted 263 to 171 in favor of the bailout bill . President Bush signed the bill into law Friday afternoon . Stocks on Wall Street slumped Friday , as the brutal week ended . The Dow Jones industrial average lost 1.5 percent , according to early tallies . For the week , the Dow ended down 818 points , the biggest weekly point loss in seven years and the third-biggest weekly loss on a point basis ever . The Standard & Poor 's 500 index lost 1.4 percent Friday and the Nasdaq composite lost 1.5 percent . Bush thanked all those involved and said the bill was essential to stopping the crisis on Wall Street becoming a crisis in the wider economy . Bush said it sent a message to the rest of the world that the U.S. was ready to take action to ease the credit crunch . He said it would take sometime for the bill to have an impact on the American economy . Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke said he applauded the vote . "  It demonstrates the government 's commitment to do what it takes to support and strengthen our economy . The legislation is a critical step toward stabilizing our financial markets and ensuring an uninterrupted flow of credit to households and businesses . "  The Federal Reserve will continue to work closely with the Treasury as it undertakes these new initiatives . We will continue to use all of the powers at our disposal to mitigate credit market disruptions and to foster a strong , vibrant economy , " Bernanke said . Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson , the author of the plan , said Americans would appreciate the leadership of their elected representatives . "  We will move rapidly to implement the new authorities , but we will also move methodically , " he said . Democrat House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said after the vote that hearings would be held into how the U.S. economy end up needing the bailout . Pelosi said the U.S. needed regulatory reform to prevent the same situation being repeated in the future . She said a much better bill may have been achievable in different circumstances , but the situation was urgent and middle class needed to be protected . Stock markets around the world have endured days of turmoil as a consequence of uncertainty over Washington 's response to the credit crisis . U.S. markets opened brightly Friday , following heavy losses the previous day , amid fresh expectation that the bailout plan would go through . By 11.50 a.m.  1550 GMT  the Dow Jones was up 1.79 percent and the Nasdaq was up 2.80 percent . Asian markets slipped earlier in the day with Japan 's Nikkei Exchange closing the week down 215.05 points , or about 1.9 percent at 10,939.71 -- a new three-year low . Hong Kong 's Hang Seng dropped 2.9 percent to 17,682.40 and key indexes across the region were all down . European markets were flat in morning trading , but rallied after Wall Street opened with London 's FTSE 100 up 2.15 percent , Paris ' CAC up 2.96 percent and Frankfurt 's DAX up 2.55 percent . The banking world has been in turmoil in recent weeks with many institutions scrambling for survival as credit has dried up , leaving many holding "  toxic " subprime debt following the collapse in U.S. house prices . In the latest development Friday , troubled U.S. bank Wachovia announced it would merge with Californian banking giant Wells Fargo in a deal valued at approximately $ 15.1 billion .  Full story The merger will include all of Wachovia 's banking operations , Well Fargo said . Wachovia had looked set to be sold to Citigroup in a deal brokered by the federal government . The core of the Senate financial bailout bill is a plan to buy troubled assets from banks , but the proposal includes a number of new provisions aimed at ordinary people struggling under the credit crunch . Blog : Will the bailout plan fix the economy ? The changes -- including $ 110 billion in tax breaks and raising the limit at which bank deposits are guaranteed from $ 100,000 to $ 250,000 -- were intended to attract more votes from the House -- especially from Republicans , two-thirds of whom voted against that version . Explainer : What next for the bailout plan ? But the bill also includes some odd sweeteners -- so-called "  pork-barrel legislation " -- such as an excise tax exemption for a very specific type of arrow used by child archers , a $ 478 million tax incentive scheme to encourage movie companies to continue producing films in the U.S , and measures to allow employers to provide benefits to employees who commute to work by bike . Watch where 's the pork ? " Speaking in Friday 's debate , Republican Congressman Steven LaTourette accused senators of "  larding up " the bill . "  Let 's do it right . The pork does n't belong in the bill , " he said . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	U.S. House of Representatives backs revised $ 700 billion bank bailout bill Lawmakers rejected rescue plan Monday ; passed by Senate Wednesday Wall Street stocks rallied on expectation bill would be passed Bailout enables U.S. Treasury to buy up bad debts to ease credit crisis
CNN  -- The former Rutgers University student convicted of spying on and intimidating his gay roommate -- who later committed suicide -- will not be deported back to his native India , a U.S. immigration spokesman said Monday . "  Based on a review of Mr. Ravi 's criminal record , ICE is not initiating removal proceedings at this time , " Immigration and Customs Enforcement spokesman Ross Feinstein said Monday . Dharun Ravi , 20 , was found guilty in May on all counts including invasion of privacy , witness tampering , hindering apprehension and bias intimidation . His former roommate , 18-year-old Tyler Clementi , killed himself by jumping off New York 's George Washington Bridge into the Hudson River after learning Ravi had secretly recorded Clementi 's intimate encounter with another man . The September 2010 death of Tyler Clementi , and Ravi 's trial this year , thrust the issue of cyberbullying and prejudices against homosexuals into the national spotlight . While Ravi could have been sentenced to 10 years in prison , New Jersey Superior Judge Glenn Berman instead gave him a 30-day jail sentence , three years of probation and must complete 300 hours of community service aimed at assisting victims of bias crimes . The judge said at the time that he took factors including Ravi 's youth and his lack of a criminal record into consideration when handing down his sentence . He also did not recommend that Ravi be forced out of the United States . Berman told the Indian national the only reason he did not recommend deportation was because the man involved in the videotaped encounter with Clementi , identified in court only as "  M.B. , " said in his victim impact statement that he did not believe Ravi should be made to leave the country -- and would be willing to write a letter to that effect . Ravi is a citizen of India who graduated from a U.S. high school and had been studying on a visa at the New Jersey university at the time of Clementi 's death . U.S. immigrations officials commonly deport non-citizens who are convicted of "  certain crimes " like an aggravated felony , domestic violence or drug and weapons offenses , Feinstein said . Immigrations and Customs Enforcement are "  legally prohibited from removing individuals who are lawful permanent residents of the United States " if they have not been convicted of such crimes , the agency said . Moreover , an immigration judge must decide whether or not to deport someone . Ravi began serving his 30-day jail term on May 31 , two days after apologizing in a written statement for spying on Clementi with a webcam . His lawyer filed a notice of appeal of his conviction earlier this month , a New Jersey Middlesex County Court spokesman said .	Dharun Ravi was convicted in May of spying on and intimidating his gay roommate The roommate 's suicide thrust the issue of cyberbullying into the national spotlight Officials reviewed Ravi 's criminal record and opted not to deport him , a spokesman says
Liverpool are close to sealing the first big-money move of the English close season after agreeing a fee for Sunderland midfielder Jordan Henderson . The 20-year-old already has an England cap to his name , playing for Fabio Capello 's side in a friendly against France in November last year . Henderson is regarded as one of the brightest young talents in the English game and is going to cost the Anfield club a reported fee of $ 32 million , according to the UK Press Association , with French striker David Ngog going the other way . It shows that Liverpool 's American owners , Fenway Sports Group -- who also own Major League baseball team the Boston Red Sox -- are prepared to spend big in the transfer market to try and haul Liverpool back into the English top four . Who will be football 's top transfer targets ? The club missed out on Champions League football in 2010-11 , finishing sixth in the table , and even failed to secure a Europa League place for next season despite an upturn in fortunes after former player Kenny Dalglish returned as manager . A statement on the club 's web site read : "  Liverpool have agreed a deal to sign Sunderland midfielder Jordan Henderson . "  The 20-year-old will today discuss personal terms and undergo a medical on Merseyside after a fee was agreed between the two clubs . " Sunderland also confirmed the news on their web site , a spokesman saying : "  A fee has been agreed with Liverpool for Jordan Henderson and he travels to Anfield with the club 's blessing . " Henderson came through the ranks at Sunderland and made his debut for the club in the Premier League back in 2008 . He is due to join up with England 's Under-21 squad Wednesday ahead of the European Championships . Sunderland chairman Niall Quinn , a former player at the club , said : "  Jordan is a credit to himself , his family and Sunderland 's Academy and everyone here wishes him the very best for the future , " he said . "  I am pleased that we got the deal to a level that we felt was right for our club . " Meanwhile , Manchester United striker Wayne Rooney has welcomed news that the club have been linked with Blackburn Rovers defender Phil Jones . The 19-year-old is also part of England 's Under-21 European Championships squad and made his debut for Rovers in the English League Cup in 2009 . Rooney said on his Twitter site : "  Phil Jones is a good young English player . One of the toughest defenders I played against last season . Can play midfield too . " He later added : "  I do n't know if Phil Jones is signing for us , just saying he is a good player that 's all . I have n't got a clue if he is signing or not . " In Germany , Bayern Munich have confirmed the signing of Schalke goalkeeper Manuel Neuer on a five-year contract . "  I 'm very happy in Germany , I 'm the national team goalkeeper , and Bayern Munich is the best club in Germany . That 's why I wanted to join Bayern , " Neuer told the club 's web site . "  I know exactly what I want . I 'm looking forward to the next five years , and I do n't know if it 'll just be the five years . I 'm sure it could be more . "	English club Liverpool agree fee for Sunderland midfielder Jordan Henderson The 20-year-old already has a full England cap to his name Manchester United reportedly swoop for Blackburn defender Phil Jones Bayern Munich confirm signing of goalkeeper Manuel Neuer from Schalke
CNN  A white casket sat at the front of New Shiloh Baptist Church in West Baltimore as a gospel choir sang for a large crowd gathered to honor Freddie Gray . The 25-year-old died in police custody 15 days ago after he was arrested on a weapons charge . His death from a severe spinal chord injury sparked widespread outrage toward the Baltimore Police Department . Gray 's death in custody is the latest in a string of high profile deaths involving African-Americans and law enforcement . Many have demanded answers about what happened to Gray and his funeral drew civil rights leaders , politicians , and relatives of others who died in police custody . Democratic Congressman Elijah Cummings of Maryland spoke at the funeral : "  To mother Gloria and to the entire family , I want you to know we stand with you during this difficult time . " Cummings said he "  looked at the cameras " and reflected on the great amount of attention Gray was receiving in death : "  Did anybody recognize Freddie Gray when he was alive ? " he asked . Cummings said that Gray joined the church in 2001 . He was in youth choir and was a junior usher . "  He loved church , " Cummings said . Gray also played football . "  Did you see him ? " the representative asked . "  There are those who will tell you do n't cry . I 'm not going to say that , " Cummings said . Gray also had a history of run-ins with the law . According to court documents CNN obtained , there were more than 20 criminal court cases in Maryland against Gray , and five of those cases were still active at the time of his death . The cases involve mostly drug-related charges , but there are charges from March for second-degree assault and destruction of property . Gray was due in court on a possession charge on April 24 . He had been in and out of prison since 2009 for various drug cases , according to the Maryland Department of Corrections . Families United for Justice was also at the funeral . The group includes relatives of Eric Garner , who died last July after a New York City police officer put him in a chokehold . Protests erupted after a grand jury declined to indict that officer . Other members of the group include relatives of Amadou Diallo , who was fatally shot by New York police officers , and Alberta Spruill , who died of a heart attack after police threw a stun grenade into her apartment during a botched raid . The White House sent Cabinet Secretary Broderick Johnson , chair of the Obama administration 's My Brother 's Keeper Task Force ; Heather Foster , an adviser in the White House Office of Public Engagement ; and Elias Alcantara from the Office of Intergovernmental Affairs . Exactly what happened to Gray remains a mystery . His family said his voice box was crushed and his neck snapped before he slipped into a coma and died . News of Gray 's smashed upper spine and the delay in getting him medical care has triggered outrage across the country . Hundreds of protesters peacefully rallied on the streets of Baltimore on Saturday against the alleged police role in Gray 's death . A small group turned violent . About a dozen young men smashed police vehicles with garbage cans , climbed on top of the cars and stomped on them . Some hurled water bottles and other objects at police . Others funneled their anger toward local businesses , looting or damaging a 7-Eleven , a Michael Kors store and a Subway restaurant . Baltimore police arrested 35 people , including four juveniles . Six officers suffered minor injuries during the chaos , which ended a week of civil and peaceful protests . Gray 's twin sister deplored the violence . "  My family wants to say , ` Can y' all please , please stop the violence , ' " Fredericka Gray said Saturday night . "  Freddie Gray would not want this . " Baltimore City Paper said its photo editor , J.M. Giordano , was tackled and beaten by police while covering the protests . The paper said Giordano was standing near protesters when someone threw a rock at police . Officers responded , and Giordano was unable to get out of the way . "  They just swarmed over me , " he said . "  I got hit . My head hit the ground . They were hitting me , then someone pulled me out . " The incident was caught on video , which Baltimore City Paper posted online . And Reuters photographer Sait Serkan Gurbuz said Baltimore police detained him Saturday night . Officers called the detention of the two journalists inadvertent . "  One journalist  Gurbuz  was released with a criminal citation , which is being recalled , " police said in a statement . "  One journalist  Giordano  was released without any charges . " Cell phone video of Gray 's arrest shows him screaming and being dragged , with some witnesses saying he looked like his leg was injured . Baltimore Police Commissioner Anthony Batts said he was appalled that Gray did not receive proper care immediately . He also said officers should have given Gray timely medical care "  multiple times " -- such as at the site of the arrest and at other times during his transport to the police station . Batts also said there are no excuses for the fact that Gray was not buckled into the transport van . But Baltimore 's Fraternal Order of Police Lodge 3 shot back : "  These comments appear to be politically driven and in direct contrast to the commissioner 's own request not to jump to any conclusions until the entire investigation is complete , " union President Gene Ryan said in a written statement . Five of the six officers involved in the arrest have provided statements to investigators , Batts said . The sixth officer has invoked his right to refuse to answer questions . And while the preliminary work on Gray 's autopsy has been completed , the medical examiner 's office is waiting on toxicology results and might ask spinal experts to look at the case , authorities said . A full report could take 30 to 45 days . Not just Freddie Gray : Others who died in police custody Holly Yan reported and wrote from Atlanta ; Miguel Marquez reported from Baltimore . CNN 's Ben Brumfield , Betsy Klein and Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	Eric Garner 's family and other members of Families United for Justice will attend Gray 's funeral Gray was arrested April 12 and died a week later from a severe spinal cord injury Three White House officials will also attend Gray 's funeral
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com . CareerBuilder.com  -- If you love the nightlife , and , perhaps more importantly , you like to boogie , why wait until the weekend ? If you thrive on meeting new people and being in-the-know about the latest events and products , with the right training and experience , you could get paid to play . Check out five jobs that let you do just that : Media Specialists What they do : Media specialists serve as advocates for professional organizations or individuals by developing plans to establish or build a client 's public reputation . They send out press releases and maintain relationships with members of the media to keep the public informed about their clients ' activities . Why they party : They are often called to arrange and make appearances at public events to maintain contact between their clients and the public , so depending on the client , these events could be everything from political rallies to swanky product launch parties . How to break in : Media specialists often hold degrees in public relations and start their careers as interns . Jobs often come through networking and making industry contacts through public relations and media organizations . What they get paid : $ 86,292  average annual salary Radio/TV Announcers What they do : Radio or television announcers ' jobs can range from interviewing guests to moderating panels to providing commentary for occasions such as parades and sporting events . Why they party : Well-known among radio and television audiences , announcers are often called on to make promotional appearances at public events . They could be at a neighborhood music festival one day and the launch of a trendy new bar the next . How to break in : Because competition for network employment is intense and employers look for college graduates with extensive experience , many announcers start at stations in small cities before advancing to a job that reaches a larger market . What they get paid : $ 35 , 755  average annual salary Event Photographers What they do : Photographers produce and preserve images that paint a picture , tell a story , or record an event . Why they party : Shooting on location can mean exclusive invitations to wedding receptions , parties , galas , fundraisers , and all sorts of celebrations where music , food , and the occasional , responsibly-handled drink are plentiful . How to break in : Building a good portfolio is essential to landing jobs in this field . If you do n't have a degree in photography , take some classes and try to land a job as a photographer 's assistant . Many photographers develop contacts in the field by subscribing to photographic newsletters and joining camera clubs . What it pays : $ 27,850  average annual salary Social Columnists What they do : Social columnists gather information to write about local , state , national and international social happenings and report on the actions of noteworthy public figures at these events . Why they party : Like photographers , these members of the media also get exclusive access to fabulous parties and social celebrations . How to break in : Like many of these jobs , columnists often start small as general assignment reporters or copy editors at smaller newspapers before working their way up . What it pays : $ 44,419  average annual salary Promotion Models What they do : Promotional models help create public interest in buying products such as clothing , cosmetics , food items and housewares . They answer questions and provide product information to potential consumers . Why they party : Demonstrations and product promotions are conducted in places that the products are most likely to sell , which can mean appearances at clubs , premiere parties and festivals if the product is right . How to break in : Oftentimes , good communications skills , an outgoing personality and pleasant appearance trump education and experience when it comes to getting hired . What it pays : $ 23,104  average annual salary  E-mail to a friend Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2009 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority	Radio and TV announcers often make promotional appearances at events Social columnists get exclusive access to parties and celebrations Media specialists are often at public events to maintaining a clients ' profile
Lincoln , Nebraska  CNN  -- When University of Nebraska-Lincoln assistant football coach Ron Brown stood in front of the Omaha City Council in March to speak against a proposal to protect sexual identity , he was merely exercising his right as a private citizen , he would later say . It came as no surprise that Brown , an outspoken born-again Christian and a preacher , believes that homosexuality is a sin . But his passionate opposition to the proposed amendment to the city 's anti-discrimination policy raised questions as to whether Brown was really speaking as a citizen . After all , the university 's own anti-discrimination policy does just what Brown spoke against : It protects students and staff from discrimination based on their sexual orientation . Adding to the confusion , when addressing the council , Brown gave his address as "  One Memorial Stadium , Lincoln , Nebraska , " home turf of the Nebraska Cornhuskers . "  The question that I have for you all is , like Pontius Pilate , what are you going to do with Jesus ? " Brown asked the council . "  You will be held to great accountability for the decision that you make . And so , like Pontius Pilate , who did n't -- who kind of waffled around -- he was n't sure . He knew what to do , I think . But he let political correctedness  sic  shape his thinking . " The measure passed anyway , by a 4-3 vote . Brown 's comments triggered national media attention and calls for his dismissal . This week , all eyes were on Lincoln , Nebraska , where the City Council held a public hearing on a similar change to its anti-discrimination policy . Many expected Brown to show up at Monday 's hearing , particularly because this time the vote would be in his own backyard . But that did n't happen . Instead , Brown penned a letter published in the Lincoln Journal Star newspaper a day before the hearing . It stated his support of UNL 's anti-discrimination policy , despite his personal beliefs . "  I have and will embrace every player I coach , gay or straight ... but I wo n't embrace a legal policy that supports a lifestyle that God calls sin , " he wrote . Brown told the newspaper he stayed away from Monday 's hearing to avoid media attention being diverted from the issues and toward him . CNN 's repeated attempts to reach Brown for comment went unanswered , and an athletic department spokesman said he would not be commenting further . It 's unclear how much pressure the University of Nebraska has put on Brown to keep quiet after the uproar over his public comments in March . In an interview with CNN , UNL chancellor Harvey Perlman acknowledged that Brown 's views are in stark contrast to the university 's anti-discrimination policy . He said he has spoken to the coach , telling him to be clear when he speaks publicly that he 's not doing so on behalf of the school . Perlman said he "  absolutely " understands why a gay football player would feel uncomfortable playing on the team now . Brown 's comments , according to Perlman , brought a "  certain level of embarrassment " to the school , and more than 2,500 people have signed an online petition calling for him to be fired . But the chancellor said that just because Brown has an opinion that differs from the university 's is not grounds for dismissal . The coach merely exercised his right to free speech , Perlman said . "  If I thought he was discriminating against a football player or anybody else on the basis of sexual orientation , that would violate university policy and would be grounds for some remedy , " Perlman said . "  But I have no evidence that he 's done that . " One of Brown 's biggest fans over the years was Brett Major , who was born and raised in Omaha and , like most Nebraskans , bleeds Husker red . Major , an active member of the Christian faith who is also gay , credits Brown with helping strengthen his relationship with Jesus Christ . "  I was in middle school  and  my dad invited him to come speak at our church , " said Major , now a first year master 's student at Wake Forest University . "  He 's a very engaging , dynamic speaker . It 's hard not to like him when you hear him speak . " But his reverence for Brown changed when he heard what the longtime Huskers coach said to the Omaha City Council . "  It does n't bother me that he thinks homosexuality is a sin and all that ... I hear people say that all the time , " Major said . He heard Brown express his position against homosexuality in 1999 on a Christian radio program , triggering outrage from the American Civil Liberties Union , which threatened a lawsuit . Brown 's comments in Omaha went beyond his opposition to homosexuality , according to Major . "  I do n't agree that along with that he should be preventing any group of people from getting jobs that they deserve and to allow them to be fired from jobs , " Major said . "  That 's not what the Bible teaches . " Major said the worst part is that Brown 's comments make it even more difficult for LGBT athletes to feel comfortable living their lives openly . "  There 's a whole community of LGBT athletes out there that are playing for the teams that we know and love across the country , " Major said . "  It 's about those athletes and creating an environment in NCAA athletics that they feel comfortable in . " Major and his parents , who are both Nebraska graduates , wrote a letter to the university saying they believe "  more should have been said " by university officials to make it abundantly clear that discrimination against LGBT individuals has no place at Nebraska . Although Brett Major wrote that the University of Nebraska needs to "  take a stand against Ron Brown , " neither he nor his parents called for Brown 's firing . In fact , Major believes the university has a unique opportunity to turn the negative situation into a positive one by "  publicly show  ing  some support , acceptance and advocacy for one of the most marginalized groups in our culture . " "  I want gay and lesbian athletes to know that we love it when they score a touchdown ... and I want them to know that we hate it when they fumble -- just like everyone else , " Major said .	Huskers assistant coach voiced opposition to a city anti-discrimination policy amendment The amendment would have extended protection based on sexual identity That 's basically what the policy at University of Nebraska does UNL 's chancellor called his remarks "  an embarrassment " but not a violation
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- Greece will hold new elections in response to a political stalemate that left the debt-racked country unable to form a government , the office of President Karolos Papoulias said Tuesday . The announcement comes as the Greek debt crisis threatens the stability of the European Union 's single currency . Papoulias has called for all parties to meet with him Wednesday to set up a caretaker government that will conduct the new vote , his office said . Greece has been in a political deadlock since elections nine days ago left no party with a majority . The leaders of three different parties have tried to cobble together a workable coalition , but all have failed . That leaves Greece facing another vote , probably in mid-June . Meanwhile , the rest of Europe has watched with a nervous eye , fearing Greece could fail to make debt payments as early as next month . And that could force the country out of the euro , the currency used by 17 European Union countries . Markets across Europe fell slightly on the news of political talks breaking up Tuesday . The Dow was flat in New York in morning trading . The collapse of Greek talks came as France 's new president , Francois Hollande , met with German Chancellor Angela Merkel hours after his inauguration , and as European finance ministers met in Brussels , Belgium . What if Greece exits the eurozone ? The European Central Bank and International Monetary Fund have been pumping money into Greece to keep the country in the euro , but they have demanded that the Greek government slash spending to get the funds . When angry voters went to the polls on May 6 , they punished politicians who imposed the austerity measures , greatly reducing the number of seats held by the center-right New Democracy party and the Socialist PASOK party . Radical leftist leader Alexis Tsipras , whose Syriza party reaped the benefits of voter frustration with austerity , urged Greeks on Tuesday to continue resisting "  the parties of the bailout . " "  They asked us to leave the country without any hope , " he said , arguing that the May 6 election had left the terms of the bailout "  null and void . " New Democracy leader Antonis Samaras , meanwhile , said his party would "  keep fighting for a developing Greece within Europe " and "  against those who say they want to get Greece out of Europe . " His party narrowly came in first in the May 6 elections , but opinion polls since then have suggested that Syriza would finish in first place in a new election . Analysts have warned that Greece must not remain without a government for long . "  If no government is in place before June when the next installment  of loan money  from the European Union and International Monetary Fund is due , we estimate that Greece will run out of money sometime between the end of June and beginning of July , at which point a return to the drachma would seem inevitable , " Bank of America/Merrill Lynch wrote in a report released Friday . CNN 's Antonia Mortensen and journalist Elinda Labropoulou contributed to this report .	Radical left leader Alexis Tsipras says bailout terms are "  null and void " Politicians fail to make a deal after nine days of talks Greek debt threatens the stability of Europe 's single currency Markets in Europe fall on the news that no deal has been reached
CNN  -- An American couple hopes to return to the United States next week to be reunited with their family after a two-year legal nightmare has trapped them in Qatar , charged with wrongdoing in the death of their adopted daughter . On Monday Matthew and Grace Huang will appeal their conviction , which has garnered international attention and raised questions in the media about the prosecution and overall fairness of the Qatari justice system . "  It has been a very confusing and almost incomprehensible process to us , " Grace Huang said in a phone interview from Qatar . "  We are tired . We just want to go home . " When their 8-year-old daughter Gloria died in January 2013 , the couple was immediately arrested on charges they starved her to death . "  It was a shock , " Grace said . "  She is our daughter . " The Huangs , who maintained their daughter suffered from an eating disorder , have denied wrongdoing in connection with her death and are fighting the conviction . Matthew Huang was employed in Doha by an international company working on construction projects for the 2022 World Cup . After a lengthy trial , the Huangs were convicted of endangering the life of their child . They were sentenced in April to three years in prison . The State Department has expressed concern about the fairness of the legal proceedings in the case and disappointment in the verdict . A YouTube video made about the case by advocates for the Huangs portrays a happy multiracial family , provides insights into Gloria 's death and raises questions about the prosecution . In the video , Justin Brooks , director of the California Innocence Project , one of the advocacy groups assisting with the Huangs ' defense , says "  the case completely lacks any type of due process . " He calls the Qatari prosecution 's case "  outrageous . " The United States has suggested that cultural misunderstandings were at the heart of the charges , that evidence provided by the defense was not carefully considered and due process for the Huangs has not been provided . A report by pathologists hired by the defense , obtained by CNN , states they found no evidence tissue samples were taken from Gloria 's body after her death , despite the fact Qatari investigators submitted an autopsy report . Advocates for the Huangs suggested the lab report was fabricated and said their request with the Qatari judiciary for a formal investigation has gone unanswered . "  There is no credible evidence , " said Eric Volz , who heads the firm David House Agency that is also assisting with the Huangs ' case . "  In an objective court the judge should have thrown out the case . " Several U.S. officials have privately expressed confidence in the Huangs ' innocence , calling the case a "  sham . " But the Obama administration has sought to exhaust all legal proceedings before seeking the Qatari government 's direct intervention in the case . A United Nations special rapporteur investigating the justice system in Qatar has also called attention to the Huangs ' case and urged the government to release them and send them home . After spending nearly a year in prison , the couple was released last November . They are prohibited from leaving Qatar during their appeal . The case suggested racial overtones when questions were raised by the prosecutor and police about why the Huangs , who are Asian , adopted children from Africa . The Qatari prosecutor has sought to paint Grace and Matthew Huang as inhumane , alleging they bought their adopted daughter cheaply from her poverty-stricken parents in Africa and has since threatened to seek human trafficking charges . The couple 's two sons , also adopted from Africa , were temporarily placed in a Qatari orphanage after the couple 's arrest , but have since been sent back to the United States to live with Grace Huang 's mother . The entire family has chipped in during the prolonged separation . With Matthew Huang fired from his job , the couple is living on donations from family and friends . Grace Huang 's brother , Daniel Chin , has given up his job in California to work on the case full time . He is the nerve center of the family , raising money for the family 's expenses and defense costs and dealing with the Huangs ' lawyers and advocates . Chin has met with lawmakers and administration officials in Washington , urging them to make the Huangs ' case a greater priority . He has weekly Skype chats with his sister and has traveled several times to Doha for their judicial proceedings , which the Qatari court continues to postpone . "  Often it 's hard to keep working on something when it feels we are just a small family trying to fight against " a country , he said in a phone interview , before leaving Friday for Qatar for the Huangs ' appellate hearing . The case puts the United States in a difficult situation with a close ally with whom it is working on hot-button issues in the Middle East . Qatar is a key ally in the U.S.-led coalition against ISIS and host to many countries ' forces involved in airstrikes . The Qatari government also helped the United States secure the release of Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl from Taliban captivity this year . "  Qatar is a key ally for the U.S. government , " Volz says . "  The day the Huangs were wrongly convicted the U.S. announced an $ 11 billion arms deal with the Qataris . And when Bowe Bergdahl was released , President Obama publicly thanked the government . That all sends a message not only to Qatar but to other countries that there is no cost to Americans being wrongly imprisoned in their country . " Volz noted the United States has upped the pressure on the Qatari government in recent months to resolve the case quickly and release the Huangs . Last week the State Department issued a statement urging the Qatari government to "  immediately " lift the Huangs ' travel ban , bring the case to an "  expeditious and just conclusion " and allow the couple to return to the United States . "  We are really hopeful that as a result of the State Department making this public demand that the Qataris lift the travel ban , that there is a good chance that Matt and Grace can come home , " Volz says . Her parents and other family members describe Gloria as a happy child , who loved butterflies , flowers and the color pink . "  She loved to talk , to dance and she loved music , " Grace Huang said . "  She loved hearing stories . " But consumed with their nightmare in isolation , the Huangs and their family have not had a chance to grieve for their daughter . "  Everything has revolved around her case and our situation , " Grace Huang said . "  We have n't had a chance to really say goodbye and mourn . We just really want to be able to honor her place in our lives with our friends and family and that has n't happened yet . " "  Nobody in the family has had time to grieve about Gloria and her death and the fact she passed away , " Chin said . "  Especially Matt and Grace . To see my nephews without their parents , who have not been able to hold them for the past year . It 's heartbreaking . " The couple is fearful to go out in public , spending most of their time in their Doha apartment . With a 10-hour time difference , they spend every hour they and their two sons , 8 and 12 , are all awake on Skype , talking and going over homework . The technology has been a godsend , but virtual parenting is n't easy . The kids have stored away last year 's Christmas gifts until the family can celebrate together . "  We are trying to be as involved as we can be , but we are really tired of trying to do it over the Internet , " Grace Huang said . "  We have missed birthdays , anniversaries and so many special events . We are longing to be home with our family again . " "  We are encouraged that they are urging the Qatari government to lift our travel ban and are hopeful everyone here would respond to that request and allow us to travel home to be reunited with our family . But of course , we are not home . " she said .	Matthew and Grace Huang were living in Qatar when their daughter died The were imprisoned , later released during their appeal They will find out this week if the appeal has been successful
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- As he tries to woo independent voters , Sen. John McCain is relying on his image as a maverick , making it clear he 's no President Bush . Sen. John McCain wants an end to the federal ban on offshore drilling , a reversal from his 2000 campaign . But the timing of Bush 's support for offshore oil drilling this week may spell trouble for McCain 's efforts to distance himself from the embattled White House . The president on Wednesday urged Democratic leaders in Congress to lift the ban on offshore drilling -- just as McCain has been making his own energy pitch for the same . "  The next president must be willing to break with the energy policies , not just of the current administration , but the administrations that preceded it , and lead a great national campaign to achieve energy security for America , " McCain said Wednesday in Springfield , Missouri . Map : See where drilling is and is n't allowed " The senator from Arizona outlined an energy plan that would include lifting the ban on offshore drilling for oil , a reversal of his position during his 2000 campaign . His speech followed an address Tuesday in Houston , Texas , in which he also pushed offshore drilling . McCain and the president appear to be marching in lockstep on how to deal with $ 4 a gallon gas . They are demanding Democrats end the federal ban on offshore drilling , saying it could lead to a drop in oil prices given the expectation of increased supply . Watch a McCain adviser describe the proposal " "  I know the Democratic leaders have opposed some of these policies in the past , " Bush said . "  Now that their opposition has helped drive gas prices to record levels , I ask them to reconsider their positions . " But Sen. Barack Obama , the presumptive Democratic nominee , argues that offshore drilling will not help lower gas prices in the short term . Watch an Obama supporter blast McCain 's oil policy " "  At best , you 're looking at five years or more down the road . And even the most optimistic assumptions indicate that offshore drilling might reduce the overall world price of oil by a few cents , " Obama has said . Obama 's solution , a push for plug-in hybrid cars and other alternatives to oil , will not give consumers short-term relief either . Congressional Democrats are determined to block the president 's push for offshore drilling , prohibited by a 1981 law and a 1990 executive order . "  When Congress lifts the legislative ban , I will lift the executive prohibition , " Bush said . Watch Bush make a case for new drilling " The issue also makes for a fascinating family drama since the president 's father , President George H.W. Bush , signed the order banning offshore drilling , while his brother Jeb more recently opposed such drilling when he was governor of Florida . Florida 's current governor , Charlie Crist , has been an opponent of offshore drilling , but he now has an open mind about it since McCain 's embrace . Crist 's name has come up as a possible vice presidential running mate on the GOP ticket . "  It 's the last thing in the world I 'd like to do , but I also understand what people are paying at the pump , and I understand the drag it is on our economy , " Crist told the St. Petersburg Times this week . "  Something has to be done in a responsible , pragmatic way . " In the long run , however , the fact that Bush has embraced this position on offshore oil drilling as well may make it more difficult for McCain to portray himself as an independent . McCain 's stance also may hurt him in California , a state with 55 electoral votes . The proposal could put McCain at odds with environmentalists who say it is incongruous with his plans to combat global warning . California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , a McCain ally , also opposes offshore drilling . Schwarzenegger released a statement Wednesday saying he still does not believe it makes sense to have such drilling off the California coast . CNN 's Ed Hornick contributed to this report .	Push for domestic offshore oil drilling is a reversal in policy for Sen. John McCain President Bush 's support could hurt McCain 's efforts to paint himself as a maverick Obama says offshore drilling wo n't lower gas prices in the short term McCain 's drilling position may hurt him in California , a state with 55 electoral votes
Washington  CNN  -- Hillary Clinton used a softball climate change question on Thursday to step up her political rhetoric and hit Republicans for "  denying people jobs and middle-class incomes . " The answer was telling because Clinton turned a benign , nonpartisan question into a political talking point , something that months ago she would likely not have done . "  The hardest part for me of this whole false choice debate that has gone on too long is that aside from the deniers and the folks who want to pretend that we do n't have a crisis is the fact that we are leaving money and jobs behind , " Clinton said at the Clean Energy Summit 7.0 , describing the choice between investing in clean energy and growing the American economy . Clinton added : "  For those on the other side , they have to answer to the reality they are denying people jobs and middle-class incomes and upward mobility by their refusal to look to the future . " For months , Clinton has crisscrossed the country as part of her time on the speaking circuit and on her book tour . The former secretary of state is widely seen as the front-runner to be the Democrat 's presidential nominee in 2016 and , although she has not announced she is running , she has admitted she is thinking about it and will likely make a decision at the start of 2015 . As that decision date moves closer , Clinton appears to be getting more comfortable with giving political answers . She has also stepped up her political schedule , with events with a cadre of Democratic groups in September . Henry Kissinger loves joking about Hillary Clinton 2016 Clinton also weighed in on hydraulic fracturing , a controversial method of extracting oil . The former first lady called concerns over fracturing legitimate and pressing . She added that in light of the practice , "  it is crucial that we put in place smart regulations and enforce them , including deciding not to drill when the risks are too high . " The answer was similar to what Clinton writes in her memoir "  Hard Choices . " Glenn Beck : Hillary Clinton ` will be the next president ' Clinton was being interviewed by John Podesta on Thursday . Podesta , a former chief of staff for Bill Clinton who now works for President Barack Obama , attended a meeting of Democratic operatives in late July and , according to Politico , is being eyed as Clinton 's likely campaign chairman in 2016 . His response to her political answer : "  That is great . And I think we need to keep repeating that argument . "	On clean energy , Clinton says GOP "  denying people jobs and middle-class incomes " Political answer is a departure from the nonpartisan answers Clinton gave months ago Clinton calls concerns over hydraulic fracturing legitimate and pressing
New York  CNN  -- Two people have died and 28 people have fallen ill with matching strains of E. coli after an outbreak in ground beef , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said . Sixteen of those people are in hospitals and three have developed kidney failure as a result of the contamination , the CDC said late Monday . The U.S. Department of Agriculture announced last week that Fairbank Farms in Ashville , New York , was recalling more than half a million pounds of fresh ground beef products that may be contaminated with a strain of E. coli , a potentially deadly species of bacteria . The products subject to recall were sent to retailers including Trader Joe 's , Price Chopper , Lancaster and Wild Harvest , Shaw 's , BJ 's , Ford Brothers , and Giant Food Stores . The exact products affected are listed on the USDA 's Web site . The recall was for distribution centers in eight states , but Fairbank Farms said some retailers may have sent the affected beef to other states . Each package is printed with "  EST. 492 " inside the USDA mark of inspection or on the nutrition label . They were packaged on September 15 and 16 and may have been labeled at the retail stores with a sell-by date from September 19 through 28 , the USDA said . Consumers should ask at their point of purchase if the products they have purchased are subject to recall , the USDA said . E. coli can cause bloody diarrhea , dehydration , and in the most severe cases , kidney failure . The very young , seniors and people with weak immune systems are the most susceptible to foodborne illness . The USDA 's Food Safety and Inspection Service advised consumers to safely prepare raw meat products , whether they are fresh or frozen , and only consume ground beef that has been cooked to a temperature of 160 degrees Fahrenheit . The only way to be sure ground beef is cooked to a high enough temperature to kill harmful bacteria is to use a food thermometer to measure the internal temperature , the FSIS said . Of the 28 people infected with E. coli from the outbreak , eight are in Massachusetts ; four each are in Connecticut and New Hampshire ; two each are in Maine , Pennsylvania and South Dakota ; and one each is in California , Maryland , Minnesota , New Jersey , New York and Vermont , according to the CDC .	Two people have died after becoming infected with E. coli in this outbreak E. coli is a bacterium that can cause bloody diarrhea , dehydration , kidney failure Use a food thermometer to measure the internal temperature of beef
Atlanta  CNN  -- A federal judge issued a preliminary injunction Monday temporarily blocking key provisions of a new Georgia law that aims to crack down on illegal immigration , while allowing other parts of the law to move forward . Most of the law , known as HB 87 , was scheduled to go into effect Friday . U.S. District Judge Thomas Thrash Jr. 's ruling blocks enforcement of two of the most controversial sections of the law . "  State and local law enforcement officers and officials have no authorization to arrest , detain or prosecute anyone based upon sections 7 and 8 of HB 87 while this injunction remains in effect , " Thrash ruled . Those sections would allow police to inquire about immigration status when questioning suspects in certain criminal investigations . They also would punish people who , during the commission of a crime , knowingly transport or harbor illegal immigrants . Something like speeding or driving without proper equipment could constitute a crime . "  The apparent legislative intent is to create such a climate of hostility , fear , mistrust and insecurity that all illegal aliens will leave Georgia , " Thrash wrote . In his 45-page ruling , the judge cited a previous court decision that said preliminary injunctions were in the public interest "  when civil rights are at stake . " He also wrote that state officials were attempting to overstep federal authority on immigration enforcement . "  I 'm very happy , as are all those who believe the Constitution is important , " said Charles Kuck , an Atlanta attorney whose firm represented some of the plaintiffs . He said the stayed provisions were poorly written and that it was unclear how they would have been enforced , if allowed to move forward . Although the ruling was hailed as a victory by the plaintiffs , Thrash also tossed out a number of their arguments at the state 's request , a point stressed by Georgia Attorney General Sam Olens soon after the decision . "  I appreciate the speed with which Judge Thrash ruled , given the complexity of the issues . I am pleased with the dismissal of the 4th Amendment , 14th Amendment , ` Right to Travel , ' and Georgia constitutional claims by the plaintiffs -- even after this ruling , 21 of the 23 sections of HB 87 will go into effect as planned , " Olens wrote in a statement . A part of the law that will still go into effect is a provision that workers convicted of using fake identification to get jobs could be sentenced to 15 years in prison and fined $ 250,000 . The law will also require people applying for public benefits to provide certain types of identification . Olens said his office will appeal the judge 's ruling regarding sections 7 and 8 . The office of Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal , which supports the law , also weighed in on the judge 's ruling . "  Beyond refusing to help with our state 's illegal immigration problem , the federal government is determined to be an obstacle . The state of Georgia narrowly tailored its immigration law to conform with existing federal law and court rulings , " said Brian Robinson , the governor 's deputy chief of staff for communications . "  Georgians can rest assured that this battle does n't end here . " The Georgia lawsuit is the latest battle in a nationwide skirmish between state and federal officials over who controls immigration enforcement . Arizona 's controversial law aimed at cracking down on illegal immigration catapulted the issue onto the national stage last year , drawing a lawsuit from the U.S. Department of Justice , which argues the law is unconstitutional . In April , a three-judge panel on the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals sided with the Justice Department and against Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer , who signed Arizona 's law last year . Brewer announced last month that the state would appeal directly to the U.S. Supreme Court . CNN 's Gustavo Valdes and Dana Ford contributed to this report .	The state law is part of the broader nationwide immigration debate Georgia officials say they will appeal the ruling The judge says law enforcement officers can not enforce two sections of the law Most provisions of the law will be allowed to move forward
CNN  -- Most kids , and parents , think of college as the place you go to get a "  higher education . " It did n't turn out that way for at least 3,100 students at the University of North Carolina . CNN reporter Sara Ganim has been reporting the story out of Chapel Hill , North Carolina , that university staff and athletic coaches encouraged student athletes to take "  fake classes " in order to get fake grades that would allow them to keep playing sports and spend their extra time practicing instead of studying . University staff saw so-called paper classes and the artificially inflated grades they handed out "  as key to helping some student-athletes remain eligible , " a former prosecutor wrote in an independent report documenting 18 years of such cheating . CNN reports at least four UNC employees have been fired and five have been disciplined in the scandal . "  As an athlete , we were n't really there for an education , " Rashad McCants , the second-leading scorer on the championship University of North Carolina basketball team 10 years ago , told CNN 's Carol Costello . "  You get a scholarship to the university to play basketball , " he said . In other words , the point was n't for him to actually learn . That 's just sad . "  The university makes money off us athletes , " McCants told Costello , "  and they give us this fake education as a distraction . " When McCants first made these remarks , university representatives tried to shoot the messenger , attacking him and his credibility . Now , an official report suggests that not only was McCants telling the truth but that at least 3,100 other students share his story . And I think it 's safe to assume that while the degree of inventing classes from thin air in order to pass athletes may have reached extreme levels of immorality , if not criminality , at UNC , thousands and thousands of other student athletes have been robbed of a quality education at universities all across America because their bodies are treated as far more important than their minds . Players and their loved ones are understandably angry . In March , Northwestern University 's scholarship football players won the right under the National Labor Relations Board to form a union . Players voted in April , though the results have not yet been made public . If the union vote succeeds by a majority vote , the athletes could be covered by workers ' compensation , qualify for unemployment benefits and even participate in revenue sharing . As is , football players are practicing 50 to 60 hours a week -- more than most full-time jobs -- and risking all kinds of long-term health effects , not the least of which are head injuries . In rare cases , players who are hurt can have their scholarships revoked and lose access to whatever paltry education they were receiving in the first place . These kids , many of whom are young black men , are plainly being exploited . As the hype around college sports has intensified -- especially the astronomical money to be made by universities in increasingly lucrative TV deals -- universities have gained more and more from sports programs . Meanwhile , the demands on student athletes have risen as well , but the compensation and support for athletes have remained the same . College sports increasingly look just like professional sports except for one big difference : the amateurish , abusive treatment of college athletes . Not surprisingly , universities and their athletic departments oppose college players forming unions . "  I look at them as part of our family in a way , " University of Oklahoma football coach Bob Stoops told ESPN around the time of the Northwestern vote . "  We 're here to support them and help them in every way possible , and help guide them and help them get their education and develop them to be as good of athletes as they want to be . " Family , eh ? That 's a coded metaphor : the coach and university as the strong parents , the students as kids who should just be grateful for a roof over their heads and do whatever they 're told . How does that play out in real life ? One study found that 10 % of University of Oklahoma athletes in sports that make revenue read below a fourth-grade level . "  College presidents have put in jeopardy the academic credibility of their universities just so we can have this entertainment industry , " Oklahoma professor Gerald Gurney , who conducted the study , told CNN . That "  entertainment industry " seems to be working fine for the pseudo "  parents " who run college sports . This season , coach Stoops will be paid $ 5.25 million . It 's not looking likely that my own daughter , who is in first grade , will eventually get a sports scholarship to college . She 's still trying to figure out her left foot from her right foot . But if she gets a music scholarship or a drama scholarship or maybe some recognition for macrame skills or what have you , I fully expect that her talent will be fully drawn upon while she 's at college -- but also that she 'll get an education . After all , most French horn players do n't go on to careers in professional orchestras -- they become doctors or lawyers or accountants or elementary school teachers . And for that , they need an education . The same is true of college athletes . The vast majority wo n't play post-college professional sports , and they need that education , not just a nominal version but a quality one , to prepare for later in life . My view is that elite college athletes should form unions . There are plenty of practical reasons why , as effective athletic employees , they should do so . But at the very least , the basic bargain of college scholarship sports -- that you play on the team in exchange for an education -- should n't be a con game , with students worked to the bone but robbed of the chance to learn . Let 's hope the revelations at UNC will help start to fix this profound problem in college athletics .	Report says UNC enabled fake courses for 3,100 student athletes Sally Kohn : Colleges are breaking the promise made to students in sports She says in return for hard work on the athletic field , colleges owe students an education Kohn : Unionization move would provide protections for student athletes
CNN  -- Private-aircraft manufacturers are increasingly targeting Africa 's growing economies as the resource-rich continent is quietly emerging as an important hub in global business aviation . In a continent where commercial routes are often limited , a growing number of smaller , privately owned planes are now taking to the skies , creating new connections in and out of Africa . Driven mainly by entrepreneurs and wealthy individuals involved in the natural resources , banking and telecoms sectors , the continent 's burgeoning market is expected to grow significantly in the coming years . "  Africa is an emerging market where we see a positive future , " says Robert Habjanic , sales director at plane manufacturer Bombardier Business Aircraft . "  Over the next 20 years , we do forecast 810 business jets to be sold into Africa . " The sector was given a big lift in May with the creation of the African Business Aviation Association  AfBAA  , the continent 's first initiative bringing together aircraft operators and other industry players to support their interests and promote the benefits of business aviation . AfBAA founder and chairman Tarek Ragheb says that Africa requires a well-developed business aviation industry to support the continent 's flourishing economies and realize its business potential . He describes Africa as "  China in our backyard , " a continent with tremendous amounts of resources that is , however , being hampered by steep infrastructure challenges . "  If you have a requirement for an NGO or an entrepreneur or a government agency to be able to conduct its business , the options of using rail or a good highway are simply not there , " says Ragheb . "  So for the growth of the continent there must be an ultra-efficient means of travel and that is where business aviation could come in . " Read related : Low-cost airline in Africa by easyJet founder For Ragheb , improving intra-African connections is key to the development of the continent . "  Flying out of Africa is not difficult , " he explains . "  You can go from Lagos to London , you can go from Kinshasa to Belgium , that 's not a problem -- the challenge is intra-Africa flights . And you find that for African growth you 're going to need intra-Africa flights and this is where the focus -LSB- of AfBAA -RSB- is going to be . " Business aviation expert Alan Peaford says that only 20 % of flights in the continent are with African airlines , the remaining 80 % being with international carriers . "  What this means is that if you have a cement factory in three or four countries , you may have to travel from country A to country B via Paris , London or Dubai rather than direct , " says Peaford , editor-in-chief of Arabian Aerospace magazine and online news service . "  Hence , as greater investment from China , Saudi etc. leads to more industrial development , owners , investors and managers need to be agile and not waste days on what should be a three-hour flight , " he adds . "  So business jet usage is growing . " Read related : Bringing the Dreamliner to Africa Although exact figures about corporate aircraft in Africa are notoriously difficult to find , the AfBAA puts the number of business jets in the continent between 400 and 600 . These planes are typically owned by high net-worth individuals , wealthy investors , as well as governments and corporations . And not surprisingly , the biggest growth is recorded in countries where there is an abundance of natural resources . "  Africa 's rich in gas , minerals , oil , gold , platinum , you name it , " says Ettore Poggi , managing director of South Africa for ExecuJet Aviation Group , which offers services including corporate aircraft charter , mangement and maintenance . "  We 're finding a lot of interest from overseas companies , focusing their attentions on the resources of Africa . Clearly , that bodes well for us because it means we have to take those people to these places in Africa . " While South Africa remains the traditional dominant player in the market , other countries have also started to make significant strides . In Nigeria , the continent 's biggest oil producer , the business aviation market is growing at a rapid pace , industry insiders say . "  In the last 18 months we 've grown by over 200 % in terms of travel , " says Segun Demuren , chief executive and founder of Evergreen Apple Nigeria , a fixed-based operator offering various services for private-aircraft users . Demuren says that Evergreen , which began operations in July 2011 , is doing "  75 to 80 movements -LSB- flights -RSB- a week " and is targeting a 50 % growth for next year . "  I 'm very sure we 'll meet that instantly , " he says . Read related : Africa 's daily commuting grind Although the conditions for the market 's expansion are certainly there , there are still infrastructure , policy and logistical challenges that the industry needs to navigate if it is to meet its full potential . In many cases , entrance , exit and over-fly legislation varies from country to country , leading to significant delays . Other issues include landing permits and airport fees as well as maintenance support and pilot training and licensing . Ragheb says that a common set of standards needs to be adopted throughout the continent "  so that you have the ability to fly into Africa with a sense of security , that you know that safety and the procedures are all in place . " But first of all , he says , needs to come a true "  understanding and acceptance " that business aviation can be a valuable asset for Africa 's growth . "  It 's a real business tool , " he says . "  When you bring business aviation and you let it flourish in your country , you 're going to attract those investors that are going to equal money and development and projects . " Analysts say that a thriving business aviation industry can only be good news for commercial air travel as well . The arrival of the industry in a country is a good indicator of its growth potential , Peaford says , acting as a strong incentive for commercial airlines to step in and establish new routes . "  Watch where the business aviation is going , " he says . "  You can see the countries where business aircraft are going to and often you 're going to see the commercial airlines going there , about a year , 18 months later . "  It 's always ` watch the business jets ' first , that 's where you follow the money . "	Africa 's business aviation market is expected to grow significantly There are between 400 and 600 business jets in Africa , say experts Growth is driven by strong demand in the natural resources sector A new industry body calls for common standards throughout the continent
CNN  -- The West Indies team bus has been attacked by Bangladesh fans , following the side 's one-sided victory over the co-hosts at the Cricket World Cup . The West Indies secured a nine-wicket victory in 12.2 overs in the Group B game in Mirpur on Friday . Bangladesh scored just 58 runs -- their lowest ever total in a one-day match -- which led a group of angry fans to throw stones at the West Indies bus as it traveled back to the team hotel . Should minor nations play at the Cricket World Cup ? "  Bangladesh stoning our bus , " Windies opener Chris Gayle -- who hit his 8000th one-day run during the match -- wrote on social networking site Twitter during the incident . "  Glass break . Ca n't believe ... what next bullets ! " The former national captain continued : "  This is ridiculous . World Cup with so many security and this happens . Big Joke . Trust me I 'm not keen here . " The Deputy Commissioner of Police in the capital Dhaka claimed that disappointed fans had in fact thought the bus belonged to the Bangladesh team . "  They thought it was the Bangladeshi team bush and they hurled stones at it , " Imtiaz Ahmed told news agency AFP . "  The window panes were shattered , but no one was injured . " The West Indies ' win over Bangladesh marked their second consecutive victory in the World Cup following their win over The Netherlands , and the team now lie second in the table behind South Africa . Sulieman Benn claimed four wickets , while Kemar Roach and Darren Sammy took three each for the West Indies -- encouraging performances for the Caribbean side ahead of their upcoming fixtures against England and Ireland . For Bangladesh the loss means they now find themselves placed sixth out the seven teams in their group , and must beat England in their next tie on March 11 to have any chance of qualifying for the quarterfinal stage . Meanwhile , in the Group A clash at the Sardar Patel Stadium in Ahmadabad , India earlier on Friday , New Zealand defeated Zimbabwe by 10 wickets to claim their second win of the tournament After bowling out their opponents for just 162 runs , the Kiwis cantered recorded up two half-centuries courtesy of Martin Guptill and Brendon McCullum with 99 balls to spare . New Zealand are fourth in their group behind Pakistan , Sri Lanka and Australia , and Zimbabwe lie in fifth place .	West Indies cricket team bus attacked after defeat of Bangladesh in World Cup Opener Chris Gayle writes about incident on social networking site Twitter Windies secure nine-wicket victory in group B as co-hosts were bowled out for 58 In Friday 's group A match New Zealand beat Zimbabwe by 10 wickets
EW.com  -- "  Pitch Perfect " and "  Mindy Project " co-star Anna Camp is headed to Vegas . Camp has been cast in a multi-episode arc on the CBS period drama playing a sexy Hollywood starlet named Violet . The character is described as an aspiring actress who 's the mistress of a film studio mogul . Violet 's in Sin City for a film production that she hopes will be her big break . Dixon  Taylor Handley  agrees to work as her part-time bodyguard and the two become close . Camp 's own star is rising after appearing in the buzzy fall musical "  Pitch Perfect . " She 's also pulling double duty on broadcast TV since she 's a recurring character on Fox 's "  Mindy Project " this season . Previously , Camp has had arcs on CBS ' "  The Good Wife " and HBO 's "  True Blood . " Vegas returns to original episodes next week . See original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Anna Camp also co-stars on "  Mindy Project " She is set to play a sexy starlet on "  Vegas " Camp previously appeared on "  True Blood "
CNN  -- Speaking is profoundly human : More of the human brain is devoted to speech than any other activity . People can have an IQ of 50 , or a brain that is only one-third the normal size and have difficulties with many simple tasks , but they can speak . Humans are so tuned to words that from about the age of 18 months , children learn about eight to 10 new words a day , a rate that continues until adolescence . Humans love to speak : When two hearing people encounter each other , they will speak , despite having other means of communication such as gesturing or drawing . Even when people speak different languages or come from different cultures , they will try to find common words and phrases . One-day-old infants can distinguish speech from any other sounds and 4-day-olds can distinguish between their native language and other languages . Even in the womb , a fetus can distinguish her or his mother 's voice from all other female voices . Adults can distinguish speech sounds at twice the rate of any other sounds , aided by special hair cells in the outer right ear . See also : Florida anthropologist explains ` baby talk ' origins Among all animals , only humans have the necessary breathing apparatus and musculature to be able to speak : despite the "  Planet of the Apes , " no primate could speak like a person , even if their brains grew . Even human ancestors such as the Neanderthal could not possibly speak : speech is a new and remarkably impressive ability . So , there is nothing so human as speech -- at least until modern technologies came along . Through striking advances in a computer 's ability to understand and produce speech , it is common to use your telephone to make airline reservations , answer questions and search the Web . Because of the shrinking size and increasing speed of computers , it is also possible to speak directly to your automobile . From putting up with the car intoning , "  Your door is ajar , " we have moved to navigation systems that can tell you where to find a latte and car interfaces that understand spoken commands and even allow drivers to dictate e-mails , texts and make phone calls . What could be more simple and natural than talking , even to a technology ? And speaking to cars seems particularly desirable . We do n't have to take our eyes from the road or our hands from the wheel to select buttons or make choices : Why not let our mouths and our ears do all the work ? Unfortunately , it 's not so simple or so desirable . Recent research by the AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety , conducted by David Strayer at the University of Utah , finds that the new technology can be so distracting it impairs the ability to drive . Studies found that while driving , our attention becomes overloaded by speaking . It basically takes our minds , if not our eyes , off the road . Here are three reasons why talking while driving is so distracting , and not as safe and effective as you might think : People like to picture who they are talking with . When you speak with someone face-to-face , you "  hear lips and see voices " : Your brain automatically and easily focuses on the person . When you speak on the telephone , you use brainpower to create a mental image of the person you are talking with : The less you know the person , the more mental workload it takes . When you talk to a car , use a phone in a car or dictate a text message , your brain has to do a great deal of work to picture with whom you are communicating . When you 're thinking that hard , it 's very difficult to pay attention to the road . That 's why talking on a cell phone -- hands free or not -- is much more dangerous than talking to a passenger . The need to imagine steals from attention to the road . See also : Is hands-free driving just as dangerous ? People want to be understood . Although people love to speak , there are few more frustrating things than someone not listening . Listeners puts a great deal of energy into showing that they are listening : They nod their head , say "  uh huh , " open their eyes and change their posture . People are built to expect these signals of attention , but cars refuse to provide them . As a result , drivers become overly concerned with whether the car understands or is even listening , and their attention is again drawn away from the road . In addition , the voice of the car does not have the rich vocal cues that indicate engagement and emotion , providing further evidence that the car is n't understanding . Cars are not native speakers . When you encounter someone who is n't facile in your language , you have to put a great deal of time into selecting the right words , avoiding idioms and speaking slowly and clearly . Speech is no longer an easy and natural means of communication in these instances . While it is remarkable that cars can understand something that took billions of years of human evolution , the typical car recognition rate of 85 % to 95 % makes it a mediocre second-language speaker . As a result , speech becomes effortful and demanding , stealing attention from the road . Because of these problems , my laboratory and laboratories around the world are trying to find ways to support the driver in creating mental images , in showing that the car wants to understand and enabling the car to understand at levels equal to or even better than a person . And soon cars will be driving themselves , so that people can ignore the road and multitask their way to fighting for attention from each other , just as they do outside the car . Watch : The self-driving car changes everything The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Clifford Nass .	Clifford Nass : More of our brain is devoted to speech than anything else ; we love to talk Nass : Talking to technology in your car is not natural and it confuses your brain He says even with hands on wheel and eyes on road , talking to your car impairs driving Nass : Your brain works to fill in the blanks talking to an entity you ca n't see and does n't listen
Palo Alto , California  CNN  -- If our nation wants to reduce global warming , air pollution and energy instability , we should invest only in the best energy options . Nuclear energy is n't one of them . Every dollar spent on nuclear is one less dollar spent on clean renewable energy and one more dollar spent on making the world a comparatively dirtier and a more dangerous place , because nuclear power and nuclear weapons go hand in hand . In the November issue of Scientific American , my colleague Mark DeLucchi of the University of California-Davis and I laid out a plan to power the world with nothing but wind , water and sun . After considering the best available technologies , we decided that a combination of wind , concentrated solar , geothermal , photovoltaics , tidal , wave and hydroelectric energy could more than meet all the planet 's energy needs , particularly if all the world 's vehicles could be run on electric batteries and hydrogen fuel cells . We rejected nuclear for several reasons . First , it 's not carbon-free , no matter what the advocates tell you . Vast amounts of fossil fuels must be burned to mine , transport and enrich uranium and to build the nuclear plant . And all that dirty power will be released during the 10 to 19 years that it takes to plan and build a nuclear plant .  A wind farm typically takes two to five years . Stewart Brand says now is the time for nuclear power The on-the-ground footprint of nuclear power , through its plants and uranium mines , is about 1,000 times larger than it is for wind . Wind turbines are merely poles in the ground -- with lots of space between them that can be farmed , ranched or left open -- or poles in the ocean . Geothermal energy also has a much smaller footprint than nuclear ; solar only slightly more . But while geothermal , solar and wind are safe , nuclear is not . For nuclear to meet all the world 's energy needs today -- 12.5 terawatts  1 terawatt = 1 trillion watts  -- more than 17,000 nuclear plants would be needed . Even if nuclear were only 5 percent of the solution , most countries would have nuclear plants . What 's worse , the nuclear industry wants to reprocess waste to obtain more energy from increasingly scarce uranium . But this only produces more weapons-grade uranium and plutonium . A global push toward nuclear energy would mean that uranium enrichment -- and efforts at nuclear weapons development -- would certainly grow throughout the world . . Nuclear proponents argue that not enough clean renewables exist to power the world . However , part of our work at Stanford University has been to map world renewable energy resources . Enough wind and solar exist in high-wind and sunny locations over land to power the world for all purposes multiple times over . There is no shortage . Nuclear proponents also argue that nuclear energy production is constant , unlike fickle winds and sunshine . But worldwide , nuclear plants are down 15 percent of the time , and when a plant goes down , so does a large fraction of the grid . Connecting wind farms over large areas through transmission lines smoothes power supply . Combining geothermal with wind  whose power potential often peaks at night  and solar  which peaks by day  , and using hydroelectricity to fill in gaps , would almost always match demand . Converting to electric vehicles and using smart charging practices would also help to match supply with demand . So would storing energy  with concentrated solar  and giving people incentives to reduce demand . It is not rocket science to match power demand . It merely requires thinking out of the box . Finally , the costs of land-based wind , geothermal and hydroelectricity are competitive with conventional new sources of electricity ; costs of solar and wind over the ocean are higher but declining . Costs of nuclear have historically been underestimated . In sum , if we invest in nuclear versus true renewables , you can bet that the glaciers and polar ice caps will keep melting while we wait , and wait , for the nuclear age to arrive . We will also guarantee a riskier future for us all . There is no need for nuclear . The world can be powered by wind , water and sun alone . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mark Z. Jacobson .	Every dollar spent on nuclear power is one less spent on renewable energy , says Mark Jacobson He says nuclear power plants take a very long time to build He says mining , transport , enriching of uranium and building plants require fossil fuels Widespread nuclear plants raise risk of spreading nuclear weapons , he writes
CNN  -- World number three Roger Federer exited the Monte Carlo Masters at the quarterfinals stage to Austrian Jurgen Melzer Friday . Melzer was securing his first victory over the 16-time grand slam champion as he ran out a 6-4 6-4 winner at the prestigious clay court event . It was the earliest defeat for Federer in a tournament this year , ending his hopes of claiming the Monte Carlo title for the first time after being beaten three times in the final by Rafael Nadal . He has drawn blank since claiming the ATP season-opener in Doha , Qatar . Federer had breezed to the last eight , but was always struggling against Melzer in blustery conditions . Melzer broke for 3-2 in the opening set after an errant Federer forehand and held on to close it out . Blog : Can Sharapova return to the top ? The second followed a similar pattern , with Federer unable to capitalize on his seven break points in the match as the seventh seed went through . Melzer was delighted to finally get past his old nemesis in such convincing fashion . "  He beat me three times last year and I did n't even win a set , " he told AFP . "  But many things went well for me , my shots worked well . When he had break points I was calm and served well . "  I did well on the big points and played my game . " Federer shrugged off his defeat as he now takes a two-week break before the Madrid Masters in his build-up to the French Open next month . "  I do n't think I played terrible , it was OK . Obviously , it was still the first week of clay , so I do n't expect myself to play my very best . If I had , it would be a pleasant surprise , " said the second seed . Melzer will now play world number six David Ferrer after the Spaniard saw off 11th Viktor Troicki of Serbia 6-3 6-3 in an earlier match Friday . There was no stopping world number one Rafael Nadal , bidding for his seventh straight title in Monte Carlo , as he swept aside Croatian Ivan Ljubicic 6-1 6-3 to reach the last four . Nadal will face off against Britain 's Andy Murray for a place in Sunday 's final after the number three seed continued his fine run with a 6-1 6-2 dismissal of Portuguse qualifier Frederico Gil in just over an hour .	Roger Federer beaten in quarterfinals of Monte Carlo Masters by Jurgen Melzer Melzer wins 6-4 6-4 to earn a semifinal meeting with Spain 's David Ferrer Rafael Nadal crushes Ivan Ljubicic to stay on course for seventh straight Monte Carlo crown Andy Murray next up for World No. 1 after he beat Frederico Gil 6-2 6-1
