CNN  -- Tattoos have had a variety of purposes over their 5,000-year history . In cultures from ancient Egyptian to Polynesian , they 've served as medicine , rite of passage , good-luck charm , punishment , decoration , religious , political or status symbol , and , of course , tribute to a loved one . And many times , that loved one is Mom . "  Just about anybody that 's heavily tattooed , if they do n't have it already , -LSB- a mom tattoo -RSB- is definitely on their list of things to get , " said tattoo artist Alan Flores , who works out of 13 Roses Tattoo Parlour in Atlanta . What 's thought of as the "  traditional " mom tattoo -- a heart with a banner , stereotypically seen on World War II-era sailors -- is still a popular design . "  I 've done plenty of mom tattoos with banners around hearts , " said Flores . But custom motifs , handwriting and even portraits are gaining ground -- check out the gallery above . "  I did one the other day on a guy ; his mom is a tennis player , so I drew up a head with a tennis racket , " said Flores . And sometimes customers just come to him with general ideas -- "  favorite flowers , things she likes " -- and then "  it 's up to me to create that image that they 're picturing . " In Flores ' experience , people usually get mom or dad tattoos as memorials for a parent after they 've passed away . Of course , they can also honor a special occasion or serve as a tribute . Kyle Divine , in the gallery above , got his tattoo on Mother 's Day in 2006 , and John Clarke got his for his mother 's 70th birthday . Amanda Clifton and her mom got matching tattoos during a mother/daughter vacation . "  When you have so much love for a person , it 's hard not to show some love with ink , " Clifton remarked . Pondering a tattoo of your own to honor mom ? If you 're thinking of a custom or unique piece , like a portrait , Flores recommends bringing in your tattoo artist from the start to refine your vision . "  I know what works as a tattoo and I know what does n't work , " he said . "  A lot of art ca n't be translated to skin . " Once you 've got your mom ink , be sure to share the love and show off your design on CNN iReport . Happy Mother 's Day !	For more than 100 years , tattoos have been a popular way to honor mom Designs range from the iconic banner and heart to custom portraits and handwriting "  It 's hard not to show some love with ink , " says one woman with a mom tat Have a mom tattoo of your own ? Show it off on CNN iReport
CNN  -- A football fan has been arrested after a bizarre attack on a team 's goalkeeper which forced Wednesday 's Dutch Cup match between Ajax and AZ Alkmaar to be called off before halftime . Costa Rica international Esteban Alvarado fought back against a pitch invader in the 37th minute of the match , and was sent off by the referee for kicking the 19-year-old to the ground . Referee Bas Nijhuis ended the match prematurely , with Ajax leading 1-0 , after Alkmaar coach Gertjan Verbeek took his players off the field . "  This was a terrible incident and we deeply regret it and offer our sincere apologies , " Ajax 's financial director Jeroen Slop told the Amsterdam club 's website . "  The supporter has been handed over to the police . It was a 19-year-old man who was probably under the influence of alcohol . He said he hated the AZ goalkeeper and had therefore attacked him . " Slop said Ajax had tried to reassure the visiting team , but they left the ground . "  Ajax offered to put additional stewards around the pitch to ensure their safety and play the game but AZ stuck to their decision , " he said . The Dutch FA released a statement saying it was waiting on a report from its prosecutor of football before taking any action . "  There are three options : the game is completed , the game is replayed , or the respective position is regarded as the final score , " it said . Ajax coach Frank de Boer was bemused by the chain of events . "  I do n't know how I would react in a situation like that , because I 've never experienced anything like it , " he said . "  It 's a strange , sad close to 2011 . The first half of the season is suddenly over . I wished all of the players happy holidays and told them I 'd see them again on January 3rd . It 's just very sad . "	AZ Alkmaar goalkeeper is sent off after fighting back against a pitch invader Dutch Cup game at Amsterdam Arena is called off after only 37 minutes Alkmaar coach takes his players off the field due to safety concerns Ajax official says the 19-year-old supporter has been handed to police
So after all the hype , was the lost sleep and the sore necks from looking at the sky worth it ? People throughout North America could ask that question Saturday , hours after witnessing a unique meteor shower that was visible in the middle of the night . Judging from social media responses , this cosmic event appeared to have little bang in some places , while delivering a few prize goods elsewhere . But for die-hard star geeks , there will be an Act II , an even bigger treat , as the last part of the shower -- a comet -- passes by Earth , beginning Saturday evening . Whatever the verdict , there will probably never be a second chance for the May Camelopardalids meteor shower . Many showers come annually , in October , December , January and April , said NASA meteor observer Bill Cooke . In August , for example , we will see the return of the spectacular Perseid meteor shower . But the Camelopardalids shower , named for the constellation the shooting stars appeared to fly out of , was a rare gift from the planet Jupiter . The biggest planet in the solar system bent the meteors ' orbit with its powerful gravitational pull so that they would collide with Earth . "  Next year , it will tug the debris field away from the Earth , and we wo n't see a meteor shower , so this is kind of a one-shot deal , " Cooke said . Rare comet pass The debris field derives from the coming comet , which bears the uninspiring name 209P/LINEAR . Astronomers have stopped coming up with fancy nomenclature for the hundreds of comets they spot and instead give each new one a number and the name of the project that discovered it . LINEAR stands for Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research . Jupiter will fling the comet our way , too , causing it to fly by our planet at a distance of 5 million miles . "  A comfortable distance , which is good , " Cooke said . Its core is 1 to 2 miles wide , and a direct hit to Earth would be disastrous . Even though 209P/LINEAR passes by every five years while orbiting the sun , this time around it will offer a rare sight to hobby astronomers . "  The comet normally does n't pass this close , " Cooke said . Anyone with a consumer model 3-inch-reflector telescope should be able to see it in the north sky late Wednesday , if the heavens are clear . Those who want a sneak peek through a more powerful telescope can get it from 6 p.m. ET Saturday via the online observatory service Slooh . To have 209P/LINEAR 's debris field pass the Earth ahead of its comet is like putting the tail before the dog . Usually debris fields follow comets just like their tails do . Again , Jupiter was the culprit . It ripped off the debris field and threw it out in front of 209P/LINEAR . "  Jupiter is a big gravitational bully of the solar system , " Cooke said . This particular comet and its field just happen to pass through that planet 's orbit . After many passes around the solar system , the comet also does n't have much of a tail left , so gazers should n't expect to see a long , stunning ribbon trailing it , just a short dash . Surprise package Cooke said from the start that the Camelopardalids could be a star-studded gala or a dud . NASA could n't predict it ahead of time , because the debris field was formed some 200 years ago , when astronomers could n't see it , Cooke said . They merely knew that it was coming . "  It 's kind of like being able to predict rain at 11:30 in the morning but not being able to predict a drizzle or a thunderstorm . " Reactions from shooting-star gazers across the country ran the gamut on social media , and judging by some , it did deliver fireworks . "  Izzi and I literally just saw and heard a meteor explode right before our eyes , " . hannaH posted to Twitter "  Just saw a awesomely bright meteor with a blue tail !! #MeteorShower , " Twitter user Carmen said from Chicago . But it served up some anticlimax , too . A few netizens called it a complete bust . CNN iReporter Jean-Francois Gout had only one word to describe the event : "  Disappointing . " Gout stayed up for more than seven hours to watch the much anticipated meteor shower from Lake Monroe near Bloomington , Indiana . Despite the poor showing , Gout still managed to photograph a few passing meteors overhead . But the night was not a complete loss . "  It was a great excuse to spend the night out in a remote area with some good friends and enjoy the night and the first fireflies of the season , which sometimes we would think for a fraction of a second were meteors , " he said . Despite the lackluster showing , iReporter Cat Connor enjoyed staying up to watch the celestial event . She photographed the meteor shower over Mono Lake in California , and she was n't alone . There were dozens of other photographers camped out at the lake hoping to catch a glimpse of Camelopardalids . "  There were many photographers there . All you could see were the lights of their cameras scattered around the lake , " she wrote . "  Guess anyone who invited someone on a date to watch the ` meteor shower ' is looking like a pretty big creep right about now , " New Yorker Kevin Depew tweeted . Some found moments of serendipity in the event . Barry Shupp , a Pennsylvania astrophotographer and iReporter , wrote that he was shooting time exposures for the meteor shower when he noticed the International Space Station "  creeping along the horizon . " "  Quickly setting up a shot , I also captured a meteor in the upper right of photo , " he said . A tweet from Los Angeles Times reporter Deborah Netburn seemed to sum up neatly reactions to the shower . "  Watched the #Camelopardalids from the Eastern Sierras . Not exactly a meteor storm , but the 3 I saw were so cool . Long streaks across the sky . " Awe-inspiring photos : ` Blood moon ' mesmerizes sky gazers Astronaut tells kid , ` You 'd love it up here '	May Camelopardalids meteor shower dazzles some , bores others But it 's connected to a comet making a rare close pass by Earth , NASA says You can see 209P/LINEAR with a telescope Or you can catch it online at observatory service Slooh
CNN  -- A former Communist-era naval base in east Europe could soon become the most important new European superyacht hub in decades . Porto Montenegro marina is being developed in the Bay of Kotor in southern Montenegro , the tiny former-Yugoslav nation , a region with the lowest GDP in Europe . It is the brainchild of multi-millionaire gold miner Peter Munk who hopes his plans will turn this area into a glamorous and economically thriving hotspot to rival the likes of Monaco , Cannes and Portofino . To this end , the bay , with its picturesque mountains , is undergoing a transformation that will leave it decorated with luxury penthouses , upmarket shopping boulevards and the capacity to hold 600 yachts in its harbor . But despite the grandness of the development , it was not so long ago that 82-year-old Munk , thought the scheme an impossible dream . "  I never thought I 'd have the opportunity to put all this into practice , " said Monk , who is CEO of Barrik Gold , the world 's largest gold mining company . "  Where would I get the chance to create the perfect port in Europe , somewhere that 's large and protected , where the water is deep and where the government is co-operating ? It would be a chance in a million , " he said . So how did he get from notions of a "  fantasy port " to the very real Porto Montenegro development ? It was some chance comments that piqued his interest back in 2000 , in his former role as chairman and CEO of the largest Canadian/US real-estate firm Trizec Properties , which had interests throughout Central Europe . Advisors recommended having a look at Montenegro , in those days part of the rump of former Yugoslavia . "  The Canadian ambassador in Belgrade also recommended it to me . He said I should have a look next time I 'm in Europe , " he says . In 2003 , he was flown in a government helicopter over the Bay of Kotor . This huge , mountain-fringed harbor had been hidden from view for decades , during its time housing the Tivat naval base , home of the Yugoslav navy . Foreign charts were out of date and there had been a 30-mile no-fly zone over the bay . The location was for many years , quite literally , off the radar . When Monk saw the bay he was gobsmacked . "  I absolutely flipped . I dropped my knickers . I 'd never seen anywhere as beautiful in my life , " he said . This was the virgin territory he had been waiting for and he met with Montenegrin Prime Minister , Milo Dukanovic , who told him that they were keen to privatize some military assets , including the base at Tivat . Next came the money : "  That was easy . I just got some friends involved . They are all yachtsmen . " Today , Porto Montenegro is making strides , with phase one complete and over 85 boats of all sizes in place . "  Our investment is a transformational investment , not just of the base , but of the country , " says Munk . The first fruits of this can be seen with a range of developments in the region -- hotels -- built to planning restrictions that mean this will hopefully not become yet another concrete jungle -- a golf course , and international flights to Tivat airport . "  People have seen that if we can attract hundreds of yachts it will open up the whole country . They see the wealth that comes from the big yachts , which provide the employment , the foreign currency , the purchasing power . " He adds : "  We 're not taking a dollar out . We 're putting in an infrastructure , we 're educating , we 're attracting other investors . We 're creating roads , buildings , pure water , an image . "  We 're investing hundreds of millions of dollars . In the meantime 60 to 70 Montenegrins can work for us directly at an income level unknown under communism . " Subscribe to SuperYachtWorld COPYRIGHT © 2010 IPC MEDIA LTD. . ALL RIGHTS RESERVED	Is Porto Montenegro set to become the most glamorous yacht hub in decades ? Multi-millionaire behind the project believes it will strongly benefit local economy Site of development is former Communist era naval-base and international "  no fly " zone
CNN  In the final days of the Israeli election campaign , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu disavowed the two-state solution and said there would be no Palestinian state on his watch . He also earned universal condemnation for his panicked warning to his followers on election day that Arabs were "  voting in droves " -- a comment that will resound to his shame and can neither be forgiven nor forgotten unless he apologizes clearly , sincerely and without reservation . And now , facing international uproar and a stern U.S. response , Israeli officials have started backing away from these statements . The Israeli ambassador to Canada , Rafael Barak , said Wednesday on CBC TV , "  This is an election campaign and you have to take with a grain of salt what was said at the last minute when the polls say you are going to lose . " Netanyahu himself , in an interview on NBC , tried to qualify his words about a two-state solution , saying what he meant to say was that a Palestinian state was not viable under present conditions . He knows that stance is totally unacceptable to Israel 's chief ally , the United States , and to the rest of the international community . And he should not be allowed to slip off the hook so easily . Indeed , far from taking this statement with a grain of salt , the world is likely to look back at his previously stated support for a two-state solution and take that with more than a grain of salt . The fact is , rhetorical if not actual support for a two-state solution has served Netanyahu well for the past several years , and has provided him with a convenient shield against international pressure to end the almost 48-year occupation of the West Bank and Gaza . Also helping Netanyahu was the presence in his Cabinet of Israeli politicians who actually do believe in a two-state solution and worked hard to make it happen -- notably former Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni , who headed up the failed 2014 negotiations with the Palestinians . Livni wanted to move forward in the talks , but found herself hemmed in and frustrated by Netanyahu 's aides -- and apparently by the prime minister himself -- at every turn . Now , as he constructs a coalition of ultranationalists and ultra-Orthodox , those shields have been stripped away . Netanyahu must now face the world having bared his true face and exposed his true beliefs -- and the international community , led by the United States , must respond accordingly . What should this involve ? To begin with , Washington should not wait for others to draft a U.N. resolution condemning the settlements . It should take the initiative , in consultation with its international partners , in drafting a resolution that lays out the detailed parameters for an end to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . The resolution should of course state unequivocally that the solution rests in an Israeli withdrawal to the 1967 lines , with equivalent land swaps to incorporate some of the major settlement blocs within Israel . It should also reiterate Israel 's right to security . And it should state clearly and unambiguously that the settlements are illegal under international law and must stop . Words are important -- but more important are deeds . Whatever he says about the two-state solution , the next Netanyahu government is virtually certain to blast ahead with settlement-building . It is on that basis that he and his administration should be diplomatically isolated and condemned . In his campaign statement , Netanyahu took pride in approving the construction of a huge suburb on the southern fringes of Jerusalem in order to block Palestinian construction from neighboring Bethlehem . He boasted that the building was not simply to provide housing for Jews rather than Palestinians , but that it was to make it harder for the Palestinians to establish a coherent , territorially contiguous state . Netanyahu 's statement was a moment of truth for him , for Israel and for the world . He was admirably blunt and concise . He left no doubt what he intended . Now , the world must hold him to account .	Benjamin Netanyahu dismissed idea of Palestinian state during campaign Alan Elsner : Israeli officials have started backing away from his statements
CNN  -- The top general in the Yemeni opposition says he rejects a new proposal that would allow the country 's embattled President Ali Abdullah Saleh to remain in power until a new leader is found . "  The general public in Yemen is seeking a transfer of power to the vice president , " Gen. Ali Mohsen al-Ahmer said in an exclusive interview with CNN . "  This is a principle that we must follow because there are agreements that sides have signed and it is compulsory that all sides agree on its specifics ; not change its points . " Ahmer , a leading Yemeni military leader who defected to the opposition in March , told CNN that the Yemeni people want full implementation of an agreement written by the Gulf Cooperation Council that would push out Saleh and hold elections for a new government . Ahmer also called for the United States , the European Union and the GCC to pressure Saleh to step down . "  Our friends the Americans and the Europeans and the British and the GCC and Saudi Arabia are guarantors for its implementation , " Ahmer said of the power transfer plan . Yemen has been consumed by unrest for months as protesters have demanded an end to Saleh 's rule . And Ahmer 's stance is likely to harden its political stalemate . Vice President Abdu Rabu Mansoor Hadi is the acting leader of Yemen in the absence of Saleh , who was wounded in a June 3 assassination attempt and is getting treatment in Saudi Arabia . Saleh has said he intends to return . Under the Gulf Cooperation Council plan , Saleh would have given up power to a transitional government after 30 days . But in May , after four members of his ruling party signed the deal , he refused -- saying he would not leave the country to sign the deal because he feared a coup , according to a senior official of his ruling General People 's Congress party . According to Ahmer , Hadi can make significant changes in Yemen even though he holds the title of acting president . Ahmer spoke highly of Hadi , referring to him as "  our brother the vice president " and calling him wise . He said "  all sides agree on him and all respect him " to head the interim leadership that would oversee elections for a new government . "  In truth , he does not act with full authority as president of the Republic of Yemen , but in the future , he will practice his full authority , " Ahmer said . However , officials loyal to Saleh insist that he has to oversee any transition for it to be legitimate . In recent weeks , government troops have battled both anti-government tribal forces and Islamic militants , including al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . Asked what steps are being taken to avoid further escalation of the conflict , Ahmer said the opposition wants the United States to play a role "  because they are guarantors in this initiative . " "  The people must help with these peaceful demands -- whether friends or neighbors -- to help Yemen pass to safe waters , " Ahmer said . CNN 's Greg Botelho and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	Gen. Ahmer speaks to CNN in an exclusive interview The United States must help implement a transition of power , Ahmer says Vice President Hadi is "  wise " and "  our brother , " Ahmer says
CNN  The horrific events in Paris and northern Nigeria have underlined again how troubled and fragmented our world is . Religious extremism and sectarianism is fueling terrorism and widespread conflict which has forced millions in Syria , Iraq and elsewhere to flee . Aggressive nationalism and politics based on prejudice and a false view of identity is on the increase in many countries . Disease and hunger continue to take a terrible toll . Yet we know what needs to be done , for example , to end the Ebola disaster , halt climate change , rid our world of hunger and begin the difficult process of healing deep divisions in our societies . Our failure is not because of a lack of knowledge or global resources but leadership and resolve -- by politicians but also throughout society . How we put this right must be at the heart of all discussions at Davos this week . Let 's start with Ebola . We have known about this disease for 40 years , how deadly it is , how it is transmitted and how to prevent infection . Yet we have lost thousands of lives already to the epidemic in West Africa and only now have the resources , from within countries and outside , been mobilized to halt it . We need to learn the lessons and ensure we can move much more quickly and effectively before such deadly diseases take hold . The last few months have also underlined the need for big pharma to invest more into the research of diseases that occur in poorer countries . The extraordinary progress in tackling some of the world 's greatest killers through the development and distribution of vaccines shows what can be achieved through our collective efforts . Second , Africa , with the world 's most uncultivated arable land , has the potential to help end the global food security and nutrition crisis . Yet it fails to grow enough food even to feed its own people . Africa 's governments have recognised their responsibility to put in place the policies and investments which will enable the continent 's farmers , big and small , to provide the food needed . They must deliver the improved infrastructure which is vital to this ambition . Business must respond as well , particularly by giving small-holder farmers the access to new crop varieties , techniques and markets . The third area where leadership is absolutely crucial is the climate crisis . How is it possible that climate change conferences continually fail to provide the breakthrough given that the science is so clear about the threat to future generations and our planet ? In December , a global agreement must be reached in Paris on the framework and policies needed to halt climate change . Political leaders need to look beyond the next electoral cycle . Civil society has largely already understood what needs to be done . I believe corporations will quickly respond to the challenge as many already have . There can be no clearer example of where our common values must be rediscovered . There are welcome signs that this is , at last , beginning to be understood . Fourthly , we know that successful peace processes are our only chance of escaping the circle of violence . Without the resolve to address the past openly , and without leaders showing the courage to give peace commissions the independence they need , solutions will be haphazard . It takes courage to address the rights of victims genuinely , but it is fundamental to heal wounds permanently . In a world riddled with conflict , this courage will be more essential than ever . The international community needs to do more to support countries through this often difficult process . Finally , there is also an urgent need to step up support for democracy and elections . While almost every country now votes , public faith in democracy is on the wane . In too many countries , political leaders manipulate the process to deny their citizens a proper voice . Even in mature democracies , there is an increasingly widespread belief that elections change little and that the political elite serve only their only narrow interests . Leaders in 2015 will once more have the choice between using elections to give their regimes a veneer of democratic legitimacy or ensuring a level-playing field , respecting the secrecy of the ballot and , above all , accept the result peacefully . Last year 's successful Presidential elections and peaceful hand-over of power in Indonesia , the world 's third largest democracy , even when the result was very close provided real hope for the future . Supporting the integrity of elections in Africa and elsewhere will be an area , like all these challenges , I and my Foundation sees as particular priorities this year . In times of uncertainty , it is all too easy to surrender to fear and retreat , look inward and think short-term . But what is urgently needed is the ability in politics but also in business and society as a whole to look beyond national borders , the next election or set of quarterly results . This must underpin not just discussions at Davos but all our actions as voters , citizens and consumers in the coming months and years . Read more of CNN 's coverage from Davos 2015 More from African Voices The views expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kofi Annan .	Annan : Failure to deal with global issues is because of lack of leadership and resolve Ebola disaster , climate change and hunger are testing societies Davos talks must focus on finding solutions In business and politics , long-term perspective key to ensuring future prosperity
CNN  -- "  Sitting in class , second grade , teachers would put me outside the hallway because I had been ticking so loud I was a ` distraction , ' " recalled 25-year-old Amber Comfort . "  Teachers would walk by me back and forth and say ` you 'd better stop that before you get into my class next year . ' Things that were just completely obscene , that you would never expect the world to be , and I had to deal with on a daily basis . " From the age of five , Comfort has suffered from Tourette 's syndrome , a neurological disorder that causes her to make involuntary movements and loud noises , known as tics . For almost 20 years , the condition has shaped every moment of her life . "  I do n't remember any parts of ever being tic free , " she said . "  There 's not a day that 's gone by that I do n't remember moving or making noise when I could n't help it . " But she has not let Tourette 's dictate how she lives . Comfort graduated from high school with honors and was even accepted to college on full scholarship . But her uncontrollable outbursts have made it hard to continue her education or even hold down a steady job . There is one thing that comes easy though . Singing . She loves to sing , and when she does , her tics are curiously absent . "  Singing is what gets me through a lot of hard days . When I 'm on the computer , when I 'm driving , when I write poetry , basically anything with a sense of focus , " Comfort explained . "  When I have to worry about my tics I do just that -- I worry about my tics . " Deep brain stimulation There is no cure for Tourette 's syndrome . But after years of suffering and unsuccessful therapies , Comfort was selected for experimental surgery by specialists from the University of Florida 's Center for Movement Disorders . The procedure is called deep brain stimulation  DBS  , where small electrodes are implanted into the brain to stimulate affected regions in patients with movement disorders such as Parkinson 's disease or tremors . The delivery of electricity is at the root of what makes DBS work . The electrodes are attached to an impulse generator , or pacemaker , implanted under the patient 's skin , which provides electrical impulses to the affected region of the brain . By providing impulses to circuits in the brain associated with a specific motor skill , it 's possible to change the connections between neurons and stop the abnormal activity that causes the symptoms . DBS was first approved for tremors in 1997 and since then more than 100,000 patients have had the procedure . But Comfort 's surgery would be the first time the technique had been used for Tourette 's . Tourette 's syndrome is characterized by an impulsivity that combines both emotion and motor activity and makes the underlying neurology differ from that of Parkinson 's and other conditions previously treated with DBS . "  The difference in Tourette is the movement is n't there all the time , " explained neurologist Dr. Michael Okun , co-director of the Center for Movement Disorders and author of "  Parkinson 's Treatment : 10 Secrets to a Happier Life with Parkinson 's Disease . " "  The patients that have a tic , they get this build up ; they call it a premonitory urge . They feel like they need to move and until they move , they do n't feel better . " This urge to tic is a daily woe for people like Comfort . "  It 's like having 15 mosquito bites that you ca n't itch , " she said . "  There 's no way to ever tell they are coming . " Until now , treatments available for Tourette 's have been behavioral therapy and drug medications . These treatments , however , only manage the severity of tics to make them less disruptive and do not prevent them . "  Without my medications , I am one of the worst cases the doctors have ever seen in the United States , " said Comfort . Experimental surgery In September 2014 , Comfort had the DBS electrodes implanted in her brain -- a 12-hour process that involved six operations . In addition to the standard electrode leads , she had a new grid-like device implanted on top of her brain -- an experimental procedure intended to gather information from her brain that could not only lessen her tics , but maybe someday stop them . Not only did Comfort have four holes drilled into her skull , but she was awake throughout the process . "  The way sedatives work is by suppressing brain activity , so we get better recordings if we do n't use any sedatives , " explained Dr. Kelly Foote , also co-director of the Center for Movement Disorders , who performed the surgery . The team uses music to help relax the patient while the painless , but stressful , procedure is carried out . "  We let them pick the music to take the focus off the fact that I am drilling a hole in their head , and cutting their scalp and that sort of thing , " said Foote . Comfort 's surgery was a success , but implanting the stimulation and recording devices is just the start of the DBS process . Okun and Foote will now monitor Comfort 's brain activity over the next six to 12 months . The grid will provide insight into the underlying cause of her Tourette 's syndrome and allow the doctors to regulate the electrical impulses so that they can begin to manage and maybe someday , eliminate her tics . For Comfort , this is her chance to finally live a normal life . "  If it 's a chance to change my life for the better and to make sure I do n't have to deal with this anymore , I 'm up for it , " said Comfort . "  I have had this 20 years , and I think I 've done my time . "	Tourette syndrome causes sufferers to make involuntary movements and noises Deep brain stimulation could help with the disorder Small electrodes are implanted into the brain to stimulate affected regions American Tourette 's sufferer Amber Comfort has pioneering surgery
CNN  -- Virginia police detectives talked Sunday for the first time with a 12-year-old Virginia girl and the man who allegedly kidnapped her and has been deemed a prime suspect in her mother 's death . Roanoke County police Detective John McPhail said that Sunday morning he and three colleagues discussed the death of 41-year-old Tina Smith with Jeffrey Scott Easley , currently in police custody in San Francisco , California , on warrants for abduction , credit card theft and credit card fraud . While police are investigating Tina Smith 's death as a homicide , they have not said how she died . They also talked with Brittany Mae Smith , Tina 's daughter , who police had been searching for since Monday . McPhail said the girl "  will be heading back to Roanoke soon , " but did not disclose when exactly that might happen . McPhail addressed reporters in front of San Francisco 's Hall of Justice at 2 p.m.  5 p.m. ET  Sunday , a day after he and his three fellow detectives arrived in California from Virginia . All four have been assigned a particular aspect of a case that involves both the abduction of Brittany Smith and the death of her mother . He did not disclose what police talked about with Easley or Brittany Smith , saying that the investigation was still ongoing . Roanoke County Police Chief Ray Lavinder said Saturday that Easley is a "  very good suspect " in the death of Tina Smith -- his girlfriend and Brittany 's mother -- who was found dead inside her Salem , Virginia , home last Monday . Police believe that Tina Smith was killed sometime between the morning and evening of December 3 , Lavinder has said . On that same day , surveillance video shows Easley and Brittany Smith shopping for a blue , domed tent at a Walmart in Salem . Lavinder said that authorities believe the two left Virginia , heading west toward California , on that night or early Saturday , December 4 . They traveled more than 2,300 miles in Tina Smith 's silver 2005 Dodge Neon four-door sedan , later located in a parking lot adjacent to San Francisco International Airport after authorities had found Brittany Smith and Easley . A tipster in a Safeway supermarket in San Francisco spotted the pair after seeing their images earlier on CNN , said San Francisco Police Officer Albie Esparza . The two had been holding up a cardboard sign and asking for money , Lavinder said . On Sunday , McPhail said that he and the other Virginia detectives visited the supermarket , as well as the area within walking distance where the tent had been found and Easley and Brittany Smith had been staying . Esparza said Brittany was turned over to California 's Child Protective Services division after she was found . She has no visible injuries and has been in touch with family members , according to Lavinder . Easley did not resist arrest , he added . The chief has said Easley met Tina Smith online this summer , then moved into the family home in October . Police issued an Amber Alert for Brittany on Monday after finding the body of her mother . Tina Smith 's co-workers had called to express concern that she had n't shown up for work . Authorities in Florida and Alabama followed suit with Amber Alerts in subsequent days , and notices went out to law enforcement nationwide . Authorities said they do not know if the girl went west willingly with Easley . Regardless , with Brittany Smith safely located , Virginia authorities say they have now turned their focus to the homicide investigation . They are also trying to get Easley back east , though an extradition hearing has n't taken take place in California courts . He could go to Virginia relatively soon if he waives extradition , or the process may be delayed weeks if he contests his return .	Virginia police meet with Jeffrey Easley and the girl he allegedly abducted They also went to the San Francisco supermarket where the two were found The girl and suspect were soliciting money outside the California store Friday Easley is a "  very good suspect " in the death of Tina Smith , the girl 's mother , police say
CNN  -- Spirit Airlines is n't happy with the new airline price advertising rule . The big "  Warning ! " sign popping up on the carrier 's website makes that pretty clear . The message : "  New government regulations require us to HIDE taxes in your fares . This is not consumer friendly or in your best interest . It 's wrong and you should n't stand for it . " The rule , which requires airlines to roll mandatory per-passenger taxes and fees into the advertised fare , went into effect this week as part of a new package of Department of Transportation airline passenger protections . Before the rule , airlines could advertise the base fare or show it on the first screen of online fare results , adding taxes and fees later in the shopping process . Opinion : Truth in advertising is the best policy Sen. Barbara Boxer , D-California , called Spirit 's message to customers a "  deliberate attempt to deceive the flying public " in a letter Thursday to Spirit CEO Ben Baldanza , urging him to take the warning off the airline 's website and clarify its message to consumers . Spirit Airlines is disappointed by the letter , said spokeswoman Misty Pinson . "  We would normally expect Senators to encourage  First  Amendment protection , " Pinson said via e-mail . "  We have always shown taxes before someone purchased . They now want them hidden . It is wrong and we will fight for consumers , " Pinson said . Spirit 's online message encourages customers to contact lawmakers to oppose the rule . Boxer 's office is n't buying the airline 's First Amendment argument . "  Spirit Airlines seems to think it has a First Amendment right to deliberately mislead its own customers . I 'm not sure that 's what our founding fathers had in mind , " said Boxer spokesman Andy Stone , noting that the Department of Transportation has fined Spirit in the past for deceptive price advertising . The Business Travel Coalition , a group advocating for transparency , calls Spirit 's message "  a disgraceful lie " employing "  over-the-top fear tactics . " Opinion : New rules make airfare seem higher In messages to consumers , Spirit said the government has a "  hidden agenda " to increase taxes . The Obama administration has proposed raising air travel taxes , which the DOT says is unrelated to the new regulation . "  We are simply requiring airlines to post the full fare , and we leave it to them to break it down if they want , " DOT spokesman Bill Mosley said . Spirit is not the only airline that objected to the new regulations . Spirit , Southwest Airlines and Allegiant Air have all made legal appeals to have the price advertising rule overturned . Southwest said the rule singles out airlines . "  Our main objection ... is that there is no justification for treating air travel differently from just about everything else that consumers purchase , i.e. they pay for the price of goods and services and then pay tax . And that 's how everything is advertised , as the price of the item separately from the tax on that price , " Southwest spokeswoman Brandy King told CNN last month . Southwest 's message to passengers about the new rule takes a different tack , explaining the changes and assuring consumers that while fares look higher , the airline and subsidiary AirTran have not raised fares .	Airline to customers : Fare rule "  wrong and you should n't stand for it " Sen. Barbara Boxer and advocacy group call Spirit 's message deceitful Rule requires airlines to roll mandatory taxes and fees into advertised fares
CNN  -- Federal investigators have found salmonella bacteria in chicken feed and in barn and walkway areas at Iowa farms at the center of the nationwide outbreak , officials said . The feed or feed ingredients could have become contaminated after they went through heat treatment that was sufficient to kill salmonella , officials from the Food and Drug Administration told reporters . Produced at a mill at a Wright County Egg Co. facility , the feed was given to pullet chickens at both Wright County Egg and Hillandale Farms , which between them recalled more than a half-billion eggs since the salmonella outbreak . The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said a total of 2,403 cases of Salmonella enteriditis had been reported in the United States between May 1 and August 25 . Normally , 933 cases would be reported in that time period . The dramatic difference of 1,470 cases may be linked , at least in part , to the outbreak and the tainted eggs , a CDC spokeswoman said . Officials indicated in a conference call that this is the largest Salmonella enteriditis outbreak since tracking began in the mid-1970s . Testing at Wright County Egg farms in Iowa showed the presence of salmonella in the food mill and in manure at two locations , said Sherri McGarry of the Food and Drug Administration . She said investigators are still drawing samples at Hillandale Farms . " Feed were the sources -LSB- of the salmonella -RSB- , but perhaps not the only sources , " McGarry said . The feed could have been contaminated in a number of ways , including by birds , rodents and people 's shoes or boots , officials said . Wright County Egg , in a statement issued later Thursday , said it will "  work with FDA as they expand their review of feed ingredients purchased from outside vendors for our farm , as well as for their ongoing review of our farms . " "  FDA while on our farm tested meat and bone meal that is provided by a third-party supplier as an ingredient for our feed . The ingredient is held separately in an overhead bin that was tested by FDA officials prior to being mixed in with our feed . "  This finding obviously is of great concern to us . As part of our internal investigation and in response to FDA 's initial consideration of feed as a possible source , on August 23 we pulled and sent samples of all ingredients used in our feed for further SE -LSB- Salmonella enteriditis -RSB- testing . In addition , today we provided FDA with information about our third-party supplier and immediately notified that supplier of the testing results . ... "  We have received from FDA three positive environmental SE tests . It 's important to understand that a positive environmental test does not mean eggs from that barn would have SE . " Wright County Egg spokeswoman Hinda Mitchell said the third-party supplier and manufacturer is Central Bi-Products . A call to the company was not immediately returned Thursday night . Thursday 's update by federal regulators came amid rising questions of how the companies monitored their facilities and the speed of the government response . Rep. Bart Stupak , D-Michigan , announced a House subcommittee will hold hearings September 14 on the safety of the nation 's food supply . The subcommittee has requested inspection reports and notices of any violations , among other documents , from Wright County Egg and Hillandale Farms . "  We are working right now to respond to the Committee , and we will approach it in the same forthright manner as we have in our cooperation with FDA to date , " said Mitchell , confirming that owner Jack DeCoster has been invited to appear . Hillandale Farms founder Orland Bethel also has been asked to attend , said spokeswoman Julie DeYoung , who likewise said the company is cooperating with officials . Dr. Jeff Farrar , the associate commissioner for food safety at the FDA , said it took weeks to trace the clusters of salmonella reports to contaminated eggs . Officials did n't believe a massive early recall made sense , nor did they want to wait for confirmed laboratory results , he said . "  We have to strike a balance between being timely and accurate , " Farrar said of the FDA 's move August 11 to ask the companies to do a voluntary recall . Iowa does not have an egg quality assurance program , McGarry said . "  We are not sure how and when this feed could have been contaminated , " she said . FDA officials said new producer egg safety rules , which took effect in July after the outbreak began , will greatly reduce the possibility of a similar salmonella outbreak in the future . More people are likely to report becoming sick because of the two to three weeks it takes for salmonella to manifest itself , said Dr. Christopher R. Braden , acting director of the Division of Foodborne , Waterborne and Environmental Diseases at the CDC . No deaths have been linked to the outbreak , regulators said . Braden said elderly people living in nursing homes have not fallen sick , as they might have in past outbreaks . Increased egg safety procedures in restaurants , along with pasteurization and thorough cooking , have put a dent into the outbreak , he added . Egg consumers had two new brand names to search for in their refrigerators . Wright County Egg , which was responsible for 380 million of the 550 million recalled eggs , said 60-egg cases sold under the Cardenas Market brand in California and Nevada were being recalled . Eggs included in the recall are labeled with plant number 1026 and date codes ranging from 136 to 228 . Dates and codes can be found printed on the label . The plant number begins with the letter P and then the number . The Julian date follows the plant number , for example : P-1026 228 . In addition , Trafficanda Egg Ranch released a statement saying it was doing a voluntary recall of Wright County-supplied shell eggs . The Trafficanda Egg Ranch-branded eggs were distributed to grocery stores and food-service companies in California in 12-egg cartons , 20-egg over-wrapped packages , and 60-egg over-wrapped packages with date codes ranging from 136 to 229 and plant numbers 1026 , 1413 , 1720 , 1942 and 1946 . According to a spokeswoman for the Egg Safety Center , the two newest "  subrecalls " do n't add to the total number of eggs recalled ; both the Cardenas Market and Trafficanda Egg Ranch eggs were counted already as part of Wright County Egg 's 380 million . New regulations went into effect July 9 requiring egg producers with more than 3,000 hens to take measures designed to prevent the spread of salmonella . While FDA inspectors typically did n't inspect farms until after an outbreak of illness , Farrar , the associate commissioner for food safety at the FDA , said that under the new rule , "  We will be beginning routine inspections of egg farms throughout the United States . " While the recall involves hundreds of millions of eggs , they represent less than 1 percent of the 80 billion eggs produced in the United States each year , said Krista Eberle , director of the food safety program at the Egg Safety Center . But even that risk level is too high for some restaurant patrons in Michigan , the most recently added state on the list of those receiving tainted eggs . "  It makes you not even want to order or buy the eggs , " Audrey Karas , a customer at a Big Boy in Warren , Michigan , told CNN affiliate WDIV . Big Boy uses eggs unaffected by the recall . "  It makes you uneasy about buying eggs , even if they are supposed to be safe . " CNN 's Phil Gast and Senior Medical Producer Caleb Hellerman contributed to this report .	Wright County Egg issues statement mentioning outside vendors Testing showed contamination in food mill , in manure samples New egg rules are the key to prevention , federal officials say
Abu Dhabi  CNN  -- We are seeing the deadliest sectarian violence in Iraq since 2008 and that is causing major setbacks for Baghdad 's aspiration to challenge Saudi Arabia as the top oil producer . The latest figures from Iraq 's ministry of energy illustrate the direct link between the violence and the country 's oil output . In May , monthly production hit nearly 77 million barrels in the two major regions Basra and Kirkuk . That sunk , the ministry said , to fewer than 70 million in June as daily production tumbled to less than three million barrels a day . According to the U.N. , the death toll jumped from 595 killed in April to 963 in May -- and more than 1,000 were killed in July . This is a quick turn of fortunes after Iraq surpassed neighboring Iran as the second largest oil producer within OPEC last year , hitting a peak of 3.4 million according to Standard Chartered Bank in its latest report on the country . A couple of years ago , Iraq said it would achieve daily production of 12 million barrels a day by 2020 . The ministry lowered those expectations to nine million and strategists say that remains ambitious . One would think that Iraq would do everything to guard its prized facilities . Pipelines have been attacked , some fields missed production targets , and the cost of production has risen . The inability to protect those fields suggests that the general security situation is worse than expected in many corners of the country . But this goes well beyond sectarian violence and the Sunni-Shiite divide that has wracked this country for the past decade . The central government , under Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki , opted to take a tough line when putting up giant fields for auction in the last few years . Instead of production sharing agreements  PSAs as they are known  when international oil producers take a percentage of each field , Baghdad went with service contracts -- paying companies only for services such as workers and technical advice . Oil executives suggest that earns them well below $ 5 a barrel , when North Sea Brent is trading well above $ 100 , and where it has been for a record three years running . With little upside potential in those fields , there is little appetite for risk either on the production side or when it comes to security -- hence the challenges we are seeing as the violence stretches into a fourth month . While this is a tricky country to navigate as the situation grows more uncertain , it is fair to say the oil majors do n't want to be shut out of this market longer term . Emerging market oil producers have taken the same view -- both the Chinese and Russian producers have been active on the ground , as well regional players from the Middle East . Majid Jafar , CEO of Sharjah based Crescent Petroleum in the UAE , says the current level of Iraq 's proven oil reserves -- 141 billion -- may be too conservative . "  I for one think once they are fully explored they could even be higher than Saudi Arabia , number 1 , " Jafar said when we toured his natural gas facility in the Kurdistan region earlier this year . That is saying a great deal , since OPEC pegged the kingdom 's reserves at 265 billion barrels in 2012 . "  The issue is how to develop those reserves and that is where the challenge lays . There are infrastructure issues , security issues in other parts of the country but the big challenge is policy , " said Jafar . A major policy roadblock remains a national oil law which will govern how revenues are carved up throughout the country . Crescent Petroleum took an early risk to go back into Iraq in 2007 , but did so in the Kurdish region where the investment laws and production sharing agreements are in place . Iraq is earning over $ 90 billion a year at current production levels , nearly matching the budget for the central government . The problem , those who follow the country suggest , is not enough is going back into building a first class network for distribution . Read more : Who 's behind the bloodshed ? Read more : Can Iraq meet its oil potential Read more : Iraq scores its first oil find in decades	Iraq is experiencing the deadliest sectarian violence since 2008 and oil production has fallen Global oil companies in Iraq are paid for their services rather than getting a share of profits This means the companies have little appetite for risk , CNN 's John Defterios says There are fears Iraq is not investing enough in its oil distribution network , he says
Washington  CNN  -- Capitol Hill lawmakers made a fresh push Tuesday to gain passage of a law that punishes those who lie about earning high military honors . The Supreme Court ruled June 28 that the Stolen Valor Act of 2006 was unconstitutional , saying it violated the free speech rights of those making false claims about winning the Medal of Honor and other combat citations . A revised , more narrow version would make it a federal misdemeanor for anyone to benefit financially from lying about military service , records or awards . That would include receiving federal veterans and health care benefits , government contracts or jobs reserved for veterans . Similar state and federal fraud statutes are already on the books , but this law codifies sanctions for those seeking to profit strictly from false military service . "  We must defend the valor of those who have served our country , especially those men and women who have earned awards for outstanding service , but that we also must protect the very liberties for which our service men and women sacrificed , " said Rep. Joe Heck , R-Nevada . "  The Stolen Valor Act of 2011 would achieve both objectives . " Heck , who is also a colonel in the U.S. Army Reserves , and co-sponsor Sen. Scott Brown , R-Massachusetts , held a news conference on the Hill with supporters of the bill , including Mark Donald , a retired Navy SEAL and 2008 Navy Cross recipient . "  It 's not about really a person . The awards represent character , they represent the character of the individual , " said Donald . "  They represent character of the unit , character of the service , character of the country . Those awards actually do n't belong to me , they belong to all of us . It 's a trademark of the country is what it is , for what happened that day . " At issue before the high court last month was the constitutional value of false statements of fact , and whether Congress went too far when passing the Stolen Valor Act in 2006 . A former California politician was prosecuted by the Justice Department for publicly stating he had earned the Medal of Honor , when in fact the man , Xavier Alvarez , had never served in the military . That conviction -- and the law itself -- were dismissed . Writing for the majority , Justice Anthony Kennedy said the law violated free speech protections . "  The nation well knows that one of the costs of the First Amendment is that it protects the speech we detest as well as the speech we embrace , " he said . "  Though few might find  Alvarez 's  statements anything but contemptible , his right to make those statements is protected by the Constitution 's guarantee of freedom of speech and expression . The Stolen Valor Act infringes upon speech protected by the First Amendment . " The high court has traditionally been skeptical of legislation attempting to limit or regulate "  unpopular " speech or free expression -- such as burning the flag , picketing military funerals and the marketing of animal cruelty videos . But Brown said the revised legislation would "  punish military liars and cheats in a way that satisfies the court 's concerns . " The freshman senator currently seeking re-election is also a 33-year member of the U.S. Army National Guard , a colonel in the Judge Advocate General 's Corps . The original Stolen Valor Act was designed to "  protect the reputation " of military decorations , citing "  fraudulent claims surrounding the receipt of the Medal of Honor  and other congressionally authorized military medals , decorations , and honors  . " Similar laws have been in place since 1948 . Spearheading both laws were Pam and Douglas Sterner , former Colorado natives who helped draft the legislation and who lobbied members of Congress to pass it . The couple attended the event Tuesday on Capitol Hill . The Sterners hope technology will soon eliminate many of the military medal frauds . They have been lobbying to secure a government-funded national database of all medal citations , making it easy for the public -- employers , voters , family and almost anyone -- to check to see who has received what . Privacy concerns have blocked previous efforts . At a Pentagon briefing on Tuesday , George Little , a spokesman for Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta , said since the Supreme Court decision , the Pentagon had initiated a review of setting up such a database . "  We are exploring options to stand up a database of valor awards and medals , we have n't arrived at a final conclusion yet , but that process is ongoing and the goal is to stand up such a database , " Little said . The Pentagon review is examining not just a database of recipients of the Medal of Honor , which Little says the Pentagon already has strong informational control over , but also many of the other medals of valor , such as the Silver and Bronze Stars and the Navy Cross . Completing a database with so many awards and matching them to names of recipients going back as early as the Vietnam or Korean wars would pose an organizational challenge , something Little said would have to be addressed in the review . "  There are some complexities involved in looking back into history , we would obviously hope to be able to go as far back as possible , but we also want there to be integrity in the data , " Little said . One other complexity the Pentagon will have to examine is how to get around releasing names and operations of troops wounded on classified missions . "  Those are the kinds of things that we know we 're going to have to look at , " said Pentagon spokesman Navy Capt. John Kirby . CNN 's Juanisha Brooks and Mike Mount contributed to this report .	The Stolen Valor Act of 2006 was deemed unconstitutional by the Supreme Court The high court said it infringed on the First Amendment right to free speech A Colorado couple has spearheaded efforts to get the laws passed
CNN  -- The "  rich man 's club " of Europe faces economic decay as it struggles to absorb the "  poor people " of eastern and southern Europe , according to economic experts on the troubled region . The Marketplace Europe debate , hosted by Richard Quest and featuring Lufthansa boss Christoph Franz , chief executive of Deutsche Post DHL Frank Appel and Financial Times International Affairs Editor Quentin Peel this weekend thrashed out the topic : Can a European single market be globally competitive ? The participants pointed to Europe 's rapid growth as a reason it struggles to remain competitive , while the region attempts to pull itself out of the economic crisis . Read more : Euro recession deepens : So what can the ECB do now ? According to Peel , the problem for Europe is its "  dramatic expansion " to take in all the eastern European countries . "  Everybody wants to catch up to the same level and I think that we have blinded ourselves , " he said during the CNN debate . "  Everybody wanted the German standard of living and maybe productivity was n't keeping up . " The expansion of Europe over the last 10 years has seen the Brussels-based political union embark on the biggest recruitment drive in its history . Since 2004 , the Czech Republic , Cyprus , Estonia , Hungary , Latvia , Lithuania , Malta , Poland , Slovakia and Slovenia were all admitted into the EU , with Romania and Bulgaria joining in 2007 . Read more : Pirelli CEO : Europe must change austerity policies Since then , two of those countries , Latvia and Cyprus , have needed financial aid from the EU and International Monetary Fund , while Slovenia is restructuring its ailing banking system to avoid requesting a bailout . The World Economic Forum global competitiveness index shows that of the 27 nations in the European Union , 12 are more competitive in 2013 than 2012 , while 12 are are less competitive with three unchanged . Read more : Auto industry revs up recovery on Spain But the problems have not prevented more countries lining up to enter the club . Marco Simoni , political economist at the European Institute of the LSE , believes a "  slow decay " of member state economies is the biggest risk to the EU and countries should not assume they are immune from financial collapse as soon as they sign up . "  Europeanization has not gone far enough , " Simoni told CNN . "  It 's not that you 're safe once you 're in , you still have to do your homework , " he added . So who 's up next ? Next month , Croatia , one of the countries to emerge from the wreckage of Yugoslavia in the 1990s , will become the 28 member of the EU after completing the accession process . Read more : Croatia PM : We need Italy to recover But with endemic corruption , and unemployment over 18 % -- behind only Greece and Spain -- and stagnating economic growth , Croatia 's entry has left the EU open to being criticized for not playing by its own rules . Natasha Srdoc , Co-Founder and Chairman of the Adriatic Institute for Public Policy , in April wrote an open letter to German Chancellor Angela Merkel strongly recommending that Germany block Croatia 's entry into the EU on the grounds that the country 's economy is not competitive enough due to high corruption and taxes . Srdoc believes as soon as Croatia , or any of the states in the Western Balkans seeking membership , enters the EU , young people will flock abroad in search of work . "  The enlargement programme is flawed , " Srdoc told CNN . "  Croatia will be the next Greece unless rule of law , an independent judiciary and property rights are imposed ... all these measures are needed if we are to have a competitive economy . " Read more : Euro confidence map Croatia is ranked 62nd in Transparency International 's Corruption Perceptions Index for 2012 , beating debt-stricken Italy and Greece as well as relative newcomers Romania and Bulgaria . Europe 's victims of financial crisis Since the outbreak of the crisis in 2010 , countries such as Spain , Portugal , Greece and Ireland have dominated the headlines as nation-states were bailed out , governments rescued banks and unemployment hit record highs . Read more : Finnish PM : Eurozone nations must follow the rules Now , after three years of slimming budgets and raising taxes , lawmakers and central bankers are in the midst of a policy rethink , pursuing pro-growth agendas to improve economic competitiveness rather than stern austerity measures . Some economists have suggested that heavily indebted countries such as Greece should quit the euro altogether . But during the debate Lufhansa boss Christoph Franz told CNN : "  I do n't believe that is a path we should even consider , because we are now all in this together . There is no choice . " An exit from the 17-nation single currency would hand back key monetary policy powers -- such as setting interest rates and currency devaluation -- to respective national central banks . Deutsche Post DHL 's Appel , who heads up the world 's leading mail and logistics group , pointed to the Germany model as an example to all European countries on how to boost competitiveness . Since Germany 's reunification , following the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1990 , the country has gone on to become the region 's economic powerhouse . Appel said time is the "  silver bullet " to enhance a country 's competitiveness . He told CNN : "  It took 20 years to reform the East  Germany  and get it to a level which is almost equal to the West  Germany  , it took a lot of money and it needed a vision that was possible . "	Of 27 EU nations , 12 are more competitive in 2013 than 2012 , while 12 are are less competitive with three unchanged Next month , Croatia , one to emerge from Yugoslavia in the 1990s , will become the 28 member of the EU
CNN  -- Tom Braden , the creator and co-host of CNN 's "  Crossfire , " which pioneered the talk-show format that pitted a conservative against a liberal , died Friday at age 92 . Tom Braden died Friday at age 92 of natural causes at his home in Denver , Colorado . Daughter Susan Braden said he died of natural causes at his home in Denver , Colorado . In 1982 , Braden took "  Crossfire " to CNN from a local station in Washington and served as the program 's host "  from the left " until 1989 . "  Many people believe that Tom created the genre of political talk shows and debate programs that has now been copied and copied and copied , " said Sam Feist , CNN 's political director and senior executive producer of political programming . "  He was a giant of a man and one of the most decent human beings you 'd ever want to meet . CNN was a better place because Tom Braden worked here . " Born in Greene , Iowa , Braden graduated from Dartmouth in spring 1940 , when the Germans overran France . He volunteered to join the British army , said his good friend and conservative sparring partner , Pat Buchanan . After fighting in the African desert , Braden joined the U.S. Office of Strategic Services when the United States joined the fight , then joined the CIA , Buchanan said . Braden tried his hand at politics , running for lieutenant governor of California in 1966 , when he lost in a Democratic primary . He and Bobby Kennedy "  were real buddies , " Buchanan said . Braden decided to become a journalist at the suggestion of the poet Robert Frost , Susan Braden said . In 1975 , he wrote the best-selling book , "  Eight is Enough , " about his eight children , which was made into a television sitcom that starred a crusty political columnist named Tom Bradford . In 1977 , he was co-hosting a Washington radio show called "  Confrontation , " a format that caught on quickly , Buchanan said . "  We took over afternoon drive , " the former GOP presidential candidate said . "  Braden and I would interrogate people , and we 'd go at it 'til all hours . " Their show caught the attention of a local television station and then caught the attention of CNN 's first president , Reese Schonfeld , who hired them to appear late at night on the fledgling cable channel , Buchanan said . "  We 'd go out and have dinner and a few drinks and come back at 10 or 10:30 and start preparing for the 11:30 show , " Buchanan said . "  We 'd have to yell to people to shut up in the newsroom . " Braden played the establishment liberal -- a Rockefeller , Kennedy man , and Buchanan played the Goldwater , Nixon man . "  He was a cantankerous character , " Buchanan said . "  He really did n't like conservatives , especially the new breed . It made for great chemistry and opposition . " But the dislike did n't get personal . "  He would laugh at something that was at his expense if it was a good line . That 's what you need in the show . An appreciation if the other guy scores a good point . " Once , they both found themselves interviewing a man representing the Ku Klux Klan . "  He had on his hat and everything and he was sitting there with his arms folded , " said Buchanan , who introduced the guest to the audience . "  So Tom Braden starts off and says , ` What the hell are you doing in this getup ? ' "  The guy said , ` Your producer told me to wear it . ' It was ratings month . It was like that in the early days . It was wild , crazy stuff . But the ratings were tremendous . " So good that , after six months , the duo 's show was moved up to 7:30 p.m. , a half-hour after they finished their three-hour radio show , he said . "  We 'd get in our cars , race to CNN , put powder on our faces , sit in the chair and start going after somebody , " he said . Braden stuck to his guns , Buchanan said , citing an interview with Cal Thomas , the columnist . "  Cal accused him of writing , I think , for a pornographic magazine , and Braden had n't written for them , but had been interviewed by them . "  Braden says , ` You 're going to apologize to me or I 'm walking off the show . ' And Cal did n't apologize , and Braden walked off his own show . It was a very funny moment . "  I immediately said , ` We 're going to have to go to break here . ' " After the break , Braden returned . "  Fortunately , it was taped , " Buchanan said . "  It was the most important part of his life , " Susan Braden said of her father 's years at CNN . "  It was his life , it was what he did . He was a part of something , the beginning of something . " She said that , despite their philosophical differences , "  he and Pat Buchanan actually liked each other . " Braden left the show in 1989 . "  I think he left because CNN thought it was time for a change and to bring in a newer , younger adversary , " Buchanan said . "  The truth is , I opposed Tom 's leaving at the time . " Funeral arrangements had not been made Friday , but Braden is to be buried in Dubuque , Iowa , Susan Braden said .	Tom Braden was the creator and co-host of CNN 's "  Crossfire " Braden died Friday at age 92 in his Denver , Colorado , home of natural causes His show was first talk show to have conservative face off against a liberal
CNN  -- On December 15 , 2001 , Pakistani border troops came across some 30 al Qaeda fighters in a mountain pass . They had fled the U.S. bombardment of Tora Bora , Osama bin Laden 's last stronghold in Afghanistan . The group turned out to be members of the al Qaeda leader 's security detail , and U.S. intelligence swiftly dubbed them the "  Dirty Thirty . " They were transferred to U.S. custody in Kandahar and then moved to the Guantanamo Bay detention camp in Cuba early in 2002 . It soon transpired most of the "  Dirty Thirty " were from Yemen , a country where al Qaeda has an even greater presence today than it did before 9/11 . Analysis of many profiles of Guantanamo detainees suggest that becoming a member of al Qaeda in Yemen in the late 1990s was relatively easy , which may explain why  after Afghans and Saudis  Yemenis comprised the third largest group held there . The documents , compiled by the U.S. Joint Task Force at Guantanamo Bay , show that : -- A network of al Qaeda recruiters was able to operate in Yemen with virtual impunity . -- Salafist religious institutes in Yemen influenced many to take up jihad and join bin Laden . -- Many of the recruits had little education and few opportunities . The documents were obtained by WikiLeaks and published this week . Several religious institutes in Yemen were fertile al Qaeda recruiting grounds , according to the documents . They included Al Khair Mosque in Sanaa , the Dammaj Institute in Sadah and the al Furqan Institute . The founder of the Dammaj Institute , Sheikh Muqbil bin Hadi al-Wadi , is described in the documents as "  one of the most influential Yemeni Islamic leaders who preached and financed jihad . "  He was also an influence on bin Laden 's thinking , but consistently opposed violence against other Muslims . From the Dammaj Institute , recruits were taken to a training camp in Yemen where they would learn assassination techniques and bomb-making . Rarely did the Yemeni authorities interfere . In fact , the documents suggest Yemeni officials could be bribed to provide medical releases and alter travel documents . Recruiters also had money to assist with airline tickets . Al Qaeda expands presence in Yemen One of the recruiters was Sharqawi Abdu Ali al-Hajj , a Yemeni who "  had access to the identities of many al Qaeda-related travelers and plausible knowledge of the detainees ' travel times and locations , " according to the documents . Al-Wadi , who died in 2001 , and other radical imams in Yemen also provided money to several of the jihadists who would end up among the "  Dirty Thirty . " Many of the young Yemenis who ended up in bin Laden 's security detail were capable fighters but poorly educated . Mohammad al-Ansi failed 11th grade three times and worked as a bus driver before turning to jihad . Another detainee never made it past seventh grade , while Mahmud al-Mujahid finally got his high school diploma at 22 . Several had odd jobs and felt unable to support their families . Frequently , recruitment into al Qaeda was a family affair . Among those captured in that freezing mountain pass in Pakistan was a 21-year-old by the name of Uthman al-Rahim . His brother was also an al Qaeda fighter and he allegedly had ties to several al Qaeda members responsible for the attack on the USS Cole in 1998 . Mahmud al-Mujahidand and his brother were both bodyguards to bin Laden . 2010 : USS Cole crew praised at memorial The Yemeni recruits were given similar basic training before being deployed to the front near Kabul to fight against the Northern Alliance as members of al Qaeda 's elite 55th Arab Brigade . They later became bin Laden 's bodyguards , according to the profiles . The documents say several of the "  Dirty Thirty " also took part in a close combat course that bin Laden used to select militants for special operations . Some of the Yemenis were fast-tracked for advanced training . Mohammed al Ansi would later train for an aborted al Qaeda operation in southeast Asia to hijack airliners and crash them into U.S. military bases in the region . Bin Laden planned to use Yemenis in the operation because they could easily travel to the region , according to another detainee . Others ran training camps or safe houses . Hamza al-Qaiti was one ; he was at large until 2008 , when he was killed in Yemen . The Guantanamo documents might be solely of historical interest were it not for Yemen 's chronic instability today , and the growing presence of al Qaeda in the Arabian peninsula in the provinces of Shabwa , Abyan and Hadramut . Even though Yemeni security forces have stepped up operations against al Qaeda in the last year , U.S. officials describe al Qaeda in the Arabian peninsula as the most effective operational arm of the group . John Brennan , assistant to the president for homeland security and counterterrorism , said in December the group was "  increasingly active " in reaching out to find terrorist recruits , even in the United States , and was "  the most operationally active node of the al Qaeda network . " It was in Yemen that the alleged Detroit "  underwear " bomber was recruited and trained in 2009 . Al Qaeda in the Arabian peninsula militants have killed dozens of Yemeni soldiers and police ; earlier this month Islamist militants briefly occupied a town in southern Yemen and raided an ammunition factory . The Guantanamo documents suggest that Yemen remains a recruiting ground for al Qaeda , with one written in 2008 saying Yemeni sheikhs "  continue to recruit Yemeni youth to participate in hostilities against U.S. and coalition forces . " That 's perhaps why today so many Yemenis are left at Guantanamo . The risk of sending them home to a volatile country with a history of jail breaks and a vibrant al Qaeda franchise is too great . Of the 112 Yemenis taken to the detention center over the past nine years , nearly 90 are still there .  The New York Times , which has seen all the Guantanamo documents , reports that 23 have been sent back to Yemen and two died in custody . Few of those left are likely to be leaving anytime soon .	WikiLeaks releases documents on al Qaeda detainees from Yemen Among the detainees are the "  Dirty Thirty , " part of Osama bin Laden 's security detail Documents describe several religious institutes in Yemen as recruiters for al Qaeda
Three more anti-police protesters being sought for allegedly assaulting a pair of New York officers on the Brooklyn Bridge have been arrested , police said Saturday . The assaults occurred one week ago when tens of thousands of demonstrators took to the streets in major cities , including New York , Washington , Boston , San Francisco and Oakland , California . In New York , two police lieutenants were monitoring a large crowd on the Brooklyn Bridge when a man attempted to hurl a garbage can on roadway , police said . The man "  violently resisted " when the officers tried to take him into custody , with other demonstrators punching and kicking the lieutenants . The protesters also tried taking the officers ' police radios and NYPD jackets . The officers were treated for their injuries at a local hospital , police said . The protests started after a New York grand jury declined to indict a police officer in the July death of Eric Garner , who died after the Staten Island officer wrapped his arm around Garner 's neck and wrestled him to the ground . Zachary Campbell , 32 , was arrested Saturday and charged with riot , resisting arrest , obstructing government administration , said police spokeswoman Sophia Mason . Another protester , Maria Garcia , 36 , a Brooklyn resident , was arrested Friday on charges of riot , resisting arrest and obstruction of government administration , according to Mason . Jonathan Oberman , the lawyer for Garcia , told CNN affiliate WABC that Garcia was not on the bridge at the time and that police misidentified her because she is the wife of a suspect . In an email to CNN , Oberman said , " ... our investigation into the allegations , which commenced last night , had enabled us to speak to a number of people who challenged the prosecutor 's claim that the woman pictured in the video -- relied on by the police and prosecutor as the basis of the arrest -- was Ms. Garcia . " A third suspect , Robert Murray , 43 , also of Brooklyn , turned himself in Thursday and was charged with two counts of assault on a police officer , resisting arrest , inciting riot and obstruction of government administration , Mason said . It 's unclear whether Campbell and Murray have lawyers . A fourth suspect , Eric Linsker , 29 , who police said allegedly initiated the incident , was arrested last Saturday on charges of robbery , assaulting a police officer , riot , obstruction of governmental administration , reckless endangerment and unlawful possession of marijuana .	New York police arrests five of six people sought in alleged assault on lieutenants Assaults occurred on the Brooklyn Bridge during nationwide anti-police protests The two police lieutenants were treated for their injuries at a local hospital
CNN  -- The family behind a dramatic flight of a helium balloon that floated free appeared on a reality show that highlighted concerns about the children 's safety . The Heene family appeared on two episodes of ABC 's "  Wife Swap . " Richard and Mayumi Heene and their three sons were featured on the ABC show "  Wife Swap , " in which the mothers of two often opposite families switch places for two weeks . Mayumi Heene traded places with Karen Martel , whose husband runs a child-proofing business intended to keep children safe , according to a recap posted on Reality TV Magazine . In listing information on the Heene family , ABC 's "  Wife Swap " Web site described them this way : "  When the Heene family are n't chasing storms , they devote their time to scientific experiments that include looking for extraterrestrials and building a research-gathering flying saucer to send into the eye of the storm . " The description of the episode from ABC that appears on the Web site said " -LSB- Martel -RSB- is shocked as the Heene kids jump off banisters and run wild , and appalled by Richard 's attitude to women . " "  Meanwhile at the Martels ' , Mayumi Heene sees safety gates everywhere and wonders how the family have fun . She asks the kids about their anxieties and confronts Jay about the climate of fear in his house . " The Heenes reportedly allowed their children to accompany them as they tracked Hurricane Gustav . A YouTube video of the family appearing on Denver , Colorado 's KMGH local newscast features two of the Heene sons briefly discussing chasing the Hurricane . "  What my kids learn from these storms and what they walk away with is the fact that these storms can be very deadly , " Richard Heene told the KMGH reporter . According to the newscast , the family track 30 to 40 weather activities a year . The family was invited back by ABC to appear on the 100th episode of "  Wife Swap , " where Mayumi Heene switched places with Sheree Silver , a psychic . A Los Angeles Times story documented the show by saying "  The Heene family , with its three rowdy boys , is anchored by father Richard , whose anger arrives in sudden bolts between his fringe science projects . " "  The Silvers , who have two quirky , artistically inclined sons , revolve around the mother , Sheree , who is a psychic and who initially fails to impress Richard . ` Sheree 's like a clogged drain , OK ? Things are n't happening , ' he barks . ` I 'll bet you the heaviest thing she lifts is the fork to her mouth . ' " Mayumi Heene reportedly found it difficult on the show to adjust to Silver 's household . "  It 's their spouses who struggle most , " the Los Angeles Times story said . "  Richard 's wife , Mayumi , finding Sheree 's ` househusband , ' Sam Castiglia , to be ' a very feminine husband ' and finds it tough to even tolerate the quirks of the Silver children , who are so unlike her own , seeming less like a parent than a conspirator against the alien family . So much for learning . " A balloon that was set adrift from the Heenes ' Fort Collins , Colorado , home was empty when it landed , and authorities later found one of the Heene sons -- who initially had been thought to be in the balloon -- safe on the ground . Officials said he had been hiding in the attic of the family 's garage . What appears to be the three Heene boys are featured in a YouTube rap music video that seems to spoof overprotective parents .	The Heene family of Fort Collins , Colorado , appeared on "  Wife Swap " twice One episode had mother trading places with wife of child-proofing business owner That mother reportedly "  shocked " by the Heene kids ' behavior Heene family chases storms together
CNN  At least 3.7 million people , including world leaders , marched in anti-terrorism rallies in Paris and elsewhere in France on Sunday , French officials said , calling the massive gathering in the nation 's capital the largest in France 's history . The day was emotional and peaceful , a gesture of unity just days after Islamic extremists slaughtered 17 people . World leaders joined French President Francois Hollande , including British Prime Minister David Cameron , German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy . The day also brought together an unlikely duo at the rally : Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . A photographer captured Merkel leaning her head gently on Hollande 's shoulder . The rally began with a march through Paris streets at 3 p.m. , but a massive group of people stayed into the night . Among them was Dalil Boubakeur , the rector of the Great Mosque of Paris and president of the French Council of the Muslim Faith . One man in the crowd said the French people must not "  give in to fear . " Terrorists , he said , "  will not win . " Others carried signs that echoed the now-famous phrase that honored slain journalists at the magazine Charlie Hebdo , "  Je suis Charlie . " Zineb El Rhazoui , a journalist at the magazine , talked about the magazine 's financial struggles and the difficulty of working under constant threats : "  I am very happy for all this help , but for us , it was a heavy price to pay , and it is too much . "  It took 12 deaths for us to finally be a little bit understood after we have been hated and booed by everybody . " For the guards and police officers who lost their lives in last week 's attacks in France , there were signs reading "  We are all cops . " For Muslims in France who want to convey that the ideology embraced by the Muslim gunmen does not represent the whole of the faith , signs read "  We are all Muslims . " For everyone , no matter their race , class or ethnic background , signs that said "  We are all French " were held up with pride . Sunday brought the end to a traumatic week in France . Brothers Cherif and Said Kouachi , the Charlie Hebdo gunmen , were killed Friday after one of two violent standoffs . Twelve people were slain at the satirical magazine offices on Wednesday . In the other standoff , Amedy Coulibaly , suspected in the shooting death of a police officer , was killed by security forces Friday after he shot and killed four hostages during a siege at a kosher market . French law enforcement officers were told to remove their social media presence and carry their weapons at all times , because terror sleeper cells had been activated over the past 24 hours in the country , a French police source who attended a briefing Saturday told CNN terror analyst Samuel Laurent . Coulibaly had made several phone calls about targeting police officers in France , according to the source . A video that appears to show Coulibaly pledging allegiance to terror group ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is being shared on Jihadist websites . Brian Hale , the spokesman for the U.S. director of national intelligence , told CNN on Sunday that the U.S. intelligence community is "  aware of the video and is reviewing it to determine its authenticity . " Threats against people outside of France , particularly against journalists , persisted Sunday . The offices of Belgian newspaper Le Soir were evacuated Sunday after members of the newsroom received an anonymous phone call of a bomb threat , the newspaper reported . Police locked down the street where paper operates . And officials in the New York City Police Department responded to a threat from ISIS after someone re-released a September 2014 message that tells followers to "  rise up and kill intelligence officers , police officers , soldiers , and civilians , " specifically naming the United States , France , Australia and Canada as targets . NYPD employees were told to "  remain alert and consider tactics at all times while on patrol , " especially in light of the attacks in France last week , in an internal memo . The Federal Bureau of Investigation and the U.S. Department of Homeland Security issued a similar bulletin to law enforcement . Both notices make clear that the threat is consistent with previous threats ISIS and others , including al Qaeda , have made . As investigators worked leads , a sea of demonstrators in Paris broke into song , held hands , cheered and passionately denounced violence . An imam and a number of Muslims were in the crowd . A young Muslim French woman held a sign that said , "  I am a Jew . " She told CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen that she was horrified to hear of the killings , and the killers do not live according to the Islamic principles she 's been taught . "  Our religion is the religion of love . ... Our religion loves Jews ... loves Christians . We are not terrorists , " one Muslim man said , his voice rising . He lifted his arm and gestured to many people around him who came to denounce violence : "  We are all Muslim ! " French officials announced "  exceptional measures " to protect the throngs gathered near the Place de la Republique in central Paris , and a who 's who of foreign leaders at the rally -- a test of the security forces of a nation rocked by days of terrorist violence . After the rally , Hollande arrived to huge applause and a cheering crowd at the Synagogue de la Victoire to show support for France 's Jews . He was joined by Netanyahu . The targeting of the kosher grocery store shook the nation 's Jewish communities . Amid heightened security concerns , the synagogue was closed Saturday for the first time since World War II . On Sunday , "  Jerusalem of Gold " -- a popular song by Naomi Shemer that became an anthem during the Six-Day War in 1967 -- played in the place of worship . It was just one of several gestures of solidarity Sunday among some of the world 's most influential leaders . Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov , Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu , Jordan 's King Abdullah II and Queen Rania were at the rally . Several people in the crowd and on social media wondered why U.S. President Barack Obama was not there ; he was at the White House on Sunday . CNN has asked for an explanation from the State Department and White House of his absence . There has been no response so far . Secretary of State John Kerry was not at the rally either . A senior State Department official told CNN that Kerry had committed a long time ago to be the lead speaker at Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's entrepreneurship and innovation summit in India . The official said that Kerry did not want to cancel that as he continues to work on the United States ' relationship with the nation . Attorney General Eric Holder was not at the rally but was in Paris this weekend to attend a security summit on combating terrorism . He recorded interviews that aired in the U.S. on Sunday . Ambassador to France Jane Hartley represented the United States at the rally . She tweeted several images of the crowd . Speaking on air with CNN 's Jake Tapper , who was at the rally , "  Global Public Square " host Fareed Zakaria tried to put Obama and other senior leaders ' absence in context . Zakaria called it a mistake . France is the United States ' "  deepest ideological ally , " he said , and it would have been a meaningful image to have a senior administration member , or the President , standing shoulder to shoulder with other leaders . Tapper noted that security has been tenuous . Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve and other officials said 2,300 police officers , as well as paramilitary forces , would be deployed Sunday . The dignitaries and leaders were to be protected by special units . Police snipers , plainclothes and anti-terror officers were deployed , and parking and transit restrictions were in place . The government planned to close large sections of the city to traffic , Cazeneuve said . Zakaria observed that security concerns did n't dissuade Netanyahu or Abbas or other controversial leaders from showing up . The bright side , he said , is that Obama 's absence showed that the struggle against radical Islam is "  not all about America . " "  Many people have tended to think that Islamic terrorism would n't exist without America , " Zakaria said . "  This is really a struggle between the civilized world and a band of extremists . Even if you take the U.S. out of it ... the civilized world is up in arms . " French investigators are still trying to piece connections between three terror suspects killed Friday and their suspected links to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula and other terrorist groups . Security will remain heightened as the investigations continue , officials have said . CNN 's Evan Perez , Lorenzo Ferrigno , Laurie Segall , Pamela Brown , Kristina Sgueglia , Kevin Bohn , Ray Sanchez and Jim Sciutto contributed to this report .	NYPD and other U.S. law enforcement alerted to threat from ISIS Massive crowd at anti-terrorism rally in Paris was the largest in French history , French Mission to U.N. says Many world leaders present , but Obama , Kerry , Holder not at rally to represent U.S.
Tokyo , Japan  CNN  -- A court in northern Japan found two Greenpeace activists guilty Monday for stealing whale meat , but suspended their sentences , Greenpeace Japan said . The Aomori District Court ruled that the activists , Junichi Sato and Toru Suzuki , will only have to serve one-year terms if they commit a crime in the next three years , Greenpeace said . In a press conference after the verdict , Sato said Greenpeace would appeal the case . He said Monday 's sentence was "  unfair " and "  preventing the citizens ' right to know . " Suzuki said in a statement that the sentence was disproportionate and undeserved . IWC 's shame : Japan 's whale slaughter "  We set out to reveal the truth about the government 's whaling program , but instead have been punished , while those behind the misuse of public money walk free , " he said . The case highlights rising tensions between anti-whaling activists and Japanese officials . Japan 's whaling has drawn sharp criticism from environmental advocacy groups , who claim it involves the cruel slaughter of whales so that meat can be sold in markets and restaurants . Japanese officials say their hunts are permitted under rules that prohibit commercial whaling but allow whaling for scientific reasons . Greenpeace has said a tip led Sato and Suzuki to a whaling ship smuggling the whale meat onto the black market . In a press conference , Sato announced that they had found 23 kilograms  50.7 lbs  of whale meat in a box they intercepted . He showed the whale meat in the box , and alleged a systematic , large-scale embezzlement within Japan 's whaling program . Greenpeace delivered the whale meat to the Tokyo prosecutor 's office days later . The police moved , but not on the Greenpeace allegations . "  They dropped the case and we are the ones who got arrested , " Sato said in an interview earlier this year . Sato and Suzuki were arrested in June 2008 and charged with trespassing and theft . They faced up to 10 years behind bars . Regardless of the reason , police said , it was theft because Greenpeace admitted that it intercepted the box . Reaction outside of Japan was swift . Protests were held around the world in support of the men , who came to be known as the "  Tokyo Two . " And a U.N. human rights body declared Japan 's trial of the men a violation of human rights . Joji Morishita of the Japan Fisheries Agency has said the government recognizes the right of protest , but activists will be punished if they break Japan 's laws . But Greenpeace International 's executive director , who traveled to Japan for the ruling , said Monday that the organization was determined to get the activists ' "  unjust " conviction overturned . "  Activists are not criminals , and to treat them as such has a chilling effect in society , undermining the quality of democracy , " Executive Director Kumi Naidoo said in a statement after Monday 's ruling . In July , a Japanese court found Peter Bethune , an environmental activist from New Zealand , guilty on five charges , ranging from assault against whalers to trespassing into a whaling vessel . He was given a two-year suspended prison sentence and five years ' probation Wednesday by a Tokyo district court judge for throwing butyric acid at a whaling ship , jumping aboard and attempting to make a citizen 's arrest of the captain .	NEW : Greenpeace International 's executive director says the ruling is "  unjust " One of the activists says Greenpeace will appeal the ruling The activists will not serve jail time if they do not commit any crimes in the next three years The case highlights tensions between anti-whaling activists and Japanese officials
CNN  -- The cold has cleared the sunbathing crowds from New Jersey 's beaches , yet the freezing temperatures wo n't keep some surfers out of the water . They have grown up with "  ice cream headaches " -- the painful ache when you eat something cold too fast -- they are the surfers from New Jersey . "  I 've had times when icicles form in my hair , " says surfer Andrew Gesler . Even the smallest waves will have the hardcore surfer walking over the snow-covered sand to take advantage of the power of the chilly Atlantic Ocean . For years , professional surfer and cancer survivor Dean Randazzo has been among those in the frigid waters , wearing a full wet suit , hoodie , gloves and booties . "  You just deal with your surroundings , " says Randazzo , "  if you love something so much you just keep doing it . " Randazzo kept surfing year-round and it paid off in 1990 when he started making a living off the ocean . Early in his career at contests around the world , he would often be asked , "  Are there waves in Jersey ? " As filmmaker Alex DePhillipo shows in his newly released surfing documentary "  Dark Fall " , not only is the surf good in New Jersey , but there are a lot of good surfers in the state . The movie credits Randazzo , a New Jersey native , with proving that East Coast surfers are worthy contenders . "  He has absolutely paved the way for any surfer that wants to become a professional from New Jersey , " says DePhillipo . Randazzo now just started his own line of surfboards . Gesler -- the narrator of "  Dark Fall " and a professional surfer -- concurs , "  Randazzo is our big brother , coming from New Jersey you do n't have a lot of people that have made the impression that Dean has . " It was the impression of a surfer and a state that took years for Randazzo to change . The money to be made in surfing comes from sponsors , appearances and editorial photographs . Only a few in the profession make enough money in surf contests to support themselves . Randazzo became a professional surfer in 1990 , yet he still could n't find a sponsor to support him . A sponsor pays the athletes to use or wear their product and they usually pick up the expenses incurred when traveling to contests . Randazzo could n't find a sponsor to believe in him , no one wanted to get behind a surfer from the Garden State "  I had to win money , " recalls Randazzo , "  there were places on the tour when I was n't eating if I did n't win money in that contest , or I did n't have a plane ticket home . " Winning money meant winning contests and in 1996 Randazzo became just one of 44 surfers to qualify for the World Championship Tour . "  Somehow I managed to do that with no sponsorship , " says Randazzo , then dryly adding the word "  barely . " He also managed to put credibility into the New Jersey surf scene . "  Dean has paved the way , " DePhillipo says , "  There 's never been a surfer from New Jersey or the Northeast that 's made the World Tour . " The success Randazzo has enjoyed is no surprise when you learn a bit more about this Jersey boy . Fighting to be respected in the surf scene was nothing compared to the four battles Randazzo fought and won against cancer . It was in 2001 when he was first diagnosed with Hodgkin 's Lymphoma , a cancer of the lymph nodes . "  Everyone has their hometown hero , but in this case Dean 's just like a state hero , " says DePhillipo , "  he 's even motivation for people who are n't from Jersey because of his fights , his battles . " When Randazzo is n't in the water he uses his celebrity status along with the sport he loves to raise money for the Dan Randazzo Cancer Foundation . Currently residing in California , Randazzo frequently returns to New Jersey . Not forgetting where he came from , the foundation sponsors an annual event called "  Surf for a Cause " in his hometown of Margate . "  It 's just one of those events that everybody wants to support even if they 're not surfing , they want to support Dean , " says Stacey Marchel , a Jersey surfer and the owner of Stacey 's Surf Camp . As the film "  Dark Fall " points out , it is because of Randazzo that being a surfer from New Jersey is no longer , as he puts it , "  like trying to be a professional snowboarder and growing up in Miami Beach . " Florida does n't have snow but as captured in this new surf film , New Jersey definitely has waves . The state also experiences winter and that freezing season is what separates the surfing fraud from the fanatic . But as Randazzo or actually any Jersey surfer will tell you , the passion does n't waiver with the weather .	Dean Randazzo surfed year around off the New Jersey shore until he went pro There were times on pro-tour when he says "  I was n't eating if I did n't win money " Randazzo also fought and won four battles against cancer Surfing documentary "  Dark Fall " shows freezing weather does n't keep surfers off the water
CNN  -- The outrage came hard and fast after a 3-year-old girl badly scarred and wearing an eye patch because of a pit bull attack was apparently asked to leave a KFC restaurant because her appearance upset other customers . After social media users opened fire on the restaurant , calling for a boycott , the apology from the chain came quickly too . The company said it will donate $ 30,000 to assist with the girl 's medical bills . "  The entire KFC family is behind Victoria , " company spokesman Rick Maynard said . ` Her face is disrupting our customers ' Victoria Wilcher was mauled by three pit bulls a few months ago , causing her to need regular medical treatment . After a doctor 's visit last week , grandmother Kelly Mullins took the child to a KFC in Jackson , Mississippi . "  I ordered a large sweet tea and her some mashed potatoes and gravy because she was hungry , " Mullins told CNN affiliate WAPT . "  She was on a feeding tube at the time , but I figured she could just swallow  the potatoes  . They just told us , they said , ` We have to ask you to leave because her face is disrupting our customers . '  Victoria  understood exactly what they said . " Victoria cried all the way home , Mullins said . "  She 's got a lot of surgeries to go through and she wo n't even look in the mirror anymore , " Mullins told WAPT . "  When we go to a store , she does n't even want to get out  of the car  . She 's 3 years old and she 's embarrassed about what she looks like . She 's embarrassed and I hate it because she should n't be . It ai n't her fault . " Anger online Victoria 's family recounted the incident in a Facebook page set up to raise money for her medical expenses . "  Does this face look scary to you ? " the family posted on the Victoria 's Victories Facebook page . "  I personally will never step foot in another KFC again and will be personally writing the CEO . " The anger spread . "  As soon as we were notified of this report Friday , we immediately began an investigation , as this kind of hurtful and disrespectful action would not be tolerated by KFC , " the company said . "  Regardless of the outcome of our investigation , we have apologized to Victoria 's family and are committed to assisting them . " A horrible attack Authorities said Victoria was attacked in April while visiting her grandfather , from whom Kelly Mullins is divorced . One of the dogs ripped open the front door and two other dogs dragged her into the backyard , WAPT reported . The dogs bit the girl all over , but especially on the face . She has severe facial scars and lost sight in her right eye and the ability to move the right side of her face , Mullins told WAPT . She wears an eye patch with a cartoon character on it . The three dogs that attacked Victoria were killed . The grandfather , Donald Mullins , and his girlfriend were arrested on child endangerment charges , WAPT reported . Meanwhile , the Facebook page got lots of attention , with almost 49,000 "  likes " by early Monday morning .	Victoria Wilcher was attacked by three pit bulls in April Last week her grandmother took her to a KFC in Jackson , Mississippi A restaurant employee said the girl 's scars scared other customers , the grandmother said KFC is investigating and will donate $ 30,000 to Victoria 's treatment
CNN  -- Woody Allen 's lawsuit against American Apparel for unauthorized use of his image on billboards ended Monday with a $ 5 million settlement to be paid to the actor-director by the clothing company . Woody Allen received $ 5 million to settle a suit with American Apparel . Allen said the case should discourage advertisers from using celebrities ' images without permission , but American Apparel 's head said he still thinks his company had a good defense . The settlement , announced just moments before jury selection was to begin in New York , interrupted a trial that lawyers had hinted could include a parade of witnesses testifying about Allen 's sex scandals . "  Threats and press leaks by American Apparel designed to smear me did not work , and a scheme to call a long list of witnesses who had nothing to do with the case was disallowed by the court , " Allen said . "  I hope this very large settlement will discourage American Apparel and others from doing this type of thing to myself or others in the future . " Dov Charney , founder and CEO of American Apparel , issued a statement published by London 's Guardian newspaper saying lawyers for his insurance company -- which will pay the money to Allen -- made the decision to settle the case . "  For the record , I personally think we had a good case , " Charney said . Allen filed his suit , asking for $ 10 million , against American Apparel in March 2008 after the company placed several billboards and online ads using an image of Allen dressed as a Hasidic Jew in his 1977 movie "  Annie Hall . " "  I sued American Apparel because they calculatingly took my name , my likeness and image and used them publicly to promote their business , " Allen said Monday . "  Testimony revealed that American Apparel believed that fear of publicity would keep me from ever taking action , and so they put my face on billboards , on the Internet , and my image on their building , " he said . Charney , who said he finally could talk about the case , said the ad was a "  an attempt to at least make a joke about " sexual harassment lawsuits filed against him and his company in recent years . "  Today , two years later , all the claims in the lawsuits have been completely disproven and yet at the time , some writers characterized me as a rapist and abuser of women , others asserted that I was a bad Jew , and some even stated that I was not fit to run my company . " Charney said it was "  ironic that I have to explain this to Woody Allen when he has expressed similar frustrations in the past . " American Apparel lawyers wanted to call as witnesses Allen 's former companion Mia Farrow and Soon-Yi Previn , Farrow 's adopted daughter and Allen 's wife . Allen 's relationship with -- and eventual marriage to -- Previn was scandal material for tabloids beginning in 1992 , when she was 21 . Allen said the company 's lawyers may have been persuaded to settle because the judge made it "  clear that the court considered their phony First Amendment ranting and claims of parody , sheer nonsense . "	Woody Allen 's image was used by American Apparel without his authorization Allen sued ; insurance company made decision to settle , CEO says American Apparel had used image of Allen from "  Annie Hall " to promote products
CNN  -- Current TV 's co-founders , including former Vice President Al Gore , announced Friday that the network has ousted its highest-profile on-air personality , Keith Olbermann . "  Current was ... founded on the values of respect , openness , collegiality and loyalty to our viewers , " Gore and Joel Hyatt wrote in an "  open letter " to viewers on the network 's website . "  Unfortunately these values are no longer reflected in our relationship with Keith Olbermann , and we have ended it . " Olbermann responded sharply in a series of Twitter messages Friday , saying that for more than a year he has been "  imploring " Gore and Hyatt "  to resolve our issues internally . " He did not specify what those issues were . "  Nevertheless , Mr. Gore and Mr. Hyatt , instead of abiding by their promises and obligations and investing in a quality news program , finally thought it was more economical to try to get out of my contract , " the left-wing news personality wrote . "  It goes almost without saying that the claims against me in Current 's statement are untrue and will be proved so in the legal actions I will be filing against them presently , " Olbermann added , vowing later that the "  truth of the ethics " of Gore and Hyatt eventually "  will come out . " Besides its statement , Current TV offered no further comment . This marks the second time in 15 months that Olbermann has abruptly left a news network . In January 2011 , he cut ties with MSNBC after eight years . In that time , the former sports news anchor became a favorite of progressives for challenging rivals at Fox News and elsewhere . But he also faced criticism and publicly aired his frustrations with NBC 's management . The 53-year-old was suspended from MSNBC for two days after the news website Politico revealed that he had made donations to three Democrats . Weeks after leaving MSNBC , Olbermann inked a deal with Current Media , a company founded by Gore and Hyatt . Besides hosting and producing his new prime-time nightly news and commentary show , Olbermann was named Current Media 's chief news officer and had an equity stake in the company . He relaunched his signature "  Countdown " show last June , showcasing a host of liberal-leaning guests and the return of his "  Special Comment " segment . In his Twitter statement Friday , Olbermann said that his decision to join Current was "  sincere and well intentioned ... on my part , but in retrospect a foolish one . " "  That lack of judgment is mine and mine alone , and I apologize again for it , " he wrote . His immediate replacement in the network 's 8 p.m. slot will be former New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer , Gore and Hyatt announced . Spitzer hosted a prime-time CNN show from September 2010 until last July , when "  In the Arena " was canceled as part of an evening lineup shuffle . He had resigned as New York 's governor in 2008 after it was revealed that he visited a high-priced prostitute . He joins a network -- whose current president , David Bohrman , was CNN 's former Washington bureau chief -- that is available via cable or satellite TV in 60 million U.S. households and in an additional 11 million internationally , according to Current 's website . The network notes that it has won two Emmys , a Peabody award and various other honors .	NEW : Keith Olbermann says he was "  foolish " to join Current in the first place The left-wing news personality hits Current TV 's founders and promises legal action Current 's "  values " were "  no longer reflected " in its tie with Olbermann , its founders say Eliot Spitzer is launching a new show in Olbermann 's 8 p.m. slot
CNN  You 're late for your flight , sweaty from having dragged your luggage to the check-in counter , and stressed about making it through security before boarding begins . For some of us , this is the rule , not the exception . For most of us , it 's a pretty unremarkable scenario . Not so fast , says the Transportation Security Administration . Typical airport behavior like this could make you a suspicious traveler who should be subjected to questioning and additional screening -- and possibly referred to the police for investigation , detention or arrest . That should seem far-fetched , but it is n't . The TSA continues to use pseudo-scientific "  behavior detection " techniques that have given rise to persistent allegations of racial and ethnic profiling at our nation 's airports . Through a program called Screening Passengers by Observation Techniques , or SPOT , the TSA employs thousands of "  behavior detection officers " who scrutinize travelers to look for signs of "  mal-intent " in airport screening areas . The officers typically spend less than 30 seconds scanning an average passenger for over 90 behaviors the TSA associates with stress , fear or deception . When the officers perceive clusters of such behaviors in any given individual , they refer that person for secondary inspection and questioning . The SPOT program relies on theories about "  micro-expressions , " involuntary facial expressions that supposedly appear for milliseconds despite one 's efforts to conceal them . Behavior detection officers look for such micro-expressions while scanning passengers ' faces or engaging in casual conversation with them . It 's as nutty as it sounds . Setting aside that the officers ' perception of these behaviors is inherently subjective , there 's just no evidence that deception or "  mal-intent " can reliably be detected through observation , especially in an unstructured setting like an airport screening area . The fact that many people find such settings inherently stressful only compounds the problem . If TSA 's behavior detection officers look for stress in a stressful environment , they 're going to find it , along with plenty of false positives . Just about everyone outside the TSA who has reviewed the SPOT program has decided that it 's unscientific and a waste of money . An exhaustive review by the Government Accountability Office found the SPOT program lacked a scientific basis , that the behavioral indicators it relied on were subjective , and that the TSA had no effective means to test its effectiveness . In no uncertain terms , the GAO recommended that Congress curtail funding for the program . An independent scientific advisory group that reviewed the SPOT program also concluded that "  no scientific evidence exists to support the detection or inference of future behavior , including intent . " And during a congressional hearing on the program , Republican Rep. Richard Hudson of North Carolina observed , "  To my knowledge , there has not been a single instance where a behavior detection officer has referred someone to a law enforcement officer and that individual turned out to be a terrorist . " Rep. Michael McCaul of Texas , the Republican chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , stated , "  I am concerned that TSA will continue to spin its wheels with this program instead of developing a more effective and efficient approach . " Despite this withering criticism , SPOT remains in place and has cost taxpayers well over $ 1 billion  that 's with a b  since its inception in 2007 . Repeat : over a billion dollars on a misguided program that does n't work . Equally troubling is that SPOT has given rise to persistent allegations of racial and ethnic profiling -- an unfortunately inevitable result when law enforcement or border agents single people out based on hasty , gut-level judgments about them . Allegations of profiling by behavior detection officers have come not only from travelers , but also from numerous other officers . Over 30 behavior detection officers at Boston Logan International Airport said that profiling was rampant there . One of the officers told reporters , "  They just pull aside anyone who they do n't like the way they look -- if they are black and have expensive clothes or jewelry , or if they are Hispanic . " Another officer submitted an anonymous complaint saying , "  The behavior detection program is no longer a behavior-based program , but it is a racial profiling program . " The TSA has not revealed what , if any , steps it has taken to ensure that unlawful profiling does not occur in airport screening . Nor has TSA explained why -- despite overwhelming evidence to the contrary -- SPOT contributes meaningfully to aviation security . That 's why the ACLU submitted an FOIA request to TSA seeking information on its use of behavior detection . We 've received no response , so we 're taking the TSA to court to get the information the public needs to fully evaluate it . People expect that when they travel , they will be screened for weapons or explosives that could bring down an airplane . They do n't expect -- nor should they -- that officers will make probing judgments about their intentions based on little more than their facial expressions , or that they will be stopped , questioned and perhaps even searched because of their race or ethnicity . It 's time for TSA to explain and justify the SPOT program . Or better yet , listen to those who say it 's a waste of money and scrap it entirely .	TSA 's SPOT program screens passengers for "  micro-expressions " to determine if a person is suspicious Hugh Handeyside : SPOT program is unscientific , has wasted over $ 1 billion of taxpayer money and should be terminated
CNN  -- Republican Joni Ernst has won the race for Iowa 's U.S. Senate seat held by retiring Democratic Sen. Tom Harkin , defeating Democratic challenger Bruce Braley , according to a CNN projection . The win in the Hawkeye State , which voted for President Barack Obama twice , joins a list of Republican pickups that have swept the party into the Senate majority . National Democrats were initially confident they would hold the seat but Ernst surprised them with a determined and effective campaign . The importance of the seat was evident by the millions of dollars outside groups poured into advertising , making it one of the most expensive races of the cycle . The polls were neck and neck through much of the campaign with Ernst appearing to get a small lead over Braley recently . Ernst was a little-known Iowa state senator when she burst on the national political scene during the GOP primary , declaring in a TV ad that if elected she would cut pork spending in Washington the way she castrated pigs growing up on an Iowa farm . Conservatives were thrilled . "  Washington is full of big spending , " she said smiling into the camera . "  Let 's make 'em squeal . " The ad set the tone for Ernst 's energetic and appealing campaign . It helped her get past some voters ' concerns that as a tea party favorite she was too conservative to take the seat held for five terms by progressive Democratic stalwart Sen. Tom Harkin . The popular Harkin campaigned for Braley but could n't make up for several gaffes and missteps the four-term lawmaker made during the campaign that surprised and disappointed his supporters in Iowa and Washington . At one point , he appeared to belittle both Iowa farmers and the state 's senior senator , Republican Chuck Grassley . He described Grassley , who is in line to chair the Judiciary Committee if the GOP takes over the Senate , "  as a farmer from Iowa who never went to law school . " Braley was also criticized when it was revealed his family had filed a complaint against a neighbor whose chickens were crossing onto his property . Ernst raised the issue at a recent debate . "  You elect to sue a neighbor over chickens that came onto your property . You 're talking about bipartisanship , how do we expect , as Iowans , that you will work across the aisle when you ca n't walk across your yard ? " she said . At the same debate , Braley argued Ernst would side with the far right wing of the GOP Congress . "  I 'm a bridge builder not a bridge burner , " Braley said . "  Sen. Ernst would have voted to shut down the federal government . She 's called President Obama a dictator and thinks impeachment should be on the table "	Republican Joni Ernst defeated Democrat Bruce Braley in Iowa 's Senate race The win gives Republicans another win in a state President Obama carried in 2012 Ernst takes the seat being vacated by retiring Democratic Sen. Tom Harkin
CNN  -- Egyptian police arrested former Prime Minister Hisham Qandil in an apartment in Giza governorate , according to state-run news agency EGYNews . Qandil had been sentenced by a court to one year in prison for contempt . It said he failed to carry out a ruling to nationalize a private company while he served under now-deposed President Mohamed Morsy . Qandil was a little-known water minister who became the nation 's youngest prime minister when Morsy picked him for the position in July 2012 . Morsy , backed by the Muslim Brotherhood and the nation 's first democratically elected president , was forced out of office in July , 2013 , with detractors saying he was a tyrant trying to impose conservative values . Morsy is in custody , facing charges of incitement to murder in connection with protests against his rule last December . He has refused to recognize the court . The interim Egyptian government has cracked down on the Muslim Brotherhood , and in September a court ruled the group 's activities are illegal . The military and police have detained large numbers of Brotherhood officials and supporters since the Morsy 's ouster . Several hundred people have died in clashes between pro-Morsy demonstrators and security forces since the military removed him .	State media : Qandil was arrested at an apartment and will serve one year in prison He was a water minister until then-President Morsy picked him to be PM Since Morsy 's ouster , military and police have cracked down on the Muslim Brotherhood
Beijing , China   CNN  -- The mood at the 120th anniversary of Chairman Mao Zedong 's birthday is relatively muted , by Chinese standards . No spectacular fireworks , no big parades , as would have been expected during Mao 's three-decade rule . But the Chinese remembered Mao properly . In Beijing , a big crowd solemnly gathered in the marble and granite mausoleum containing Mao 's embalmed body . Chinese president and Communist party chief Xi Jinping attended the 9 a.m. ceremony along with China 's top leaders . More elaborate rituals were conducted in Mao 's hometown of Hunan province . "  There have been big meetings and academic symposiums discussing Chairman Mao 's life and achievements , " said a retired cadre in Hunan , who declined to be identified because he is not authorized to talk to the media . "  In  Mao 's birthplace  Shaoshan , they reopened the just refurbished Chairman Mao museum . Tourists from all over China are also flocking in to visit his birthplace . Chairman Mao 's relatives are also in Shaoshan to take part . " Many Chinese still admire Mao and most of his policies . They are considered "  leftists " or conservatives because they oppose liberal-thinkers and reformists who in China are deemed rightists . Xiong Bao , 25 , believes the celebration is necessary . "  As the founding father , I think he deserves this , but I do n't think it 's necessary to make it too big , " he said . "  Nowadays , the whole nation is calling for thrift , so it 's fine as long as it 's low key . " Even though he was born after Mao 's death , Xiong says he has read Mao 's writings extensively . "  I respect his thought . It was his advanced thoughts that enabled the Chinese to win the revolution , " he said . For decades , Mao had been revered as the infallible "  Great Helmsman " and "  Great Leader . " But Mao 's mystique had been fading since his death in September 1976 at the age of 82 . Over the years , through official pronouncements , books , and media accounts , Mao 's human frailties and mistakes have been pointed out , casting aside the nurtured belief of his infallibility . Many books have been published , in and out of China , criticizing Mao and his policies . Officially , Mao is considered 70 % correct and 30 % wrong . "  He is credited for the Liberation  in 1949  and is blamed for the mistakes of the Great Leap Forward and the Cultural Revolution , " said the retired cadre . Yi Shunhan , 38 , is not impressed with the Mao anniversary . "  I do n't really care about it . It does n't have much impact in my life . I personally think his faults outweigh his achievements , " he said , citing the Cultural Revolution , famine , and lag in technology development as Mao 's personal failures . "  The Great Leap Forward was one of his biggest failures , " he added . "  How many people died of that ? " The Great Leap Forward , launched by Mao in 1958 , was intended to skip several stages in building a new communist China and catch up with Britain 's economy in 15 years . But it led to economic recession , poor harvests and widespread famine in which tens of millions of people died . The Mao-initiated Cultural Revolution swept China from 1966-76 , pushing "  class struggle " to get rid of old institutions and Mao 's political enemies . The political movement careened out of control , led to massive political purges , deaths and destruction . Chinese leaders who took power after Mao have reversed many of his policies . Instead of pursuing "  class struggle , " they are now pushing for modernization , reform and opening up . Mao 's pedestal may have been lowered . His once ubiquitous visage is now relegated as just one of the iconic images on T-shirts and posters , along with those of Che Guevarra , Hello Kitty and the Giant Panda . Still , The Global Times , an official state newspaper , called attempts to negate Mao as "  childish wishful thinking , " citing that Chinese people today still live under the great impact of Mao . Mao 's fading image endures , because it remains a part of the glue that holds the Communist nation together . "  Hunan people still admire and respect Chairman Mao , " said the retired cadre from Mao 's birthplace . Bai Yan , 28 , sees a need to remember Mao . "  It 's an opportunity to learn about him and Chinese history . It 's an opportunity for young people to learn about what took place in China in the past . " CNN 's Feng Ke contributed to this story .	Mao Zedong 's 120th anniversary in China is more muted Chinese have mixed feelings on Mao 's legacy Mao 's mistakes have been publicized through books and pronouncements
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki has disputed reports that accuse Iraq of torturing and abusing people in a secret prison . "  There are no secret prisons in Iraq at all , "  Al-Maliki said in a Monday interview with state-run Al-Iraqiya TV . Allegations of torture and abuse at the prison , named Muthanna , were first reported by The Los Angeles Times April 19 . Amnesty International has urged Iraqi officials to investigate the claims . Human Rights Watch released a report on the issue Tuesday , saying the detainees are routinely beaten , shocked and sodomized by their interrogators . Al-Maliki continued to deny that there was a secret prison and called the reports "  a smear campaign in which embassies and media organizations took part and it was perpetuated by Iraqi politicians because it serves their interests to say that there are secret prisons . " The prime minister said the Muthanna facility was not secret , it was publicly known and had seven judges working there . He said there are a small number of cases of abuse in jails but he said that happens in all parts of the world . Al-Maliki said he knows that some members of parliament visited the facility and directed the inmates to make false accusations about torture and give themselves scars . The report by Human Rights Watch was based on interviews conducted with 42 prisoners who had been held at a secret facility in west Baghdad 's old Muthanna airport since late 2009 . The men were among 300 detainees who were transferred in recent weeks to another detention center after the existence of the Muthanna prison was revealed , Human Rights Watch said . Detainees interviewed by the human rights group this week said that while at the facility , they were handcuffed , blindfolded and hung upside down using two bars , one placed behind their calves and the other against their shins . They said they were then kicked and beaten with heavy cables by their interrogators , who also are said to have placed plastic bags over detainees ' heads to cut off their air supply . Detainees also described multiple incidents of alleged sexual abuse , the group said .	Human rights group releases interviews with 42 men who 'd been kept at secret prison Iraqi prime minister closed prison this month ; group says Iraqi army officers arrested Closure came after Los Angeles Times reported on allegations of torture , abuse Detainees say they were blindfolded , hung upside down , sexually abused
CNN  -- Residents of a Belleville , Illinois , neighborhood were still shaken Monday after a small plane crashed the day before , killing two aboard and destroying a house . "  I think everybody is still in shock , " said Deah Bischoff , who lives near the site of the crash . "  I think we 're all just walking around and looking and trying to absorb what happened . " The single-engine plane crashed about 6:30 p.m. Sunday , according to the Federal Aviation Administration . No one on the ground was hurt , the FAA said . The National Transportation Safety Board had no comment on its investigation into the crash before a news conference Monday afternoon . The wreckage site is adjacent to an airstrip , but the pilot was heading for St. Louis Downtown Airport , about six miles away , according to the FAA . Residents near the airstrip are accustomed to planes in the neighborhood . Many can park their private planes in hangars adjacent to their homes . They 're like garages for cars , except they 're hangars for planes , said Bischoff , who , along with her husband , owns a few antique aircraft . But the familiar sound of a plane overhead this time was menacing . Bischoff said she was eating dinner with her husband and children when she heard a loud screeching . "  It shook our house , and the next thing you knew , there was a large boom , " she said . The plane also hit the house 's hangar , which sheltered two planes , Bischoff said . Explosions erupted , and they watched as flames shot into the air . Bischoff 's husband , Roy , ran out with other neighbors to check on the couple living in the crushed house , she said . The couple was out to dinner , she said . Neighbors saved the three Labrador retrievers inside , Roy Bischoff said . But he wished he could have saved the two people aboard the plane , he said . "  There was almost nothing , there was no recognizable part of an airplane around , " he said . The crash could have been even worse , Deah Bischoff said . Of the houses close by , the neighbor 's home was the only one with no people inside at the time of the crash , she said . CNN 's Khadijah Rentas contributed to this report .	Two aboard single-engine plane died ; no one on the ground was hurt , FAA says FAA : Wreckage site is near airstrip , but pilot was headed to airport about 6 miles away Neighborhood residents can park private planes in hangars adjacent to their homes Residents of house not at home at time of crash ; 3 dogs rescued
CNN  -- A federal district court has dismissed a challenge filed by a Tucson police officer against Arizona 's tough new immigration law . U.S. District Judge Susan Bolton said Tuesday that Tucson officer Martin Escobar lacks the legal standing to sue , according to court documents . Escobar 's lawsuit was one of several against Arizona 's controversial immigration law . The Justice Department mounted a successful challenge to Arizona 's law in July . On the eve of the law going into effect , Bolton granted a preliminary injunction that blocked the most controversial parts of the law . The injunction means police are prevented from questioning people 's immigration status if there is reason to believe they are in the country illegally , which was a hotly debated part of law . Bolton also blocked provisions of the law making it a crime to fail to apply for or carry alien registration papers or "  for an unauthorized alien to solicit , apply for , or perform work , " and a provision "  authorizing the warrantless arrest of a person " if there is reason to believe that person might be subject to deportation . Other parts of the law , however , went into effect . This includes a ban on so-called sanctuary cities and the criminalization of hiring day laborers who are in the country illegally . Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer has appealed the judge 's decision to side with the Justice Department in its challenge of the immigration law . She said she was pleased with the judge 's decision in the case involving the Tucson officer . "  I strongly believe that Arizona will ultimately prevail in all of these legal challenges . My defense of the rule of law will continue , " Brewer said .	Justice Department challenges the law Judge says Tucson officer does not have legal standing to sue Arizona governor says she is pleased by judge 's decision
CNN  -- California voters have just rejected Proposition 19 , the ballot initiative that would have legalized marijuana under state law . Where did Prop 19 go wrong ? Prop 19 failed in part because many proponents emphasized the wrong arguments for legalization . Many advocates promised major benefits to California 's budget because of reduced expenditure on marijuana prohibition and increased revenue from marijuana taxation . Other supporters claimed that Mexican drug violence would fall substantially . Both claims were overblown . The budgetary benefits , while not insignificant , would have been small compared with California 's fiscal mess . Mexican drug violence is mainly associated with the cocaine and methamphetamine trades , as well as from marijuana traffic to other states . Many voters sensed that Prop 19 supporters were overreaching , and this made them suspicious of all the arguments in its favor . Common sense should have recognized that since marijuana was close to legal already , Prop 19 would not have had dramatic effects . Prop 19 failed also because it overreached . One feature attempted to protect the "  rights " of employees who get fired or disciplined for using marijuana , including a provision that employers could only discipline marijuana use that "  actually impairs job performance . " That is a much higher bar than required by current policy . This provision allowed Prop 19 opponents to claim that workplaces would become infested with impaired pot users . That assertion is not well-founded , but that is not the point . Prop 19 did not need to address employee marijuana-testing in the first place . A more effective position for Prop 19 supporters would have been that employee marijuana-testing should be unencumbered by state or federal law . That would allow employers to protect themselves and their employees against perceived risks from marijuana , thereby promoting support for legalization . A final problem with Prop 19 is that it would only have legalized marijuana under state law , since federal law also bans marijuana . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder , moreover , announced just weeks before Tuesday 's election that the administration would enforce the federal law fully even if Prop 19 passed . This legal limbo would have kept the marijuana market underground , limiting tax revenue and continuing the ills of black market . This ambiguity also dimmed support by making state-level legalization feel like an empty gesture . So what is the path to legalizing marijuana in the United States ? First and foremost , advocates must emphasize that in a free society , the burden of proof should be on prohibitionists to justify the interference with liberty that results from outlawing marijuana , a burden the prohibitionists have never met . Any calm assessment of marijuana versus alcohol , for example , shows that alcohol is the substance with the greater potential for harm . Ancillary benefits of legalization are naturally important : by eliminating the black market , legalization promises reduced crime and corruption , fewer infringements on civil liberties , better quality control for marijuana users , along with budgetary benefits . But these considerations are unlikely to convince the majority until more people agree that government should not interfere in the private decision to consume marijuana . Marijuana advocates should also focus on federal law , in addition to or even instead of state law . Legalization proponents have long despaired of affecting change at the federal level and assumed that state-by-state change would someday bring down federal prohibition . That position is understandable , and it has achieved some success , such as the decriminalization of medicalization of marijuana in many states . Yet it 's hard to see the federal apparatus yielding ground without direct elimination of its authorization ; the stakes for those who hold this power are too high . Legalizers can also argue compellingly that no reasonable interpretation of the Constitution justifies federal imposition of a marijuana ban . A final key to legalizing marijuana is to get conservatives , not just liberals , more involved . A number of well-known conservatives have advocated legalization , such as Milton Friedman , George Schultz , and William Buckley , but the general perception is that legalizers are "  stoners , " acting mainly out of self-interest . Yet legalization can appeal to conservatives , especially if the arguments emphasize freedom , personal responsibility , and the Constitution , along with up-front clarity about the goal : legal production and use of marijuana for adults , whatever their motivations . Past liberal efforts , such as medical marijuana , invite charges of hypocrisy and weaken support . Marijuana can and should be legal , Prop 19 's failure notwithstanding . But the strategy for achieving that end must change . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Jeffrey A. Miron .	Jeffrey A. Miron : Prop 19 advocates did n't present right reasons for making pot legal Voters were wary of claims of dramatic positive change if it were legalized , he says Miron advises advocates to argue pot prohibition interferes with individual liberty Another key to legalizing marijuana is to get conservatives involved , he writes
So much blood the theater floor had become slippery . Bodies with horrific injuries . The eerie sound of cell phones ringing , over and over again . This is the scene Aurora police Officer Justin Grizzle said he encountered moments after entering the theater where , according to authorities , 25-year-old James Holmes killed 12 people in a July 20 shooting rampage . Grizzle testified Monday on the opening day of the preliminary hearing for Holmes , who is charged with 166 counts of murder , attempted murder and weapons charges . The 13-year veteran wiped away tears while describing his efforts to rush badly wounded victims to the hospital in his police cruiser , including shooting victim Ashley Moser and her husband , who wanted Grizzle to turn around and head back to the theater . "  He was shot in the head somewhere . He kept asking where his ... daughter was , " Grizzle said . "  He opened the door and tried to jump out . " Grizzle said he had to drive and hold the man by his shoulder to keep him in the car . The girl the man was seeking , 6-year-old Veronica Moser-Sullivan , was shot four times and was among those killed in the shooting at a midnight showing of "  Batman : The Dark Knight Rises . " Veronica 's mother , Ashley , faces a long recovery after being paralyzed in her lower half and miscarrying after the shooting . The scene was still gruesome when Detective Matthew Ingui arrived 12 hours later with other investigators . "  We saw the first victim laying on the ground , " he said "  There 's shoes , blood , body tissue and popcorn on the floor . " Blood was everywhere , he said . Ingui described how he outlined each of the victims and marked where the bodies were found . Holmes had no visible reaction during the testimony . The detective said investigators found 209 live rounds of .223 ammunition and 15 cartridges of .40 - caliber rounds inside the auditorium . The preliminary hearing that began Monday is designed to show a judge that the state has enough evidence to proceed to trial . Prosecutors are calling scores of witnesses and outlining their evidence in the case . The hearing could go on for days . A gag order imposed by the judge in the case has limited the flow of information about the attack . However , a source said Holmes allegedly went out a rear exit door , propped it open and gathered his weapons . He then returned to the theater and tossed a canister inside before opening fire , the source said . Screaming moviegoers scrambled to escape from the gunman , who shot at random as he walked up the theater 's steps , according to witnesses . It was a scene "  straight out of a horror film , " said Chris Ramos , who was inside the theater . While none of the four law enforcement witnesses who testified Monday offered insight into a possible motive for the shooting , some new details emerged . Prosecutors showed surveillance camera video taken inside the theater complex that they said shows Holmes -- dressed in dark trousers , a light-colored shirt with a T-shirt underneath and a ski cap covering his hair -- using a cell phone at a ticket kiosk . Holmes printed out a ticket that had been purchased July 8 , they said . The cameras also captured the aftermath of the shooting as waves of people ran out of doors with theater staff behind counters . One employee even leaped over a counter . There was no video from inside the auditorium where the shootings occurred . Police Sgt. Gerald Jonsgaard said Holmes stopped the theater door from locking by using a small piece of plastic commonly used to hold tablecloths onto a picnic table . Jonsgaard also said he spotted a shotgun and a large drum magazine that appeared to be jammed on the floor of the theater . Holmes ' attorneys are expected to argue that their client has "  diminished capacity , " a term that , according to the Colorado Bar Association , relates to a person 's ability or inability "  to make adequately considered decisions " regarding his or her legal representation because of "  mental impairment or for some other reason . " Several times , on cross-examination , they have asked witnesses about Holmes ' demeanor and what he looked like when police found him . The day 's testimony concluded with a detective who interviewed people wounded in the attack and the two coroners who conducted the 12 autopsies . After the hearing , Arapahoe County District Judge William Sylvester will determine whether there is enough evidence for Holmes to stand trial . Security was tight at the hearing . Spectators had to pass through a metal detector and then were searched again before entering the courtroom . At least nine armed officers stood guard inside , some of them scanning the audience packed with reporters and victims ' family members . Holmes did not speak during the hearing . His bushy hair and long beard contrasted with the bright red hair and close-cropped looks he sported during previous appearances . During portions of the hearing , family members of victims held one another , sobbing . Earlier in Monday 's hearing , police Officer Jason Oviatt -- the first officer to encounter Holmes after the rampage ended -- testified that Holmes seemed "  very , very relaxed . " Holmes , his pupils dilated , sweating and smelly , did n't struggle or even tense his muscles as he was dragged away to be searched . "  He seemed very detached from it all , " Oviatt testified , describing Holmes as unnaturally calm amid the chaos and carnage . Oviatt testified Monday that within minutes of the first calls , he responded to the theater and found Holmes standing outside in a helmet and gas mask , his hands atop a white coupe that turned out to belong to him . At first , Oviatt said , he thought Holmes was a police officer , but as he drew within 20 feet , he realized something was terribly wrong . "  He was just standing there . All the other officers were running around , trying to get into the theater , " Oviatt said . A trail of blood led from the theater . The rifle that authorities believe Holmes used in the attack lay on the ground near the building . Holmes calmly complied with all Oviatt 's orders , the officer testified . Another officer , Aaron Blue , testified later that Holmes matter-of-factly told him , without prompting , about the complex web of explosives that authorities would later find in his Aurora apartment . He told Blue that the devices "  would n't go off unless we set them off . " Holmes was a doctoral student in the neuroscience program at the Anschutz Medical Campus of the University of Colorado , Denver , in Aurora , until he withdrew a month before being arrested outside the bullet-riddled movie theater . He had been a patient of a University of Colorado psychiatrist , according to a court document filed by his lawyers . His only brush with the law in Colorado appears to have been a 2011 summons for speeding from Aurora police . If Holmes is ruled incompetent to stand trial , the hearing could provide the best opportunity for victims and the public to understand what happened and why . To at least one victim , it does n't matter if Holmes stands trial . "  I obviously do n't want him to walk , but as long as he does n't see the light of day again , it does n't really much concern me beyond that , " said Stephen Barton , who suffered wounds on his face , neck and upper torso in the shooting that night . "  To me , I see the trial as being an opportunity to learn more about what happened that night beyond just my own personal recollection . " University releases e-mails related to Holmes	Youngest victim was shot four times , according to coroner Prosecutors say video shows Holmes in theater complex , using a ticket kiosk Suspect James Holmes kept theater door unlocked with piece of plastic , officer says Holmes 's attorneys are expected to present a "  diminished capacity " defense
Washington  CNN  -- There 's a lot to like about Herman Cain . He 's funny and personable . He 's a great American success story . His 9-9-9 tax plan may be half-baked , but the concept behind the plan -- replace the corporate income tax with in effect a consumption tax -- has a lot to recommend it .  Although , the plan has a lot of problems , too .  Finally , in a political cycle that has seen too many coded racial attacks on President Obama and his family , it 's a source of great pride to me to see an African-American topping my party 's polls . If Herman Cain had served as governor of Georgia , or even mayor of Atlanta , he 'd be a valid and credible candidate for president of the United States . But here 's the trouble : he has not held those offices or any other executive office at any level of government . He did serve on the board of the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City in the 1990s , including two years as chairman -- a distinguished position and an important responsibility , but not one that involves the management of a public agency . So what ? So everything ! The president 's most fundamental job is to run the government . That job is very , very hard . The consequences of a mistake are very , very serious . For that reason , Americans have historically demanded a record of successful accomplishment in public office from their presidential candidates . The current president is an exception to the rule , and -- well -- enough said . Barack Obama became president despite a negligible record in large part as a reaction against the perceived failures of the George W. Bush presidency . Many voters in 2008 made a calculation like : "  Obama may never have governed anything . But George W. Bush was a two-term governor of the country 's second biggest state , and he got us into Iraq and a terrible recession . So maybe experience does n't count . Maybe what we need is a different style : somebody more cautious than Bush , somebody who does n't always go with his gut . " You might expect Republicans to react similarly against the Obama presidency , demanding from their nominee skills that Obama lacked : administrative experience , negotiating skill , deep policy knowledge . But no . From Donald Trump to Michele Bachmann to Herman Cain , the Republican activist base has again and again fixed its hopes on people who have never held an executive public office -- and who defiantly reject the very idea of expertise . Meanwhile Mitt Romney -- the man who saved the 2002 Olympics and who inaugurated the nation 's first universal health insurance program as governor of Massachusetts -- ca n't rise above 25 % or so among Republicans . And the seemingly most logical alternative to Romney -- Texas Gov. Rick Perry -- has collapsed in the polls . Perry may not be the sharpest pencil in the pack , but he can at least claim experience in government . The Trump , Bachmann and now Cain boomlets reveal a worrying disinclination among some Republicans not to value government management very highly . These voters assume that if a candidate professes the right values , he or she will make the right decisions . Barry Goldwater gave this disregard its classic expression in his "  Conscience of a Conservative . " "  I have little interest in streamlining government or in making it more efficient , for I mean to reduce its size . I do not undertake to promote welfare , for I propose to extend freedom . My aim is not to pass laws , but to repeal them . " But guess what ? Repealing laws is just as hard as passing laws . A president who wishes to extend freedom must still staff his or her administration with people who can do their jobs . And the more you reduce government 's size , the more important that what remains should work well . Back in 2008 , National Review editor Rich Lowry talked about a Republican "  competence primary . " That year , the Republican field was dominated by candidates who could claim some huge success in government : Romney ; New York 's crime-fighting former Mayor Rudy Giuliani ; and the very effective three-term governor of Arkansas , Mike Huckabee . The race was won by John McCain , the man who had devised and pushed the "  surge " strategy that turned around the Iraq war . This time , apparently , the competence primary has been canceled . Too bad . In the depths of the worst economic crisis since the Depression , competence is needed more than ever . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : Herman Cain is a great American success story He says Cain 's tax plan is off-base but the concept behind it is admirable Frum : Cain 's lack of executive experience in government is a big problem He says that in today 's economic crisis , competence needed more than ever
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- In 2004 , even after being captured by U.S. forces , Saddam Hussein told an FBI interrogator he believed Iran was a greater threat to Iraq than the United States , according to newly released FBI documents . Baghdad 's Al Mutamar newspaper shows Saddam Hussein , right , with Ahmed Chalabi of Iraq 's governing council in 2003 . The FBI interviews took place while Hussein , then identified by the FBI as "  High Value Detainee 1 " was held captive by U.S. military forces at Baghdad International Airport between February and June of 2004 . Hussein regarded the Iranian threat as so serious that it was the major factor in his decision not to allow United Nations weapons inspectors to return , he said . Citing their shared border and his belief Iran would intend to annex southern Iraq , Hussein said he was more concerned about Iran discovering Iraq 's weaknesses than repercussions from the United States and the international community . He believed that the inspectors would have directly identified to the Iranians where to inflict maximum damage to Iraq . Approximately 100 pages of declassified interview summaries , previously classified as secret , were obtained by the National Security Archive at the George Washington University through a Freedom of Information Act request . The FBI declined CNN 's request to interview special agent George L. Piro , the agent who interviewed Hussein . FBI spokesman Paul Bresson declined to comment on the declassified documents . "  As a general rule , the FBI does not discuss FOIA 'd documents . We let the information stand on its own , " Bresson told CNN . Piro , an FBI agent fluent in Arabic , conducted the interviews along with another agent whose name has been redacted from the documents . Although Hussein had been a prisoner for months , at one point during an interview he said , "  I am not the ex-president of Iraq . I am still the president of Iraq . " Hussein also described al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden as a "  zealot " and said he had never met or seen him . He also said the United States used the September 11 attacks as justification to attack Iraq , and that the United States had "  lost sight of the cause . " Despite Piro citing evidence of Iraq 's contacts with al Qaeda , Hussein said , "  The Iraqi government did not cooperate with bin Laden " and that the two "  did not have the same belief or vision . " The former regime 's alleged weapons of mass destruction and alleged ties to al Qaeda were the Bush administration 's primary justifications for invading Iraq in March of 2003 . Piro and Hussein spoke extensively about Iraq 's chemical weapons during the Iran war , the 1990 invasion of Kuwait and in the years before the second U.S. invasion . Hussein refused to answer a question about whether Iraq would have lost the war it fought with Iran from 1980 to 1988 if it had not used chemical weapons . He also said neither he nor any other Iraqi officials discussed using chemical weapons during the first Gulf War . Hussein admitted that Iraq made a mistake by destroying some weapons without U.N. supervision . In his view , the inspectors wanted all of their expenses paid for by Iraq . Instead of waiting for the inspectors and paying the expenses , Iraq began destroying the weapons . "  We destroyed them . We told you , with documents . That 's it , " Hussein said . When asked about restrictions he placed on weapons inspectors regarding which locations they could visit , Hussein responded , "  By God , if I had such weapons , I would have used them in the fight against the United States . " Hussein commented about the mental state of U.S. soldiers occupying Iraq . "  If you asked the American soldier -- who came to Iraq to find weapons of mass destruction , but none could be found , and who came to remove the leaders of the Hussein dictatorship , who are all in jail now , but are replaced with other dictators -- whether he wanted to stay or go , he would say go . " Hussein said he alone gave the orders to fire SCUD missiles at Israel during the first Gulf War , adding , "  Everything that happened to us was because of Israel . " He said he figured that the United States would stop the war if Israel was "  hurt , " and he wanted to punish the country he viewed as the source of all his problems . Hussein recalled a meeting in Switzerland between his foreign minister Tariq Aziz and then-U.S. Secretary of State James Baker in January of 1991 shortly before Operation Desert Storm . According to Hussein , Baker offered no solutions to resolve the Kuwait situation and gave specific steps to Aziz that the United States wanted Iraq to do first , and Baker added "  otherwise , we 'll take you back to the pre-industrial age . " He also told Piro he wanted to have a relationship with the United States but was not given the opportunity because in his view the United States was not listening to anything Iraq had to say . Hussein also revealed details about his security measures and movements before and after the second U.S. invasion of Iraq in March of 2003 . He says he had only used a telephone on two occasions since March of 1990 . He denied ever using body doubles , claiming , "  This is movie magic , not reality . " He also said he never saw his sons use body doubles . "  Do not think I am getting upset when you mention my sons . I still think about them and the fact that they were martyred . They will be examples to everyone throughout the world , " he said . Hussein also states he was not in the Dora neighborhood of Baghdad on March 19 , 2003 , when it was bombed by coalition forces in an unsuccessful attempt to kill him . He says he remained in Baghdad until April 10 or 11 of 2003 , when it appeared the city was about to fall to coalition forces . Before leaving the city , he said he held one final meeting with the senior Iraqi leadership and told them , "  We will struggle in secret . " Shortly after his departure from the capital , Hussein began to gradually disperse his bodyguards , telling them they had completed their duty , so as not to draw attention . Hussein also admitted that after participating in the failed assassination attempt against then-Iraqi president Gen. Abdul Karim Qasim in 1959 , he had stayed at the same farm where he was captured by U.S. forces in December of 2003 . CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	Saddam Hussein calls Iran a factor in keeping U.N. inspectors out of Iraq Hussein described Osama bin Laden as a "  zealot , " said he never met him He said the United States used September 11 attacks as justification to attack Iraq
If you use Google , and I know you do , you may have noticed a little banner popping up at the top of the page announcing : "  We 're changing our privacy policy and terms . " It gives you the choice to "  Learn More " or , another option , the one I 'm betting most people followed , to "  Dismiss . " Who wants to read about what Google plans to do with all that information it has about us ? I , too , clicked "  Dismiss . " That 's because the very idea of considering what Google knows about me can give me heartburn . And if that happens , I may want to Google "  heartburn , " and then I 'll wonder if my insurance company will find out that I was searching "  heartburn , " or , worse , that one day I will apply for a new insurance company and the side effects of having considered what Google knows will result in a denial of coverage . But I digress . When Google announced its new policy , lovingly explaining its reason as "  our desire to create one beautifully simple and intuitive experience across Google , " the authorities in Europe immediately told the Internet leviathan to put off its March 1 start date until European Union officials had a chance to review Google 's new quest for beauty and simplicity . Europeans , it turns out , are much less trusting of invasions of our electronic privacy than Americans are . Americans have an intense aversion to government intrusion . If the FBI wanted to examine Google searches , the left and the right would come together -- the ACLU , Tea Party , liberals and libertarians would raise their fists together to fight for freedom of privacy . The Supreme Court would join in , as it did in the case of GPS surveillance , and conclude the people have a right to privacy , a right against any "  unreasonable search , " as the Constitution says . But in the case of Google 's latest move to consolidate user 's data , however , most Americans paid little attention . MacKinnon : We 're losing control of our digital privacy If Americans -- or people anywhere -- decided to take up Google 's offer to check out its new policy , they would discover something so troubling , so frightening , really , that it would override the national tendency to leave companies alone to make money how they see fit . At least in the case of companies such as Google -- and now Facebook -- which know more about us than even our closest friends . Here 's what Google knows about you , what it stores right there on its servers , waiting for a hacker : Google has every e-mail you ever sent or received on Gmail . It has every search you ever made , the contents of every chat you ever had over Google Talk . It holds a record of every telephone conversation you had using Google Voice , it knows every Google Alert you 've set up . It has your Google Calendar with all content going back as far as you 've used it , including everything you 've done every day since then . It knows your contact list with all the information you may have included about yourself and the people you know . It has your Picasa pictures , your news page configuration , indicating what topics you 're most interested in . And so on . If you ever used Google while logged in to your account to search for a person , a symptom , a medical side effect , a political idea ; if you ever gossiped using one of Google 's services , all of this is on Google 's servers . And thanks to the magic of Google 's algorithms , it is easy to sift through the information because Google search works like a charm . Google can even track searches on your computer when you 're not logged in for up to six months . Facebook has even more interesting stuff : your pictures , your comments , your likes , your friends , your un-friends . Andrew Keen : We must avoid Facebook 's ` creepy ' cult of transparency You 've done it , said it , clicked it , searched it , Googled it . You can never undo it or unclick it . It stays there forever . Unless the people demand that government order a stop to it . The European Commission has a new privacy proposal known as the "  Right to be forgotten . " It would allow Internet users in 27 countries of the European Union to demand Internet companies delete their personal data . Google 's famous motto is "  do no evil . " I wo n't accuse Google of deliberately doing evil . It has done much to improve our lives . It makes no secret of the fact that it seeks to make profits , which it richly deserves . I do believe , however , that it deliberately tries to deceive us when it claims the new privacy policy seeks "  to provide you with as much transparency and choice as possible . " I followed the instructions and with some difficulty eventually downloaded pages upon pages of personal material about myself from Google . What I was looking for was a simple , shall we say beautiful , button telling Google not to save anything I do n't explicitly want it to save . But there was no such button . Google , like Facebook , owns trillions if not quadrillions-plus bits of information . They mine it , use it to sell ads , algorithm it . But my real fear is not Google . My real fear is that computer technology has turned into an arms race between good guys and bad guys . Google may see itself as a jaunty white hat wearer , valiantly protecting all our information . And it may be doing it to the best of its ability . But hackers are hard at work all the time . Google and Facebook are profiting from our private information in ways most of us do n't quite understand or would approve . But hackers may do even worse , as we have already seen in many cases around the world . Hackers have already unlocked and put on the Web reams of credit card information , private documents and all sorts of personal e-mails . Imagine your e-mails and chats on the Web for anyone to read . Online hoarding of our private information is not something we can afford to "  dismiss . " The only effective way to change the ways of these giant corporations -- and the smaller ones following the same practices -- is by pushing the government to make those practices illegal . We can start by following Europe 's example . The obvious , ethical , default setting should affirm that our private information belongs to us and nobody else -- not to Google , not to Facebook . We should call for laws that require them to change their terms of service so users have the option of giving or denying permission to them on holding personal data in storage . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook	Google recently changed its privacy policy to consolidate user 's data Frida Ghitis : if Americans paid more attention , they would be troubled by the new policy Ghitis : Our private information belongs to us and nobody else -- not to Google , not to Facebook She says we should follow Europe 's example and call for changes in law
CNN  -- By now you 've either heard about or read George Will 's controversial column on the issue of sexual assault on college campuses . Will 's take is that the numbers are "  preposterous " and using "  simple arithmetic " he can prove the "  supposed campus epidemic of rape " just ai n't so . Worse , Will believes that progressivism , the Obama administration , a college hook-up culture and shady math are turning survivors of sexual assault into a "  coveted status that confers privilege . " He goes on to claim that efforts to address the issue on campuses is "  making everyone hypersensitive , even delusional , about victimizations . " I 'd no more want to have a conversation with George Will about sexual assault on college campuses than I wish to discuss racism with Donald Sterling . Both men are shockingly out of touch with reality . The fact is , George Will is so wrong . 1 . George Will argues that "  Washington " and "  progressivism " are to blame for creating a "  supposed " epidemic of campus rape . Wrong . Colleges prefer to sweep sexual assault cases under the rug , but students have brought the issue to light . In 2011 , 16 Yale students and alumni filed a Title IX sexual assault complaint against the university . Other similar lawsuits emerged across the nation . As of this moment , there are 55 universities and colleges under investigation by the federal government . When Dartmouth  my alma mater  was confronted with the problem , the university experienced an astounding 14 % drop in college applications . Unlike George Will , the president of Dartmouth College , Philip Hanlon , hit it head on : "  From sexual assaults on campus ... to a culture where dangerous drinking has become the rule and not the exception ... to a general disregard for human dignity as exemplified by hazing , parties with racist and sexist undertones , disgusting and sometimes threatening insults hurled on the Internet ... to a social scene that is too often at odds with the practices of inclusion that students are right to expect on a college campus in 2014 . The actions I have detailed are antithetical to everything that we stand for and hope for our students to be . There is a grave disconnect between our culture in the classroom and the behaviors outside of itâ $ " behaviors which too often seek not to elevate the human spirit , but debase it . " 2 . George Will suggests that women , hook-up culture , alcohol , anything but men , are to blame . He cites an example of a student from Swarthmore College in 2013 and condenses her report into two paragraphs -- as if it 's representative of most sexual assault cases . Is he trying to find a way to blame women ? Women who drink . Women who say no and fall asleep . Are they giving up their right to say no if they pass out or fall asleep ? What about the morality of the man 's actions ? What respectable young man rolls himself on top of a drunk , sleepy corpse of a woman and forces her to have sex , after she had said no ? Take 25 seconds and watch this brilliant PSA on what a guy should do if he finds himself with a woman passed out , asleep on his couch , or in his bed . It 's really simple and there 's no gray area or ambiguity : Good guys respect women . Creeps and criminals take advantage of women . 3 . By addressing the problems , colleges are turning sexual assault victims into a "  coveted status . " Ask any woman who 's been the victim of a sexual assault , unwanted groping , or date rape and you 'll learn there 's nothing to covet . And most definitely it 's not a privilege . Dr. Jen Gunter , who wrote an open letter to George Will , offers a powerful first-hand perspective that will tell you what goes through the mind of a rape survivor . Victims often feel shame , guilt and fear . When they try to report it , they 'll be questioned about their conduct , whether there 's any drinking involved , what they were wearing , whether they 've had sex with the man before . If it 's serious enough and not a "  micro-aggression " the attacker might be quietly punished , in a way that makes sure that no parents find out . But the victim has to deal with whispers and rumors . 4 . The simple arithmetic does n't make George Will 's point powerful . George Will makes a big stink about whether it 's true that "  one in five women " could possibly be sexually assaulted during college . I could make arguments to counter his math . But let 's do this : What if we say there are "  only " one in 20 women who are sexually assaulted , rather than one in five ? Does that make this problem less of a problem ? Are those women who are raped less deserving of help ? If armed robberies on campus happened to one in 20 , or one in 20 students got the measles or food poisoning , we would call it an epidemic . Simply focusing on the validity of the numbers is not a way to invalidate the obligation and importance of universities taking this problem seriously . 5 . "  I take sexual assault more seriously than you do . " In his response to the backlash , George Will pulled out the Donald Sterling "  I 'm not a racist and I 've never been a racist " defense . He says , "  I think I take sexual assault much more seriously than you do . Which is why I worry about definitions of that category of crime that might , by their breadth , tend to trivialize it . " Actually , it 's George Will who 's trivializing the problem . When he summarizes a single story of sexual assault with a giant incredulous eye roll and suggests that a woman 's conduct should be scrutinized more than a man 's in assessing whether a sexual assault even occurred -- he is trivializing a creepy and criminal act . The reason why so many women have n't come forward until now is because victims assumed nothing would happen , or even worse , they 'd face someone like George Will who 'd put the blame right back on the victim .	Mel Robbins : George Will 's views about sexual assault on campuses are wrong Robbins : He 's out of touch with reality , trivializes the problem , and blames women Colleges tried to sweep assault cases under the rug , but students complained Robbins : Women who are assaulted are victims , not people with "  coveted status "
LifeWire  -- Can a piece of paper save a marriage ? One suburban Boston couple figured it was worth trying so they entered into a legal agreement to manage a major source of tension in their relationship - money . The couple , in their late 50s , met in college , dated for six years , married and had two children . And they fought constantly over their finances . The husband and wife , who asked to remain anonymous , had taken out two mortgages on their home and spent inheritance money to pay down debt from the husband 's consulting business . "  I would lie awake at night thinking we 're going to lose the house and lose everything we ever worked for , " says the wife , who teaches at a local university . "  This was with me 24-7 . " She valued stability ; he saw debt as a means of building his business . Several marriage counselors could n't help them come to terms with their different attitudes toward money . Then they came across an article about marital mediation , and it mentioned postnuptial agreements . "  It 's the same concept as a prenuptial agreement , " says Los Angeles attorney Scott Weston , co-author of "  I Do , You Do ... But Just Sign Here : A Quick and Easy Guide to Cohabitation , Prenuptial and Postnuptial Agreements . " "  Instead of being done before a marriage , it 's done during a marriage , " he says . Postnups , while much less common than prenuptial agreements , are gaining in popularity . Nearly 50 percent of attorneys polled by the American Academy of Matrimonial Lawyers reported an increase in the number of postnups from 2002 to 2007 . The agreements usually are used to settle financial issues , says Weston , whose high-profile clients have included Robert Iger , chief executive of the Walt Disney Company , as well as author Terry McMillan and boxer Oscar de la Hoya . Postnups might be used to determine who owns assets , set a budget for household expenses or remove a business from the table in the event of a divorce . Couples also have used them to decide such things as how often the mother-in-law gets to visit or how many boys-only weekends the husband gets to take . ' I was able to breathe easier ' A postnuptial or mediated agreement can help save a couple 's relationship -- if that 's their goal . "  In cases where couples want to stay married , it can apply very efficiently , " says Cambridge , Massachusetts , attorney John A. Fiske . "  If they do n't want to stay married , it 's hopeless . " The Boston couple , who had been married 30 years , fell in the former camp . Fiske helped them put into writing a mutually acceptable financial plan . They agreed to transfer their house into the wife 's name , both to address her fear of losing the asset and to insulate it from the husband 's business debts , and to split the mortgage and other household expenses . That was 18 months ago , and they credit the post-nuptial agreement with helping them become a mutually supportive couple again . "  In my case , I wanted financial security -- not necessarily a new BMW every year , but to feel some financial security , " she says . "  What he wanted was emotional support from me . " The agreement largely has quelled their arguments , they say , even though the husband 's consulting business is still between $ 150,000 and $ 200,000 in debt . "  I do n't think the issue has ever totally gone away , " the wife says , "  but I feel like I was able to breathe easier ... without this being in the forefront all of the time . " Most couples do use the postnups as a blueprint for an eventual divorce , according to Elinor Robin , a Boca Raton , Florida , conflict strategist and mediator . But she thinks successful mediation can reveal the potential to save a marriage . "  The very process of working on this arrangement is a positive exercise for most couples , " Robin says . "  People will say  a postnup  ruins the romance , it ruins the love . If you ca n't have difficult discussions , that 's a death knell for a marriage . " Postnup takes three lawyers Both husband and wife should have a postnup reviewed by their own lawyers or it 's not likely to withstand a legal test . For the Boston couple , that meant $ 5,000 in fees : Fiske drew up the agreement and then they each hired individual lawyers review it . Getting a second opinion also allows the couple to make sure the terms are right for them . The husband 's lawyer advised him against signing over the house , but he says he trusted his wife and felt it was the right move . "  I was told she could walk off with the house and leave  me  in the cold , " he says . "  I viewed it as , I had used up my amount of equity in the house with the amount of debt I had . It was n't  my wife 's  fault . I would rather have the debt on my shoulders and not have the emotional problems . " Both view their postnup as the reason they made it to their 30th wedding anniversary . "  We both feel it saved our marriage , " the wife says . "  It did n't make our problems go away , but it allowed us to keep going as a couple . " E-mail to a friend LifeWire provides original and syndicated lifestyle content to Web publishers . Robert DiGiacomo is a Philadelphia-based writer whose work has appeared in USA Today , Yahoo.com and The Boston Globe .	One couple got a postnuptial agreement to save marriage Postnups can set budgets , determine family visits , nights out Mediator : Most use postnup as blueprint for eventual divorce Three lawyers needed to set it up
CNN  -- Reddit general manager Erik Martin has had a busy few days . His popular website , which thrives on real-time message boards and contributions by users on a variety of topics , received record traffic -- as well as pointed criticism -- for its treatment of the Boston Marathon bomber case . In particular , critics took Reddit to task for what they perceived as its overeager determination to help authorities identify suspects in the many images of the scene being shared online . One group of redditors , as the site 's users are known , speculated that Sunil Tripathi , a Brown University student who has been missing since last month , could be a possible suspect . Tripathi 's family temporarily took down a Facebook page asking for help finding him after they were bombarded by ugly comments . Other Reddit users focused on two young men with heavy-looking bags , one of whom wore a blue track suit . The New York Post even splashed a photo of the two marathon spectators on its front page with the headline , "  Bag Men : Feds seek these two pictured at Boston Marathon . " The guy in the track suit turned out to be a 17-year-old suburban Boston track star who told The Associated Press he was afraid to leave his house because of the scrutiny . Reaction was quick and scathing . The Atlantic 's Alexis Madrigal wrote a column called "  Hey Reddit , Enough Boston Bombing Vigilantism , " and followed it up with a story on how the names of two innocent people got repeated in a viral loop on social media . Alex Pareene addressed the issue in a similar Salon column , "  The Internet 's shameful false ID . " The moderator of a subreddit , or comment thread titled findbostonbombers , which had been set up to crowdsource the identities of the bombers , apologized . Martin agrees with some of the criticism . "  The crowdsourced , more criminal investigation was very volatile and fraught with problems , and , obviously , wrong , " he told CNN in an interview Monday . "  That was something we all wished had n't happened . " He posted a note on the site that went into more detail . "  We hoped that the crowdsourced search for new information would not spark exactly this type of witch hunt . We were wrong , " it read . Noting the site 's rule against widely sharing personal information , it added , "  The search for the bombers bore less resemblance to the types of vindictive internet witch hunts our no-personal-information rule was originally written for , but the outcome was no different . " Canvassing the Internet But , Martin adds , Reddit did a lot of good as well . Another subreddit , devoted to aggregating the news as it happened , is only the second thread in the site 's history -- after President Obama 's "  Ask Me Anything " page -- to outpace Reddit 's mainpage in traffic . The site overall peaked at 270,000 visitors -- 50 % higher than its usual -- when bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was captured Friday night . Reddit 's ability to stay current is one of the site 's great advantages , writes Time 's Jared Newman . "  As a massive community on the hunt for interesting things , it can canvas the Internet in ways that a single news organization or reporter can not , " he wrote . Redditors also used Boston-area threads to let visitors know what streets were passable and closed , worked to get pizzas to hospitals and emergency workers , helped find hotel rooms for stranded visitors and even arranged a meetup at a park for playing with dogs . That 's the thing about crowdsourcing and social media , says cybersecurity expert Doug White : The media are only as good as their contributors . In general , getting more people involved can be beneficial to law enforcement , says White , the head of the Forensic , Applied Networking & Security Lab at Rhode Island 's Roger Williams University . "  Initially , it helps , " he says . "  My experience is that , with any piece of evidence , the more people who look at it , the more likely you are to get a different viewpoint . The more eyes that see it , the better off you are . " A new protocol ? On the other hand , Internet participation is so new that law enforcement is n't sure how to handle it , he says . It 's like the old-fashioned police-tip lines , except on a much bigger scale .  After the FBI released photos of the bombing suspects , its website received more than 300,000 tips per minute , according to news reports . Like eliminating bugs from software programs , it takes time to weed the cranks out of the system -- and , in a fast-moving case like Boston , the cranks went viral , as all the false IDs and dead ends indicated . "  I think there 's a lot of issues with doing this , but I hope these people have a protocol , " White says . Oscar Baez , a 24-year south Florida law enforcement veteran , agrees that participants on sites such as Reddit should funnel their theories and suggestions to authorities . "  On the computer , you can do whatever you want to , as long as you do n't interfere with somebody 's rights , " says Baez , who now heads a private firm called Executive Tactical Training . "  I always say , give us the information , let us do the legwork , let us do the computer work , let us do everything . " It 's not just for reasons of privacy and proper legal protocol , he adds . People can get hurt . Baez has had tipsters call who tell him they 've been conducting surveillance on suspects , which makes him furious . "  What if they 're following the real suspect ? What if they 're following a murderer ? Once that person realizes there 's somebody following them , the chances are pretty good they 're going to get hurt , " he says . And hiding behind a computer is no promise of safety , he adds : "  Even contacting that person online can still be traced back to you . " Media mixups As with past episodes -- such as the naming of the wrong suspect in the Newtown massacre -- the frantic pursuit of information can come perilously close to mob justice . The subreddit board , interestingly , was aware of how things could go wrong . Throughout last week 's chain of events , two of the most popular entries were dedicated to Richard Jewell , the man falsely accused of the Atlanta Centennial Olympic Park bombing , and a link to an Errol Morris video on "  Umbrella Man , " a figure who has been wrongly named in a number of JFK conspiracy theories . Both functioned as warnings for what could happen when gut reaction overwhelmed calm rationality . Oops777 , the redditor who set up findbostonbombers in the first place , kept trying to rein in both Reddit users and the news media . "  Media Outlets , please stop making the images of potential suspects go viral , then blaming this small subreddit for it , " he titled one post . "  Until the media got involved , none of the images were going anywhere but to the FBI . " But maintaining control is always going to be a challenge on such free-flowing sites , says Reddit 's Martin . "  I do n't think we can fix the basic problems with human behavior , " he says . But , he adds , "  We can certainly mitigate it . If we can make sure to channel people 's desire to help and adrenaline-fueled activity into things that are clearly positive and are n't fraught with as many dangerous  possibilities  , that should be the aim for any future crisis . "	Reddit received some criticism for its handling of the Boston Marathon bomber case Some Reddit users , poring over images , fingered innocent people as potential suspects Reddit general manager Erik Martin says he regrets "  this type of witch hunt " Cybersecurity expert Doug White : The media are only as good as their contributors .
CNN  -- The New Orleans Saints won the Super Bowl for the first time in their 43-year history with a 31-17 victory over the Indianapolis Colts at the Sun Life Arena in Miami on Sunday night . The NFC champions recovered from a slow start to deny Indianapolis a repeat of their Super Bowl success against Chicago Bears in the same stadium three years ago . Inspired by MVP Drew Brees , who won his head-to-head with fellow star quarterback Peyton Manning , the Saints took command after trailing 17-16 going into the final quarter . Jeremy Shockey bulldozed over for a touchdown to give them a lead they never relinquished , increased by a two-point conversion after another crucial call by coach Sean Payton . Trailing 24-17 , the Colts needed a touchdown to force overtime , but Manning saw his pass intercepted by Tracy Porter , who returned for a 74-yard touchdown which all but sealed their fate . It proved a sweet triumph for perennial underdogs New Orleans , coming five years after the city was decimated by Hurricane Katrina . Thousands of fans in New Orleans took to the street as it became clear that their side was finally going to triumph . What does the Saints ' win mean to you ? Share your story In a game initially dominated by defenses , the Colts followed an early field goal from Matt Strover by ending the first quarter with a Super Bowl record-equaling 96-yard drive with quarterback Manning at the heart . He eventually threw for Pierre Garcon to go over in the right of the end zone and give his side a 10-0 lead . Saints gained more momentum in the second quarter , but even with Brees finding his range could not secure a touchdown . But they did score through two field goals by kicker Garrett Hartley , the hero of the NFC Championship victory over Minnesota . Trailing 10-6 at the half , Saints coach Payton called for an audacious onside kick , the first in Super Bowl history outside of the fourth quarter . Under massive pressure Saints claimed the first down from a advantageous field position and soon afterwards Pierre Thomas was celebrating his side 's first touchdown as they claimed a 13-10 lead . Manning had not completed a pass for 70 minutes but on the next set of drives by the Colts found Joseph Addai who put them 17-13 ahead with their second touchdown of the night . Hartley kicked another long range field goal to keep his side within a point at the third quarter . Brees was starting to dominate for the Saints and in the final quarter tied the previous record for completions in a Super Bowl held by Tom Brady with his 32nd . Two unanswered touchdowns left favorites and AFC champions Indianapolis well beaten and it was New Orleans who lifted the Vince Lombardi trophy in their first appearance in a Super Bowl . An emotional Brees captured the mood of the moment in his post-match comments . "  We just believed in ourselves . We knew we had the entire city and maybe the entire country behind us . Mardi Gras may never end . The celebrations may never end , " he said .	New Orleans Saints win Super Bowl XLIV with 31-17 win over Indianapolis Colts MVP Drew Brees inspires first Super Bowl triumph for the Saints in their 43-year history Two touchdowns in final quarter seal victory for Saints who trailed for match of the game
Jeddah , Saudi Arabia  CNN  -- A group of women basketball players in Saudi Arabia has been defying stereotypes as one of the few female sports teams in the kingdom . Saudi Arabia practices an austere form of Islam in which women are forbidden from playing sport in public -- as well as driving , or traveling without the permission of a male guardian . But Jeddah United , which has grown its membership over the past decade from a dozen to 350 , mostly children of both genders , works around these restrictions by playing and practicing on a gender-segregated private court . Conservative clerics in Saudi Arabia have argued there are religious reasons for excluding women from sport . Sheikh Adnan Bahereth , who preaches in the holy city of Mecca , told CNN that form-fitting athletic clothing was immoral , and that women should be veiled and remain at home . But the female athletes of Jeddah United , based in Saudi Arabia 's second-largest city , say that , although sport remains a minority pursuit among women in their country , attitudes are slowly changing . See also : Saudi women : Pampered or oppressed ? "  Four years ago it was more of a taboo to talk about , " said team captain Leena Al Maeena . "  Today , there 's more acceptance . There 's a lot more companies willing to support us . So , I really think as a society we are evolving . " Perhaps the biggest symbol of this shift was Saudi Arabia 's announcement last month that it would allow female athletes to compete at the Olympics for the first time at the 2012 Games . Previously , the kingdom has been one of only three countries -- along with Brunei and Qatar -- that banned women from competing . All have now dropped the policy . See also : Qatar 's first female Olympians Yet no female athletes have been identified so far to represent Saudi Arabia in London , and if women are sent to compete , they will still face restrictions . Women athletes must have their male guardian 's permission and be accompanied by him to all events , wear appropriate Islamic dress , and refrain from mixing with men during the event . Jeddah United 's Hadeer Sadagah , 18 , dreams of someday competing at the Olympics , but said : "  The society is still not accepting of Saudi women playing sports . " But Al Maeena says attitudes towards female athletes are changing , and much of the reason is growing public awareness of the health benefits of sport . Basketball helped her overcome post-partum depression following the birth of her first child . "  I felt like I needed something to get better , " she said . Others in the team had played basketball to help them in their battle with eating and body-image disorders . "  It really helped all these women . They went back to their normal lifestyle , " Al Maeena said . "  We just looked at it as something not just from an entertainment point of view . It 's bigger than that . " While the women still receive criticism from conservatives , it does not deter them from taking to the court . "  We 're having fun , we 're all girls . We 're doing something that 's healthy for our bodies and our minds , " said 24-year-old Nour Fitiany . Al Maeena said she hoped the team 's example would help encourage public debate about women in sport , and demonstrate to "  the opposing segments in society that we 're not going against our religious or cultural beliefs . " "  At the end of the day , we 're all law-abiding citizens who want to develop our youth , " she said . "  We do n't want them to get into smoking and drugs and wasting their time . " Follow the Inside the Middle East team on Twitter : Presenter Rima Maktabi : @rimamaktabi , producer Jon Jensen : @jonjensen , producer Schams Elwazer : @SchamsCNN and writer Tim Hume : @tim_hume	Saudi women are banned from playing sport in public , but attitudes are slowly changing A basketball team in Jeddah has drawn growing numbers of women over the past decade They say growing awareness of the health benefits of sport are helping to change attitudes Saudi Arabia recently said it would allow women athletes to compete at the Olympics
President Obama talked openly last week about a candid conversation with a group of at-risk kids in Chicago , and many of us parents took notice . "  I explained to them when I was their age , I was a lot like them , " the President said , referring to the African-American boys he met with at Chicago 's Hyde Park Academy High School on the city 's south side last year . "  I did n't have a dad in the house . And I was angry about it , even though I did n't necessarily realize it at the time . I made bad choices . I got high without always thinking about the harm that it could do . " Young men of color , share your advice The President 's honesty with teens about using drugs led many of us parents to ask : Would we do the same with our children ? Would we tell them that we tried drugs or used them repeatedly ? Is sharing that information a good idea , or could it backfire ? My girls , ages 6 and 7 , are still too young for this conversation , in my humble opinion . But I have wondered whether I 'd one day tell them that yes , I did get high -- but just once ! Thankfully , I never really used drugs , but alcohol is a whole different story . Would I tell my girls about how I drank way too much too many times to remember during my college years , all while I was under the legal drinking age ? Coming from a family that has battled alcoholism -- and cognizant of how there can be a genetic predisposition to the disease -- I feel my husband and I most definitely need to have the conversation when our girls are old enough . Yolanda Machado , a Babble.com contributor and mom of a 6-year-old daughter , agrees . Her husband is a recovering drug addict . His addiction caused them to separate for a little more than a year . They have been back together since 2011 . "  I met my husband when he was 19 , and at that time he had only smoked weed once , " said Machado , who is founder of the blog Sassy Mama in L.A. . She said he then fell in with the "  wrong people at the wrong time . " "  He said it was like something in him just clicked when he started doing drugs . Had he been told about his family 's predisposition , he may have made a different choice . But , we 'll never know . In order to give our daughter the best shot of making the right choice , we want her to know . " Cecily Kellogg has already had the conversation with her daughter , who is 7 . Sober for 18 years , Kellogg has told her daughter in very general terms that she 's a recovering drug addict and alcoholic and that addiction is a family disease . "  That is why I 'm honest about my addiction , and I also tell her that she 's at risk and needs to make smart decisions . At her age , this likely goes over her head , but I tell her anyway , " said Kellogg , who writes for Babble.com and hosts a blog at Uppercase Woman . TV host Miss Lori , a mother of three , says she has been very open with her kids about never having used drugs . That admission was n't exactly helpful at first , she concedes . "  They regarded me as a total anomaly who might not understand the pressures kids are facing today concerning drugs , " said the children 's television host and social media specialist , who is also a Babble.com contributor . "  But when I talked with my kids in more detail about the pressure I experienced to ` party , ' particularly in the entertainment industry , they came to recognize that I had an even greater understanding of what kids are going through . " Miss Lori , who regularly talks to her children about drugs  and sex , alcohol and money !  , says the thinking that you , as a parent , can lie or hide your experiences from your kids without consequence "  is a fantasy . " "  If you want your children to be forthright with you , should n't you show them the same respect ? Besides it 's not about what you did or did n't do , it 's about why you made the choices you did and what effect they had on your future , positive or negative . " The best lessons as parents , says Lyz Lenz , a writer and mom of two small children in Cedar Rapids , Iowa , do n't come from our "  perfect " moments but from when we admit mistakes and show our kids how we try to learn from them . With that philosophy in mind , Lenz , host of a blog in her own name , plans to tell her kids when they 're older how she got drunk in college . "  How I let it happen , " said Lenz , "  and some stories of what happened after . " "  Maybe not all the stories , but I will always do my best to answer questions as honestly as possible , " said Lenz . "  It 's not going to be pretty . " Jennifer Bosse , a mom of two and founder of the blog Defining My Happy , said her mother was very honest growing up , and she plans to be the same with her children once they get older . "  My mother was fairly open with my siblings and I about her past and the mistakes she made . She did this in hopes that we would learn from them , " said Bosse . "  I really took what she shared to heart and was fairly straight-edge growing up . I was too scared by the stories she had shared . " Of course , a big question for parents is whether talking about past drug use will make our children more or less likely to try drugs when they 're older . While Bosse says her mom 's open approach did deter her from doing anything serious , she 's seen plenty of other cases where candor did n't exactly have the desired effect . "  I have seen ... parents be completely open and their kids end up engaging in the same ways and amounts they did ... the whole , ` Well , you did it ' argument , " said Bosse . Sue Scheff , an author and parenting expert , calls this a tricky issue for parents , namely because drugs are a "  different animal " today than when we were in school . "  Just getting high today is not what just getting high 20 or 30 years ago was , " said Scheff . Marijuana is , on average , more potent than it was in the 1970s . Also , drugs like heroin are becoming more popular with teenagers , and even more deadly when laced with narcotics . Whether to talk to your children about your drug past depends on your individual situation , she says . If a child is using drugs to try and fit in , and the parent did the same thing , the parent can relate their story to let them know they understand how their child feels . "  Make it a learning experience , " said Scheff , author of the book "  Wit 's End : Advice and Resources for Saving Your Out-of-Control Teen . " "  It needs to be a situation that relates to the parent and teen . " On the other hand , if the children need rehab or detox , telling them you did drugs could become an excuse where they say , ` Mom did it , so why ca n't I ? " " said Scheff . LaTricia Woods , a public relations executive and motivational speaker who lives outside Phoenix , never experimented with drugs . Knowing her mom abandoned her as an infant because she was under the influence of drugs was one of the reasons , she said . She is part of a group of female professionals who speak to young , at-risk girls about the challenges of growing up . Often , a member of the group who has a history of drug use will share her experience with the young women . "  It gives the young ladies a chance to speak to someone who has been in their shoes  or similar shoes  and has gone on to become a successful adult . " You ca n't underestimate the power of seeing someone who has been in a place similar to where they are today and who has gone on create a successful life , said Woods . One of the students President Obama met with last year said as much . Last week , as the President shared what he told a group of teens about his past , he remembered the reaction . "  After I was finished , the guy sitting next to me said , ` Are you talking about you ? ' I said , ` Yes . ' " Would you talk to your kids about your past drug or alcohol use ? Chime in below in the comments or tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	President Obama told a group of teens he got high when he was their age We asked parents if they would tell their kids about their drug and alcohol use Many parents said they 'd be honest , especially if family has a history of addiction How much to share is an individual decision , one parenting expert said
An Egypt-backed cease-fire between Israel and Hamas fell apart Tuesday as rocket attacks from Gaza were again answered by Israeli airstrikes . The rocket attacks from Hamas militants in Gaza never ceased , Israeli officials said . For its part , Israel refrained from airstrikes for about six hours before announcing it was resuming them . A CNN crew witnessed at least five Israeli strikes just as the announcement was made . "  Hamas closed the diplomatic option . We woke up this morning in the hope there 'd be a cease-fire and , as you reported , Israel restrained from all our activities , all action against terrorists in Gaza for a full six hours . We gave this cease-fire our full support , " Mark Regev , spokesman for Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told CNN 's "  The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer . " "  But Hamas said no to everyone . Hamas said no to the cease-fire , both in word and in deed , " Regev said . The faltering of the cease-fire attempt means there may be little hope of seeing an end to the near constant exchange of fire that has so far killed more than 190 Palestinians in Gaza . The first fatality on the Israeli side was a man killed Monday after being hit by a mortar shell , Israeli Rescue Services said . He was an Israeli volunteer who was at the Erez border crossing to deliver food to soldiers . Israeli leaders had agreed to the cease-fire , but from the outset warned it would be short-lived if the attacks from Gaza did n't stop . The Israeli Security Cabinet met early Tuesday morning and decided to halt aerial strikes beginning at 9 a.m.  2 a.m. ET  . It resumed strikes about six hours later , by 3 p.m.  8 a.m. ET  . Gaza crisis : Who 's who in Hamas The barrage from Gaza continued , with more than 140 rockets fired from there since early Tuesday -- or one rocket every six minutes -- according to the IDF . "  Hamas have decided to continue , and will pay the price for that decision , " Netanyahu said Tuesday . His Security Cabinet met again late in the day for emergency talks . The Egyptian plan calls for all sides to cease hostilities in Gaza . It also calls for the opening of border crossings , once the security situation is stable , and for high-level talks among those involved . "  The achievement of the success of this Egyptian effort is a must for all of us , " said Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erakat . "  It 's an interest for all of us , and if we allow things to deteriorate I think it 's going to be a disaster all over . " He continued : "  Failure is not an option here . " When the plan was announced , there was a split reaction from Hamas . Its military wing rejected any possibility of a cease-fire , while its political wing had said it was considering it . Ismail Haneyya , deputy chairman of Hamas ' political wing , said at the outset of the Egyptian efforts that there is a bigger issue than a cease-fire for Palestinians . He said that what Palestinians really want is an end to the Israeli blockade on Gaza that is suffocating the daily lives of the 1.8 million Palestinians living there . Haneyya , speaking on Hamas-owned Al Aqsa TV , also accused Israel of not freeing Palestinian prisoners from Israeli jails , as had been agreed to under an earlier truce . These , he said , are elements the Palestinians would like to see in a comprehensive cease-fire agreement . Hamas spokesman Osama Hamdan later stressed that Hamas never received the proposal through political channels . "  We are still working with Egypt . We are still talking to other sides , " he told CNN . "  I believe a proposal is supposed to be prepared after the sides agree on it . It 's supposed to be published if two sides give agreement on it . You ca n't publish it in the media and then ask everyone to accept that or reject that . " Asked why Hamas wo n't stop firing rockets while talks are ongoing , the spokesman replied : "  We are not the side who is killing the other side . We are are the side being killed . " Trapped in war : ` This is tyranny ' Civilian casualties The stakes are high and climbing . By Tuesday , the death toll from a week of Israeli airstrikes on Gaza had reached 194 , with at least 1,400 wounded , according to Palestinian health authorities . The toll is now greater than the number of people killed in Gaza during the 2012 conflict between Israel and Hamas . The United Nations has said that most of the people killed by Israel 's aerial attacks are civilians . "  I urgently call on the Israeli Security Forces to put an end to attacks against , or endangering , civilians and civilian infrastructure which are contrary to international humanitarian law , " said Pierre Krahenbuhl , commissioner general of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees , or UNRWA . There are now 17,000 refugees taking shelter in 20 schools in Gaza , UNRWA said , and the airstrikes have damaged 47 of its buildings , including clinics , schools and warehouses . The Israeli military says it uses a variety of methods , including phone calls and leaflets , to warn civilians of impending strikes . "  As part of our effort to avoid harming civilians , we are sending messages to residents of northern Gaza to leave homes for their own safety , " the IDF posted to Twitter late Tuesday . But UNRWA called on Israel to exercise maximum restraint and precautions to avoid more casualties . "  Clearly , at this stage not enough is being done in that regard , " Krahenbuhl said . Israel Defense Forces spokesman Lt. Col. Peter Lerner accused Hamas of holding the people of Gaza hostage . "  They are using and abusing the houses , the infrastructure there , in order to carry out these attacks . We really do n't have any other choice , " he said . Hamas on Tuesday closed a crossing between Gaza and Israel but allowed 25 Palestinians -- some of them needing medical attention -- to cross into Israel at Erez . The border crossing at Erez was closed not as punitive measure , but because the Gazan side has been targeted in airstrikes , said Maher Abu Subha , the head of the committee for border crossings in Gaza . Employees at the crossing have been targeted three times in three days , and it was closed out of fear for the lives of the workers , he said . The crossing can be reopened quickly if Israel can guarantee the workers ' safety , he said . Kerry delays trip U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry was preparing a possible trip to the Middle East to lay groundwork for a cease-fire , but he postponed the visit to give Egyptian efforts a chance to take root . One official said the United States wants to give Egypt a chance to reassert itself as a power broker in the Middle East , as it did during the 2012 cease-fire . Kerry continued to follow that line Tuesday . "  The Egyptian proposal for a cease-fire and negotiations provides an opportunity to end the violence and restore calm , " Kerry said from Vienna , Austria . "  We welcome the Israeli Cabinet 's decision to accept it . We urge all other parties to accept the proposal . " Kerry strongly condemned the rocket launches by Hamas in the face of the cease-fire plan , and said he is prepared to fly to the Middle East as early as Wednesday , if needed . The current Egyptian President , the ex-military chief Abdel Fattah el-Sisi , has weaker relations with Hamas than former President Mohamed Morsy , who brokered the 2012 deal . Morsy was ousted by the military in 2013 . Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas will travel to Egypt on Wednesday to meet with the President and to discuss a possible cease-fire , the official Palestinian news agency WAFA reported . Abbas also is scheduled to visit Turkey . Earlier , Kerry spoke by phone with Netanyahu and expressed U.S. concerns about escalating tensions . He reiterated that the United States is prepared to help bring about a cease-fire , a senior State Department official said . But "  offering facilitation is not enough , " Yousef Munayyer of the Washington-based Palestine Center told CNN 's "  New Day . " "  It 's important that the United States demand a cease-fire , " he said . "  There is no military solution to this . " Pope calls for Middle East cease-fire Fear for daughter 's Gaza border wedding Opinion : A smart way out of the Gaza confrontation	"  Hamas closed the diplomatic option , " says spokesman for the Israeli PM A spokesman for the military accuses Hamas of holding the people of Gaza hostage "  We are not the side who is killing ... We are the side being killed , " says Hamas spokesman The Gaza death toll is higher than the number of people killed there during the 2012 war
CNN  -- Two lightning-triggered wildfires that have charred 24,000 acres in drought-stricken West Texas threaten 150 homes and 250 other buildings , officials said Wednesday . "  We 're going to do everything we humanly , safely can do to protect those homes and residents , " Incident Commander Tony Wilder said . Jeff Davis County officials ordered voluntary evacuations , but residents have not left some neighborhoods , Texas Forest Service spokeswoman April Saginor said . About 250 firefighters , including "  hot shot teams " from Arizona , Nevada and Georgia , are on the scene to battle the two blazes in steep , rugged terrain , Saginor said . The leading edge of the Livermore fire , which has burned 13,387 acres since last week , is within a mile of the Davis Mountain Resort community , fire officials said in a statement Wednesday . The fire is about 30 % contained , it said . "  Winds associated with afternoon thunderstorm activity are making the firelines difficult to hold , " the statement said . The Spring Mountain fire , which is 60 % contained , has burned 10,576 acres northwest of Fort Davis since starting April 24 , it said . "  We 've had about one-fourth of the moisture that we normally get , " fire volunteer Kelly Bryan said . CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	NEW : Winds making the firelines difficult to hold , officials say NEW : Firefighters will "  do everything we humanly , safely can " to protect the homes Some residents remain at threatened homes despite evacuation order 250 firefighters , including teams from Arizona , Nevada and Georgia , are on the scene
LonelyPlanet.com  -- Despite the fact that it seems to be in the news almost every day of the week , China -- impossibly vast and fascinatingly diverse -- remains a travel destination with an unquestionable mystique . As exciting as that sounds , it also makes travelling to China for the first time an incredibly daunting prospect . To help you venture into the unknown , here 's our first-timer 's guide to the most populated land on the planet . LonelyPlanet.com : A tasty tour of China 1 . Break the language barrier The number one hurdle to overcome when travelling around China is the language barrier . Even today , with Chinese children learning English from primary school onwards , it 's a barrier that can be almost completely impenetrable at times . It 's always advisable to try to learn a few words and phrases before you visit far-flung lands , but in China it 's almost essential . Try to enroll in Mandarin classes before you go  Mandarin Chinese is the default language in almost every part of China  , or try to teach yourself some of the basics -- the BBC website has a decent introduction to learning Chinese . Then , when you leave for China , be sure to bring with you one or more of the following : - Mandarin Chinese phrasebook - Lonely Planet and other guidebook publishers offer them . - English-to-Chinese and Chinese-to-English pocket dictionary - I found the Oxford version very easy to use when I was a beginner . - Translator apps - Google Translate is free and includes an impressively accurate speak-your-phrase voice translator . The Lonely Planet Chinese Translator app is similar but has the advantage of being entirely offline with a dictionary tailored to the needs of travelers . Regardless of all of the above , one thing you should always do when traveling around China is carry with you Chinese-language business cards of your hotel or of places you wish to visit so you can show passers-by , taxi drivers , bus conductors and the like . 2 . Focus your itinerary China is massive . Really , it 's unbelievably large . It contains the world 's highest mountains , some of the world 's largest deserts , remote jungles , seemingly endless grasslands , and , of course , many of the world 's largest cities . You would need months and months of traveling to even begin to do it justice . So , rather than skimming the surface of the whole country on your first trip , choose one region , or even just one province , and explore it properly . Do some preliminary research to get a basic sense of each region . Still unsure ? Here 's my top three : - Sichuan : One province ; three regions . Stay in the center or the south for steamy bamboo forests and cute Ming-Dynasty villages . Head north for stunning lakes set among alpine-esque mountain scenery . Venture west for remote Tibetan-plateau grasslands . - Guangxi : Picture-perfect rice terraces and otherworldly karst peaks dominate a lush , almost jungle-like landscape which is perfect for hiking , cycling and river trips . - Beijing : Do n't just fly here , stay here . Beijing packs in more world-class sites than many whole countries are able to offer : The Great Wall , Tiananmen Square , the Forbidden City , the Summer Palace , ancient hutong alleyways , majestic imperial parks ... the list goes on and on . 3 . Check the weather At any time of the year there are places in China that enjoy ideal weather for travel , but almost nowhere is weather-perfect all year round . So to ensure your first trip to China does n't become a wind-beaten blowout , an energy-sapping sun-scorcher or just a damp squib , get on top of where 's hot and where 's not in the month you 're planning to travel . Generally speaking spring and autumn are the most comfortable seasons , although not in all provinces , and in many parts of China spring and autumn are no more than a few weeks long . For starters , check out this China weather rundown . LonelyPlanet.com : Top 10 works of engineering genius 4 . Use public transport Ditch the taxis and the airplanes and hop on buses , bikes and trains to see China how the locals see it . Sure , it 's easier flying from city to city , and then taking a taxi around each one once you 're there . But where 's the fun in it ? China 's public transport systems are already extensive , and getting bigger and better every year and many towns and cities are well set up for cycling -- cycle lanes abound in Beijing , for instance . And do n't worry about getting lost . Chinese people in general are extremely friendly , helpful and honest , especially to foreigners who ca n't speak Chinese , so there will always be a local on hand to put you back on track if you lose your way . 5 . Eat , eat and then eat some more China has many wonderful features but arguably its standout attraction is its food . Cuisine varies tremendously from region to region -- even breakfast time can be an assault on the senses -- so try as much of it as you can . And do n't listen to anyone who tells you to avoid the street food . It 's often the best part of a city 's culinary experience . One final food tip from my aunt , who recently visited China for the first time : If you 're not used to using chopsticks , ditch the white T-shirts and pack more dark-colored tops . Noodle-slurping stains are an unavoidable nuisance for most China first-timers , and asking for a knife and fork in a restaurant over here ... well , that 's just cheating . LonelyPlanet.com : Classic train journeys of the world © 2011 Lonely Planet . All rights reserved .	Try to learn a few phrases in Mandarin and pack some language aids Choose one region , or even just one province , and explore it properly Chinese people are friendly and helpful , especially to foreigners who ca n't speak Chinese
CNN  -- To be a champion you must win a title -- but to become a Formula One legend you must win races at Monaco . "  Monaco is very special -- it is magical , " Alain Prost , a four-time winner at Formula One 's most prestigious grand prix tells CNN 's The Circuit series . "  You can be a great driver without winning at Monaco but it is much better to have won here . " Only three men have triumphed in the principality more often than Prost -- his great rival Ayrton Senna took six victories , while Graham Hill and Michael Schumacher claimed five each . "  If you want to be considered as a great , very often you 'll hear people say , ` Oh , I know Alain is a world champion but he won at Monaco four times and Ayrton has won there six times , ' says the Frenchman , who ended his career with four world titles compared to the late Brazilian 's three . "  You always operate within your parameters . I won the French Grand Prix six times and nobody cares about that , " he adds . "  It is always more important to win at Monaco . " First run in 1929 and a fixture in the F1 calendar since 1950 , the Monaco Grand Prix is the most glamorous race in the F1 calendar . Home to some of the world 's richest and most famous celebrities -- including many sports stars -- because of its favorable tax laws , Monaco plays host to some of the biggest names in the racing world . The picturesque city-state on the French Riviera has been transformed this week to accommodate 200,000 fans all aiming to grab a view of the cars from the grandstands , hotel balconies and terraces -- as well as the luxury yachts moored in the harbor . The course , which is overseen by the Automobile Club de Monaco , requires two months to complete and calls on the expertise of 200 construction workers to build 1,100 tonnes of grandstands , 900 tonnes of pit garages and 21 miles of safety barriers . Prost still revels in the excitement that 's generated on race weekend -- something he says is unparalleled across the racing world . "  First of all it 's a race , but it 's the atmosphere of the whole thing which I enjoy , " the 59-year-old says . "  My parents live close to Monaco , in Cannes , and I have a lot of friends near too . "  There 's also the atmosphere , which feels very French but it 's more than that , it 's the only grand prix where you feel something special . " While the circuit at Monaco is one of the most challenging , it is the demanding nature of life off the track during race week which can often prove more difficult . Drivers are expected to entertain sponsors , attend parties and galas , while there is the usual pre-race hype to deal with too . It is a week unlike any other in the racing calendar . Practice sessions start a day earlier on Thursday , meaning a gap -- often filled by duties to sponsors -- before Saturday 's qualifying session . "  There are a lot of parties at Monaco and it 's not the sort of place where you can say , ` OK , tonight , I am going to go to sleep and wake up late , ' " Prost reveals . "  You need to stay in good shape and keep your concentration . "  You can have some parties , but you are always meeting people during the four days in the lead up to the race . "  The biggest quality you need for this track is concentration and you need that concentration for all four days . " Nelson Piquet , a three-time world champion who had more retirements at Monaco than podium finishes , described negotiating the tricky street circuit as "  like riding a bicycle around your living room . " But Prost , who won there three years in a row from 1984-86 , remembers it more fondly . "  Every year , you arrive here , you go into your car , you go up to the Casino , you try to accelerate and every time , every year I had the same feeling : ` How am I going to be able to drive this , the car looks so big for the corner and the speed and the power ... ? ' "  And slowly you get used to it , in only a few laps , but it looks like you have a plane , you have a jet . But you change slowly and you start to dominate the car , and that is when you have the biggest pleasure . The only time I had this 100 % control was ' 86 . " That year he started from pole position , set the fastest lap during the race and headed off his McLaren teammate Keke Rosberg -- father of current Mercedes star and Monaco resident Nico -- while Senna was third . But it is his failure to claim victory in 1993 which still nags at Prost -- a race where he was hit with a stop-go penalty to deny him yet another success . Having again started from pole position , he was too quick out of the blocks and then , after serving his punishment , he stalled and dropped to 22nd place . Despite the circuit being notoriously difficult for overtaking , Prost made his way up the field but had to settle for fourth as Senna triumphed for McLaren in what would be his final race at Monaco -- he died the following year at Imola driving for Prost 's former team Williams . It was also Prost 's final outing at Monaco -- he decided to retire at the end of that season . "  I will never forget that one , " he recalls . "  That was my win , you know . "  I would say that I rate all my victories here the same , as they are a part of history . " Interactive : Experience the thrills of Monaco	Formula One 's Monaco Grand Prix takes place on Sunday Four-time world champion Alain Prost won four times in the principality The race featured many of his great battles with big rival Ayrton Senna The city-state is transformed every year as 200,000 people arrive for race
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Friends of a high-profile Chinese dissident found dead in his hospital room Wednesday slammed official claims that he hanged himself as "  insulting " and "  ridiculous . " Huang Lihong told CNN that he had visited long-time labor rights activist Li Wangyang at Daxiang District Hospital in Shaoyang , Hunan province , a few days before his death on June 6 . "  He was in good spirits ... There was absolutely no sign showing he wanted to take his own life . He was also listening to my radio and told his sister to buy him one , too , " Huang said . Li was blind , deaf and had trouble walking after spending more than 20 years in prison following the Tiananmen Square crackdown in 1989 . He was one of China 's first labor rights activists and was jailed shortly after the June 4 massacre for urging workers to strike , according to Human Rights in China  HRIC  . After spending 11 years in jail , Li was released in 2000 only to be imprisoned again in 2001 for doggedly petitioning Shaoyang authorities to pay his medical expenses for injuries suffered through torture in prison . They refused and he was sentenced to a further 10 years for "  incitement to subvert state power , " according to HRIC . He was released last May but his family said he had been under 24-hour police surveillance in hospital . "  It 's unbelievable that he could hang himself . He 's weak , could n't really walk down from the second floor on his own , " his friend Zhou Zhirong told CNN . Friends described a man who was unwavering in his determination to fight for his beliefs . "  It 's an insult to say someone like him killed himself this way , " Huang said . "  Li Wangyang said numerous times to me and others that he would keep fighting till the end of his life . He never quits . It 's ridiculous even to think he would commit suicide and none of his friends or family believes what the police say now . He was killed by others for sure , " he said . Li 's brother-in-law Zhao Baozhu told HRIC that hospital staff phoned him and his wife , Li 's sister Li Wangling , just after 6 a.m. on June 6 to tell them that Li had committed suicide . Zhao said they rushed to the hospital and found Li 's body "  hanging by the window . " He noted that Li 's feet were still on the ground . "  They -LSB- hospital staff -RSB- did not let us get near him , and did not let us take photos . Then they dragged his body away , " HRIC said in statement on its website . "  I 've never witnessed a suicide like this , "  said Mi Ling Tsui , communications director at HRIC . "  It raises questions . How do you hang yourself with your feet on the ground ? " Despite the family 's claims that they were n't allowed to take photos , three images of Li said to have been taken after his death have been published on Boxun , a U.S.-based Chinese-language news website . Two photos show Li standing by a window with a knotted sheet around his neck , apparently tied to bars on a window above . A third photo shows Li 's feet firmly on the ground . He 's still wearing slippers . CNN tried repeatedly to contact Daxiang District Hospital where Li died but no one answered the phone . An official who answered the phone at the publicity office of Shaoyang Public Security Station said he had n't heard of Li 's case and advised calling another number . Attempts to call other government offices also failed . It 's not known how long Li had been in hospital before his death . HRIC said only that he was being treated for his "  deteriorating health . " Zhao told HRIC that authorities started monitoring Li on May 22 . Friends said the phones of Li 's sister Li Wangling and brother-in-law Zhao Baozhu do n't appear to be working . They say they believe the couple has been detained in a hotel near the hospital where Li died . Earlier , Li 's family and rights campaigners called for an immediate investigation and full autopsy to determine his cause of death . "  The Chinese authorities must thoroughly investigate the circumstances surrounding Li Wangyang 's death and take seriously the claims made by his family and friends that this was not suicide , " said Donna Guest , Asia Pacific Deputy Director at Amnesty International . In the hours after Li 's death , a petition appeared online urging his "  suicide " to be investigated by authorities outside Shaoyang province and for the findings to be made public . It was started by Hong Kong-based journalist Bei Feng , Chinese economist Xia Yeliang and literary scholar Wu Renhua . At the time of writing , more than 2,000 people had added their names , including many from who listed their locations China . Some entries written in Mandarin listed their location as "  hell . " Liu Jiayi of Hong Kong wrote : "  Comrade Li Wangyang , you perservered for more than 20 years , no one believes that you killed yourself ! But now you can leave the domain of the Chinese Communist dictatorship . You are finally free ! I wish you a good journey ! " Chen of Beijing wrote : "  Independently investigate and track down the true murderers . Let the world know who persecuted and murdered Li Wangyang , and bring them to trial . " Li 's name recently appeared in a list of "  political prisoners " who had been detained as of the end of 2011 in the U.S. Country Reports on Human Rights Practices . CNN 's Shao Tian contributed to this report .	Friends of Chinese activist Li Wangyang slam suggestions he committed suicide Li was found hanged in his hospital room in Shaoyang despite being under surveillance Family members are calling for an official investigation into his death Li spent more than 20 years in jail after the Tiananmen Square crackdown
CNN  -- The man revered for yelling "  Do you believe in miracles ? " as the U.S. hockey team upset the mighty Soviets in the 1980 Winter Olympics was arrested and charged with misdemeanor DUI in Southern California on Friday night , Santa Monica police said . Sgt. Ryan Gradle said Michaels , the current play-by-play announcer for NBC 's "  Sunday Night Football , " was extremely cooperative and was released on his own recognizance Saturday morning . Michaels was arrested shortly before 10 p.m. , then spent a little more than five hours in the Santa Monica City Jail , the Los Angeles Inmate Information Center said . He 's scheduled to appear at Los Angeles Municipal Court at 8:30 a.m. on June 26 . Neither Michaels nor NBC had immediate comment . CNN has reached out to Michaels ' representatives for a response . Ortiz of Boston Red Sox tosses F-word , FCC does n't complain	Sportscasting legend Al Michaels suspected of drunken driving He was arrested in Santa Monica , California , on Friday night Michaels spent five hours in jail , then was released on his own recognizance , police say
CNN  -- Rescuers have expanded the search for two tourists missing more than three days after the boat they were traveling on sank in Indonesia , as survivors recounted their ordeal at sea . The 23 other passengers and crew were rescued on Sunday , pulled from the water by local fishermen and search and rescue teams . The survivors spent more than 36 hours in the water . The two missing people are believed to be Spanish , other passengers on board said -- though officials at the Spanish foreign ministry could not confirm this . The tourists -- mostly from Europe -- were on what was supposed to be an exotic getaway : a cruise from west to east , departing from the island of Lombok -- which lies opposite Bali -- in the province of West Nusa Tenggara and ending in Labuan Bajo , in East Nusa Tenggara , with a number of stops along the way . Under normal conditions , the journey would take four nights to complete . Boat hits rocks Everything appeared fine when the vessel , named Versace Amara , set sail last Thursday . Three days into the trip , the boat ran into trouble . Budiawan , head of the rescue mission , who like many Indonesians goes by one name , says it 's believed the boat hit rocks off Sangeang , at about 1 a.m. local time on Saturday morning . Water began leaking into the vessel , forcing the passengers and crew to abandon ship . The vessel was carrying 20 tourists , three crew and two local guides . Budiawan said authorities were first notified of the incident on Sunday morning and immediately deployed rescuers to the site . The nearest town is Bima on the island of Sumbawa -- a two-hour boat ride away from where the boat sank . Recounting the disaster , one of the survivors said the group decided to split into two . "  There was a coastline visible , a deserted island about five kilometers  3.1 miles  through rough water , " Tony Lawton from New Zealand told CNN affiliate the Seven Network . "  The 10 strongest swimmers decided to swim for the coast and they thought they 'd probably survive it and luckily they did , but it was very close . " In the end , Lawton said the group got within half a kilometer of shore but were exhausted . They were able to wave at a group of fishermen on the beach , who went out to retrieve half of them on Sunday afternoon . Search officials say the other five were picked up by rescue crews . All from the first group were taken to hospital in Bima . Another 13 passengers and crew stayed in the water near the sunken boat , using lifebuoys and life vests to stay afloat . They were retrieved by local fishermen on Sunday evening , in the waters of Sape . They 've since been treated in hospital , and eight are staying at a hotel in Bima , waiting for officials from their respective consulates to arrive to help them . Lack of equipment Another survivor , Spanish national Rafael Martinez , criticized the lack of equipment on the boat . "  There was no security , no radio , no GPS , no navigation equipment . There were nothing , " he told CNN affiliate Trans7 Indonesia . "  Only life jacket , but life jacket , it does n't work . If you 're in the middle of the ocean with a life jacket , what happens ? Nothing . " "  This problem should have been solved very , very easy , " another unidentified survivor told the Seven Network . "  We could have had a boat coming to rescue us in one hour , if they would have had any machine , radio , GPS or anything that all the boats will have . But without everything , maybe people are dead . " However , the tour operator rejected the survivors ' claims . Tajudin Sam , owner of Eriksa Travel Agency , told CNN there was equipment on board to call for help . "  I admit no GPS , but the boat had two radio communications and was working well , " he said . Tajudin said the boat was only three months ' old and modeled on a traditional Phinisi sail boat -- but with a motor . He did admit he did not have a full list of the passengers ' names and passport numbers . "  We normally do not make copies of the passports of the tourists for the cruise , " he said . "  Passengers usually write down their own names and passport numbers on a list -- that 's why in this case , some tourists wrote only their first names . I can not read some of their handwriting clearly . " The two tourists still missing are believed to be male adults . Budiawan said it 's believed the missing men , who were with the second group , became separated owing to strong currents . CNN 's Chieu Luu contributed to this report .	Two missing , 23 other passengers and crew were rescued on Sunday Boat hit rocks off volcanic island of Sangeang , at about 1 a.m. on Saturday morning One survivor said the group split in two , with some attempting to swim towards land Tour operator rejected claims the boat lacked much essential equipment
CNN  -- The suspect charged with murder in last week 's shooting that left one person dead and two wounded at Seattle Pacific University wrote a journal entry on the morning of the shooting stating "  I just want people to die , and I 'm going to die with them , " prosecutors said . In the weeks before the shooting , Aaron Ybarra , 26 , kept a journal in which he allegedly expressed "  admiration for the perpetrators of other incidents of mass violence -- at Columbine High School and at Virginia Tech University , " King County Prosecuting Attorney Dan Satterberg said . Satterberg said the entries also indicate Ybarra had considered shooting people at other campuses in Washington state but chose SPU shortly before the incident . He was n't a student at the school . Ybarra is charged with one count of murder in the first degree and two counts of attempted murder in the first degree , prosecutors announced Tuesday . Prosecutors will seek a special sentence of life in prison , Satterberg said . Ybarra typically would face 69 to 86 years in prison if convicted of the charges , but prosecutors will argue that an aggravating factor -- a "  destructive and foreseeable impact on persons beyond the victims " -- allows for a life sentence . Ybarra is scheduled to be arraigned June 23 , Satterberg said . Counselors and friendly friends even showed Ybarra around the campus in the days before the shooting , and he allegedly carried out the minute-long shooting just before the academic year ended , Satterberg said . Ybarra allegedly kept the journal in anticipation that he would die in the attack , the prosecutor said . Ybarra allegedly went to the campus armed with a 12-caliber double-barrel shotgun with 50 rounds in his pockets . But the gun malfunctioned , rendering the double-barrel shotgun into a single-barrel one , the prosecutor said . Ybarra allegedly fired only two shots -- killing one student and wounding two others -- before student security guard Jon Meis pepper-sprayed Ybarra 's eyes and took away the shotgun , Satterberg said . Meis put the shotgun in his office and returned to take a large hunting knife away from Ybarra , Satterberg alleged . Another student assisted in allegedly disarming Ybarra , kicking the knife out of reach , Satterberg said . "  Jon Meis is an authentic hero , " Satterberg said . "  He saved many more lives . " During the shooting , one student was wearing headphones and was oblivious to the noise and the fact that a shotgun was pointed at him , Satterberg said . The gunman decided not to shoot the students , Satterberg said . "  Just as suddenly as this crime erupted , it was over , " Satterberg said . "  The whole thing took less than a minute . " Ybarra is accused of fatally shooting Paul Lee , a 19-year-old student , in the back of the head , Satterberg said . One of the wounded , a 19-year-old woman , underwent surgery after the shooting , Susan Gregg of Harborview Medical Center said . A second victim , a 24-year-old man , was discharged Friday , she said . The shooting at the university on Thursday afternoon began when a man armed with a shotgun opened fire outside and inside Otto Harris Hall , which houses the engineering , math and science departments . Ybarra has a history of mental health problems and was on suicide watch last week at the jail , public defender Ramona Brandes said . Ybarra has "  significant and long-standing mental health issues , including delusions that were in play " at the time of the shooting , she told reporters last week . " ... He 's on suicide watch for a reason . He did not think he was going to survive yesterday . He intended to die . " Brandes said Ybarra was aware of what happened . "  He is cognizant of the suffering of the victims and their families and the entire Seattle Pacific community , " she said . "  He is sorry . " Ybarra had had several run-ins with police in recent years . He was taken into custody in 2010 and 2012 for a mental health hold , Mountlake Terrace Assistant Police Chief Pete Caw told CNN . In both cases , authorities determined Ybarra was intoxicated , incoherent and suicidal , Caw said . The image of the suspect as a gun-toting killer is a difficult one to reconcile for those who know him . One friend described Ybarra as "  socially awkward " but "  appreciative , " according to KOMO . "  I have no idea what set him off , " said Nate Flesch . "  That 's why this whole thing kind of surprises me -- that he was trying to turn his life around , that he was trying to be a better person , and he was kind of working on his social skills , too . " CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Greg Morrison , AnneClaire Stapleton , Suzanne Presto and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	NEW : Ybarra 's double-barrel shotgun malfunctioned , prosecutor alleges Ybarra allegedly considered other campuses for shooting before choosing SPU Aaron Ybarra is charged with first-degree murder and two counts of attempted murder Prosecutors will seek a special sentence of life in prison
CNN  Photographer Maxine Helfman did n't foresee the current outcry around civil rights in America back in 2012 , when she began shooting portraits in the style of the old Flemish master painters -- using only black models . Placing people of color within a portrait style that historically was the domain of the European elite is a political statement on inequality couched in a beautiful tableaux . Helfman 's subjects in the "  Historical Correction " series wear the same aloof expressions of 17th-century noblemen and women in portraits commissioned from artists like Frans Hals . Light plays across their faces , white collars and billowing black vestments in a manner familiar to followers of the Dutch and Flemish masters . The difference is that their faces are varying shades of brown . Helfman , 61 , wanted to create historical documentation of a population that never was . The images subvert the obvious storyline -- that social strata often break down along racial lines . Her photos are a "  contradiction , " she said , to the stories of inequality that are being told in protests across the United States . "  When I shot them I had the same inspirations , but we did n't have issues that were so highly charged as we 're dealing with now racially , " Helfman said . "  In my lifetime I 've seen them come up over and over and then something inflames them again , and it just shows you we have n't gotten there . " "  There , " meaning equality . Helfman stages the subjects of her photos to command respect . She does n't place other objects in the frame  to avoid distractions  , and she shoots from a slightly lower plane to place the model on high . "  When you get just a little bit of a lower angle , you 're giving that person power . " Also a commercial photographer , Helfman often plays with notions of power and what should be in her fine artwork . She draws inspiration for her art photography from painters like the Flemish masters and contemporary photographers like Carrie Mae Weems and Seydou Keita . Flemish portraits of heroes , villains Helfman enjoys provoking the audience by placing her subjects in unexpected situations -- many of them involving clothing and culture . One series put young boys in dresses and invited viewers to interpret what and who they were seeing . Images from another series depict black women in black face paint dressed as geishas . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . "  The longer my series have been out , the more even I understand the layers -- and especially when I hear other people 's reaction and other people 's comments , " Helfman said . "  They just kind of take on a life of their own . " Using gender and race as provocation is fraught with potential pitfalls for Helfman , a white woman . She takes great care to be respectful , often consulting other artists or experts for another cultural point of view . "  I never want to create something that 's tongue-in-cheek because that defeats the purpose , " she said . "  It 's disrespectful to the  statement  I 'm trying to make . " What she aims to do , she said , is make viewers think and rethink . "  At face value when people look at them , it 's a beautiful image . You 're so easily brought into these , and by the time you are , you give it some thought and ask some questions . " Maxine Helfman is a photographer based in Dallas . You can follow her on Facebook .	Maxine Helfman 's photo series places black people in historical Flemish-style portraits Helfman said the images create a social "  contradiction " and force viewers to think Helfman stages the subjects of her photos to command respect and exude power
Forget college basketball players cutting down the nets after a victory . Some fans of March Madness are making their own monumental snips : vasectomies . "  If you are going to be laid up on the couch for a few days , you might as well get  a vasectomy  done when there is some great college basketball on TV , " said Mike LaSalle , a 40-year-old father of two who had a vasectomy Friday . "  You had all the conference championship games over the weekend and the NCAA tourney starts this week . " Dr. Philip Werthman , urologist to the rich and famous in Los Angeles , performed the vasectomy on LaSalle , who is a partner in a private equity firm . "  LaSalle  came in wearing his Notre Dame cap , " said Werthman with a laugh . "  He said , ` My team is not in it this year , but I might as well hang out at watch the March Madness games . ' " Werthman says he is booked solid throughout the year , so he sees no spike in the number of vasectomies during March Madness . But he does see patients jockeying for coveted time slots just before and during the NCAA men 's basketball tournament by booking the procedures much earlier than usual . A major clinic in Ohio reports it performs 40 or 50 more vasectomies a month before and during the 68-team basketball tourney . "  We do have  in March  typically about 50 % more vasectomies than in other months , " said Dr. Ed Sabanegh , chairman of the Department of Urology at the Cleveland Clinic . "  A lot of patients come in and say , ' I have to have this during March Madness , you have to talk to my wife about it . Tell her what my limitations are and that I need to be on the couch . ' "  They 'll even tell us to exaggerate a little about how long it takes to recover . " Sabanegh adds some enthusiastic fans stroll into their procedures , which take 30 minutes to an hour , sporting the jerseys of their favorite teams , and one fan prepared for his vasectomy recovery with a colorful aid . "  This patient in the past few years came in with his team 's logo on an ice bag , Ohio State , " the urologist recalled . "  He was just excited about the game , and I said , ` We are all Ohio State fans today . ' " During the surgical procedure , tubes are tied to block the release of sperm when a man ejaculates to prevent pregnancy . Tales of March Madness and vasectomies seem to confound the American Urological Association . "  The AUA does not have data showing any link between March Madness and an increase in the number of vasectomies performed , " the AUA said in a statement to CNN . But Urology Associates of Cape Cod placed a cable ad for vasectomies during last season 's NCAA basketball tournament to drum up business . "  Want to watch college basketball guilt-free ? " the announcer in the promotion asked . "  Camp out on the couch for uninterrupted basketball . " The Cape Cod clinic gave away 41 coupons for free pizza to vasectomy patients last February and March as part of the promotion but declined to repeat the deal this year . "  There was definitely an uptick in our business , " said Ethan Cohen , the clinic 's practice coordinator . "  The promotion gave the wife an opportunity to take about vasectomies , because in our experience usually the guy does n't bring it up , it 's the wife . " The department of urology at the Cleveland Clinic is already preparing by opening up extra appointments to handle the higher number of vasectomies . Urologists recommend vasectomy couch potatoes wait a week before they become romantic but offer a warning when they rediscover their inner Austin Powers . "  We wo n't know that the vasectomy has completely worked for three months , " says Sabanegh . "  So they need to use an alternate form of contraception . " Just when it seems a possible March Madness vasectomy trend may be starting , there a twist . "  I had a patient come in on Thursday with another idea , " said Werthman . "  He received a reverse vasectomy he wanted timed before March Madness . " So far there are no stories of March Madness winners retying the nets .	Some college basketball fans plan their vasectomies near the NCAA tournament They can recover while watching hours of their favorite sport , urologists say One clinic advertised to drum up tournament business last year
CNN  -- Brandon Holt did n't make it to his 7th birthday . He wo n't graduate high school , wo n't get married , wo n't have kids of his own . But in a way , he will live on . The father of the Toms River , New Jersey , boy -- who died earlier this week after being shot by his young playmate -- said he and his wife decided to donate Brandon 's organs , in hopes some good will come of their tragedy . "  We both decided that it would help carry his name , that he 's helping somebody , " Ron Holt told the Asbury Park Press . Brandon was playing in and around his 4-year-old friend 's Toms River home on Monday evening when the younger child left the yard and went inside , police explained . The little boy came back outside with a .22 - caliber rifle . Before the play date , the gun talk "  A shot went out , and the 6-year-old was struck in the head , " police Chief Michael Mastronardy said . The next day , at 5 p.m. , Brandon was pronounced dead at Jersey Shore Medical Center in Neptune . The Atlantic County prosecutor 's office is leading the investigation to determine whether charges will be filed in the case and , if so , against whom , Mastronardy said earlier this week . Reporters from the Asbury Park Press , a local newspaper , went back to the Holts ' neighborhood to talk to people there about Brandon . Tim Suppa , a boy himself , recalled how Brandon always had a "  cute little smile on his face " and never showed a hint of being upset . The late boy 's uncle , Randy Holt , told the newspaper that Brandon was "  a gift . " "  Unfortunately , nothing will bring him back , " he said . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Brandon Holt , 6 , was shot in the head by a 4-year-old playmate on Monday He was pronounced dead at a New Jersey hospital the next day His father tells the Asbury Park Press that the family chose to donate the boy 's organs "  We  hope  it would help carry his name , that he 's helping somebody , " he says
CNN  -- There 's an old saying that a lie can go halfway around the world while the truth is putting its boots on -- and in politics , a steady drumbeat of misinformation and mischaracterization can too often shape the national debate . So we wanted to set up a regular online column to confront fear-mongering with the facts , whether it comes from the right or the left during the 2012 campaign . Working with the CNN research team , we 'll investigate candidate claims and call bull when necessary . At a time when partisan spin can disproportionately dominate our democracy , this is an attempt to be an independent voice and an honest broker . Tuesday night 's CNN national security debate offered plenty of red meat along with principled policy disagreement . But one candidate in particular kept playing fast and loose with the facts : Michele Bachmann . It 's part of her usual schtick : playing politics by talk radio rules , where impact is far more important than accuracy . Here 's one of my favorite Bachmann howlers from last night : "  This is one thing we know about Barack Obama . He has essentially handed over our interrogation of terrorists to the ACLU . He 's outsourced it to them . Our CIA has no ability to have any form of interrogation for terrorists . " Sounds scary -- and what I love about this particular riff is that it hits so many paranoid-style themes all in one place . There is the image of President Obama as the naÃ ¯ ve professor , an out-of-touch egghead compromising national security by bringing in card-carrying members of the ACLU to interrogate terrorists . Not only that , he 's "  outsourced " the effort , taking jobs away from our fighting men and women . Finally , there 's the bedrock proof point that makes the rhetoric sound real : Our CIA now has no ability to interrogate terrorists . Somewhere , Jack Bauer must be weeping . But what are the facts ? The CNN research team has fact-checked such claims from Bachmann before and found that "  The controversial CIA ` black site ' prison program , where the suspect of the USS Cole bombing and others were interrogated immediately after arrest , has been dismantled . ... However , the CIA is still interrogating terror suspects in the field in certain cases . For example , CNN reported in July that CIA operatives have secretly traveled to Mogadishu , Somalia , to help interrogate terrorism suspects about terror operations in East Africa and Yemen . ... In a separate incident earlier this year , CNN reported that Ahmed Abdulkadir Warsame , a Somali whom the U.S. indicted for providing material support to al Qaeda linked groups , was interrogated for weeks by U.S. authorities on a Navy amphibious assault ship before he was transferred to FBI custody and brought to the United States to make an appearance in federal court this past July . " In other words , Bachmann 's claims are n't true . They have more to do with fear-mongering than facts . And of course , her characterization of the Obama administration as pursuing a "  doctrine of appeasement " flies in the face of Osama bin Laden 's corpse and a massive escalation of drone strikes that have killed numerous high-level al Qaeda operatives based on actionable intelligence . This riff is echoed by repeated accusations from presumptive front-runner Mitt Romney that Obama "  apologizes for America . " Again , it 's a popular narrative that plays off liberal stereotypes from the late 1960s , but it 's not rooted in the reality of this administration . The subject of energy independence also inspired Bachmann to reach for a bridge too far . Here 's what she said last night : "  Energy independence is something that President Obama certainly has avoided . ... Almost every decision that the president has made since he came in has been one to put the United States in a position of unilateral disarmament , including the most recent decision he made to cancel the Keystone Pipeline . " Here , Bachmann reflexively reaches for the rhetoric of cold war weakness -- "  unilateral disarmament " -- saying that he has "  certainly avoided " any effort at "  energy independence . " But as the failed half-billion-dollar Solyndra investment shows , the administration , for better or worse , has put a lot of capital into creating "  green jobs " as a way of decreasing our dependence on foreign oil while building a 21st-century energy industry . Beneath all the play-to-the-base rhetoric is this core claim : that Obama made a decision to cancel the Keystone Pipeline . Not quite . Instead , the administration made a play to its own base by delaying any decision on the Keystone pipeline until after the election 2013 , pending further review . This made environmental protesters happy , giving them at least a short-term win . But both the pro and con claims over the pipeline in terms of job creation and environmental impact have probably been overstated . And the CNN truth squad had no problem calling Bachmann 's Keystone claims "  misleading . " I could n't help but notice a Politico report that Bachmann received an overheated nod of support  but not an endorsement  from Glenn Beck on his radio show this week . The Pied Piper of the paranoid style said that of all the candidates in the 2012 GOP field , Bachmann "  truly comes the closest to embodying the spirit of Lincoln or Washington . " I ca n't think of any qualities that those two American icons share with the congresswoman from Minnesota , but I know there 's at least one clear contrast : George Washington never told a lie . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon : Michele Bachmann distorted the truth at CNN debate He says she wrongly said the CIA 's interrogations had been outsourced to ACLU Her claims that Obama avoid energy independence and killed pipeline are wrong , he says Avlon : Bachmann plays politics by "  talk show rules , " aiming for impact , not accuracy
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- China will maintain its one-child policy for at least another decade , the country 's family planning minister said in an interview published Monday . Nearly 200 million Chinese will enter child-bearing age over the next 10 years , the government says . The policy , begun in the 1970s , prohibits most couples from bearing more than one child . Nearly 200 million Chinese will enter child-bearing age in the next 10 years , Minister Zhang Weiqing told the China Daily newspaper . He said abandoning the policy during this period would cause "  serious problems and add extra pressure on social and economic development . " "  After the new birth peak ends , we may adjust the policy if there is a need , " he said . China 's population , which now stands at about 1.3 billion , is growing at the rate of 0.6 percent and is expected to peak around 1.6 billion by 2050 , according to the U.S. State Department . China 's Communist Party first implemented the one-child rule three decades ago amid fears that the country would not be able to feed a skyrocketing population . The policy has prevented about 400 million births , the China Daily said . Families living in cities are barred from having more than one child -- unless neither parents have siblings . In rural areas , the law allows for a second child under certain circumstances . And the guidelines are also looser for ethnic minorities with small population . Enforcement varies but usually takes the form of fines to discourage extra births . While the policy has helped curb population growth , it has also led to forced sterilizations in some parts of the country , the State Department said . Because of a traditional preference for male heirs , many Chinese have aborted female fetuses , according to human rights groups . Even within the country , there have been growing calls in recent years for the law to be overhauled , the China Daily said . Some Chinese worry that the law has led to a gender imbalance . They also worry about China 's aging population . Those 60 years of age and older are expected to make up more than 200 million in the next seven years , according to government figures . Zhang said the problems should not be blamed solely on the one-child rule and "  it will be simplistic " to look for a single approach in addressing them . E-mail to a friend	China to keep one child policy for at least another decade , minister says About 200 million Chinese will reach child-bearing age in the next 10 years China 's population is growing at the rate of 0.6 percent Currently at 1.3 billion , it is expected to peak around 1.6 billion by 2050
CNN  -- Question : What do George Clooney , Chaka Khan , the American Medical Association , Bon Jovi and C. Everett Koop have in common ? Answer : They are among the 500 names on the National Rifle Association 's absurd new "  enemies list . " Richard Nixon would be embarrassed to find that his once sinister form of score-keeping has been revived so promiscuously by the NRA . But there is some redeeming social value here : The list illustrates an organization that has become hermetically sealed from society at large , so caught up in conservative debates that it has forgotten how to connect with Main Street America . The enemies list was first posted on the NRA 's website in mid-September , hiding in plain sight under the banner "  National Organizations with Anti-Gun Policies . " But with the debate about reasonable gun restrictions reignited after the Sandy Hook Elementary School slaughter , the NRA 's enemies list has become just the latest example of seriously bad judgment inside this once proud organization . Because whatever staffer was tasked with accumulating the list took the idea of "  you 're either with us or against us " so literally that everyone who is n't a card-carrying conservative seems to be counted as an enemy . The list is divided into broad categories , including "  Anti-Gun Individuals and Celebrities , " journalists , civic organizations and corporations -- as well as a grab bag category that includes religious leaders . You do n't have to be a charter member of Mensa to see how this is going to alienate far more Americans than it attracts . We 're living in a celebrity-driven culture , for better or worse , so let 's start with a look at the celebrity list . The first thing that struck me was the preponderance of '70s sitcom stars who are apparently among the leading threats to gun rights in America today , including Sandy Duncan , Marilu Henner , Ed Asner , Hal Linden and Pam Dawber of "  Mork & Mindy " fame . It 's like the list-maker was locked in a closet full of yellowing TV Guides . It 's a near-miracle that "  The Partridge Family " was left off the list . But the NRA does n't seem content to limit its targets to old reruns of "  The Hollywood Squares " -- no , it has to go and bring Sean Connery into the fight , along with Bruce Springsteen , Albert Brooks , Tony Bennett , Jack Nicholson , Britney Spears , Jerry Seinfeld and Oprah Winfrey . On the civic side , it sees fit to call out everyone from Dick Parsons to Maya Angelou to  the late  Ed Koch to Michael Eisner . You might as well declare yourself the sworn enemy of anyone who does n't subscribe to National Review . This idea gets thrown into even sharper relief when you look at a partial list of civic , charitable and religious organizations that the NRA has determined are "  anti-gun . " Warning : Take a deep breath before reading aloud : • AARP ; • AFL-CIO ; • American Medical Association ; • American Bar Association ; • American Jewish Committee ; • Anti-Defamation League ; • B`nai B`rith ; • Children ` s Defense Fund ; • Environmental Action Foundation ; • Episcopal Church ; • Lauder Foundation ; • League of Women Voters of the United States ; • National Association of Police Organizations ; • National Coalition Against Domestic Violence ; • National Association for the Advancement of Colored People ; • National Council of La Raza ; • National Urban League ; • National Spinal Cord Injury Association ; • Southern Christian Leadership Conference ; • U.S. Catholic Conference ; • United Methodist Church ; • United Church of Christ ; • U.S. Conference of Mayors ; • and the YWCA of the USA . I ask this in all seriousness : Who 's left ? Because the list includes just about every major American faith group and denomination , every major ethnic group and voter constituency . And adding the National Coalition Against Domestic Violence and National Spinal Cord Injury Association to the list of anti-gun enemies is either clueless or callous -- or both . One of my favorite lyrics by U2 says : "  Choose your enemies carefully , 'cause they will define you . " The NRA , like too much of the conservative movement , has chosen its enemies indiscriminately and seems defined in opposition to most of modern America . This is a byproduct of polarization , the cultlike expulsion of any dissenting voices and preoccupation with ideological purity . In the case of the NRA , this is reflected in its reversal on policies it supported in the past , such as gun-free school zones and universal background checks . But it is also reflected in tone-deaf speeches such as the ones recently delivered by Wayne LaPierre , or the truly out-of-touch television ad the NRA produced calling President Barack Obama an "  elitist hypocrite " for having the Secret Service guard his two daughters at school . The essence of evangelism is winning converts -- but that goal can be easily forgotten when you 're preoccupied with playing to the base . Reasonable advocates of Second Amendment rights are being ill-served by the organization 's recalcitrant radicalism -- reflected in the fact that 74 % of NRA members say they support universal background checks . Adding an indiscriminate enemies list to the NRA website only highlights its isolation , consolidating opposition among the figures mentioned and their fans . As legendary columnist Jimmy Breslin -- also a Nixon enemies list alumnus -- remarked when his name was found on the new NRA document , "  Put me first on the list . " This defiance is a very American response to such an awkward attempt to intimidate . The NRA enemies list will backfire badly . And then maybe its absurd excess will provoke a needed reset inside the organization , providing a timely reminder that the politics of addition are always more effective than the politics of division . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon : NRA has an "  enemies list " of 500 organizations , leaders , celebs Avlon : List is absurd , includes Spinal Cord Injury Association , Britney Spears , YMCA List shows how extreme , fanatical and out of touch the NRA has become , he says Avlon : NRA 's cultlike insistence on ideological purity puts off people it wants to reach
CNN  -- Formula One world championship leader Mark Webber believes it is too early to start thinking about winning the title despite having a 14-point lead with only three races left . The main rivals to the Red Bull driver are his teammate Sebastian Vettel and Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso , who are tied for second in the standings . McLaren pair Lewis Hamilton and reigning champion Jenson Button are also still in contention for the crown . Webber knows he will become champion if he wins one of the season 's remaining races and scores podium finishes in the other two , with trips to Brazil and Abu Dhabi finishing off this year 's calendar . The Australian driver told the official F1 website : "  It 's ridiculous to start calculating things because a lot of things can happen . "  I win the next two races , it 's all over anyway in terms of doing well . But this is another event , another race here and  I must  keep doing what I 'm doing . " "  The  points  gap has been edging away , the right way in the last few races . I need to try to do that . Then just keep doing our best , that 's the most important thing . I 'm doing my best and then hopefully the result will take care of itself . " Alonso has made a big impression in his first season with Ferrari and will take away the positives even if he can not land the title for the third time . "  In terms of happiness , in terms of motivation , driving , the team itself , it 's the best one . Obviously it will be nice to become champion this year but even if we can not do it , I will anyway have great , great memories of 2010 . " Button and 2008 champion Hamilton know they have to make up ground fast at the Korea International Circuit this weekend . Button , who is fifth in the rankings , is aware of how difficult it will be for him to close the 31-point gap between himself and Webber , but he is excited to still be involved in the fight for the sport 's top prize . "  It is good to still be involved in the championship hunt with three races to go , " said Button . "  Obviously it 's most difficult for me as I am 31 points behind . But there is always a possibility . "  We are still very hopeful and I am looking forward to the next three races . I am sure it is going to be pretty mixed up as we go through these next three races . That will make an exciting fight for the end of the season . " His fellow Briton Hamilton , who at present finds himself in fourth place , was also in bullish mood , despite trailing the Red Bulls and Ferrari in recent races . "  I think it 's possible , anything 's possible . "  I think you can tell that us , as a team , and the Ferraris as well , are pushing very hard because I do n't think the gap is that big , so it 's not impossible . I 'm happy where I am , we 're still in the fight for the championship , so it 's not a bad position to be in . " With doubts being cast over Korea 's ability to host the event , Vettel , who won the last round in Singapore , is pleased with what he has seen so far . "  I think the main things have been covered . We will see how grippy it will be , but given the fact there was a lot of concern and we were even talking about not racing here , lately they did a very good job . "	Mark Webber thinks it is too soon to talk about winning the F1 world title Fernando Alonso claims the 2010 season has been the happiest of his career Lewis Hamilton is confident McLaren can compete with the Red Bulls and Ferrari in Korea
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- The Chinese women 's gymnastics team did not use underage competitors during this year 's Summer Olympic Games in Beijing , the International Gymnastics Federation said Wednesday . Widespread reports claimed that gold medal winner He Kexin was only 14 years old . The federation said it has concluded its inquiry into the matter after it confirmed the gymnasts ' ages through official documents that the Chinese Gymnasts Association provided . The documents included passports , identity cards and household registers . However , the organization intends to further investigate the ages of two gymnasts , Dong Fangxiao and Yang Yun , who participated in the 2000 summer games in Sydney , Australia . The federation said it did not consider the explanations and evidence that Chinese authorities provided in regard to those athletes as satisfactory . The International Olympic Committee had asked gymnastics officials to clarify the situation after numerous commentators , bloggers and others questioned whether about half the members of China 's team were old enough to compete . Watch tiny gymnasts work out " Athletes must be at least 16 in the year the games take place . In women 's gymnastics , younger girls can have an advantage over older competitors on account of their often smaller , lighter and more agile bodies . The Chinese women 's gymnastics team won a gold medal in a team competition at the Beijing games , and five members won individual medals . One of the challenges came from a blogger known as "  Stryde Hax . " The blogger claimed to have uncovered proof that Chinese gymnast He Kexin is only 14 . In Internet searches , "  Stryde Hax " allegedly uncovered Web pages showing lists complied by China 's General Administration of Sport that show a 1994 date of birth for He . CNN was not been able to independently verify the information , but snapshots of the Web pages appeared to back up the claim . Other bloggers joined the search and reported similar results . The New York Times conducted its own investigation , producing similar results that seem to implicate He and two other members of the team . The Times uncovered a 2006 biography on He that lists her birthday as January 1 , 1994 . The International Gymnastics Federation , however , has said that those gymnasts were eligible and that the ages on their passports were correct . Chinese gymnastics coaches also defended their team . "  Asians have different figures than people from the West , so that 's what caused their suspicion , " said Huang Yubin , head coach of the men 's and women 's teams , referring to media inquiries . "  They should n't be suspicious . "	Athletes met age requirements , international commission concludes Some writers , others suspected girls were younger than rules allowed Chinese team won gold medal in Summer Olympics at Beijing Passports , identity cards , household records examined
Moscow , Russia  CNN  -- The British journalist expelled from Russia was denied entry when he came back to the country because "  he violated a number of rules concerning the work of foreign correspondents , " the Russian Foreign Ministry said on its website Tuesday . Luke Harding , the Moscow reporter for the Guardian newspaper , was detained by Russian authorities , locked in a cell for 45 minutes , and then put on a plane back to London , according to an article in the Guardian Tuesday . He had been returning to Moscow after spending two months in London reporting on the U.S. diplomatic cables published by the website WikiLeaks . The British Foreign Office said the incident occurred on Saturday . Alan Rusbridger , the Guardian 's editor , said in a statement that Russia 's move was "  a very troubling development with serious implications for press freedom . " But the Russian Foreign Ministry statement said the rules allegedly violated were set down in 1994 and are "  well known " to all working journalists in the country . "  In particular , having applied for and received the extension of his accreditation at the end of November last year , Harding left Moscow for London for his own business without receiving a  new  foreign correspondent press card issued in his name , although he knew he should have done that . "  Therefore , if L. Harding is still interested in working in Russia during the validity term of his Russia visa , he needs to settle the issues related to his accreditation with the Russian Foreign Ministry Information and Press Department . "  If L. Harding complies with these rules , which are the same for all foreign correspondents , there will be no problems with his entry to the Russian Federation , " the statement said . In a statement to Parliament , Britain 's Minister for Europe David Lidington made reference to the accreditation issue but not specifically the foreign correspondent press card . "  Indeed , last November the Guardian approached us for support to secure Mr. Harding 's reaccreditation as a journalist when his accreditation had been withdrawn . We made representations at a senior level and in the event , Mr. Harding was granted an extension of his accreditation as a journalist . " Lidington said Harding had not been "  given any explanation for his exclusion " and deplored any restrictions on free media and freedom of expression . "  We understand that Mr. Harding had previously been warned by the Russian authorities about several alleged violations of his status as a journalist -- including visits without permission to border zones and classified areas , " he said . Lidington said Harding "  knows Russia well and has , over the last four years , given readers of the Guardian genuine insight into that country . " Assigned to Moscow since 2007 , Harding covered many events , including the 2008 war between Russia and Georgia and the twin suicide attacks on the Moscow metro system in 2010 . He also wrote a number of controversial articles , including one on the speculation surrounding the alleged secret wealth of Russia 's powerful prime minister , Vladimir Putin . Last year , Harding was reprimanded by Russian authorities for unauthorized travel to areas closed to journalists . "  It is worrying that the Russian government should now kick out reporters of whom they disapprove . Russia 's treatment of journalists -- both domestic and foreign -- is a cause of great concern , " Rusbridger said . CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko contributed to this report	NEW : Russia said Harding violated rules involving the work of correspondents Luke Harding has covered major stories in Russia since 2007 Russian authorities reprimanded Harding last year
CNN  -- We get it : Multitasking over the weekend is hard . Only the truly skilled  and sober  can watch every viral cat video on the Internet while binge-watching "  Gilmore Girls " on Netflix . But coming into the office on Monday unprepared to chat about the Google exec 's fall from space ? Not an option . To help you out , we 've rounded up the top trending topics from the weekend in Vine form : The Hindu holiday Diwali began Thursday and continued through the weekend . India 's biggest and brightest national holiday inspires people around the globe to celebrate for five days with food , music and elaborate displays of lights and arts . But of course , the fireworks are the best part . With Halloween coming up on Friday , people continued to search for costume and decoration ideas . We beg you not to wear these to the party . In fact , do n't bother dressing up at all ; you 'll never top this kid 's costume : For the month of October , Viner Matt Swinsky and his "  Vrille Vine Horror " cohorts Bryan Strickland and Patrick Fowler have been creating seven-second horror scenes . For more spooky inspiration , check out the hashtag # 31daysofhorror . On Sunday , the Atlanta Falcons played the Detroit Lions in London . Many fans noted that it took both teams leaving the country for them to finally play well -- though we have to believe Falcons coach Mike Smith would disagree . Jim Carrey hosted "  Saturday Night Live " for the third time . Reviews of his performance were mixed , but there 's no doubt he led some hilarious scenes . Want to see more trending stories ? Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter @CNN .	Celebrations of the Hindu holiday Diwali continued over the weekend Jim Carrey hosted "  Saturday Night Live " for the third time The Atlanta Falcons played the Detroit Lions in London
Philadelphia  CNN  -- A new sexual abuse lawsuit was filed Monday against the Archdiocese of Philadelphia , Cardinal Anthony Bevilacqua , Cardinal Justin Rigali and other archdiocese staffers on behalf of a Delaware man who grew up in Philadelphia , clergy abuse attorneys said . Phil Gaughan claims the Reverend John E. Gillespie sexually abused him from 1994 to 1997 while attending Our Lady of Calvary parish in Philadelphia , according to the civil complaint . Gaughan , now 31 , came forward because of his 7-year-old son , he said Monday at a news conference in front of City Hall . "  I do n't want anyone to go through what I have gone through , " he said . "  Words ca n't describe it , nothing has changed  with the church  . " When the alleged sexual abuse began , Gaughan was 14 and assigned to the post of parish sacristan -- someone who is responsible for preparing the church sanctuary for Mass , as well as cleaning up afterward -- according to the complaint . "  Phil was brave enough to come forward and put a face to the real tragedy that 's been happening not only to him , but probably countless other in the Philadelphia Archdiocese , " said Dan Monahan , Gaughan 's attorney . Raised Catholic , Gaughan now struggles with his faith . He does not attend Mass and will not let his son become a parish sacristan . Gaughan kept his secret until October 2010 when he told his wife , Michelle . He confided in his parents and his large extended Irish-Catholic family . He also contacted the archdiocese 's Victim Assistance Coordinator , to no avail , he said . His first conversation lasted roughly 15 minutes . During a second conversation he was referred to a doctor , he said . "  I want change . Something has to be done to protect the kids , " he said . Gillespie was a family friend for nearly 40 years , said Philip J. Gaughan , Phil 's father . "  It 's a shock for a parent , it challenges our faith , " the senior Gaughan said . "  You have to think , how did n't we know , and why did n't he tell us . " At the time , he said , he and his wife were proud their son was chosen to work in the church . The complaint comes in the wake of the Philadelphia Attorney 's Office charging on February 10 three Philadelphia priests and a parochial school teacher with raping and assaulting boys in their care , while a former official with the Philadelphia Archdiocese was accused of allowing the abusive priests to have access to children , following the release of a scathing grand jury report . The lawsuit was filed in response to new information released in the 2011 grand jury report that involves Monsignor William Lynn , who is facing criminal charges for endangering the welfare of children and having knowledge about a perpetrator . Lynn served as the secretary for clergy under the former Philadelphia Archbishop Bevilacqua . This year 's grand jury report is the second priest sexual abuse grand jury report in Philadelphia , and the first time that a Catholic church leader has been charged criminally for an alleged cover-up . The lawsuit filed Monday alleges "  Archdiocese officials conspired to endanger the safety of the plaintiff when they actively concealed their knowledge of priest 's previous offenses , lied to parishioners , and created a sham sexual abuse victim assistance program for the Archdiocese , " according to a statement from Gaughan 's attorneys . He is seeking more than $ 50,000 in damages . "  This is n't about the money , " Gaughan said . "  No other kid should have to go through this . No other person should have to live with this for two minutes , let alone 15 years . " Gaughan 's attorneys filed another sexual abuse lawsuit on February 14 on behalf of a Philadelphia man who claims two priests at two separate schools sexually abused him , said attorney Dan Monahan . "  Both of these cases clearly demonstrate the nefarious ways that the hierarchy of the Archdiocese of Philadelphia utilized to not only intimidate survivors through their so called "  Victim 's Assistance " program , but also how they actively engaged in a coverup of known sex abusers who were permitted to continue victimizing untold numbers of other children , " Monahan said . CNN 's Adam Reiss contributed to this report	Delaware man charges 3 years of sexual abuse "  I do n't want anyone to go through what I have gone through " Suit comes after February rape charges against 3 area priests
CNN  -- Tamesha Means ' water broke early on December 1 , 2010 . Just 18 weeks pregnant , she called a friend for a ride to Mercy Health Partners , the only hospital in Muskegon County , Michigan . During that visit , and two others the following day , Means was in excruciating pain . She was sent home twice -- given pain medication , told to return if her contractions became unbearable -- and was waiting to be discharged for a third time when she started to give birth . The baby died less than three hours after it was delivered . That 's all according to a lawsuit filed on her behalf by the American Civil Liberties Union last week , which also said that Means ' fetus had almost no chance of surviving and continuing the pregnancy posed serious risks to her health . Health care providers at the hospital knew those facts to be true , the suit alleges , but failed to tell Means about the risks and the option of ending her pregnancy because they follow directives from the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops , which do not permit abortion . "  As a direct result of these religious Directives , Ms. Means suffered severe , unnecessary , and foreseeable physical and emotional pain and suffering , " reads the lawsuit , which was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan . It accuses the USCCB and others of negligence "  for promulgating and implementing directives that cause pregnant women who are suffering from a miscarriage to be denied appropriate medical care , including information about their condition and treatment options . " It seeks damages and a declaration that the defendants ' actions were negligent . ` Abortion ... is never permitted ' At the center of the case is what is known as the Ethical and Religious Directives for Catholic Health Care Services -- a set of guidelines that advises Catholic health care providers and patients what to do . Specifically , the lawsuit mentions directives No. 27 and No. 45 . Directive 27 states : "  Free and informed consent requires that the person or the person 's surrogate receive all reasonable information about the essential nature of the proposed treatment and its benefits ; its risks , side-effects , consequences , and cost ; and any reasonable and morally legitimate alternatives , including no treatment at all . " The termination of a pregnancy would not be considered "  morally legitimate , " as outlined in directive 45 . "  Abortion  that is , the directly intended termination of pregnancy before viability or the directly intended destruction of a viable fetus  is never permitted , " that directive reads . Still , the USCCB is not standing by doctors , whispering in their ears , telling them what to do , said Robin Wilson , a law professor at the University of Illinois who focuses on bioethics , health law and religious liberty . "  You would have to show some sort of control , or agency , or direct duty in order to reach up to them . ... What I read did n't seem to make the linkages that I would have wanted to see , " she said , adding that she thinks the case will be difficult for the ACLU to argue . "  Creative claims win sometimes . It 's just conceptually hard to get my mind around it , " Wilson said . Don Clemmer , a spokesman for the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops , declined to comment on the Michigan case . A call to Mercy Health Partners was not immediately returned Monday . ` It 's about medical care ' Means ' lawsuit raises issues similar to a recent case in Ireland . There , a woman died after being denied an abortion last year . Seventeen weeks pregnant , Savita Halappanavar , 31 , went into a hospital complaining of back pain . The doctors who examined her told her she was having a miscarriage but refused to do an abortion even though she was in extreme pain , her husband said . Days later , Halappanavar died from a blood infection , leading lawmakers to call for an investigation into what role abortion laws may have played in her death . "  They knew they could n't help the baby . Why did they not look at the bigger life ? " her husband , Praveen Halappanavar , told the Irish Times . According to the Michigan lawsuit , Means was diagnosed with preterm premature rupture of membranes . At the time she gave birth , she had acute chorioamnionitis and acute funisitis , infections she developed after her membranes ruptured . When left untreated , both can result in infertility and cause other problems , the lawsuit states . It says that Means should have been told about her treatment options , including the termination of her pregnancy . She also should have been told about the risks associated with continuing the pregnancy and that even if she decided to go ahead with it , there was virtually no chance the fetus would survive , the lawsuit says . Had Means known the full extent of her condition , she would have opted to end the pregnancy , according to the lawsuit . The ACLU filed the suit to get relief for Means and to make sure that what happened to her wo n't happen to other women , said Louise Melling , national deputy legal director at the ACLU . "  We care about the right to practice religion , " she said . "  But this case is n't about religious freedom . It 's about medical care . "	The case centers around directives and a woman named Tamesha Means Means was only 18 weeks pregnant when her water broke The lawsuit alleges she was not told about treatment options , health risks "  It 's just conceptually hard to get my mind around , " the suit , says a law professor
CNN  -- The chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee used domestic violence analogies while attacking Gov. Scott Walker of Wisconsin on Wednesday . At an event on women 's issues in Milwaukee , Florida Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz blasted Walker for his policies , saying he "  has given women the back of his hand . " "  I know that is stark . I know that is direct , " she continued . "  I know that is reality . " She added that : "  What Republican tea party extremists like Scott Walker are doing is they are grabbing us by the hair and pulling us back . It is not going to happen on our watch . " Her remarks were first reported by the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel . Lily Adams , a spokeswoman for the congresswoman , did not apologize for the comments but said later in a statement to CNN that "  domestic violence is an incredibly serious issue and the Congresswoman was by no means belittling the very real pain survivors experience . " "  That 's why Democrats have consistently supported the Violence Against Women Act and wo n't take a lesson from the party that blocked and opposed its reauthorization , " she continued . "  The fact of the matter is that Scott Walker 's policies have been bad for Wisconsin 's women . " The governor is fighting off a challenge from Democrat Mary Burke in a tight gubernatorial race this fall . Republican Lt. Gov. Rebecca Kleefisch said in a statement that she is "  shocked " that Schultz "  would use such outrageous language to try and score political points . " "  I think the remarks were absolutely hideous and the motive behind them was despicable , " she said . Stephanie Wilson , press secretary for Burke , said Schultz 's comments are "  not the type of language that Mary Burke would use , or has used , to point out the clear differences in this contest . For the last 11 months of this campaign , and in the final nine weeks left to go , Mary is committed to pointing out those clear differences . There is plenty that she and Gov. Walker disagree on , but those disagreements can and should be pointed out respectfully . " CNN 's Dana Bash and Steve Brusk contributed to this report .	DNC chairwoman said Gov. Scott Walker "  has given women the back of his hand " Spokeswoman said she was "  by no means belittling " pain of domestic abuse survivors Lt. Gov. Rebecca Kleefisch is "  shocked " that Schultz "  would use such outrageous language "
CNN  -- Raphael Larrinaga was tired of sending out job applications and not getting a response , so he decided to try a different approach . No , he did n't embellish a job title or fabricate a master 's degree on his rÃ © sumÃ © . Instead , he swapped out his Spanish first name for something with more "  Americanized , " something that people would expect from a guy with blond hair and blue eyes job-hunting in Utah in the 1980s . Almost instantly , Ray Larrinaga began getting calls back , he said . Within two weeks , he accepted a job with a bank and went back to the name his Spanish-born parents had given him . "  People said I was paranoid , but I 'm not exaggerating a bit , " said Larrinaga , now a self-employed graphic designer . "  I went from almost a zero response to my applications to over 50 percent response . " In hindsight , the resident of Bountiful , Utah , said he 's a little ashamed of his ploy . Sure , he could be a chameleon and scuttle his Spanish roots if he wanted to , but visible minorities ca n't get rid of their accent or change the color of their skin , he said . "  That was a real eye opener for me , as I realized how tough it was for minorities in my mostly ` white ' community to get an even break , " said Larrinaga , who shared his story on iReport . "  I think things have changed quite a bit for the better , but I ca n't help but wonder how many people still judge someone they 've never met simply by what kind of name they have . " Our names say a lot about us even before the first encounter , as Larrinaga and others can attest . Just ask Jessica Simpson , whose decision to name her daughter Maxwell Drew Johnson sparked criticism that she was condemning the child to a life of torture for having a traditionally male name . In America : What does your name say about you ? CNN iReporters shared the good and the bad of living with a name that flouts convention . As children , they endured playground taunts and teases . By the time they reach adulthood , they 've heard it all and spent countless hours patiently  or sometimes not so patiently  explaining their names to strangers . They 're used to second takes from bank tellers and waiters , mail addressed to Mr. when it should be a Mrs. , and vice-versa . "  It 's hard for me to figure out why a parent does this , " iReporter Michael Howell said . "  Are they looking for attention ? Because the only attention the child 's going to get is going to be negative attention . I 'm curious as to why mothers do this . " Howell never got a satisfactory answer from her mother as to why she gave her a boy 's name . Howell said she could write a book about the lifetime of confusion and insults she has experienced because of her name , the hours spent convincing people that Michael is indeed her real name . No , she was not dodging the Vietnam War draft in the 1960s . No , she 's never had a sex change . Yes , that really is her name , she tells clients who call the real estate office where she works . Really . Her children suffered a great deal for it , too , she said . They can laugh now at the cruel jokes , but at the time , it was devastating for them . Looking back , it made her a bit of a shut-in , she said . She avoided going out or engaging neighbors for fear of having to explain herself . But by the time she reached 55 , she was over it , she said , and she hopes the world is kinder to Maxwell Drew . Otherwise , the best advice she can offer is to stick it out and stick close to people who are nice . "  I 've made it this far . What am I going to do , change my name ? What would people who 've known me all my life call me ? " said Howell , now 67 . "  I came in with it , I 'm going out with it . " One benefit is that people rarely forget her name , she said , a common sentiment from those whose names defy societal norms . It might have been the worst thing ever as a child , but many say they have persevered and developed a thicker skin because of it . Some have even managed to embrace their traitorous names as a badge of honor that has shaped who they are . "  It has helped me understand and appreciate that we are who we are and not what we are called or named , " said Kim Manlove , who shared his story on iReport . The 60-year-old "  decidedly heterosexual " male has experienced a fair share of taunts over the years . As a child , his last name was the bigger problem with "  you must love men " being a common , if unimaginative refrain . As an adult , his first name tripped up people who assumed it must be short for Kimber or Kimball . And , he still ca n't get those callers looking for breast cancer research volunteers to take his name off the list , he said . "  Despite a lifetime of teasing , snide comments and the occasional unwelcome advance , having the name Kim Manlove has helped instill in me a certain amount of humility and compassion . Compassion for others who through no fault or choice of their own may bear some disability or mark , seen or unseen , that draws the unwanted attention of others whose ignorance or prejudice leads them to make some hurtful or stigmatizing remark or gesture . " A snide remark from a customer service rep once caught iReporter Ryan Babarsky off guard at the pet store . Being accustomed to the drill , she obliged when he asked to see her credit card to look up her rewards number . But she did n't have a response to his question , "  Did your parents want you to be a boy ? " "  I 'm not going to stand in the store and yell at somebody because they 're narrow-minded , " the 26-year-old business analyst said . "  I share stories on my blog and tell my fiancÃ © , just to have someone to confide in . " Otherwise , she feels her name suits her . As a child she was a bit of a tomboy and people seemed to give her a pass because she had a boy 's name , she said . As an adult , she enjoys standing out without really having to try , and would n't dream of changing her name . "  I 've learned a lot about people and expectations , " she said . "  You 'd think in 2012 that people would be open about gender and names ... but apparently people still have special ideas about what names mean and who they belong to . "	iReporters share stories of living with names associated with different race , gender Playground bullies would ask Michael Howell 's children why their mother had a sex change Kim Manlove says being teased for his name taught him compassion for others "  People still have special ideas about what names mean , " female Ryan Babarsky says
CNN  -- In trendy neighborhoods of Tokyo customers are lining up for vitamin injections that promise to improve health and beauty . These intravenous vitamin "  drips " are part of the latest quick-fix , health fad catching on in Japan : the IV cafe . Each drip pack contains saline solution and specific vitamins and minerals to target a particular health ailment or beauty concern . "  I used to take vitamin supplements , but changed to the IV drip because I feel the effects more quickly , " a 20-something woman at the Tenteki 10 Café told CNN . She said she receives specific injections to get better skin , burn fat and boost her energy . There are 10 different varieties to choose from at Tenteki . The "  orange " variety touts anti-aging properties , loaded with antioxidants . The "  placenta pack " is said to help rejuvenate and ease muscle stiffness . Prices range from $ 20 to $ 30 per injection , and nurses see about 30 to 40 people each day . Their most common patients are Japanese businessmen who work in the same office building . "  I see a lot of businessmen who say they do n't have time to sleep . They ca n't take a break from working and get the vitamin drip for an extra kick of energy , " a Tenteki nurse told CNN . "  Blue " is the most requested vitamin pack among these men : a concoction of B1 and vitamin E that claims to offer relief from exhaustion . Registered nurses and doctors administer the drips at Tenteki , but there 's no conclusive medical evidence to back up the health claims . Many nutritionists actually caution against using injectable vitamin supplements because the quantities are not regulated . "  More is not necessarily better ... some vitamins and minerals can be toxic in high doses , " particularly the fat-soluble ones which the body stores like Vitamins A , D , E and K , explained Claire Williamson , Nutrition Scientist at the British Nutrition Foundation . In Europe and the United States vitamin shots are popular among celebrities with hectic lifestyles and little time to sleep , particularly vitamin B 12 . Former Spice Girl Geri Halliwell and singer Robbie Williams have both confirmed they 've used the shots as part of their diets to maintain stamina during tours . Dermatological injections of Vitamin C are also popular among women hoping to keep their skin looking young . Former supermodel Cindy Crawford has admitted using such injections to keep her skin firm and wrinkle-free . According to Williamson , it does not matter if supplements are injected into the vein or into the skin . "  At the end of the day it will go into the blood stream , " she said . Most of these nutrients we can get sufficient from foods , nutrients tend to be better absorbed by the body if they are consumed in foods . "	Intravenous vitamin boosts are the latest health fad in Japan Vitamin injections target specific health aliments and beauty concerns Nutritionists warn of vitamin overdose from high quantities of supplements Vitamin injections are popular among celebrities and businessmen for fatigue
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- The number of children sickened by suspected melamine-tainted milk products in China has more than doubled and apparently spread beyond mainland China -- raising fears that the impact of the tainted products could be more widespread that initially thought . China 's Health Ministry announced Sunday that 12,892 infants and young children have been sickened by tainted milk powder -- more than double the number previously reported -- according to state-run Xinhua news agency . Of these , 104 have serious symptoms , and 1,579 have been cured and discharged , the agency said . Previously , Chinese officials said more than 6,200 children had been sickened by melamine found in baby formula . At least four children have died . Xinhua reported the first death from from the toxin on September 12 . In addition , nearly 40,000 other infants and young children have received outpatient medical treatment and consultation as a result of the tainted milk , Xinhua reported on Sunday . Watch CNN visit the company at the center of the scandal " The latest statistics from mainland China come after Hong Kong reported late Saturday that a 3-year-old girl has been sickened by a suspected melamine-tainted milk product -- the first known illness outside of mainland China . The child in Hong Kong was diagnosed with a kidney stone at Princess Margaret Hospital , the government reported , citing a hospital statement . Although tests are still ongoing , her illness is suspected to be linked to consuming milk products containing melamine , the hospital statement said . The child has been released , and her condition will be monitored , it said . Meanwhile , Hong Kong 's Center for Food Safety announced Sunday that a sample of Nestle Dairy Farm Pure Milk , sold in one-liter packs for catering use only , had tested positive for melamine . But the Swiss company said in a news release it is "  confident " none of its milk products made in China contains the chemical . The officials asked that retail sales of the milk for catering be halted , and that Nestle recall the product . "  The level of melamine detected in the Nestle sample was 1.4 ppm  parts per million  , which the center believed is low . However , small children should not consume the product , " the center said . Learn more about the chemical melamine " The other 64 samples were free from the toxic substance , according to the Hong Kong government Web site . In a news release on its Web site , Nestle did not address the report regarding its Dairy Farm Pure Milk , but it disputed press reports that -- according to Nestle -- said melamine was found in its powdered toddler milk formula , NESLAC Gold 1 + , designed for children ages 1 to 3 . "  Following press reports in Hong Kong earlier today claiming that traces of melamine had been found in a Nestle growing up milk , Nestle is confident that none of its products in China is made from milk adulterated with melamine , " the company said . "  The Hong Kong Government 's Food and Environmental Health Department has just released a report declaring that NESLAC Gold 1 + , which was mentioned in the media reports , is safe and that no melamine was detected in the product , " Nestle said . The company , based in Vevey , Switzerland , said NESLAC Gold 1 + also was tested by at least two government-approved , independent laboratories , and none of them detected melamine in the mixture . "  Over 70 different tests are routinely conducted in the course of producing infant formula and other milk products , " Nestle said . "  In fact , the Chinese authorities have issued official certificates for all tested Nestle products stating that no melamine has been detected in any of them . " Nestle noted that "  melamine is found throughout the food chain across the world in minute traces which do not represent any health risk for consumers . " It noted that a 3-year-old would have to consume over 40 liters of milk that contained 2 ppm of melamine to exceed internationally recognized safety limits , which vary by country . Melamine is commonly used in coatings and laminates , wood adhesives , fabric coatings , ceiling tiles and flame retardants . It has shown up in testing done on milk and yogurt , prompting at least two supermarket chains in Hong Kong to pull dairy products by Mengniu and Yili from store shelves , representatives from the companies told CNN Friday . Health experts say ingesting melamine can lead to kidney stones , urinary tract ulcers , and eye and skin irritation . The Chinese State Administration of Quality Supervision , Inspection and Quarantine said the amount of the chemical found in the milk would not cause ill effects in adults who drank less than two liters a day . More than 18 people have been arrested in the contaminant cases . Melamine is the same industrial contaminant from China that poisoned and killed thousands of U.S. dogs and cats last year . The chemical , a byproduct of plastic manufacturing , can be used to mimic high-protein additives .	NEW : Four infants dead , 12,892 sick after drinking baby formula NEW : Hong Kong girl , 3 , first case outside mainland China , released from hospital Nestle says none of its products in China is made from milk with melamine Hong Kong government says melamine found in Chinese-made Nestle milk powder
CNN Student News  -- September 4 , 2013 As the U.S. government debates taking action against Syria , CNN Student News identifies some of the key players involved in the discussion . We also report on a virus that 's affecting dolphins along the U.S. coast , and we break down a battle in the world of smartphone market control . Plus , the latest CNN Student News Viewfinder offers some students ' ideas on the biggest challenges facing teens today . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : Do televised , congressional hearings regarding events in Syria have an influence on U.S. public opinion ? If so , how ? If not , why not ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . congressional leaders 2 . Cetacea 3 . smartphone market Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . Who are the leaders of the U.S. House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate ? 2 . What has caused a recent outbreak of dolphin deaths in the Atlantic Ocean ? 3 . What cell phone company is Microsoft buying for more than $ 7 billion ? Discussion Questions : 1 . Why do you think President Obama decided to seek congressional authorization for a U.S. military strike against Syria ? How might the different perspectives of the officials outlined in today 's show affect how Congress responds ? Explain . 2 . What benefits and challenges might come along with Microsoft 's decision to buy a cell phone manufacturer ? If you were to buy a smartphone , what factors would influence your selection ? 3 . What was your reaction to the challenges mentioned by the young people in today 's program ? What are some challenges you 've faced in your life ? How did you handle them ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Asia Syria Europe Rotterdam , Netherlands FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
EW.com  -- You know you 've reached the summer box office doldrums when not a single new wide release is able to break $ 7 million over the Friday-to-Sunday period . Such was the case this weekend , when the top 12 movies grossed a cumulative $ 83.4 million , which makes this the least attended frame at the box office since December 9-11 , 2011 , when the top 12 films earned just $ 67.8 million . Once again , "  The Expendables 2 " led the chart , dropping 53 percent from its opening frame to $ 13.5 million -- the lowest total for a No. 1 movie since that aforementioned December frame when "  New Year 's Eve " topped the chart with a sad $ 13.0 million . After 10 days , "  The Expendables 2 , " which carries a reported $ 100 million budget , has grossed $ 52.3 million and is running well behind the total of the original "  Expendables , " which had grossed $ 65.4 million at the same point in its run . The Lionsgate action entry may finish with just under $ 80 million . In second place , Universal 's $ 125 million sequel "  The Bourne Legacy " slid by 46 percent in its third weekend to $ 9.3 million , which lifted its total to $ 85.5 million . The spy thriller , which has Jeremy Renner taking over leading man duties from Matt Damon , will not be able to match the $ 121.7 million domestic cume of the original "  Bourne Identity , " which debuted in June 2002 . Legacy looks like it will have to settle for about $ 105 million . Focus Features ' "  ParaNorman " finished in third place with $ 8.6 million . The creepy stop-motion ` toon dipped 39 percent and has now earned $ 28.3 million after two weekends . The 2009 flick "  Coraline , " which , like "  ParaNorman , " was also produced by Laika Entertainment , had earned $ 35 million at the same point in its run , and that film finished with $ 75.3 million domestically . "  ParaNorman , " for which Focus did not provide budget information  though it likely cost about the same as Coraline â $ " $ 60 million  may climb to about $ 60-65 million . ` New Normal ' : Utah station wo n't air it Warner Bros. ' political comedy "  The Campaign " held solid in its third weekend , declining 43 percent to $ 7.4 million . The Will Ferrell/Zack Galifinakis collaboration has earned $ 64.5 million total . Two other holdovers finished close behind . "  The Dark Knight Rises " fell 35 percent to $ 7.2 million , which lifts its total to $ 422.2 million . It will surpass "  The Lion King " to become the tenth highest-grossing film of all time this week . Close behind this week , "  The Odd Life of Timothy Green " dropped 34 percent to $ 7.1 million , giving Disney 's $ 25 million family drama a 12-day total of $ 27.1 million . Way back in seventh place was the first of this weekend 's new releases , the Joseph Gordon-Levitt bike messenger thriller "  Premium Rush , " which could only pedal $ 6.3 million worth of tickets from 2,225 theaters . Sony 's $ 32 million action film , which was moved from January to August late last year earned a "  B " CinemaScore grade . The misfire still did better than its fellow newcomers . Open Road 's aggressively marketed comedy "  Hit & Run , " which stars Kristen Bell , Dax Shepard , and Bradley Cooper , bombed in tenth place with $ 4.7 million from a whopping 2,870 theaters . Audiences issued the film a dismal "  C + " CinemaScore grade . Warner Bros. ' $ 17 million horror entry "  The Apparition " found just $ 3 million  enough for 12th place  despite the presence of two mega-franchise stars : "  Twilight 's " Ashley Greene and Harry Potter 's Tom Felton . This performance was expected , as the film was given almost no promotion and played in only 810 theaters . On a frame filled with lackluster holdovers and fizzling newcomers , the biggest story this weekend is certainly the breakout performance of conservative documentary "  2016 : Obama 's America , " which expanded from 169 to 1,091 theaters and grossed an impressive $ 6.2 million -- a 401 percent increase from its previous frame . Neil Armstrong : Celeb tributes on Twitter The $ 2.5 million indie , distributed by Rocky Mountain Pictures , has enjoyed increasing per theater averages over the last two weekends  read a more in-depth analysis about the film here  , and although its per theater average decreased slightly from $ 7,365 to $ 5,718 this weekend  this was all but expected given the massive jump in theaters  , it still notched the highest per theater average in the Top 20 . "  2016 " has earned $ 9.1 million after seven weekends , making it the highest grossing conservative documentary ever , above "  Expelled : No Intelligence Allowed , " which grossed $ 7.7 million in 2008 . While the film has already earned more than most documentaries could ever dream of earning  Weintein 's much-publicized doc Bully grossed $ 3.5 million  , its gross does n't yet compare to Michael Moore 's liberal doc "  Fahrenheit 9/11 , " which grossed $ 119.2 million in 2004 , George W. Bush 's re-election year . Keep in mind that film had a major studio  Lionsgate  and marketing campaign behind it , and it opened in 868 theaters . 2016 opened in one theater -- in Houston -- and had to rely on word-of-mouth and talk radio promotions before its national ad campaign kicked off two weeks ago . With the Republican National Convention right around the corner , and the heightened awareness that "  2016 's " box office performance this weekend will bring , it 's likely that the anti-Obama documentary will stick around at the box office as word-of-mouth about its existence continues to spread . While it would be downright shocking for the film to climb as high as "  Fahrenheit 9/11 " -- and , to be clear , I think that scenario is very unlikely -- at this point , there 's no telling how much it will earn . Stay tuned . Two other tidbits : Last weekend 's runner-up , "  Sparkle , " plummeted 64 percent to 11th place with $ 4.2 million . After 10 days , the Whitney Houston drama has grossed a paltry $ 18.9 million . In limited release , Mike Birbiglia 's "  Sleepwalk With Me " broke the house record at the IFC Center , pulling in $ 65,000 . A press release for the film boasts that this is a "  Record Breaking Opening Weekend . " What record did it break , you ask ? According to the release , the film scored "  the highest per-screen debut for an American non-animated film from a first-time filmmaker . " Of course . 1 . The Expendables 2 -- $ 13.5 million 2 . The Bourne Legacy -- $ 9.3 million 3 . ParaNorman -- $ 8.6 million 4 . The Campaign -- $ 7.4 million 5 . The Dark Knight Rises -- $ 7.2 million 6 . The Odd Life of Timothy Green -- $ 7.1 million 7 . Premium Rush -- $ 6.3 million 8 . 2016 : Obama 's America -- $ 6.2 million 9 . Hope Springs -- $ 6.0 million 10 . Hit and Run -- $ 4.7 million 11 . Sparkle -- $ 4.2 million 12 . The Apparition -- $ 3.0 million See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Expendables 2 " led the chart , dropping 53 percent from its opening frame to $ 13.5 million Universal 's $ 125 million sequel "  The Bourne Legacy " slid by 46 percent in its third week Focus Features ' "  ParaNorman " finished in third place with $ 8.6 million
Front Royal , Virginia  CNN  -- The young cheetahs chirped as a veterinarian gave them a quick but thorough checkup at the Smithsonian Conservation Biology Institute . "  People always expect them to sound like scary carnivores , but they sound more like little birds , " Luis Padilla said . The two cheetahs had been separated from their mother so they could be vaccinated , weighed and swabbed for DNA . While both cubs are attached to their mother , only one can truly call her mom . Zoologists at the Smithsonian National Zoo have cross-fostered a cheetah cub , persuading a female cheetah to become a foster mom to an at-risk cub . Cross-fostering cheetah cubs is rare , having been done six times within the North American captive cheetah population . Single-cub cheetahs are usually at risk because their mothers do n't produce enough milk . After two cubs were born to different mothers at the zoo , officials decided to have one mom tend to both to ensure their chance of survival . The male cub was born first in December to first-time mother Amani . "  A cheetah female ca n't produce enough milk for just one cub because a single cub wo n't stimulate mom enough to keep producing milk , " cheetah biologist Adrienne Crosier said . "  We hand-raised the first cub for about 13 days . " When another singleton female cub was born to 9-year-old Zazi , the zoo biologists decided to sneak the first cub in with the second and see if Zazi would raise both as her own . They took steps to transfer the smell of one cub to the other by doing things such as rubbing them together . Then they put the two cubs in a box together and let Zazi in . The big cat immediately went to the cub that was n't naturally hers . "  She picked him up , she immediately started grooming him . And then laid down in the nest box with him , and it took about 20 to 30 minutes before she realized that there were two cubs in there with her , " Crosier said . Zazi has since proven to be a model mother . Within an hour , she was feeding and grooming both . Cheetahs are considered to be vulnerable on the World Conservation Union 's Red List of Threatened Animals . Researchers estimate that there are 7,000 to 12,000 cheetahs in the world , down from about 100,000 at the beginning of the 20th century . "  Hey buddy , nice teeth , " Padilla told the young male as he took a look in his mouth and swabbed a sample for DNA testing . The female let out a loud chirp as the veterinarian tried to swab her mouth . "  She 's getting a little worked up , " Padilla said . Biologists are not sure who the real father of the little girl is , hence the DNA testing . "  Last year , we had our new young male coalition , and we wanted to literally teach them about female cheetahs and how to breed because they were very young and inexperienced , " Crosier said . "  It 's always a good management tool to put experienced cats with inexperienced cats . So we were training our younger males with that older experienced female , and she actually bred two of the boys in one day . So we are not sure which of the boys fathered the second cub . " Crosier pointed out that genetics will determine the future of the cubs . They 'll stay with Zazi for another year , but they will likely get a breeding recommendation and go to other breeding centers .	Zoologists at the Smithsonian National Zoo cross-foster a cheetah cub They persuaded a female cheetah to become a foster mom to an at-risk cub Researchers estimate there are 7,000 to 12,000 cheetahs in the world
CNN  -- For 585 days , Swiss adventurer Raphael Domjan braved storms , pirates and cloudy skies in an attempt to circumnavigate the globe on a boat propelled by nothing but sun beams . The boat , christened "  Turanor " after a word meaning "  power of the sun " in JRR Tolkein 's "  Lord of the Rings " trilogy , is Domjan 's brainchild . As heavy as a whale and 30 meters long , it 's adorned with enough photovoltaic panels to cover two tennis courts . After eight years of fundraising , 64,000 hours of construction , and 19 months at sea , the "  Turanor " made history on May 6 , when it cruised into Port Hercules , Monaco , completing the first ever round-the-world journey by a solar-powered vessel . From the coast of Miami to the shores of Mumbai , Domjan and his four-man crew visited 28 countries on a voyage designed to showcase the practical applications of solar energy . "  The aim of this journey was to show the world that this technology is not science fiction , it is very real and it can help us change how we do things now rather than in the future , " said Domjan . "  Everywhere we went people would flock around the boat . They had never seen such a strange design before , " he added . But for the 40-year-old skipper , whose youth was spent wading through pages of adventure books , the voyage was also a fruition of boyhood aspirations . "  I remember sitting on my grandfather 's knee listening to him reading ` Around the world in 80 days ' by Jules Verne . It made me want to go out and explore just like Phileas Fogg , " recalled Domjan . Read related : When superyacht chic meets hybrid technology As a young man growing up in Switzerland , Domjan developed his penchant for the unknown by exploring nearby caves . He then trained to become a mountain guide and a rescue specialist in hazardous environments . This preparation would prove invaluable during the more perilous parts of his journey . On numerous occasions the boat had to endure winds of up to 100 kilometers an hour as it was rocked by storms off the Australian and Vietnamese coasts . "  We faced some really rough weather , but the boat always operated well during those times , even better than we expected , " he said . In fact , Domjan says that the most serious threat came not from Mother Nature , but from fellow man . While crossing the Gulf of Aden -- a waterway in the Arabian Sea notorious for kidnapping and hijacking -- Domjan faced little choice but to recruit six French soldiers for protection . "  Normally ships speed up to 15 or 20 knots when crossing this area but we could n't go faster than five knots , " said Domjan . Indeed , one of "  Turanor 's " comparative limitations is its snail-like pace . It has a maximum speed less than that of a large oil-tanker , just 7.5 knots  14 kilometers an hour  . Fortunately for Domjan and his crew , no pirates attempted to confront the muscle-bound French commandos or the unusual looking boat . It would have certainly made a rare and impressive bounty . The $ 16 million vessel not only boasts 536 square-meters of shiny photovoltaic panels , but also the world 's largest rechargeable lithium battery -- capable of storing enough power to allow the "  Turanor " to travel for five full days without sunlight . "  Most people think that if the sun does n't shine the boat would n't work , but it is impossible to sail for one year and only have good weather . The beauty is that you never get nothing from the sun , she is always giving us energy . Not once did we run out of power , " boasted Domjan . The ship 's captain has reason to be proud . Having completed the 50,000 kilometer journey , the "  Turanor " returns with five Guinness World Records to its name : Longest solar journey ; first solar circumnavigation ; fastest solar crossing of the South China Sea ; fastest solar crossing of the Atlantic and - no surprises here -- a record for the world 's largest solar-powered boat . Read more from Mainsail : The boat that Hendrix 's guitar built Domjan concedes that that the "  Turanor " and its crew have little competition in these categories , but hopes this wo n't be the case for long . "  I really hope our journey will make people realize the sheer power of solar energy and that it can be used efficiently for long-haul travel , " he said . Now back in Europe , Domjan is taking some time off to recharge his own batteries , before getting back to work , thinking of new ways to spread the solar power message to the world .	The "  MS Turanor " is the first solar powered boat to sail around the world The circumnavigation took 585 days to complete The boat 's top speed is 7.5 knots - about that of an oil tanker The "  Turanor " set five Guinness World Records during its voyage
EW.com  -- In a move that seems fitting , "  Glee " star Amber Riley is taking her pipes to the Great White Way : The actress will join the cast of Duke Ellington 's "  Cotton Club Parade , " which will return to New York City Center for a just a few dates , from November 14-18 , as a part of the city 's annual Encores ! series . The role marks the New York stage debut for Riley . "  Cotton Club Parade " is a revue-style show that celebrates Ellington 's reign at the famed Harlem nightclub through the '20s and '30s . The stage show is just like the shows that were in the club during its heydey , including singers , dancers , and variety acts , with songs by famed jazz composers like Jimmy McHugh and Dorothy Fields  "  I Ca n't Give You Anything But Love "  , Harold Arlen  "  Stormy Weather "  , and , naturally , Ellington  "  Rockin ' in Rhythm "  . The show opened at City Center last November for a short , six-performance run . "  Cotton Club Parade " will again be directed and choreographed by Warren Carlyle , with music direction by Wynton Marsalis . The rest of the cast includes past stars like Tony-nominee Brandon Victor Dixon  "  The Color Purple "  , Jared Grimes  "  Twist "  , and Tony-winner Adriane Lenox  "  Doubt "  . See full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Amber Riley will make her debut on Broadway in November "  Cotton Club Parade " celebrates Duke Ellington 's reign at the famed Harlem nightclub The rest of the cast includes past stars like Tony-nominee Brandon Victor Dixon , Jared Grimes , and Adriane Lenox
CNN  -- The deadliest Ebola outbreak in history continues to plague West Africa as leaders scramble to stop the virus from spreading . Over the weekend , Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf closed most of the country 's borders . The few points of entry that are still open will have Ebola testing centers and will implement preventive measures , she said . The president also placed restrictions on public gatherings and ordered hotels , restaurants and other entertainment venues to play a five-minute video on Ebola safety . "  No doubt the Ebola virus is a national health problem , " Sirleaf said . "  It attacks our way of life , with serious economic and social consequences . As such we are compelled to bring the totality of our national resolve to fight this scourge . " As of July 20 , the World Health Organization had confirmed 224 cases of Ebola in Liberia , including 127 deaths . Overall , Ebola has killed at least 660 people in West Africa . There were 45 new cases reported in the region between July 18 and July 20 . Ebola : Fast Facts Health officials are worried about the virus spreading to other countries in the region . This is the first such outbreak to hit West Africa . On Friday , a Liberian man with Ebola died in Lagos , Nigeria , Nigerian Health Minister Onyebuchi Chukwu said . Patrick Sawyer arrived at Lagos ' airport on July 20 and was isolated at a local hospital after exhibiting common Ebola symptoms . He told officials he had no direct contact with anyone who had the virus . Lagos State Health Commissioner Dr. Jide Idris said authorities are working to identify people who may have come in contact with the man on his flights . The process has been delayed , he said , because the airline has not provided the passenger lists for all three of the flights Sawyer took . Sawyer flew first to Ghana before he went to Togo and then switched planes to fly to Nigeria , according to the health commissioner . "  In collaboration with the Federal Ministry of Aviation , I 've also put into motion mechanisms to track down all contacts at high risk , " Idris said . The state department has identified 59 people so far who came into contact with the man . Twenty have been tested for Ebola . On Monday , Arik Air , one of Nigeria 's biggest airlines , suspended operations into the country 's capital , Monrovia , and another city called Freetown , according to AllAfrica.com . It is unlikely the virus would spread on a plane unless a passenger were to come into contact with a sick person 's bodily fluids , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Meanwhile , American health care workers helping to fight this deadly disease abroad have put themselves at risk . Dr. Kent Brantly , a 33-year-old Indianapolis resident , had been treating Ebola patients in Monrovia when he started to feel sick . Brantly works with Samaritan 's Purse , a Christian international relief agency founded by evangelists Franklin Graham and Robert Pierce . He has been the medical director for the Ebola Consolidated Case Management Center in Monrovia and has been working to help Ebola patients since October . Deadliest ever outbreak : what you need to know "  When the Ebola outbreak hit , he took on responsibilities with our Ebola direct clinical treatment response , but he was serving in a missionary hospital in Liberia prior to his work with Ebola patients , " said Melissa Strickland , a spokeswoman for the organization . After testing positive for Ebola , he went into treatment at a Samaritan 's Purse isolation center at ELWA Hospital in Paynesville City , Monrovia . His condition is rapidly deteriorating and Samaritan 's Purse has been working to evacuate him for better care , but Liberia is not allowing the evacuation , according to Samaritan 's Purse vice president of international relief , Ken Isaacs . The reason for the delay is unclear . The CDC said the doctor 's family had been with him , but left for the United States before he became symptomatic ; as such it is highly unlikely that they caught the virus from him . Out of an abundance of caution they are on a 21-day fever watch , the CDC said . Another American working with Samaritan 's Purse has also been infected . Nancy Writebol from Charlotte , North Carolina , works with Serving in Mission , or SIM . She and her husband used to work with orphans and other children who struggle with poverty-related issues but expanded their efforts to take on the complex medical problems in Monrovia . She had teamed up with the staff from Samaritan 's Purse to help fight the Ebola outbreak in Monrovia when she got sick . She , too , is undergoing treatment . A spokesperson for Samaritan 's Purse said there have been riots outside the clinic . Another doctor who has played a key role in fighting the outbreak in Sierra Leone , Dr. Sheik Humarr Kahn , is sick . He is being treated by the French aid group Medecins Sans Frontieres -- also known as Doctors Without Borders -- in Kailahun , Sierra Leone , according to a representative of that agency . Kahn had been overseeing treatment of Ebola patients in isolation units at Kenema Government Hospital , which is about 185 miles  298 kilometers  east of the capital , Freetown . Sierra Leone 's minister of health and sanitation called the doctor a national hero for the sacrifices he has made in trying to stop the outbreak . Doctors and medical staff are particularly vulnerable to the virus because it spreads through exposure to bodily fluids from the infected . It can also spread through contact with an object contaminated by an infected person 's bodily fluids . The disease is not contagious until symptoms appear . Symptoms of Ebola include fever , fatigue and headaches . They can appear two to 21 days after infection , meaning many who are sick do n't know it . The early symptoms then can progress to vomiting , diarrhea , impaired kidney and liver function , and sometimes internal and external bleeding . Leaders in the international health community characterize the Ebola epidemic as the "  deadliest ever . " While the World Health Organization has mobilized to fight the epidemic , it can be a difficult one to stop . It is so highly infectious that it typically kills 90 % of those who catch it . The death rate in this particular outbreak had dropped to roughly 60 % since it has been treated early in many cases . There is , however , no Ebola vaccination . Is it time to test experimental vaccines ? With the announcement that Liberia is closing its borders , the country also instituted a new travel policy to inspect and test all outgoing and incoming passengers . The hope is that such measures will stop the spread of the virus . There has never been a confirmed case of Ebola spreading to a developed country , said Kamiliny Kalahne , an epidemiologist with Doctors Without Borders . "  This is because people generally transmit the infection when they are very sick , have a high fever and a lot of symptoms -- and in these situations , they do n't travel . "  And even if they do get sick once they travel to a developed country , they will be in a good hospital with good infection control , so they are very unlikely to infect others , " she said . "  This is not the great plague , " CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta said after his trip to the region in the spring . "  But it is a pretty formidable killer . " "  The grim reality is it often kills so quickly , people do n't have time to spread it . " The CDC held a media briefing Monday to emphasize the fact that there is "  no significant risk in the U.S. " for an Ebola outbreak . CDC officials said with the spread of Ebola to U.S. health care workers , there is a real need for "  vigilance " to make sure workers are careful , get tested if there is any suspicion of illness , and that all sick travelers should remain isolated when returning from areas affected directly by the epidemic . Stephan Monroe , CDC 's deputy director of the National Center for Emerging & Zoonotic Infectious Diseases , said the CDC is working with American health care providers to educate them about Ebola . The agency sent a notice Monday to remind doctors to take important steps to avoid the spread of the illness , including asking their patients about their travel history , particularly if they have traveled to West Africa in the last three weeks . Watch : Dr. Gupta dispels Ebola myths	Aid organization trying to evacuate doctor infected with Ebola Liberia closes its borders to stop Ebola from spreading This is the deadliest outbreak in the history of the disease
Los Angeles  CNN  Whatever it was doing up in space , we may never know , but the U.S. Air Force 's unmanned X-37B space plane returned to Earth this week , with still no details from the military on the nearly two-year mission . "  The X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle mission 3  OTV-3  , " as the military calls it , touched down at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California on Friday morning after conducting experiments in orbit for 674 days , the military said . Conspiracy theorists endlessly conjecture on what the Pentagon is doing with "  the newest and most advanced re-entry spacecraft . " The Air Force 's two vehicles resemble small space shuttles , and have now logged a combined 1,367 days in space , the military said . In the latest mission , the X-37B lifted off from Cape Canaveral in Florida on December 11 , 2012 . At the time , the Air Force said its mission would last about nine months . The military has spoken only in generalities about the spacecraft and its mission . "  Technologies being tested in the program include advanced guidance , navigation and control , thermal protection systems , avionics , high temperature structures and seals , conformal reusable insulation , lightweight electromechanical flight systems , and autonomous orbital flight , re-entry and landing , " an Air Force statement said . Theorists speculate the spacecraft is a space bomber , a spy plane against such targets as the Chinese space station , or merely an experiment as the government states , according to a Popular Mechanics story in 2012 . The previous mission of the X-37B , which landed at Vandenberg on June 16 , 2012 , lasted 469 days , according to the Air Force . That mission was flown by the second of the orbiters . The latest mission is the second for the first of the orbiters , which was refurbished after it spent 224 days in orbit following an April 2010 launch . When the latest mission launched , the Air Force said it might not be the last . "  Officials anticipate multiple missions will be required to satisfy the test program objectives , but the exact number of missions has not been determined , " a statement said . The X-37B spacecraft is 29 feet , 3 inches long and 9 feet , 6 inches high with a wingspan of 14 feet and 11 inches . It weighs about 5.5 tons . It is lifted into space by United Launch Alliance 's Atlas V rockets . CNN 's Brad Lendon contributed to this report .	The X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle lands at Vandenberg Air Force Base It spent 674 days in orbit conducting experiments , military says The military has spoken only in generalities about the spacecraft Theorists speculate it 's a space bomber or a spy plane against China space station
Naypyidaw , Myanmar  CNN  -- Nobel peace prize laureate Aung San Suu Kyi is blunt and unapologetic . "  I want to run for president and I 'm quite frank about it , " she told a panel during the first day open discussion at the World Economic Forum in Myanmar on Thursday . "  If I pretended that I did n't want to be president , I would n't be honest and I would rather be honest with my people than otherwise . " Suu Kyi 's determination to drag her country free from the stifling restraint of an military regime is finally being realized more than two and a half years after her release from years of house arrest . However , two years into the presidency of Thein Sein , she says that the vast majority of Myanmar 's people are not seeing the benefits of reform . "  If you talk to the man on the street , if you talk to people in villages , the great majority of them would say that their lives have not changed since 2010 . " Suu Kyi criticizes two-child limit on Muslims in western Myanmar ` This is a transformation time ' Her assertion was backed by a number of people in the busy Bogalay Market in downtown Yangon . Win Shwe stood in a long coat at the market entrance , raising his hand every now and then as if to bless passersby . The 72-year-old was begging for a note or two of the local currency , the kyat "  This is a transformation time . But for poor people , nothing 's changed . The government mechanism is corruption , " he said . Sitting beside her daughter nearby at a flower stall , Khin Than Win , 52 , said : "  I agree that this is a transformation time . But I see that the streets and the roads are wider than before . That 's the only change . " People "  want to feel that they have been included in the process of change , " Suu Kyi told the panel . "  And that 's nothing to do with the number of cars that you now see in Rangoon  Yangon  or the number of magazines that you can buy because the vast majority of our people have no access to those . " Suu Kyi wins re-election as Myanmar opposition leader Suu Kyi : Amend constitution To clear the way for her presidency , Suu Kyi said the country 's constitution had to change . As it stands , the former political prisoner is ineligible to contest the presidency because of a clause that bans anyone with a foreign spouse or child . Suu Kyi 's late husband , Michael Aris , was English and her two sons have British passports . Asked whether she was reasonably optimistic that those changes would be made , Suu Kyi said , "  I do n't believe in indulging in optimism . Let me put it this way . I 've always said hope has to be backed up by endeavor . "  So , rather than being optimistic or hoping that the constitution will be amended we 're going to work for the constitution to be amended . " But while many see Suu Kyi as the country 's best chance for the future , she 's been criticized for not being vocal enough in defense of the rights of Rohingya Muslims in the western Rakhine State . Human Rights Watch has accused the Myanmar government of the "  systematic and wide ranging persecution " of the Rohingya who it also says have been the target of ethnic cleansing . Opinion : At last , a hero for democracy Minister : Change needs time Suu Kyi says she has been speaking out "  but it 's just that they 're not hearing what they want to hear from me . " "  I can not doctor my answers to please everybody . I have to say what I believe in . And I believe that the rule of law is the first step towards any kind of solution to the problem in Rakhine State and other parts of the country . " "  We must get to the point of reassessing the law to see if it comes up to international norms or not . " She added , "  I would like all of the world to understand that we are aware of the difficulties in our country and we 're doing our best to cope with it . When I say ` we , ' I 'm not talking about the government , I 'm talking about ordinary people in Burma . " A government minister also on the panel said he agreed that the constitution had to change , but stressed that decades of military rule had created binds that would take time to unravel . "  We need time . We are in the dark ages . The other system was in place about 60 years . We have an idea to arrange for everything we have to change , but we need time , " said Union Minister Soe Thane . "  We have to untie the rope . It 's very difficult but we must do it . We must think about the democracy . We must think of the economic development of 60 million people . " Suu Kyi : Peaceful freedom fighter	People want to feel included as Myanmar changes , Suu Kyi says She was speaking at the World Economic Forum She says the majority are not seeing the benefits of reform
CNN  -- Millions of BlackBerry users in Europe , the Middle East and Africa were reportedly without Web and texting service Monday because of an outage that BlackBerry maker Research in Motion said it was investigating . "  We apologize to any of our customers in Europe , Middle East & Africa still experiencing issues . We 'll bring you an update as soon as we can , " read the message from @blackberryhelp on Twitter . A statement provided by Research in Motion basically said the same thing . The company did not respond to CNN 's questions about the cause of the outage , the number of users affected or an estimate of when service would be restored . London 's The Telegraph was reporting that all of the affected areas are served by a data server in Slough in southern England . On its support Twitter feed , T-Mobile UK told customers the outage had knocked out service to "  everyone " in the affected area and that BlackBerry Messenger and Web service were "  having issues on all networks . " The network told customers it had not been given details about the cause of the outage , but that Research In Motion was looking in to it . Other carriers were telling customers much the same , saying the problem is on BlackBerry 's end . "  RIM has advised us that they 're working to resolve the issue as a matter of urgency , " a UK-based Vodafone spokesman told Dow Jones Newswires . The BlackBerry remains hugely popular throughout Europe and the Middle East , where many international business users prize the phones for their vaunted security features . British and European media were counting the number of people affected by Monday 's outage in the millions . In July , BlackBerry reported it had added 1 million customers in the Europe , Middle East and Africa market in less than three weeks .	BlackBerry customers in Europe , Africa , Middle East without service Outage affected Web and BlackBerry Messenger services Maker Research In Motion did not give details on what 's behind outage
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The story of a king overcoming a speech impediment to lead his people through World War II took top honors at the 83rd Annual Academy Awards . "  The King 's Speech " won the best picture , best actor , best director and best original screenplay Oscars at Hollywood 's Kodak Theatre Sunday night . The saga of how a college student created Facebook , which is now credited helping citizens overthrow their leader in the Mideast , lost out on the big awards , but "  The Social Network " did win Oscars for best musical score , film editing and best adapted screenplay . Natalie Portman , who played a ballet dancer in "  Black Swan , " was given the best actress Academy Award . Portman also won Golden Globe and SAG best actor trophies in recent weeks . When "  King 's Speech " director Tom Hooper accepted the best director Oscar , he noted that it was his mother who found the script for him . "  The moral of this story is listen to your mother , " Hooper said . "  King 's Speech " writer David Seidler pointed out that at 73 , he was the oldest person to ever win best original screenplay . "  My father always said to me I would be a late bloomer , " Seidler said , noting that at 73 he is the oldest winner ever in the category . "  I hope that record is broken quickly and often . " Colin Firth , who portrayed the stuttering King George VI in "  The King 's Speech , " completed his sweep of best actor honors with the Oscar win . "  I have a feeling my career has just peaked , " said Firth , who also won a Golden Globe and the SAG award . Christian Bale repeated his Golden Globe and SAG award wins by taking the best supporting actor Oscar for his role in "  The Fighter . " Melissa Leo , who played the mother and manager of two boxers in "  The Fighter , " completed her trifecta of major awards when 94-year-old Kirk Douglas handed her the best supporting actress Oscar . Leo also won Golden Globe and SAG best actress trophies . Douglas , who walked with a cane and spoke slowly with slurred speech , managed to upstage Leo with his humor , jokingly delaying reading what was in the envelope . His stand-up routine was rewarded with big laughs . Leo , whose acceptance speech included a censored expletive , used Douglas 's cane to walk off stage . "  Inception , " a film that explores the human mind and dreams , won four Academy Awards , including for cinematography , sound mixing , sound editing and visual effects . The film was also a best picture contender , although most of its eight nominations are in the technical categories . Two awards went to "  Toy Story 3 " for animated feature film and best original song . It is also a best picture contender . "  The Lost Thing " won for short animated film . "  True Grit , " based on the same book as the 1969 John Wayne film , failed to win in any of the 10 categories for which it was nominated . "  Alice in Wonderland , " which was not among the 10 best picture nominees , was rewarded Sunday night with two Oscars , for costume design and art direction . "  Inside Job , a film about the 2008 financial system meltdown , won the best feature documentary Oscar . Producer Charles Ferguson used his acceptance speech to say that "  not a single financial executive has gone to jail and that 's wrong . " The short documentary Oscar went to "  Strangers No More , a film about an Israeli school that includes students from 48 countries . The romantic comedy "  God of Love " won the live action short film Oscar . A Danish movie , "  In a Better World , " won the best foreign language film Academy Award . The Oscar for best makeup was given to "  The Wolfman . "	NEW : "  King 's Speech " wins best actor , picture , director and screenplay Oscars NEW : Colin Firth sweeps best actor honors Natalie Portman wins the best actress Oscar "  Inception " wins 4 Oscars
CNN  -- A leftist candidate won the Czech Republic 's first presidential election decided by direct vote . Milos Zeman , a former prime minister and head of the Citizens ' Rights Party , won with 54.8 % of the vote , according to the Czech News Agency . He defeated Karel Schwarzenberg , an aristocratic foreign minister with the TOP09 party , who garnered 45.2 % . Zeman replaces Vaclav Klaus , who must step down after serving the maximum of two terms . The main issues in the election were national security , anti-corruption measures , accession to the eurozone , appointment of judges and presidential pardons of convicts , according to the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe . Until 2012 , the parliament elected the president for a five-year term . After years of debate on the topic , fueled by allegations of corruption in the voting process , the constitution was amended a year ago to provide for direct presidential elections , according to the OSCE . In the 1990s , Zeman was Klaus ' only real rival on the political scene . Schwarzenberg was personally and professionally close to late President Vaclav Havel . The Czech presidency is a largely ceremonial post , though the president plays an important role in foreign policy and government formation , according to Sean Hanley , an analyst at University College London . Both Zeman and Schwarzenberg are Europhiles . Both were willing to contemplate a government dependent on Communist Party support , opening the way for likely Communist-Social Democrat cooperation in government after the next parliamentary elections in 2014 , Hanley said . CNN 's Per Nyberg , Richard Allen Greene and Joseph Netto contributed to this report .	Milos Zeman , a former prime minister , wins the Czech presidency He replaces Vaclav Klaus , who is term limited Analyst : Zeman is open to a government dependent on Communist Party support
CNN  -- Iran is not cooperating , making it difficult for the UN 's nuclear watchdog agency to provide "  credible assurance " that the country does n't possess undeclared nuclear material , the International Atomic Energy Agency Director General Yukiya Amano said Monday . Speaking to the IAEA 's board of governors , Amano said Iran should grant access "  without further delay " to the Parchin military complex , where the Islamic Republic is believed to have tested rockets . Since Iran has not provided such access to date , "  The Agency therefore can not conclude that all nuclear material in Iran is in peaceful activities , " Amano said . For about a decade , international observers have accused Iran of secretly pursuing a nuclear weapons program , which Iran consistently denies . Amano noted that Iran has recently begun installing IR-2m centrifuges at its fuel enrichment plant at Natanz , and that those high-speed devices that rotate to enrich uranium are more advanced than the previously-installed centrifuges . The IAEA board has been trying to negotiate cooperation from Iran for years . On Wednesday , diplomats from the so-called P5 +1 -- the six-nation diplomatic bloc consisting of the United States , France , Britain , Germany , China and Russia -- held secretive talks with Iranian representatives in Kazakhstan , and then announced future meetings on March 18 and April 5 . The Islamic Republic already faces sanctions from the United Nations Security Council for violating a U.N. resolution forbidding it from enriching uranium . But Iran says since it signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , it should be able to enrich uranium for peaceful energy needs . The IAEA was created in 1957 to promote "  safe , secure and peaceful nuclear technologies , " its website says . Among its endeavors , the agency tries to verify that countries correctly and completely account for their nuclear material and activities . The agency says as of December 31 , it had "  safeguards agreements in force " with 179 official countries , and Taiwan . CNN 's Jennifer Deaton and Ivan Watson contributed to this report	IAEA says Iran is not allowing proper inspections of its nuclear program The director 's report shows Iran has upgraded its uranium enrichment centrifuges Iran has rebuffed IAEA requests for years Several diplomats met with Iranians last week ; more meetings scheduled over next 5 weeks
Los Angeles  CNN  -- George Clooney and Meryl Streep appear to be main contenders in the 2012 Hollywood award season after Sunday night 's Golden Globes . But the winners of the best film drama actor honors face competition from a silent film star and an actress who brought Marilyn Monroe back to life . Clooney 's "  The Descendants " won for best drama film , while Clooney received the best actor in a drama film award . "  The Artist , " a black and white silent movie , was chosen best comedy or musical film , while its lead Jean Dujardin won best actor in a comedy or musical movie . The movie 's music also won for best original film score . The Globes set the stage for a Meryl Streep versus Michelle Williams best actress showdown at the Academy Awards in six weeks by handing both women best actress honors . Streep won the drama film best actress Globe for her portrayal of former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in "  Iron Lady , " while Williams carried home the comedy or musical film Globe for playing movie legend Marilyn Monroe in "  My Week With Marilyn . " Since the Globes separates dramas from comedies -- unlike the Academy Awards -- Williams , Streep , Clooney and Dujardin were not competing against each other in the 69th annual Golden Globes award show . "  Thank you to the Hollywood Foreign Press Association for putting in my hand the same award that Marilyn Monroe herself won over 50 years ago , " Williams said in her acceptance speech . Oscar nominations will be revealed later this month and the Academy Awards follows at the end of February . Other films expected to be Oscar contenders also got a share of the Globes spotlight . Woody Allen 's "  Midnight In Paris " lost out to "  The Artist , " but Allen did win for best film screenplay . The 3-D family movie "  Hugo " was also passed up , but Martin Scosese got the best director award for making the film . Who ruled the red carpet ? The civil rights-era movie "  The Help " claimed the best supporting actress award for Octavia Spencer . Spencer , who played a maid in the movie , quoted Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. in her acceptance : "  All labor that uplifts humanity has dignity and importance . " Although the "  Help " characters are fictional "  they represent scores of real people , " she said . "  The narrative itself is part of our fabric , " Spencer said backstage . "  It 's important to keep the younger generation abreast of how far we 've come , because this is really foreign to them . " Christopher Plummer won the Golden Globe for best supporting actor in a film for his role in "  Beginners . " Steven Spielberg 's "  The Adventures Of Tintin " won the Golden Globe for best animated feature film . The best foreign-language film honor was awarded to the Iranian film "  A Separation . " Pop icon Madonna took home a Golden Globe for writing the best original song in a movie . Her "  Masterpiece " was written for "  W.E. " She offered fitness advice to reporters backstage . "  The best thing for your bum is dancing , " the Material Girl said . Early in the broadcast , host Ricky Gervais took quick aim at the Hollywood Press Association , the group that hired him to perform hosting duties for a third year . Gervais , in his opening monologue , compared the Golden Globes to the Oscars , "  but without all that esteem . " The Globes are to the Oscars "  what Kim Kardashian is to Kate Middleton . A bit louder , a bit drunker and more easily bought , " he joked . The group of about 85 writers invited Gervais to host the telecast again this year despite -- or because of -- the controversy stirred last year by his take-no-prisoners jokes . Unlike the Oscars , the Globes also honors television shows with 11 categories . Showtime 's "  Homeland " was the only TV show to win two Globes . It won best drama series , while Claire Danes won the best actress in a drama series award . Kelsey Grammer 's Golden Globe may not be the biggest award given out Sunday night , but the actor may have been the happiest backstage where he revealed his wife is expecting twins . Grammer won for best actor in a television drama series for his role as a corrupt Chicago mayor in the Starz series "  Boss . " In the television comedy or musical series categories , ABC 's "  Modern Family " won best series , while Laura Dern won best actress for her work in HBO 's "  Enlightened " and Matt LeBlanc won best actor for Showtime 's "  Episodes . " PBS 's "  Downton Abbey " won for best made-for-TV movie or mini-series . Kate Winslet won the Golden Globe for best actress in a made-for-TV movie or mini-series for her role in HBO 's "  Mildred Pierce . " It was Winslet 's third Globe . She won two in 2009 , for "  Revolutionary Road " and "  The Reader . " Winslet was asked backstage her opinion of reports that Lindsay Lohan was in negotiations to portray the late Elizabeth Taylor in a film . "  I 'm not going to go there , dude , " Winslet said . "  It 's kind of a hot zone . " British actor Idris Elba won best actor in a made-for-TV movie or mini-series for "  Luther . " Backstage , he acknowledged that he 's talked to producers about possibly becoming the next James Bond . "  Of course , I would be honored to play the part if it comes along , " Elba said . The TV best supporting actor and actress awards went to Peter Dinklage for HBO 's "  Game of Thrones " and Jessica Lange in "  American Horror Story " on FX , respectively . Sidney Poitier led a tribute to actor Morgan Freeman , who was presented the Golden Globe 's "  Cecil B. DeMille Award . " "  You illuminate your presence , you infuse the characters you play with a real life three-dimensional aura , " Poitier said . "  You become the character , the character becomes you . So begins a process that captivates your audience . " Freeman , speaking backstage , said it was watching Poitier as a teenager that steered his path . "  Most of us need something to guide ourselves and Sidney has been my beacon , my guiding star , " he said . Click here for a full list of all of the winners .	"  The Artist " wins best comedy or musical film Meryl Streep is best actress in a drama film Jean Dujardin wins best actor in a comedy or musical movie for "  The Artist " Octavia Spencer wins best supporting actress in a film for "  The Help "
CNN  -- An abandoned car sits in the Mexican desert outside Juarez , Mexico , the doors and trunk wide open . Under a blanket in the trunk is a body . Hands tied together . A bullet in the head . This was freelance journalist Jeff Antebi 's introduction to the war between rival drug cartels in Juarez . The 40-year-old photographer , also known as the founder of the music company Waxploitation , traveled there to observe and document the violence that has gripped what many call the most deadly city in the Western Hemisphere . "  When I arrived in Juarez , " says Antebi , "  within an hour , over the police scanners , a body has been found . And maybe 30 minutes later , another body . "  And then another body . And by the end of the day , it was 10 . The next day , 10 . The next day , 10 . " More than 2,000 people have been murdered in Juarez so far this year , according to police . Just this week , two students from the University of Texas at El Paso were shot and killed there . The Mexican government estimates that as many as 28,000 people have been killed by the cartels since 2007 , when Mexican President Felipe Calderon declared war on the cartels . Army troops entered the fight , and the level of violence from the cartels escalated dramatically in response . "  The cartels kill indiscriminately , " says Antebi . He arrived on the scene last December , just in time for the Christmas season . In the past , he had photographed many places where people live in poverty and despair , from the Gypsy camps of Europe to the slums of Haiti and Brazil . But in Juarez , he says , there is a unique sense of dread . "  The average ordinary resident of Juarez , their life is in danger every day . " "  You just never know if some distant cousin , perhaps , has done something , and someone is exercising revenge on them by killing you , " he says . As a precaution , Antebi traveled with a local reporter familiar with the lay of the land . And he avoided being out on the streets at night . "  The cartels , " he says , "  own the night . " While visiting crime scenes throughout the city , Antebi discovered a chilling fact about police . "  Only in Juarez do the good guys wear masks . " Police officers routinely wear ski masks when out in public , or investigating crime scenes , to conceal their identities and protect the safety of their families . For that reason , Antebi says , he was careful to not photograph unmasked police officers . "  Those photos might be used to target law enforcement personnel when they are off duty . " There was another reason to be careful when photographing officers . "  You might be taking a photo of a policeman who is secretly working for a cartel , " Antebi says . "  That 's something that makes murder scenes so ominous . " Politicians are also at risk of becoming targets . This summer , Antebi returned to Juarez to photograph the national elections . Elections held amid conflict are of particular interest to Antebi . He has photographed elections in Afghanistan and Southern Thailand , among others . But Antebi says the violence of the Mexican election season was eye-opening . "  Two weeks before the elections , several candidates in the state of Chihuahua were assassinated . " And other politicians , says Antebi , received gruesome threats . "  The prime candidate for mayor of Juarez , " he says , "  had a severed head left on the front door of his house . " The result , according to Antebi , is that few politicians dare to openly challenge the cartels . Journalists are in danger as well . Mexico 's National Commission on Human Rights says 65 journalists have been murdered since 2000 . A recent front-page editorial in El Diario , the biggest daily paper in Juarez , has sparked national controversy . "  What do you want from us , " the editorial asks the cartels . "  You are currently the de facto authorities in this city . ... Tell us what you expect from us as a newspaper . " The editorial was published after the assassination of one of the newspaper 's photographers . Antebi says the government is trying to crack down on the cartels , and has arrested many key figures over the last two years . But he believes those efforts have only provoked even greater violence . "  It 's a very sad city to be in , " he says .	Journalist Jeff Antebi is documenting the drug cartel wars in Juarez , Mexico Antebi does not photograph unmasked policemen ; identifying them could get them killed The government says 28,000 people have been killed by the cartels since 2007 Antebi : "  The cartels kill indiscriminately "
Malibu , California  CNN  -- Many people are struggling just to provide the basics these days . The big question is , how do you find joy and fulfillment during lean holiday times like these ? For the answer , I look back upon the philosophy by which my mother , Mieke Frankenberg , led her life , through both its brightest and darkest hours . Her philosophy originated during World War II through her experiences as a prisoner of war in a Japanese concentration camp in Indonesia . She had lived in that country with an abusive husband , whom she left before the war broke out and the Japanese captured her . Through the bleakest times , she reached out to her fellow prisoners to provide them with comfort and care . The lack of medical supplies meant care was n't much more than holding someone 's hand or sharing some of her starvation rations . While not a nurse , she gave of herself and drew a sustaining love in return . Returning to England after the war , my mother remarried and started a family , which grew to include me and my two sisters . With the camp behind her , my mother 's philosophy remained to always keep an open heart . She volunteered with the Red Cross and regularly provided emotional support for friends . She found that when love flows with no boundaries from an open heart , love also finds its way back in . She gave and gave , and received love in return . This "  open heart " philosophy has sustained me , as well , through the most difficult of times , including a painful divorce about 20 years ago that left me near penniless . At that point in my life , I attended a fundraiser for ChildHelp USA . I donated some of the last money I had , and in return , I secured a session where an artist drew a picture of my two children at the time . At that sitting , the artist saw potential in some finger paintings I 'd made for my children and offered to give me free painting lessons . As I started painting , I discovered my emotional outlet . I began creating images of hearts that were always open , never closed . These hearts may have appeared unfinished in a way . But they brought me back to the lessons of my mother , a reminder to live as she lived -- openhearted . Soon , I changed from a frantic , terrified and angry person into someone who was able to let go of the past . I began to let other people into my life and to give back emotionally . Around that same time , I landed the TV role of "  Dr. Quinn , Medicine Woman " and was back on my feet . I now embody my mother 's belief that only when you can love yourself and keep your heart open can you best give and receive love . My family continues my mother 's tradition at Christmas , when we open our home to relatives , neighbors , my six children and even their friends -- extending our family to include those unable to head home for the holidays . Some years , there are as many as 50 people at the dinner table . Living with an open heart can be a path to rewarding holidays for many people this year , even if budgets tighten and troubles mount . The holiday table may be less bountiful . There may be fewer presents under the tree . But an open heart can bring a wealth of love , hope and inspiration . You might think these are shaping up to be your gloomiest holidays ever . But remember , as my mother taught me , someone is always worse off than you . Find a way to give , even if you 're in need yourself . Find the place where you can provide comfort , care or love . Volunteer at a food bank or a shelter . Reach out to elderly neighbors to find out how you might make their lives a little easier . By opening your heart to others , good things will come to you , too . With that approach , I hope you 'll find that 2009 could become the most fulfilling of holiday seasons . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jane Seymour .	Jane Seymour says her mother 's spirit of openheartedness is instructive in lean holiday times Her mother formed her philosophy while helping other POW 's in WWII , she says She says that open hearts allow love to flow freely between people Seymour : People should find a way to give , even if they are in need themselves
Los Angeles  CNN  -- With no new video game consoles announced during the Electronic Entertainment Expo , the talk this week has been about the myriad of gaming choices players are going to have . From titles with huge blockbuster potential to independent offerings , game designers have broadened their imaginations to bring exciting entertainment choices . Yet , some of the most interesting games from E3 this year have an air of familiarity about them , like seeing an old friend again in a new way . ` Destiny ' From the makers of "  Halo : Combat Evolved , " Bungie introduces a universe where mankind is on the precipice of extinction and the players are the last hope of fending off a menace determined to end the human race . Utilizing an open-world concept , "  Destiny " gives players the chance to explore a broken-down Earth with other players in single and cooperative missions . The game has some MMO elements built in , but the idea of exploring and charting your own course in a beautiful but deadly world is enticing . "  Destiny " is scheduled for release in September for the PlayStation 3 , PlayStation 4 , Xbox 360 and Xbox One . ` Evolve ' On its surface , "  Evolve " looks like a four-player cooperative game where the team seeks out and defeats fantastical monsters . The twist , however , is that boss monsters are also controlled by another player . This "  4 versus 1 " game mechanic encourages teamwork , planning and execution by the hunter players who try to kill the big baddie before they become the hunted . The player-character monsters are able to grow and evolve as the game progresses , giving them the opportunity to turn the tables on the other four . "  Evolve " is scheduled for release in October for the PS4 , XB1 and PC . ` Assassin 's Creed : Unity ' Set in turbulent 18th-century France , players are once again thrust into the role of an assassin charged with stopping the Templars , an ancient order bent on controlling the world . The seventh main title in the franchise now offers cooperative play , enabling three others from the Brotherhood of Assassins to join in your fight . Abilities and missions appear similar to past games , but the element of cooperative play creates the need for teamwork , strategy and some really cool moments . The group is still likely to be outnumbered in many of the quests , yet their unique abilities should get them through to the goal . "  Assassin 's Creed : Unity " is scheduled for release in October for the PS4 , XB1 and PC . ` Halo : The Master Chief Collection ' In preparation for the release of a new "  Halo " title next year , Microsoft is giving players a chance to relive or discover for the first time the genesis of one of the most iconic characters for the Xbox , the space marine known only as "  Master Chief . " "  Halo : The Master Chief Collection " puts all four major "  Halo " games together , remastered and playable in a seamless way to experience the franchise as one very long adventure . While the older games ' graphics have been updated , there is also the option to enjoy theme the way they were originally designed . That includes some of the unintentional bugs that players found and used to their advantage . The collection is jammed with maps , multiplayer options and iconic weapons , all aimed toward the "  Halo 5 : Guardians " title coming in 2015 . "  Halo : The Master Chief Collection " is scheduled for release in November exclusively for the Xbox One . ` LittleBigPlanet 3 ' A universe full of whimsy and imagination . Fantastical creatures of all shapes , sizes and abilities . Levels created by the brain power of millions of people around the world . Oh , and now you have friends . Sackboy is back in "  LittleBigPlanet 3 " from a new developer , Sumo Digital , and he 's brought some help to solve new challenging levels . Oddsock , Toggle and Swoop help as the well-known stuffed yarn boy makes his way through new multiplayer action spanning all 8.7 million user-generated levels in the Little Big Planet universe . "  LittleBigPlanet 3 " is scheduled for release this November exclusively for the PlayStation 4 . ` No Man 's Sky ' This entry from independent game company Hello Games puts players in a vast universe that game designers themselves have described as infinite . Huge beautiful worlds , where dinosaurs exist alongside modern technology , are at the player 's fingertips to explore . This science-fiction story is designed so that no two players will have the same experience even though they will be in the same universe . Every player starts on a different planet , making the potential unique gameplay nearly endless . "  No Man 's Sky " does not have an announced release date , but it is exclusive to the PS4 at launch , with Xbox and PC coming later . . ` Splatoon ' From the fantastic to the hilarious , "  Splatoon " lets you become a transformative squid , shooting ink and battling in 4 versus 4 territorial combat . The idea is to cover the battlefield in your team 's color while the opposing team tries to do the same . Switching from an ink-shooting person to a squid creature , players can quickly travel in the ink of their team to reach destinations quickly . It is competitive , but in a friendly way , as players race the clock toward victory . "  Splatoon " will be available in 2015 for the Nintendo Wii U. ` Super Smash Bros. ' Pac-Man joins an all-star cast in the new competitive fighting game , "  Super Smash Bros. " Like others in the series , players can choose from iconic video game characters to do battle in 4 versus 4 action . Two versions of the game are planned for release , one for the Wii U and one for the handheld 3DS console . There are exclusive features for each , but the addition of new characters and Mii fighters  Nintendo avatars that represent the player themselves  should give fans and newcomers many hours of entertainment . The 3DS version is schedule for release in October , while the Wii U version will come out during the 2014 holiday season . ` Batman : Arkham Knight ' The Dark Knight returns to gaming consoles and has a new tool in his war on crime in Gotham City . A revamped and upgraded Batmobile offers players new ways to take down bad guys , travel the city and generally strike a new kind of fear in the hearts of criminals . More than just a means of transportation , the Batmobile feels like a separate character helping Batman during hand-to-hand combat , taking on larger opponents or acting as a distraction to allow the Caped Crusader access to new areas . While still perpetually dark , Gotham looks more inviting this time around and opens up new gameplay choices and style options as the adventure progresses . "  Batman : Arkham Knight " is scheduled for release in 2015 for the PS4 , XB1 and PC . OK , gamers . We know we did n't include everything . Which games were you excited to see at E3 , and which of the ones on our list are you looking forward to playing ? Let us know in the comments below .	Games are the focus at a console-free E3 expo "  Destiny , " from the makers of "  Halo , " tops the list "  Assassins Creed " and "  LittleBigPlanet " are back Nintendo teases "  Splattoon " and "  Super Smash Bros. . "
CNN  -- This duck is named Buttercup . He was born with a backwards left foot . Buttercup lives in Arlington , Tennessee at the Feathered Angels Waterfowl Sanctuary , where owner Mike Garey decided not only to amputate Buttercup 's foot  Garey says it would be too painful and prone to infections  , but also to design a replacement foot as well . Garey used Buttercup 's sister Minnie 's left foot as the basis for the design of Buttercup 's new foot , which he modeled using 3D software . Once the artificial mold was designed , Garey sent the design to a 3D-printing company called NovaCopy , who printed out and donated a three-dimensional mold of the foot . That mold was used to create and test various silicone feet for Buttercup to try out on his non-footed leg . As CNET reports , "  Buttercup , currently walking around on his stump , is due to get his new foot very soon , with the final design arriving in the next two weeks .	Duck born with backward foot getting replacement via 3-D printer Buttercup lives at a bird sanctuary in Tennessee
DUBAI , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- The British Foreign Office has warned its nationals -- traveling to or living in the United Arab Emirates -- about the increased threat of a terrorist attack . In 2006 over one million Britons visited the United Arab Emirates , according to the UK Foreign office . The alert , posted on its Web site , urged Britons in the oil-rich Gulf kingdom to be vigilant -- especially in public places -- because of a "  high threat of terrorism . " The UAE is among the most moderate Gulf states and is home to thousands of expatriates . "  We believe terrorists may be planning to carry out attacks in the UAE , " the Foreign Office statement read . "  Attacks could be indiscriminate and could happen at any time , including in places frequented by expatriates and foreign travelers such as residential compounds , military , oil , transport and aviation interests . " By Monday , the U.S. State Department had not issued any warnings about the UAE . The UAE , slightly smaller than the U.S. state of Maine , is in the midst of a building boom to position itself as one of the world 's premier tourist destinations . It is already home to the world 's largest mall , the world 's largest tower , and -- despite being in the Middle East -- boasts the largest indoor snow park in the world . According to the British Foreign Office , more than a million British visitors traveled to the UAE in 2006 , while over 100,000 British nationals live there . The country is an ally in the United States ' "  war on terror , " and its ports host more U.S. Navy ships than any port outside the U.S. , according to the U.S. State Department . Two of the attackers who took part in the September 11 , 2001 attacks on New York and Washington came from the UAE . And it was among a handful of countries that recognized the fundamentalist Taliban regime before the September 11 attacks .	UK Foreign Office : Terrorists may be planning to carry out attacks in the UAE It added that attacks could be "  indiscriminate and could happen at any time " U.S. State Department has not issued any warnings about the UAE UAE is a key ally in the United States ' "  war on terror "
CNN  -- A bomb blast Monday killed eight people and injured at least 12 others at a medical school in Kano , Nigeria , the city 's police commissioner said . The explosive devices went off around 2 p.m. local time in a parking lot at the School of Hygiene , said Adelere Shinaba , police commissioner of Kano , Nigeria 's second-largest city . A suspect is in custody after being arrested on the scene , police said , and the suspect 's car was discovered outside the school . Police said they do n't have a motive for the blast and are still investigating , but Boko Haram terrorists have targeted the northern Nigerian city in the past . The militant group says its aim is to impose a stricter enforcement of Sharia law across Nigeria , which is split between a majority Muslim north and a mostly Christian south . Police swept the area around the school Monday with detection devices to make sure there were no additional bombs . Eyewitnesses reported heavy military and police presence around the school . CNN 's Susanna Capelouto wrote and reported from Atlanta , and journalist Aminu Abubakar reported from Nigeria .	A bomb goes off in the parking lot of a medical school in Kano , Nigeria , police say A suspect is in custody , but a motive for the attack is not clear , police say Boko Haram terrorists have targeted Kano , Nigeria 's second-largest city , in the past
CNN  -- Young German driver Nico Hulkenberg is looking for a new Formula One team after failing to agree a contract extension with Williams , the motorsport 's official website reported on Monday . While the British-based team has retained veteran Brazilian Rubens Barrichello for 2011 , the 23-year-old Hulkenberg will seek a new race seat following an impressive rookie season . "  I heavily regret that , because I would have been happy to stay with Williams , " said Hulkenberg , who secured the team 's first pole position since 2005 in Brazil this month . "  I want to thank the team for a great time and I wish Williams all the best for the future . " His agent Willi Weber , who also represents seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher , said the 2009 GP2 Series winner would remain in motorsport 's elite class next year . "  Nico will have his seat in F1 in 2011 , " Weber told the official website . Williams finished the season in sixth place overall , repeating last year 's effort , despite not scoring any points at the final race in Abu Dhabi on Sunday . The 38-year-old Barrichello was 12th to finish 10th in the drivers ' standings on 47 points in his first season at Williams , while Hulkenberg -- Williams ' test driver for two years before making his F1 debut this year -- was 16th to be 14th overall on 22 points . " ` First , I would like to thank Nico for his hard work this year , and before that in preparing himself for Formula One , " team boss Frank Williams told his outfit 's official website . "  We are very proud to have supported him as he secured the Formula 3 and GP2 titles and during his debut in Formula One . At Williams we have for many years tried to bring new talent into the sport , and we are convinced that Nico will go on to great things . We wish him well and hope that our paths will cross again in the future . "  We recruited Rubens to Williams knowing that he would bring technical expertise , experience and passion . He has delivered everything we could have hoped for this season and we are delighted to confirm that he will drive for us again in 2011 . " Williams said Barrichello 's teammate for his 19th season driving in F1 will be announced before the end of this year .	Nico Hulkenberg leaves Williams after contract negotiations for 2011 break down British team will retain veteran Rubens Barrichello and name new driver by end of year Hulkenberg had an impressive rookie season , claiming pole position in Brazil The drivers helped Williams to retain sixth place in the constructors ' standings
CNN  Hawaii is poised to become the first state in the nation to prohibit the sale of cigarettes and other tobacco products to anybody under age 21 . The state 's legislature on Friday passed a bill raising the minimum legal age -- currently 18 -- to buy tobacco or e-cigarettes . The bill will now go before Gov. David Ige , whose signature would make it law in Hawaii as of January 1 , 2016 . Forty-six U.S. states permit the sale of tobacco to anyone 18 or older , while Alabama , Alaska , New Jersey and Utah require customers to be at least 19 . Dozens of cities and towns , including New York , have already raised the minimum legal age for tobacco purchases to 21 . "  This bold step will reduce smoking among young people , save lives and help make the next generation tobacco-free , " said Matthew L. Myers , president of the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids , in a prepared statement . "  Increasing the sale age to 21 will reduce tobacco use among youth and young adults , age groups when nearly all smoking begins and that are heavily targeted by the tobacco industry , " he said . It was not clear Monday whether Ige would sign the bill , although on Friday he approved legislation banning the the use of e-cigarettes in all locations where smoking is illegal . A spokeswoman for the governor told CNN in an email that he would need some time to review the bill . The legislation comes after a report last month from the Institute of Medicine that said barring people under age 21 from buying cigarettes would have significant public health benefits . Setting the minimum age at 21 nationwide would result in nearly a quarter-million fewer premature deaths and 50,000 fewer deaths from lung cancer among people born between 2000 and 2019 , the report estimated . Raise the smoking age ? Report predicts big health benefits if we do Teenagers , especially those between 15 and 17 , are most vulnerable to addiction at a time when their brains are still developing , said the study , which was conducted at the request of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration . If the minimum legal age for tobacco use was raised to 21 , the prevalence of smokers among today 's teens would decline by 12 % when they become adults , the report said . Under the Hawaii bill , anyone caught breaking the law would face a $ 10 fine for the first offense and a $ 50 fine or community service for a second offense . A 2014 survey of Hawaii voters found that 71 % favored raising the legal age to 21 .	Hawaii 's legislature passes a bill raising the legal age for buying tobacco to 21 The bill is now before Gov. David Ige , whose signature would make it law Most states allow tobacco sales to anyone 18 and older
Manchester United veteran Ryan Giggs has signed a new one-year contract that will extend his career to 21 seasons with the English Premier League leaders . The 37-year-old Welsh midfielder , seeking to help United win a record 19th English league title this year and his 12th , made his debut for his only team in March 1991 . He has made a club-record 862 first-team outings , scoring 158 goals , as a key figure under manager Alex Ferguson -- who signed him on his 14th birthday from the youth development school of local rivals Manchester City . "  You run out of words to describe Ryan Giggs . He is a marvellous player and a wonderful man , " Ferguson told United 's website on Friday . Has Rooney joined the ranks of football 's immortals ? "  To have the desire and the ability to play at the top level in such a physically demanding position at his age requires a special person . "  He is still turning in man-of-the-match performances , and his experience is so vital for the younger players in the squad . " Giggs , twice a European Champions League winner , has kept up his record as the only player to score in every season since the English Premier League 's inception in 1992 . "  All I 've ever wanted to do is play for United , and I 've been lucky enough to do that for 20 years , " he said , having extended his previous one-year deal . "  It 's great to know I 'm still contributing to the team 's success and I feel I 've got a lot to offer on and off the pitch . This is an exciting time to be involved with so many good young players coming through . " Cup magic shared by cross-channel minnows Giggs is in the United squad for Saturday 's FA Cup fifth-round clash with non-league club Crawley , as he seeks to win England 's fabled knockout competition for the fifth time this year . In a top-flight tie , cup holders Chelsea host Everton , while Birmingham and Stoke face third division opposition in Sheffield Wednesday and Brighton respectively . On Sunday , Arsenal travel to Leyton Orient , Manchester City host another division three team Notts County , and Fulham take on Premier League rivals Bolton .	Ryan Giggs agrees a new one-year contract at Manchester United until mid-2012 Welsh veteran is currently in his 20th season with the English league leaders He has made a club-record 862 first-team appearances since his debut in 1991 Giggs is in squad as United face non-league side Crawley in the FA Cup
CNN  -- Pulitzer Prize-winning author , radio host and activist Studs Terkel died in his Chicago , Illinois , home Friday at the age of 96 . Pulitzer Prize-winning author Studs Terkel died at his home Friday at the age of 96 . Terkel had grown frail since the publication last year of his memoir , "  Touch and Go , " said Gordon Mayer , vice president of the Community Media Workshop , which Terkel had supported . "  I 'm still in touch , but I 'm ready to go , " he said last year at his last public appearance with the workshop , a nonprofit that recognizes Chicago reporters who take risks in covering the city . "  My dad led a long , full , eventful -- sometimes tempestuous -- satisfying life , " his son Dan said in a statement . "  The last time I saw him , he was up , about , and mad as hell about the Cubs , " workshop President Thom Clark said in the statement . Terkel , known for his portrayal of ordinary people young and old , rich and poor , won a Pulitzer Prize in 1985 for his remembrances of World War II , "  The Good War . " iReport.com : Remebering the legacy of Studs Terkel Terkel was born in New York but moved to Chicago , where his parents ran a small hotel . Terkel would sit in the hotel lobby watching droves of people arguing , fighting , ranting and telling stories . "  That hotel was far more of an education to me than the University of Chicago was , " Studs told CNN in 2000 . It seems that beginning would pave the way for Terkel 's love of passing on people 's oral histories . He could often be found behind a tape recorder talking to the people who would eventually become the basis for his books . Terkel became famous , if not synonymous with oral histories , for his ability to cast a light on the working class . "  Oral history preceded the written word , " Terkel told CNN in 2000 . "  Oral history is having people tell their own stories and bringing it forth . "  That 's what history 's about : the oral history of the unknowns that make the wheel go ` round . And that 's what I 'm interested in . " In an interview with Lou Waters on CNN in 1995 , Terkel spoke about his book "  Coming of Age , " which explored the lives of people who have been "  scrappers " all of their lives . Inside the book are the stories of people between the ages of 70 and 95 , a group he called "  the truth tellers . " "  Who are the best historians ? Who are the storytellers ? " Terkel asked . "  Who lived through the Great Depression of the '30s , World War II that changed the whole psyche and map of the world , a Cold War , Joe McCarthy , Vietnam , the '60s , that 's so often put down today and I think was an exhilarating and hopeful period , and , of course , the computer and technology . Who are the best ones to tell the story ? Those who 've borne witness to it . And they 're our storytellers . " After Terkel 's wife died in 1999 , he began working on a book about death , eventually called "  Will the Circle Be Unbroken ? Reflections on Death , Rebirth , and Hunger for a Faith . " "  It 's about life , " Terkel said in 2000 when asked about the project . "  How can one talk about life without saying sometime it 's going to end ? It makes the value of life all the more precious . "	Terkel won Pulitzer Prize in 1985 for book about World War II , "  The Good War " Son : "  My dad led a long , full , eventful -- sometimes tempestuous -- satisfying life " Terkel once said death "  makes the value of life all the more precious " Author believed elderly , those "  who 've borne witness " to life are best storytellers
CNN  -- Roger Federer suffered a surprise defeat to Czech Tomas Berdych in the fourth round of the Sony Ericsson Open in Miami . The Swiss top seed was a long way from his best as Berdych edged a tight battle 6-4 6-7  3-7  7-6  8-6  . Federer had a match point in the deciding tie-break but missed his chance with a wayward forehand , allowing Berdych to claim the victory three points later . Federer , who won the latest of his record 16 Grand Slam singles titles at the Australian Open in January , had only lost once to Berdych in nine previous meetings . "  It 's no secret I 've struggled the last five matches I 've played here in the States , " Federer told the official ATP Tour Web site . "  I 'm definitely lacking timing . I do n't know where that comes from because I played so nicely in Australia . So it 's disappointing to not be able to back it up . " They were joined in the quarterfinals by American Andy Roddick , who fought back from 4-1 down to defeat Germany 's Benjamin Becker 7-6  7-4  6-3 . Fourth seed Rafael Nadal beat fellow Spaniard and 15th seed David Ferrer 7-6  7-5  6-4 and will next face eighth seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga , who trounced Juan Carlos Ferrero of Spain 6-2 6-2 . Fifth seed Robin Soderling of Sweden progressed with a 6-0 6-7  3-7  6-2 victory over Chile 's Fernando Gonzalez , while Mardy Fish of the U.S. was forced to retire while trailing 6-1 1-0 against 13th seed Mikhail Youzhny . In the women 's tournament , Venus Williams advanced to the semi-finals with a 6-3 6-1 victory over Agnieszka Radwanska . She will face France 's former Wimbledon finalist Marion Bartoli , who beat Yanina Wickmayer 6-4 , 7-5 . Williams , who had required three sets to defeat Daniela Hantuchova in the previous round , was delighted to have had an easier ride this time around . "  Getting through a match like yesterday makes me more confident because it was n't exactly my best game , " she told the tournament 's official Web site . "  Today I was kind of eager to clean up my act . We had some really good rallies and really good points , but I just see me keep coming out on top , so of course I like that . "	Roger Federer loses to Tomas Berdych at Sony Ericsson Open fourth round in Miami . Federer wastes a match point before losing deciding set on a tie-break . Venus Williams beats Agnieszka Radwanska to advance to women 's semifinals .
CNN  -- In the last week , Jeremy Lin has gone from an unknown professional basketball player struggling to get time on court to an overnight sporting and media sensation . CNN takes a closer look at the first U.S.-born player of Chinese or Taiwanese descent to play in the NBA , and how he 's becoming more popular with every game . Who is Jeremy Lin ? Born to parents Shirley and Gie-Ming on August 23 , 1988 , Lin is an Asian-American NBA player for the New York Knicks . He wears the jersey No. 17 and plays as point guard . As a professional basketballer he 's not overly tall , measuring 6 feet , 3 inches  191 centimeters  and weighs 200 pounds  90.7 kilograms  . He played for four years at Harvard , and has spent just one year as a professional player . Career highlights : Following his stint at Harvard  where he was twice named to the all-Ivy League  , Lin failed to get drafted by an NBA franchise , and instead signed as a free agent with the Golden State Warriors in July , 2010 . In December 2011 , Lin signed with the New York Knicks after being cut by the Houston Rockets . His 109 points in his first four starts this past week have surpassed Allen Iverson 's to become the most by any player since the NBA-ABA merger in 1976 . ` Linsanity ' : Why the hype ? Everyone loves a battle-against-the-odds story , and Lin fits the bill perfectly . The reasons for his meteoric rise to become a U.S. basketball sensation are numerous , but it all starts with talent . In just weeks he 's gone from one-time bench-warmer to team savior , leading the Knicks to five straight victories and averaging more than 20 points per game , while his field goal percentage during this winning streak tops 50 % . In Friday 's game against Kobe Bryant 's L.A. Lakers , he reeled off 38 points in that victory alone . Lin also stands out due to his academic prowess , being the only current NBA player who has a Harvard degree , and is the first Harvard graduate to play in the league for almost 60 years . Harvard grad Lin has shot at basketball immortality Then there 's the race factor : Lin is the first U.S.-born player of Chinese or Taiwanese descent to play in the NBA , which is helping to tap into the significant market of Asian-American basketball fans . This in turn is spilling over to NBA devotees in general . Why Jeremy Lin 's race matters "  He 's amazing , how could you not be excited , " asked a punter watching Lin play on TV in a bar in Minneapolis on Saturday . "  I mean look at the Knicks , have you followed them for the last 10 years ? And then this guy shows up and he knows how to play the game -- you 've got to be excited . " His ethnicity is even having an effect globally -- even though Lin has n't built up celebrity status in the Chinese leagues like retired center Yao Ming did , the Chinese interest is already there , with 900,000 followers on Weibo , China 's answer to Twitter , already secured . The NBA has also said its TV partners in Asia will soon start showing Knicks games . On top of his athletic and academic abilities , Lin is also drawing fans for his public devotion to Christianity who are thinking about the role model he 'll be for their children . Lin has said he was raised in the church and became a Christian in high school . After beating the Lakers on Friday , he said , "  I just give all the praise to God . " He also said in an interview in 2010 that he wants to be a pastor post-NBA . A marketer 's dream From a marketing perspective for the Knicks , Lin 's popularity is proving a boon -- last week his No. 17 jersey was outselling those of LeBron James and Kobe Bryant . And with the PR damage from the recent NBA lockout and the steady decline of old superpowers like the L.A. Lakers and the Boston Celtics , the league is looking for new personalities to draw fans into the sport . With his multicultural attraction , Ivy League background and come-from-nowhere storyline , Lin has that in spades .	Lin is the first U.S.-born player of Chinese or Taiwanese descent to play in the NBA In just weeks he 's gone from one-time bench-warmer to team savior He has led the Knicks to five straight victories and averaged more than 20 points per game Lin is the first Harvard graduate to play in the league for almost 60 years
Misrata , Libya  CNN  -- NATO said Tuesday that it lost contact with a U.S. unmanned helicopter flying surveillance for the organization over the central coastal area of Libya . Contact with the Fire Scout was lost at 7:20 a.m. , said Wing Cmdr. Mike Bracken , a NATO spokesman . A Pentagon source told CNN that the Fire Scout belonged to the U.S. Navy . Libyan state television reported that an "  Apache helicopter was downed in the area of Majr in Zliten , " claiming it was the fifth NATO aircraft to be downed . An Apache is a manned attack helicopter . Bracken denied that NATO had lost any attack helicopters during the alliance 's mission in Libya . The loss for NATO came as the military chiefs of the 15 nations participating in the Libya campaign met in London and two influential U.S. senators introduced a resolution expressing support for limited U.S. involvement in Libya -- part of an effort to counter rising pressure from U.S. lawmakers to withdraw backing for the mission . The resolution , introduced by John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , and John McCain , R-Arizona , authorizes the commitment of U.S. forces for one year while stressing the lack of support for any use of American ground troops . Libya state TV on Tuesday reported a NATO strike southwest of Tripoli in Nalut city , resulting in "  material and human damages . " Libyan forces were also continuing their attacks . At 6 p.m. in Misrata , a CNN employee saw three Grad-type rockets strike the center of the city , slightly wounding a 13-year-old boy in front of a bicycle shop . In Dafniya , between Tripoli and Misrata , five rebels were killed and 31 were wounded in clashes along the frontline , according to officials at Misrata 's Al-Hikma Hospital . The Libyan war erupted from anti-government protests in February . Following a United Nations mandate to protect civilians , NATO began bombing military targets in March . However , strongman Moammar Gadhafi still maintains control in Tripoli . Tuesday , Human Rights Watch said that Libyan government forces had planted more than 150 landmines in at least one location in the Nafusa Mountains in western Libya . The global monitoring group visited the site , inspected mines that had been removed , and interviewed the rebel fighters who removed them . "  These antipersonnel landmines pose a huge threat to civilians , " said Steve Goose , arms director at Human Rights Watch . "  More than 150 countries have banned landmines , but Libya continues to defy this global trend . " The human rights group said it has confirmed Gadhafi 's use of five types of landmines in six locations in Libya . NATO officials stressed that it was Gadhafi who was deliberately and indiscriminately targeting his own people as the alliance faced questions over a series of incidents over the weekend and into Monday that resulted in allegations of civilian casualties and strikes on Libyan opposition vehicles . "  Let 's not lose sight that it is the Gadhafi regime which started this crisis , " Bracken said . Libya said that 15 people , including three children , were killed in Monday 's incident . Libyan government spokesman Musa Ibrahim said the attack included strikes from eight rockets . "  You are planting the seeds of hatred , NATO , " Ibrahim said . Five houses and a farm were hit Sunday in the Surman area , west of Tripoli , he said . One of the homes belongs to Khaled el-Kweldi , a top aide to Gadhafi , Ibrahim said . The Libyan leader was not home at the time of the attack , but three children were killed , Ibrahim said . NATO said a residential building west of Tripoli was targeted early Monday . "  NATO is aware of allegations that this strike caused civilian casualties , " Bracken said . "  That is something we can not independently verify , but I say again that this was a legitimate military target . " He would not detail how NATO came to determine that the target was a command-and-control communications node except to say that 17 satellite dishes could be seen in aerial imagery . Bracken said the center was involved in coordinating attacks on the Libyan people . Monday 's strike in Surman came a day after NATO acknowledged an errant airstrike in Tripoli may have caused "  a number of civilian casualties . " Libya 's government said Sunday that nine people were killed and six wounded when a NATO strike hit a residential neighborhood in the Libyan capital . NATO said Sunday that a military missile site was the intended target . "  However , it appears that one weapon did not strike the intended target and that there may have been a weapons system failure , " a NATO statement said . On Saturday , NATO expressed regret after its aircraft mistakenly struck vehicles aligned with the Libyan opposition in the key and hotly contested eastern oil city of al-Brega . Meanwhile , Libyan opposition leader Mahmoud Jibril arrived Tuesday in Beijing for meetings with Chinese officials , state media reported . Jibril , chairman of the executive board of the opposition Transitional National Council , will be in China for two days , according to Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei . "  China 's major task is to promote peace and encourage talks , " Hong said . "  China has followed closely the development of the situation in Libya , and calls for the political resolution of the Libyan crisis . " The Ministry of Foreign Affairs called the rebels "  an important political power of Libya . " That recognition comes a month after Jibril said that China bolstered the opposition movement 's stature by purchasing a shipment of oil from the opposition group for $ 160 million . "  We have maintained contacts with both sides of Libya , and urge them to take actions that are conducive to the interest of the people of the country , " Hong said . "  We believe that the future of Libya should be determined by the Libyan people themselves , and China will respect the independent choice of the Libyan people . " In May , Jibril met in Paris with French President Nicolas Sarkozy and Prime Minister Francois Fillon . France has been a strong backer of the Libyan rebels and the NATO air campaign . Also in May , Jibril tried to secure formal recognition for the interim council from the White House , but failed . Since then , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has said the United States views the group as the legitimate representative of the Libyan people . For weeks , NATO forces have been targeting forces loyal to Gadhafi in an effort to prevent them from inflicting civilian casualties . Most of those strikes have come from missiles fired from ships located offshore or from aircraft flying above the North African nation . CNN 's Ben Wedeman , Elizabeth Joseph , Jack Maddox , Per Nyberg and Helena Hong contributed to this report .	NEW : 5 rebels killed along frontline in Dafniya , hospital officials say Human Rights Watch reports landmines in the Nafusa Mountains The drone that went down was a U.S. Fire Scout , NATO spokesman says U.S. senators introduce a resolution for limited U.S. involvement
CNN  -- Historic flooding forced the U.S. Coast Guard to shut down commercial traffic on part of the Mississippi River Friday as authorities downstream raced to build and reinforce levees , polish evacuation plans and warn residents to start thinking about getting out . "  When you see the Mississippi River and it 's about two miles wide because it 's lost its borders , it 's sobering , " said Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam . The Coast Guard closed a five-mile stretch of the river at Caruthersville , Missouri , on Friday to prevent waves generated by passing barges from damaging levees and flood gates along the river , Chief Warrant Officer Lionel Bryant said . The closure could last as long as eight days , Bryant said . See images of flooding across the Midwest and South and share your story . While other stretches of the river remain open , the closure will block barges loaded with commodities headed for Gulf of Mexico ports . It could have ramifications across the country , Memphis , Tennessee , Mayor A.C. Wharton said . "  When you close the Mississippi River , it affects the economy nationwide , " the mayor of the historic river town said . Authorities in the Memphis area fanned out to low-lying neighborhoods Friday to warn residents of 1,089 homes that they are at risk from the coming floodwaters and to urge them to leave , according to city and county officials . "  We 're trying to prevent as many rescue missions as we can and manage this through evacuation missions , " said Bob Nations , director of the county 's Office of Preparedness . Memphis Police knocked on Pamela Holliday 's front door Friday morning . "  The police were telling us if the floodwaters get any higher they will turn off electricity and we will have to move , " she told CNN affiliate WMC . The Mississippi River is expected to crest about 14 feet above flood stage at Memphis on Wednesday . Nations said authorities are planning as if the river will exceed that forecast . "  This is an act of nature , and nature plays funny tricks sometimes , " he said . Wharton said city officials have not ordered anyone to evacuate , but are prepared to do so should the need arise . In Cotton Plant , Arkansas , which was under a mandatory evacuation order that also affected the towns of Gregory and McClelland , some residents were staying put . Waters topped at least one levee in the area , prompting the evacuation order . The order affected about 1,000 residents in the three small towns . "  I saw a lot of people leaving and I just laughed , " Cotton Plant resident Cleodis Smith told CNN affiliate KATV . "  I just said they 're going to be coming right back because the water 's not getting here . " Floods prompted authorities to close 22 miles of Interstate 40 between Hazen and Brinkley in eastern Arkansas early Thursday . The eastbound stretch of the interstate was also closed Thursday night , state transportation officials said , and both remained closed Friday . The Mississippi Department of Transportation advised motorists that the Interstate 40 situation in Arkansas will bring increased traffic on U.S 82 . between Interstate 55 and the Greenville Bridge . The flooding in the Mississippi and Ohio river valleys has already chased people from their homes in Missouri , Illinois , Indiana , Tennessee , Kentucky and Arkansas . Now it has Mississippi and Louisiana under the gun . In Mississippi , flooding was impacting casinos in Tunica , threatening an anticipated $ 87 million hit to the local economy for the month of May , CNN affiliate WREG reported . Farmers face losing their crops , said Andy Prosser , a spokesman for the Mississippi Department of Agriculture and Commerce . "  Once water goes over the top of corn , it 's gone , " he said . In Louisiana , the state Department of Corrections began preparing to evacuate inmates from Angola State Prison , suspended some construction work and put more National Guard troops on the job as the flood drew closer . In Vidalia , Louisiana , authorities had completed the evacuation of a hospital there and were working feverishly to build fortifications around water supplies and other infrastructure , Gov. Bobby Jindal said . He said forecasters have told him parts of the state could be dealing with high water levels until July . "  You 'll have a crest that could last seven to 10 days but you could have elevated water levels last for weeks after that , " he said . The Army Corps of Engineers said that it would open a spillway 28 miles upstream from New Orleans to reduce the volume and velocity of the Mississippi River as the record level of water races south to the sea . The spillway can accommodate about 1.87 million gallons of water per second , diverting it to the Gulf of Mexico by way of Lake Pontchartrain and sparing the low-lying city of New Orleans from high waters . The spillway is scheduled to open Monday , the Corps said . A second spillway may open later in the week , Jindal said . If the Morganza Spillway is opened , Morgan City , Louisiana , could face record flooding , said Ken Graham of the National Weather Service . The record flood there is 10.53 feet set in 1973 -- the last time the spillway was opened . Graham said his modeling shows as much as 12 feet of water inundating the area this time around . Jindal said he had requested that President Barack Obama make a disaster declaration for the state because of "  predicted and imminent record flooding . " Earlier this week , the Corps of Engineers intentionally breached a levee south of where the Ohio River joins the Mississippi River to help alleviate water pressure on levees throughout the region . The Corps said the breach would help lower river levels and prevent widespread flooding in communities such as Cairo , Illinois , which sits at the confluence of the two rivers . That city remained under a mandatory evacuation order Friday . Six other southern Illinois communities were under voluntary evacuation recommendations . "  We do n't want to get into a situation where people go back to their homes , and then we have to make emergency rescues if something changes , " said Patti Thompson , spokeswoman for the Illinois Emergency Management Agency .	Tennessee governor says sight of the Mississippi two miles wide is "  sobering " The Coast Guard is closing part of the Mississippi River to protect levees and flood gates Authorities urge some Memphis , Tennessee , residents to evacuate
COLOMBO , Sri Lanka  CNN  -- Five members of the Sri Lanka 's Civil Defense Force  CDF  were killed in a suicide blast in Sri Lanka at a church outside the capital of Colombo Sunday morning , police said . Sri Lankan police officers investigate Sunday 's suicide bombing near Colombo . Eight other CDF officers and two civilians were wounded , police said . Nobody immediately claimed responsibility for the blast , but police suspect the bomber was a member of the Tamil Tiger rebels . There was no immediate response from the Tamil Tiger rebels to the incident , which , police said , occurred at St. Anne 's Church in the Colombo suburb of Wattala , located on a roadway to the country 's only international airport about 15 kilometers  9 miles  north of the capital . The attack happened during a weekly festival that usually draws a large crowd shopping for vegetables and household goods . The suicide bomber walked into an area where CDF officers were stationed and detonated his explosives , police said . Investigators suspect the bomber targeted the area because 150 police officers who help patrol the road to the airport are billeted there . Government forces have engaged rebels in heavy fighting for more than a year in the Kilinochchi region , once the center of political power for the Tamil Tigers . The 25-year civil war between ethnic Tamil separatists and the Sri Lankan government has left more than 65,000 people dead . The Tamil Tigers were founded in 1976 , and the U.S. State Department designated the group a foreign terrorist organization in 1997 . The rebels , formally known as the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam  LTTE  , are fighting for the creation of an independent nation , citing discrimination by the country 's Sinhalese majority . Earlier Sunday , Sri Lanka 's navy said it had destroyed a Tamil Tiger rebel boat allegedly attempting to smuggle in military supplies through the northern coast . Commander D.K.P. Dissanayake , a navy spokesman , told CNN that four rebels were killed in attack after the boat was engulfed in fire . He said the incident occurred just after midnight Sunday but gave no other details . There was no immediate response from the Tiger rebels to that incident . CNN could not independently verify the government 's claim because media is debarred from Sri Lanka 's battle zones . In the past , both sides in the conflict have exaggerated accounts of military operations . On December 20 , the Navy said it destroyed a similar rebel boat trying to smuggle military supplies through the coast near the northeastern coastal village of Mullaitivu . However , a second supply boat was caught on Air Force aerial surveillance cameras unloading along the coast . "  They included assorted ammunition , artillery shells , mortar shells and other items , " a senior Air Force official told CNN . He spoke on grounds of anonymity since he was not authorized to speak to the media .	NEW : Attack coincided during a weekly festival that draws a large crowd NEW : Police suspect the bomber was a member of the Tamil Tiger rebels No immediate response from Tiger rebels on church blast , destroyed boat Four rebels killed in boat attack after midnight Sunday , Navy says
CNN  As a non-sports aficionado , my attraction to game day festivities has been solely food focused . So naturally , I noticed how potato chips have taken less and less space on the snack table to make room for tortilla chips and guacamole . Although potato chips continue to be the top-selling salted snack in terms of pounds sold , tortilla chips have been increasing in sales at a faster pace than potato chips , especially during this time of year , according to Tom Dempsey , CEO of the Snack Food Association . And , it 's not just tortilla chips selling at such high rates either . Make homemade tortilla chips Tortillas -- not the chips but the round flat breads used to wrap burritos - have been outselling hamburger and hot dog buns at supermarkets and retail food stores since 2010 . And salsa has been the new ketchup since 2008 , according Jim Kabbani , CEO of the Tortilla Industry Association . One of the factors that contributes to that growth is immigration . As the Latino population grows , so will the variety of foods that cater to them . Especially since the Mexican-American population makes up the largest Hispanic group in the United States . Another factor that plays into the growth is that non-Hispanics have become more adventurous eaters , and companies want to cater to that , Kabbani said . While Mexican food in the United States has become ubiquitously American as apple pie , the backstory of how the crispy golden corn chip became the go-to snack chip has n't really been told . In an effort to tell that story , nationally syndicated columnist of ¡ Ask a Mexican ! Gustavo Arellano wrote the book "  Taco USA : How Mexican Food Conquered America . " In the early 1900s , tortilla chips were already being manufactured and distributed to local restaurants in southern California but were never really a big deal . In fact , their creation was even an afterthought . These tostadas , as they are called in Mexico , were made from leftover tortilla dough . Go figure . It was n't long before Frito-Lay executives noticed how everyone in those southern California restaurants was gobbling up tostadas , so they decided to make the chips , too . They called their product "  Doritos , " Spanish for "  little golden things . " Although few consider Doritos a tortilla chip , under all that cheesy seasoning is an oppressed golden tortilla chip - the first to be launched nationally in the United States . Shortly thereafter , tortilla chips made by other companies started to gain popularity - mostly driven by the rise of salsa , refried beans , and guacamole . But when nachos made their debut , it took tortillas chips to the next level . Side note : Nachos were a delicious accident . When two American customers walked into his restaurant in Mexico , head waiter Ignacio "  Nacho " Ayala could n't find the chef so he threw together some random ingredients and called them "  Nacho 's Special , " Arellano said . And the rest is history . Today , every NFL stadium and Major League Baseball offers nachos . They 're the third-largest concession seller overall , after popcorn and soda , outselling even hot dogs , Arellano notes . The rapid rise of nachos and guacamole persuaded Frito-Lay to make their own light , airy , slightly unseasoned tortilla chips . The American company named them "  Tostitos " and marketed them as "  authentic . " Frito-Lay then hired Mexican-born , U.S. - raised actor Fernando Escandon - who had a slight Spanish accent - to do a series of commercials and it worked . It did n't hurt that Escandon also owned two Mexican restaurants either . "  Tostitos remains the biggest brand ... and it all started in the mid-1970s as a way to offer a more authentic alternative than Doritos , " Arellano told CNN . "  Through clever marketing , they took over the tortilla chip business . " Doritos still continue to be the best-selling tortilla chips and Tostitos and Tostitos Scoops follow - all under the Frito-Lay empire . Who invented the tortilla chip ? The origin of the tortilla chip gets a bit complicated because like every tale in history , there are two sides to every story . While many have credited Rebecca Webb Carranza as the inventor and innovator of the tortilla chip , the Tamalina Milling Company claims its family 's tortilla company made the famous corn chips long before that , Arellano wrote in Taco USA . Jose Bartolome Martinez , owner of the Tamalina Milling Company , claims he was the first to produce masolina to make tortillas , where you would only have to add water and masa emerged . All that production meant excess masa so Martinez decided to make tortilla chips as to not be wasteful . The Martinez family only recently donated materials to trademark the Tamalina brand of tortilla chip . While the tortilla chip 's history is still a bit blurry , Frito-Lay 's heavy marketing and branding has been so influential that many people refer to tortilla chips as "  Tostitos , " even if they are n't buying the Frito-Lay brand . Potato chips keep things interesting Not only does Frito-Lay have the corner on the tortilla chip market , but it owns the leading potato chip brands : Fritos , Baked ! , Ruffles and , their most popular brand , Lay 's . And they are n't taking the rise of the tortilla chip lightly . "  Potato chip companies have become creative in their advertising , even going as far as changing the shape of their chips to triangles or mixing ingredients to make a hybrid chip , " Kabbani said . In 2014 , consumers could even name their flavor as part of Lay 's "  Do Us a Flavor " contest , which got a lot of bizarre entries . Kettle Brand is one of the few companies that is n't owned by Frito-Lay , and even though potato chip sales fell below tortilla chips recently , the company has focused its energy on two vital chip components : structure and flavor . "  The thick-cut and crunch of our chips also means they stand up really well against popular dips that have a tendency to make other chips crumble , " Kettle Brand 's brand manager Marc McCullagh told CNN . Kettle Brand has also built up a reputation for bold flavors - Maple Bacon , Sweet & Salty , Sriracha and Sweet Chili Garlic - and McCullagh said they 'll keep doing that to keep up with the competition . While they 're known for their kettle-style potato chips , Kettle Brand also sells tortilla chips , which they market as the "  healthier alternative . " "  Unlike other plain tortilla chips brands , we focus on all-natural , organic and carry non-GMO ingredients , " McCullagh said . After all , who would n't want to get a piece of the tortilla chip 's multibillion-dollar industry that is exponentially expanding year after year ? To each their own , I say . Granted , I 'm not complaining . I love tortillas chips and potato chips , in every shape , size and flavor . But I 'm keeping an eye on the snack table in case these tostadas make a full-blown culinary takeover during game day . This post originally ran in January 2014	Tortillas outsell hamburger and hot dog buns Tortilla chips are increasing in sales faster than tortilla chips As the Latino population grows , so will the variety of foods that cater to them
CNN  -- Not just your basic , average everyday , ordinary , run-of-the-mill , ho-hum fairy tale , "  Stardust " is a dazzler very nearly from first to last , a live action film that rivals the best recent animated features for imagination and wit . Claire Danes and Charlie Cox star in the imaginative "  Stardust . " Indeed , at a pinch you might describe it as "  Shrek " for grown-ups -- though I 've a suspicion the great Japanese filmmaker Hiyao Miyazaki  "  Spirited Away "  may have been a more important inspiration . The movie combines many of the archetypes of a classic bedtime story . First , there 's Tristran  Charlie Cox  , an intrepid young hero from the wrong side of the tracks  or so he thinks  , embarking on a romantic quest to bring back a fallen star as a token of his love for beautiful , aloof Victoria  Sienna Miller  . This quest takes him from an English village -- "  Wall " -- into another land , Stormhold , a magical realm where the star in question has transformed into Yvaine  Claire Danes  . She 's blonde and grumpy , but obviously a better bet than you-know-who -- if only Tristran would stop mooning over the girl he left behind . Stormhold is home to a rapidly dwindling family of fratricidal princes vying for the throne . The last men standing , Septimus and Primus  Mark Strong and Jason Flemyng  are also after the star , glumly observed from the monochromatic sidelines by their five murdered brothers . Then there 's the wicked witch Lamia  Michelle Pfeiffer  and her two evil sisters . Their magic is on the wane , but a fresh injection of stardust will restore their youth and vitality . Lamia means to intercept Yvaine , pluck out her heart and eat it raw . Fava beans apparently are optional . Adapted from Neil Gaiman 's novel by Jane Goldman and director Matthew Vaughn , "  Stardust " gets off to a false start with a prologue told in such broad strokes it comes off as crude and supercilious , even with no less a personage than Sir Ian McKellen narrating . But this richly plotted , thumpingly scored story settles into a groove as soon as Yvaine enters the picture and the chase is on . Cut from the same slightly damp cloth as Orlando Bloom , Charlie Cox is dashing and bumbling in roughly equal measure -- a quintessentially English combination that will either have you swooning or groaning . As usual , Claire Danes radiates intelligence , but struggles with the naiveté required to offset her character 's crankiness . Whatever you make of the young folk , there 's no question that the real star power emanates from a delectably witchy Michelle Pfeiffer and Robert De Niro , very droll as a pirate captain by the name of Shakespeare who has a surprising skeleton in his closet . It 's also the case that they have the best props . Apparently having the time of her life at 48  she 's already been a hoot in "  Hairspray "  , Pfeiffer clearly savors playing a woman who ages another notch with every spell she casts . De Niro , for his part , mans the helm of an airship that 's part galleon , part zeppelin , and he smuggles lightning bolts for a living . This elaborate strain of fantasy meshes easily enough with a cheeky , Monty Pythonish sense of humor , even if the mild ribaldry makes it a questionable proposition for kids . Still , this handsomely produced movie marks a significant step up in scale and accomplishment for Guy Ritchie 's producer , Vaughn , whose only previous directing effort was the gangster thriller "  Layer Cake . " For a generation that grew up on "  The Princess Bride , " it 's got to feel like a long-overdue happy ending . "  Stardust " is rated PG-13 and runs 128 minutes . For Entertainment Weekly 's take , click here . E-mail to a friend	"  Stardust " a terrific adventure The witty , imaginative fairy tale stars Claire Danes and Charlie Cox Cast features Michelle Pfeiffer , Robert De Niro and Ian McKellan Film based on novel by Neil Gaiman
EW.com  -- It looks like "  Teen Mom 's " Jenelle Evans is expecting again . The 21-year-old star of the MTV reality show , who 's had a slew of legal troubles , is reportedly expecting a child with her husband , Courtland Rogers . Evans confirmed the news exclusively to Star magazine and tweeted a link to a Radar.com report earlier today that says she 's due in September . "  Me and Jenelle are so happy that she 's pregnant , " Rogers , who has a daughter that lives with his ex , told Star . 25 songs to hear before Grammys Evans also has a son , Jace , from a prior relationship , who is in the custody of her mother . UPDATE : MTV Act Blog has confirmed the news . "  I missed a few birth control pills , and found out I was pregnant at a doctor 's appointment , " Evans told MTV Act . "  I was really surprised . This was n't planned , but it happened , so we 're taking it as we go . Courtland and I are happy and excited now . " See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Teen Mom 's " Jenelle Evans is expecting again Evans confirmed the news exclusively to Star magazine Evans also has a son , Jace , from a prior relationship
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The investigation into the massive Station fire north of Los Angeles is underway with authorities working to determine how the raging fire started , fire officials in California said Wednesday . A massive wildfire burns Tuesday near a house in La Crescenta , California , near Los Angeles . Despite reports that U.S. Forest Service spokesman Carlton Joseph said the fire burning in the Angeles National Forest was "  human-caused " -- either accidentally or intentionally -- other officials insisted that the cause of the fire is under investigation , and natural sources have not been ruled out . "  That information is not validated -- that 's why we 're investigating , " Angeles National Forest supervisor Jody Noiren told reporters Wednesday , referring to the human-caused report . Thousands of anxious Southern California residents have been displaced by the Station fire burned 140,150 acres by Wednesday . However , Fire Chief Mike Dietrich with the U.S. Forest Service characterized Wednesday as a "  good day , " noting the fire is 28 percent contained -- up from 22 percent the day before . "  We 're fighting for every foot of containment we can get on this fire , " Dietrich said . Watch as firefighters are forced on the defensive " He said firefighters have made progress controlling the northern and western parameters of the fire , but the top priority is to keep the southeastern corner of the fire away from areas along Interstate 210 , including Pasadena , Aracadia and Sierra Madre . The blaze is headed toward the San Gabriel Wilderness Area of the Angeles forest . The San Gabriel represents the eastern edge of the fire , he said . Nearly all of the fire was in forest land and the nearby foothill communities , including La Canada-Flintridge , La Crescenta and Acton . "  This is a very complicated situation , and it continues to be complicated as it moves east , " Dietrich said . Residents have fled from 10,000 homes along the edges of the Angeles Forest since the fire started last Wednesday . However , the majority of evacuees were allowed back in their homes by Wednesday . Noiren said two dozen Forest Service workers also were displaced by the fire , and the agency lost an entire fire station to the blaze . See images of the wildfire " Beth Halaas sifted through the ashes of her family 's charred home in Los Angeles County , trying to find something to salvage . "  It 's stuff . Hold on to some of it for traditions . But you 've got to remember it 's just stuff , " she said on CNN 's "  Campbell Brown . " See where the fire is burning " Noel and Marta Rincon had to evacuate their home in Tujunga , on the western side of the fire . Fire was actively burning in the Little Tujunga canyon area , according to fire officials . "  I thought that we were losing our home , " the husband said of the residence where he was born and the couple raised their family . When a Sky Crane helicopter doused the flames before they could reach the structure , the two were visibly relieved . "  It 's very scary , " the wife said , "  but our captain over here keeps assuring us our house is very savable and that we are going to be fine . " See how these wildfires grow " The fire has destroyed 64 homes , three commercial properties and 49 outdoor structures since it began on August 26 , authorities said . The state has spent about $ 27 million so far fighting the fire in the Angeles National Forest , Dietrich said . Earlier , Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger was asked about the cost of the firefighting , given the state 's precarious financial position . Watch as governor urges residents to heed evacuation orders " "  I 've made it clear that even though we have a budget crunch and we have an economic crisis and we just solved a $ 23 billion deficit , we will always have the money available to fight the fires because public safety is our No. 1 priority , " Schwarzenegger responded . That budget gap covers two years . Watch homeowner : "  It 's completely bombed out " " The governor said he insisted that the state budget he signed in July have a $ 500 million reserve for emergencies such as fires . California has had 5,000 blazes so far this year , he said . He said 21 firefighters have been injured battling the Station Fire , in addition to the two killed Sunday in a vehicular crash trying to escape fast-moving flames . Wednesday 's valley and desert temperatures could reach 103 degrees , the National Weather Service said , while mountain highs were forecast to be 100 . While potentially beneficial higher humidity was expected , thunderstorms were possible , and they could bring the danger of dry lightning that could ignite more fires , forecasters said . They also pose the danger of downdrafts that could create more fire fronts , officials said . Cooler temperatures are predicted for the weekend . Schwarzenegger declared a state of emergency Friday as a result of the Station fire . He also proclaimed a state of emergency in several other counties where fires were burning . CNN 's Sonya Hamasaki , Rob Marciano , Chad Myers , John Torigoe and Stephanie Chen contributed to this report .	NEW : Debate over whether it was human-caused -- intentional or unintentional Deadly wildfire has charred over 140,000 acres in Southern California Two firefighters killed ; fire 28 percent contained ; up from 22 percent Tuesday Residents fled from 10,000 homes since fire started last Wednesday
CNN  -- Roy Moorfield and Lau Chi-sun are in charge of one of Cathay Pacific 's most rigorous selection processes . Last week 140 candidates were brought before them and evaluated by appearance , body , character and even how bitter they are . "  Any flaws or problems here on the ground just get magnified in the air , " said Moorfield in knowing tones . While it may sound like the way stewardesses were selected some 40 years ago , Moorfield and Lau were actually in Hong Kong to pick out new additions for the airline 's wine selection . It 's a job that 's kept Moorfield busy for over 24 years as a consultant for the airline . "  It 's a dark and lonely life , " he quipped , "  but someone has to do it . " Each year around 3,000 glasses of wine are checked by the pair 's educated palates , and through blind tastings with other connoisseurs they decide what vintages will thrive at 35,000 feet and appeal to discerning drinkers in each travel class . Tannins and bitter tones in wines are exacerbated by dry cabin air and some wines do n't fare well with the vibrations from air travel and become "  bottle shocked , " the experts say . It 's often the delicate fruit tones that add a depth and richness to wines that are first to take a hit . White wines do n't have such a problem , says Moorfield , and if you like the taste of a champagne on the ground it 's more than likely to taste just as good in the air  regardless of how much you drink  . Since reds are more delicate and sensitive to flight , Moorfield admits that the Economy Class offerings ca n't compare with a glass at a wine-buff 's dinner party . However what those in First and Business Class are still some of the best around . Cathay 's new line-up includes a selection of Grand Cru from some of the most renowned vineyards in the Saint-Emilion . Read more : How airlines stand out from the competition The airline uncorked  or unscrewed for those in Economy  around 1.5 million bottles last year . For United , one of the world 's largest airlines , that figure is more like 7 million bottles , according to the airline . As well as taking a sizable chunk of an airline 's inflight catering budget , wines also contributes a large part to an airline 's image , particularly among premium passengers . Wines are increasingly "  critical " to the way an airline is perceived , believes James Ginns , Cathay Pacific 's General Manger of Inflight Services . "  People expect very good wines onboard , " he said , highlighting growing interest in wine in China and the enduring popularity of wines from France 's Bordeaux region . For vineyards , being chosen as a First and Business Class selection is also good business . "  Wineries see the first class cabin as a really sexy place to be , as a place where they want their labels to be seen , " said Doug Frost , master sommelier for United Airlines . Read more : Upcycling old aircraft For those who do n't get to taste the good stuff in the cabins at the front of the plane , Frost suggests a few tips when making a choice  if there is one  in economy cabins . "  The new world wines with their jammier fruits show a little bit better than older world wines , but that 's painting with a broad brush and ultimately it depends on personal tastes , " he says . Moorfield echoes that , eschewing any notions of wine snobbery : "  It does n't matter what it is ; you either like it or you do n't . " Cathay 's cabin crew are given tasting lessons by Moorfield and Lau so they can recommend wines with particular foods served on board , but they 're absolutely forbidden from sampling the wine while flying or taking any opened bottles home at the end of a flight . So what does happen to all those opened bottles when inflight service ends ? Oenophiles , get ready for a different kind of "  bottle shock " . "  They get poured away , " says Ginns . "  It 's to makes sure they do n't reappear on board and get served by mistake . "	Wines are affected by pressurized , drier cabin air on planes Bitterness and tannins are accentuated , fruit flavors diminished United Airlines goes through 7 million bottles of wine each year Good wines on board reflect the premium brand airlines want to present
CNN  The cost of college has rapidly increased over the past 30 years . Students today face annual costs , between tuition and living , that can easily exceed $ 10,000 at a community college , $ 18,000 at a public four-year college  in-state  , and $ 40,000 at a private four-year school . It 's unsurprising that today 's students often graduate with large debt loads . More than two-thirds of students graduate with debt . And the average amount of debt owed is about $ 30,000 . Given the cost of college , students and families need to know that they 're making a good investment . That 's why we need to move to a system where we measure learning outcomes , not just time spent in a classroom accumulating credits . A college degree is the only sure path to middle-class security , and because young people and their parents know that , the cost of college , and the availability of loans and other aid , has become a powerful political issue . But for all the attention paid to the price of college , we have n't given enough thought to whether students and their families are getting their money 's worth . Is American higher education worth the price ? Are students and their families getting what they 're paying for ? There 's plenty of evidence that for many of them , the answer is no . In 2006 , a government study found that nearly 70 % of college graduates could not perform basic tasks like comparing opposing editorials . In a 2011 book , "  Academically Adrift , " researchers studied 2,000 students at two dozen universities over four years and found that 45 % of them showed no significant gains on a test of critical thinking , complex reasoning , and communication skills after two years of college . Even at the end of four years , 36 % of the students had n't gained those skills . Given the evidence , maybe it 's not a surprise that employers are n't impressed by recent college graduates . Employers want the skills that higher education says it provides to students : the ability to critically think , communicate , work in a team , write effectively , and adapt . Yet only about one-quarter of employers say that colleges and universities are doing a good job in preparing students effectively for the challenges of today 's global economy . A recent Gallup poll found that only 11 % of business leaders strongly agreed that college graduates have the skills necessary to succeed on the job . In addition to money , these graduates have spent hours and hours in classrooms and taking tests , but the time does n't seem to have translated into learning . Why is this ? Perhaps it 's as simple as this : We measure education in terms of time , rather than learning . A four-year degree attests that you have acquired 120 credits . That 's an accidental result of the credit hour system , which was created by philanthropist Andrew Carnegie more than 100 years ago , for the purpose of providing struggling professors with pensions . At the turn of the 20th century , Carnegie created a $ 10 million free pension fund to help professors retire . The Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching , which was set up to administer the fund , determined that only "  full-time " faculty would qualify for pensions , which they defined as teaching 12 "  credit units , " with each unit equal to one hour of faculty-student contact time per week , over a 15-week semester . While originally a narrow measure of faculty workload , the credit hour quickly morphed into much more . The Carnegie Foundation warned against using the credit hour as a proxy for student learning , but the temptation of an easy-to-understand and seemingly standardized measure was too great to resist . It just made organizing the whole higher education enterprise much easier . If credit hours truly reflected a standardized unit of learning , they would be fully transferable across institutions . An hour in Arizona is an hour in New York . But colleges routinely reject credits earned at other colleges , suggesting that even though they use credit hours themselves , they know they are not a reliable measure of how much students have learned . Many students , however , believe the fiction that the credit hour is a standardized currency and assume that credits will transfer from one school to the next . This is an unfortunate and costly assumption , as community college students in Louisiana will tell you . Until recently , Louisiana students with an associate degree typically lost between 21 and 24 credits when transferring to a four-year state school . That 's a year of time and money lost . Given that nearly 60 % of students in the United States attend two or more colleges , the nontransfer of credits has huge costs , not only to individuals , but also to the federal government and states that are financing this duplicative classroom time . If higher education does n't trust its own credits , why should anyone else ? And Louisiana students are n't alone ; transfer students across the country lose credits , which lengthens their time to get a degree . So we have two problems : Students who have earned credits -- at great expense in time and money -- ca n't use or transfer them . Others who have accumulated costly credits have n't learned much . And then there 's a third dimension : Millions of people who have learned a great deal have no "  credit " because they learned it at the wrong place -- that is to say , not at a "  college . " Someone who has spent the last 10 years working as a nurse 's aid in a hospital who decides to go get a nursing degree has to start from scratch , taking introductory courses he could probably teach , because colleges treat those without credits as blank slates . Employees at a biotech company with a high-quality on-the-job training program might learn more than someone in a two-year college science program , but unless this training is attached to an accredited institution of higher learning , the learning wo n't "  count . " For the millions of adult workers looking to retrain and reskill , the focus on time rather than learning , especially when between family and work , their time is scarce , is a daunting proposition . State and federal governments add to the problem , because while they spend hundreds of billions on higher education each year , most of it is for time served , in the form of credit hours , rather than learning achieved . We need to stop counting time and start counting learning . What could that look like ? We do n't have to wonder ; some schools are experimenting with measuring learning rather than time -- some for decades . One relatively new program is Southern New Hampshire University 's College for America , or CfA , an online "  competency-based " Associate of Arts degree aimed at working adults . The program has no courses , no credit hours and no grades . The school has broken down what students with a degree from CfA should know and be able to do , what it calls competencies . CfA worked closely with employers to identify the competencies employers were looking for , like communication , critical thinking and teamwork . Then faculty designed real-world tasks and projects to determine whether students had mastered each competency . Unlike in credit-hour courses , CfA has no seat-time requirements . Students can move through the program as quickly as they can demonstrate mastery of the competencies . Someone who worked at a PR firm might whiz through the communications competencies and spend more time on the math competencies . And the faster students can progress , the less they will ultimately pay . Students pay $ 1,250 for all-they-can-learn in six months . This means they can spend their precious time and money learning what they do n't already know , rather than wasting it on what they already do . Students at CfA can be confident that their time and money are well spent and , at the end , they will have a very clear picture of what they know and can do . CfA is not the only one to offer this to students , nor the only model . Hundreds of schools , from Antioch to the University of Michigan to Purdue University , are looking to offer competency-based certificate , associate , and baccalaureate degree programs . How are universities staying afloat financially with such low tuition ? In many cases , the answer is surprisingly simple -- and , sadly , not commonplace in higher education -- by focusing on what students need in order to , wait for it , learn . Fancy amenities , great football teams and sprawling college campuses may bring attention , but they have little to nothing to do with student learning . Some competency-based programs do n't focus on research -- faculty are hired for specific expertise , like curriculum design , English literature or advising . Other programs use technology and data analytics to help students and faculty understand where students are doing well and where they are struggling . This allows for more targeted , personalized support by faculty . There is , however , a downside for students : Self-paced competency-based programs do not fit in neatly with the historically time-based credit hour , making it difficult for students in these types of programs to receive state and federal support . Without access to these dollars , the programs will remain one-offs and unavailable to the majority of Americans who could use them . Only recently has the federal government recognized the role it could play in encouraging the move from seat time to learning by redirecting some of its nearly $ 150 billion-plus financial aid budget . The U.S. Department of Education is encouraging innovation by colleges looking to experiment with alternatives to the credit hour , and there is strong bipartisan interest in both the House and Senate to explore innovative ways of paying for learning , rather than time . As higher education becomes increasingly necessary and expensive , measuring time rather than learning is a luxury that students , taxpayers and the nation can no longer afford . Paying for what students learn and can do , rather than how or where they spent their time , would go a long way toward providing students and the nation with desperately needed , high-quality degrees and credentials .	Is American higher education worth the price ? Are students and their families getting what they 're paying for ? Amy Laitinen : The big problem is that we measure education in terms of time , rather than learning
