Crammed into a prison cell with 36 other people , the man debated his fate as he listened to the shelling . Outside , fighters with the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria fired mortars at the anti-terrorism detention facility in Tal Afar , where fierce battles raged between the al Qaeda splinter group and Iraqi security forces . With the facility close to being overrun by ISIS fighters , the prison guards did the unthinkable . "  At about 2 a.m. , three of the guards came into our cell ... and they opened fire with a machine gun , " the man said in a video obtained by CNN . The account mirrors allegations put forward by Amnesty International , which released a report Friday saying it has evidence pointing to a pattern of "  extrajudicial executions " of Sunni detainees by government forces and Shiite militias in Tal Afar , Mosul and Baquba , cities where Iraqi forces were either routed or have been locked in fierce battles with ISIS fighters and allied Sunni militants . "  The killings suggest a worrying pattern of reprisal attacks against Sunnis in retaliation for ISIS gains , " said Donatella Rovera , Amnesty International 's senior crisis response adviser , who is currently in northern Iraq . The government is aware of the Amnesty International allegations but has yet to see any evidence , said Abdul-Sittar al-Birqdar , spokesman for the Supreme Judicial Council , which oversees the country 's judicial system . "  At this stage , this is all just media reporting , " he told CNN on Friday . "  No witnesses have come forward , and no families have come forward with such claims . No one has officially asked for an investigation . " He called for the rights group to provide evidence , saying that "  we are still monitoring and checking , and we will keep checking , " adding that "  under Iraqi law , we can not move on it without claims and evidence . " ` He was in the prison . He was killed ' Survivors and witnesses tell Amnesty International that Iraqi prison guards carried out the slaughter before Iraqi forces withdrew . A video obtained by CNN , confirmed by Amnesty International as one of the rooms where the killings took place in Tal Afar , shows a prison cell , the floor slick with blood , where bodies of men are piled on top of one another . They appear to have fallen where they were shot . In that same video , a woman in a black abaya with a printed head scarf stands over her brother , brushing flies from his body . She said she found his body among others in a room in the Tal Afar detention facility . "  He was in the prison , " said the woman , clearly in shock . "  He was killed . " Asked how many bodies were among those with her brother , she said : "  They killed a lot . I do n't know . " Bodies found in Mosul A similar scene appeared to play out at the anti-terrorism detention facility in Mosul , 50 kilometers  31 miles  from Tal Afar , Amnesty International said , where some of the dozens of bloated , twisted bodies found in a ditch were believed to have been executed by Iraqi guards before they withdrew . A man , whom CNN is not identifying at his request , said he was being held at the same facility with about 80 others . He said he was held without charges after security forces picked him up eight months earlier . "  The guards were screaming out names . They took 15 of them and handcuffed them together , " said the man , who is a university student . Then they were taken away , he said . Later , as ISIS fighters shelled the Mosul facility , detainees in one of the cells began chanting "  Allahu akbar . " That 's when , the man said , one of the guards opened a cell and threw a grenade into it . "  Thank God , they were busy with the clashes , and they did n't have time to go through all the cells , " he said . The man said militants , presumably ISIS fighters , eventually released him and the other prisoners . "  They said , ` You are free . Whoever wants to go , swear allegiance to us and you can go home , ' " he said . The man said that when he heard that bodies had been found in a ditch near an abandoned potato factory , he went to see them . And there , he said , were the bodies of some of the men taken from the detention facility . Human Rights Watch details alleged ISIS killings Stories of executions and killings by both sides have swirled since ISIS fighters seized portions of northern Iraq in a lightning advance that stunned Iraqi security forces . The Amnesty International report comes the same day that Human Rights Watch said two mass graves thought to contain the bodies of Iraqi soldiers , police and civilians , killed by ISIS fighters and their militant allies , were found in Saddam Hussein 's hometown of Tikrit . Using satellite imagery and publicly available photographs purportedly released by ISIS , Human Rights Watch said it appeared that ISIS fighters in Tikrit executed three groups of men a short distance from the former Iraqi leader 's Water Palace on the banks of the Tigris River . "  The analysis suggests that ISIS killed between 160 and 190 men in at least two locations between June 11 and 14 , " the rights group said in its report . "  The number of victims may well be much higher , but the difficulty of locating bodies and accessing the area has prevented a full investigation . " Who is the ISIS ? U.S. has armed drones over Baghdad , official says ISIS gains in Iraq put Saudi forces on highest alert	One man says security force members shot , killed prisoners as ISIS fighters approached A woman says she found brother 's body among many others at Tal Afar facility Amnesty International alleges that government forces , Shiite militias executed Sunni detainees Human Rights Watch finds mass graves thought to hold those killed by ISIS fighters , their allies
CNN  As a proud pro-Israel American , I am grateful that an Israeli prime minister has been invited to address Congress for a third time -- a high honor shared only by Sir Winston Churchill . Yet in the middle of an Israeli election and with a congressional battle over Iran sanctions looming , sometimes an invitation is more political gamesmanship than diplomatic honor . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and House Speaker John Boehner 's latest gambit -- arranging an address to a joint session of Congress by the Prime Minister just two weeks before the Israeli election -- is severely taxing our special relationship . With mixed emotions , I find myself empathizing with the Jewish leader who told Israeli columnist Chemi Shalev : "  I was literally sick to my stomach when I heard about it . " White House spokesman Josh Earnest diplomatically called the invitation "  a departure from protocol , " and even staunch pro-Israel advocate and Anti-Defamation League head Abe Foxman termed it "  ill-advised . " Sadly , this invitation is glaring evidence that Israel is becoming a partisan football , a wedge issue cynically manipulated to grab headlines and seek political gain . We saw this dynamic play out in the 2012 presidential race when Mitt Romney 's campaign attempted to peel off Jewish voters from President Obama by insinuating that Obama had thrown Israel "  under the bus . " It did n't work then , though the tactic will likely rear its ugly head again in the next race for the White House . And it 's not likely to work now for Boehner , who is essentially enlisting the Israeli leader to help him try to deal the President of the United States a political blow by derailing nuclear negotiations with Iran through legislating new sanctions . Unfortunately , although the Republican Party is clearly hoping to hobble the current president 's agenda , the real impact of the speaker 's political stunt is likely to be a further erosion of the bipartisan nature of support for Israel , at a time when Israel increasingly needs America 's backing as a bulwark against its growing international isolation . Secretary of State John Kerry held a lengthy meeting with Israel 's ambassador to the United States on Tuesday , a day before the Washington visit was announced , a senior administration official told CNN . The Israeli government was being accused of assassinating an Iranian general on the Israel-Syria border , and the White House was , according to eminent Israeli journalist Nahum Barnea , exerting significant effort in an attempt to de-escalate the situation with Iran . Yet in an example of what Barnea describes as "  ingratitude of the ugliest kind , " the planned visit was not mentioned . And when Netanyahu arrives in March , he and Kerry will not meet . Americans and Israelis who care about the relationship between the two countries must work quickly to prevent relations from sinking any lower . While our militaries are still coordinating as closely as ever , and our special relationship is ultimately built on more than the chemistry between two leaders , key long-term interests of both countries hang in the balance . Erosion of trust between our governments will damage our ability to work together to defeat the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , prevent a nuclear-armed Iran and establish a Palestinian state alongside Israel in peace and security . Boehner would be wise to postpone his invitation until later this spring , when the new Israeli government has been formed and the next prime minister has a fresh mandate from the Israeli people . And whoever that next leader is should make Washington his  or her  first visit , and work with the President to confront the serious challenges that our two countries face .	Invitation to Benjmain Netanyahu to speak to Congress has caused controversy Jeremy Ben-Ami : Israel is becoming partisan football in U.S.
CNN  -- Police continued their investigation Tuesday into the shooting deaths of an Army recruiter and a 17-year-old girl in Maryland that appear to be "  a murder-suicide , " Montgomery County police said . Staff Sgt. Adam Anthony Arndt , 31 , knew Michelle Lynne Miller because he supervised her recruitment as she planned to enlist in the Army Reserves after graduating high school , police said . Police found both of them dead Monday inside Arndt 's apartment in Germantown while looking into a report of a missing juvenile possibly being at that location , police said . Police broke down the door because they were unable to make contact with anyone inside . "  Detectives now believe that Arndt shot Miller and then shot himself , " police said in a statement . Miller was a senior at Rockville High School , police said . Miller 's father , Kevin , told CNN affiliate WJLA that he believes his daughter was lured to Arndt 's residence after she received a call Sunday night from Arndt , who was threatening suicide . His daughter raced to his home in her mother 's car , her father said . Miller had just been accepted at Arizona State University and enlisted to help pay the tuition , her father said . She wanted to be a psychotherapist , he said . Arndt was apparently in violation of Army recruiting regulations because a recruiter is n't "  allowed to have anyone who would be considered influenced by your position in the Army in your private home , in your dwelling place , " said Kathleen Welker of the U.S. Army Recruiting Command . When asked if the recruit 's presence in Arndt 's residence violated regulations , Welker stated : "  I would say it appears that way . But it is being investigated by the police and by our Criminal Investigation Division . " A recruiter is also prohibited from having any sort of relationship with someone applying for military service , Welker said . Arndt worked at the recruitment center in Gaithersburg , Maryland , she said .	An Army recruiter shoots a recruit , 17 , and then himself , police say Staff Sgt. Adam Anthony Arndt , 31 , supervised the recruitment of Michelle Miller Her father says she raced to the home of Arndt , who threatened suicide She wanted to become a psychotherapist , her father says
CNN  -- Bayern Munich beat Chelsea on 5-4 penalties to win a pulsating UEFA Super Cup showdown in Prague Friday after equalizing with the last kick of extra time . Down to 10 men but leading 2-1 , Chelsea looked set to hand Jose Mourinho the first silverware of his second reign until Javi Martinez found the net for the European champions to force the penalty shootout . Both sides had a perfect record from the spot kicks until 20-year-old Romelu Lukaku stepped up to deliver a tame effort which was comfortably saved by Manuel Neuer . So instead it was Pep Guardiola , a bitter rival of Mourinho when the pair managed Barcelona and Real Madrid in La Liga , who landed his first trophy since taking over at Bayern in the summer . For Chelsea , it was a second successive defeat in the UEFA Super Cup , having been beaten 4-1 by a Radamel Falcao inspired Atletico Madrid in Monaco last year . But they will take heart from their performance in a match in which they twice led only for Bayern to show their typical resilience by pulling them back . Fernando Torres put Chelsea ahead with a crisp finish from an Andre Schurrle cross in the eighth minute . It was a lead which lasted until the second minute of the second half when Franck Ribery leveled with a 20 meter effort which beat Petr Cech at his near post . Bayern were on top , but Chelsea fashioned the best chances as Branislav Ivanovic rattled the crossbar with a header and Neuer was forced to save from a David Luiz header . Chelsea midfielder Ramires departed for a rash challenge on Mario Gotze which earned a second yellow card and the omens did not look good for the English Premier League side heading into extra time . But those fears were dispelled when Eden Hazard lit up the Eden Arena with a fine solo goal , Neuer at fault as the eventual low shot eluded him . Cech made amends for his error on Ribery 's earlier goal with a pair of stunning saves from Mario Mandzukic and Ribery . But he could not keep out Martinez 's late effort which so cruelly denied Chelsea . A defiant Mourinho said his team deserved better . "  The best team clearly lost the match , we played with ten men for a long period against the European champions and we have only reason to be proud , " he told ITV Sport .	Bayern Munich win UEFA Super Cup on penalties Romelu Lukaku 's penalty saved by Manuel Neuer Bayern equalized for second time with final kick of extra time Chelsea down to 10 men after 86 minutes when Ramires red carded
CNN  -- After President Barack Obama made his tepid endorsement of same-sex marriage last week , the pundits , from Fox News all the way to The New York Times , quickly pivoted from asking why to whether it will hurt him politically . But there is a more interesting question : How , in less than a decade , did America go from being a country in which some states punished gay sex with criminal penalties to one in which the highest elected official in the land now champions the right of same-sex couples to marry ? The answer can be found in the interaction between supporters of marriage equality and the Christian conservative movement over the past few decades . As late as the 1980s , same-sex marriage was on virtually no one 's radar screen . In 1972 , the U.S. Supreme Court found the idea of a legal right of same-sex couples to marry so outlandish that it dismissed a Minnesota case presenting the issue without bothering to write an opinion . At the time , the gay rights movement was understandably focused on combating private violence and public discrimination . No single factor explains the movement 's shift to the goal of marriage equality , but much of the credit must go to the very religious conservatives who assiduously campaigned against same-sex marriage , thus forcing the issue onto the front burner of American politics . It happened like this : In 1993 , in the case of Baehr v. Lewin , the Hawaii Supreme Court decided that the state 's prohibition on same-sex marriage was discriminatory . In 1998 , Hawaii 's voters passed a referendum giving the legislature the right to declare same-sex marriage illegal , but in the meantime , social conservatives had taken the issue to the national stage , where it promised to pay handsome dividends . Same-sex marriage was still so unpopular that in 1996 , tremulous Democrats joined Republicans in overwhelmingly passing the Defense of Marriage Act , or DOMA , signed by President Bill Clinton . That act defined marriage at the federal level to mean only heterosexual marriage and authorized states to deny recognition to same-sex marriages performed in other states -- even though , at the time , no state had authorized the practice . DOMA was thus a preemptive strike by the opponents of marriage equality . But the act helped to call into being the very marriage equality movement it aimed to combat . Encouraged by their surprising , if temporary , success in Hawaii , and outraged by the blatantly homophobic arguments that had been made in favor of DOMA , the lesbian/gay/bisexual / transgender movement reluctantly began to turn its energy and resources toward the goal of marriage equality . This was a fundamental shift , not made without controversy within the movement , where many worried that calling for marriage equality would unleash the fury of the Christian Right . Whereas many activists had given higher priority to such issues as employment discrimination , HIV/AIDS education and protection against hate crimes , the denial of marriage equality now came to be seen as a broad symbol of second-class citizenship for LGBT Americans . Obama 's declaration of his support for marriage equality the day after North Carolina residents banned both same-sex marriage and civil unions in a referendum is only the latest encapsulation of the dialectical interaction of movement and countermovement : Each effort to limit marriage equality has led to a countereffort on behalf of equal rights . As the first African-American president , Obama could not be seen to stand on the wrong side of the most prominent civil rights struggle of our time . Americans increasingly see laws that deny a person the right to marry someone of the same sex as reminiscent of the ugly laws that once forbade interracial marriage . The rest is , if not yet history , at least a well-known story . Although same-sex marriage remains illegal in most of the United States , and the issue may yet play to Mitt Romney 's advantage in November , time is on the side of equality . Those of us who favor same-sex marriage are rightly grateful to Obama for having come off the fence . But we should also thank religious conservatives for having put the president on the fence in the first place . Were it not for their opposition to same-sex marriage , it might have taken much longer for Americans to take up the cause . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael C. Dorf and Sidney Tarrow .	Michael Dorf and Sidney Tarrow : How did gay marriage issue move to forefront so quickly ? They say LGBT people had been quiet on it ; issue came up when Hawaii court ruled for it They say conservatives pushed back hard , and the marriage equality movement started Writers : If right had n't brought national opposition , issue would have remained under the radar
Health.com  -- Diet drugs have had a rough year in 2010 . In October , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration  FDA  nixed not one but two new weight-loss drugs , lorcaserin and Qnexa , because of possible links to cancer  lorcaserin  and heart problems  Qnexa  . But this week an FDA advisory committee gave the thumbs up to a third drug , Contrave , meaning there could be a new tool on the horizon for battling obesity . The FDA does n't have to approve the drug , but often follows its panels ' advice . And really , doctors could use one . Previous attempts to find safe diet drugs that work by controlling appetite have met with some success , but most have been doomed by side effects . Fen-phen , heavily marketed in the 1990s , caused heart valve problems while rimonabant became linked with suicidal thinking and depression , leading an FDA advisory committee to recommend against approving it in 2007 . Health.com : 10 things to say to someone with depression "  That was the drug we were waiting for , " says Jacob Warman , MD , chief of endocrinology at the Brooklyn Hospital Center in New York . "  We thought it would be the next big blockbuster drug for weight loss . " It was n't . Nor was Meridia  sibutramine  , which Abbott Laboratories voluntarily withdrew from the market in October due to an increased risk for heart attack and stroke . All of the drugs worked through different neurotransmitters in the brain to suppress appetite . The only drug on the market specifically approved for dieters is orlistat , sold as Xenical and Alli , which prevents the breakdown of fat in the intestines . It was the last diet drug approved by the FDA in 1999 . Health.com : 36 holiday foods you should n't eat So what 's different about Contrave ? Unlike various predecessors , most of which fell by the wayside because of side effects , Contrave combines two older medications into one that experts hope will help push off the pounds -- safely . "  It 's kind of a neat little approach . They 've taken two drugs that have been around for a very long time with relatively good safety profiles and put them together , hoping that the combined action might be better at controlling eating , " says Paul Kenny , PhD , associate professor of molecular therapeutics at Scripps Research Institute in Jupiter , Florida . "  It 's a double whammy . " The two drugs are naltrexone , used to treat alcohol and cocaine addiction , and bupropion  known mainly as Wellbutrin  , an antidepressant , which also helps people quit smoking . Health.com : 10 surprising facts about antidepressant Together , the compounds affect both appetite or satiety and motivation , or the drive to eat , says Gene-Jack Wang , MD , a senior scientist with Brookhaven National Laboratory in Upton , New York . Naltrexone impacts the brain 's opioid receptors , which are involved in feelings of pleasure and reward . "  One of the reasons we eat cheesecake or something that 's really good is to stimulate the opioid system , " Kenny explains . "  Naltrexone blocks that to some degree . " Bupropion increases brain levels of dopamine , the notorious "  feel good " chemical that is also released when cocaine or amphetamines are taken . "  It gives you a little kick so you feel okay and do n't have to look for food , " says Dr. Wang . "  It 's very similar to amphetamines , but it 's not so effective , -LSB- which is -RSB- better because if it 's too effective , it makes you more addicted . " Health.com : America 's healthiest mall food "  Many of the neurotransmitters bupropion increases are involved in satiety -- you 've eaten enough , " adds Kenny . "  Giving bupropion is one way of tricking the brain into thinking you 're full . " In one study , the average weight loss for a group taking a higher dose  32 mg  of naltrexone plus bupropion for about a year was 6.1 % while for a lower dose  16 mg  it was 5 % .  People taking a placebo had an average weight loss of 1.3 % .  However , only half the participants who started the trial actually finished it . People taking the drug combo were more likely to report nausea , headache , constipation , dizziness , and vomiting than those taking a placebo . And while promising , the drug is still not in the clear in terms of safety . The FDA committee was divided on Contrave 's safety profile , with members ultimately voting in favor of conducting further studies on whether it might lead to heart attacks , stroke , and increased blood pressure . Personalized tips for managing diabetes : Take this test "  Obesity is really a crisis , " says Michael Aziz , MD , an internist with Lenox Hill Hospital in New York City . Two-thirds of the U.S. adult population is either overweight or obese while a growing number of adolescents are climbing into the danger range , many developing type 2 diabetes at younger and younger ages . Health.com : Could you have Type 2 ? 10 diabetes symptoms Right now , there are few effective tools to aid in the effort , though , ultimately , many experts feel the answer to America 's obesity lies not with a drug but , rather , lifestyle changes . "  The problem is not a pill but the way we live our lives , " Aziz says . "  I do n't think any medication -LSB- will work -RSB- without behavior change , " Wang agrees . "  If you do n't change your behavior , nothing will help you . " Contrave is made by Orexigen Therapeutics Inc. . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	FDA nixed not one but two new weight-loss drugs in 2010 Contrave got a thumbs up , meaning there might be a new tool for battling obesity Contrave combines naltrexone and Wellbutrin into one drug
CNN  Two years ago in a less turbulent time , Mike Premeau and Kathy Danke launched a small business , Memories Gourmet Pizza Co. , in their Wisconsin town . The two were successful in getting their line of frozen pizzas , including breakfast pizzas and gluten-free options , in stores across Nichols , west of Green Bay . They grew a base of loyal customers . But all that was threatened this week when people began mistaking them for Memories Pizza of Walkerton , Indiana , which made national headlines after its owners said they would refuse to cater a same-sex wedding . People posted angry comments on Memories Gourmet Pizza 's Facebook page and called its phone number to protest . And almost overnight , Premeau and Danke found themselves thrust unwillingly into a national debate over Indiana 's controversial Religious Freedom Restoration Act . "  My stomach was in my throat all afternoon , " Danke told CNN affiliates WBND and WFRV . "  All of a sudden , our Facebook page started getting flooded , " Premeau said . "  I was shocked . It was like I was a rat running around in a cage , wondering what 's going on here . " In a cruel coincidence , the flood of outrage began on Wednesday , April Fool 's Day . "  If I 'm ever in the area , I 'll be sure to starve to death before I give you and you intolerance any of my money ! " wrote one commenter on Facebook . "  I do n't have much of a message , except that I hope your bigotry puts you out of business very quickly , " a man said in a voice mail . Indiana pizzeria finds itself at the center of ` religious freedom ' debate Premeau thinks the firestorm was sparked by people Googling "  Memories Pizza " and confusing the two businesses -- despite the fact that Nichols and Walkerton are in separate states and almost 300 miles apart . He and Danke tried to defuse the outcry with a Facebook post saying in part , "  We are not that company in Indiana , nor do we agree or condone their words or actions . " In response , they began getting messages of support on Facebook , along with a few sharp-tongued comments from supporters of the other Memories Pizza . Premeau said he also got a call from a man whose initial post may have set off the social media storm , apologizing for the mistake . Still , he worries that damage to his wholesale pizza business may have been done . "  This misinformation and this defamation of character could cause me to lose the business over someone else 's identity in another state , " he said .	A Wisconsin pizzeria is harassed by people confusing it with one in Indiana Owners of Memories Gourmet Pizza Co. have gotten angry calls , Facebook posts Memories Pizza of Walkerton , Indiana , made headlines amid "  religious freedom " debate
CNN  -- Americans and other foreigners were among those caught up in the bloodshed and chaos of the terror attacks in Mumbai , India , on Wednesday and Thursday . A foreign national held hostage by gunmen for nearly 24 hours is released from the Oberoi hotel in Mumbai . At least six foreigners were among the 125 dead , police said . Targets included two luxury hotels , the Oberoi and the Taj Mahal , as well as a cafe popular with Western tourists . A man told a local television station that he was in the Oberoi around 10 p.m. Wednesday when gunmen entered the lobby and began rounding up guests , asking for anyone with a U.S. or British passport and taking about 15 of them hostage . Fire raged at the Oberoi , the scene of much bloodshed as explosions and gunshots rang out Thursday morning . Outside the Taj Mahal , screaming and fighting broke out as reporters scrambled to capture the chaotic scene . Australian filmmaker Anthony Rose told CNN that he had just arrived at the Oberoi hotel when he heard gunshots in the lobby and saw a fellow Australian shot in the leg and then shot at close range in the head by one of the attackers . He said that he and others in his film crew fled through back doors in the hotel to escape the shooters . Among those killed in the two days of violence was British yachtsman Andreas Liveras , according to St. George 's Hospital in Mumbai . At least one French national is trapped in the Oberoi hotel , according to the French Foreign Ministry in Paris . A woman from Nashville , Tennessee , was shot in the arm and leg by the attackers , who barged into a ballroom at her hotel , her husband told CNN affiliate WSMV . Andi Varagona operates a holistic health clinic in Nashville and was in Mumbai for training , her husband , Santos Lopez , told the station . According to Lopez , his wife called him and said , "  We were ambushed and we were shot . " When he asked Varagona if she was all right , she told him she had been shot in the leg and arm and was at that moment being wheeled into surgery , Lopez said . "  My God , I cried more than I cried in my entire life , " Lopez told WSMV . "  I mean , it 's just been so overwhelming with emotion . ... You tend to believe that things that happen in the world happen to other people , until it happens to you . " Watch hostages walk from the building looking dazed " WSMV is reporting that Varagona came out of surgery Wednesday night -- a bullet removed from her leg . An American woman , who was still inside the Taj with her husband , told CNN by phone Thursday that television feeds into the rooms had stopped and she did not know what was going on . "  We have water and we 're hunkered down and patient and ready to wait it out , " she said . "  We 're OK . Last night was a different story , but today we 're OK . " The woman , whom CNN is not identifying so as not to disclose her location to the gunmen , said she heard gunfire outside her room Wednesday night and "  a man with an American accent screaming for help . " Aparna Dash , an American who lives in Pennsylvania but is visiting Mumbai on business , was staying at the Oberoi hotel . She was on the phone with her husband , who was in the United States , when the first explosions rang out . "  She thought it was firecrackers and did n't think much of it , " her husband , Biswa Dash , told CNN . "  But then in the coming hours , she realized what was going on and all the people in the hotel began trying to get out , to rush down the stairs . " Aparna Dash had made it down to the fifth floor from her room on the 26th floor , her husband said , and found an American woman sitting on the stairs , dazed and crying . iReport.com : Are you there ? Share your story and send photos and video "  They were telling -LSB- the woman -RSB- that she needed to get up and keep moving , " said Biswa Dash , recounting what his wife told him . "  She was crying and saying that there were all these people piled on top of each other and that the armed men had come at them just straight on -- without masks , without trying to hide their faces at all . Just charging at them with their ammunition and their AK-47s . " Indian Prime Minister Moanmohan Singh said the attackers were likely foreigners , but he did not name a country where he believed they were from . Officially , the Indian authorities are saying no one has claimed responsibility . A group called the Deccan Mujahideen took credit in e-mails sent to several Indian news outlets . Authorities found 8 kilograms  17 pounds  of RDX , one of the most powerful military explosives , at a restaurant near the Taj , indicating that the attackers may have been planning more violence . A woman whom CNN is only identifying by her first name -- Andrea -- spoke to CNN from Mumbai , where she is visiting for her brother 's wedding . She is staying at a hotel a few blocks from the Taj . She heard the explosions Wednesday and then immediately got a call from her brother , who lives in Hong Kong . He was worried , saying that he had heard reports of gunfire . "  And we were like , ` Yeah , gunshots , we 're from New Orleans , whatever , ' " Andrea said . A few hours later , she said , her brother called back and said , "  This is a big deal , put on the TV . " "  That 's when we figured out what was going on , " Andrea said . "  Over the course of the night we heard maybe three explosions , some emergency vehicles , sirens . For the most part the street was really quiet , " she said . "  We 've been watching the news the whole time , just like everyone else . " She needed water , so she left her hotel and a person at a restaurant helped her , she said . She has since been in contact with the U.S. embassy and the family is moving the wedding .	NEW : Hospital : British yachtsman among those killed in attack Filmmaker describes fellow Australian being shot point-blank in the head Tennessee woman shot in arm and leg in Mumbai attacks , her husband says Witness : Gunmen entered hotel lobby asking for anyone with U.S. or British passport
CNN  -- Formula One team Marussia has asked for "  patience and understanding " regarding updates on the condition of their driver Jules Bianchi who underwent emergency brain surgery following a crash at the Japanese Grand Prix on Sunday . Bianchi suffered a "  severe head injury " after coming off the track and colliding with a recovery vehicle that was removing Adrian Sutil 's Sauber car . The German driver had come off the track at turn seven moments earlier . The 25-year-old Frenchman was taken by ambulance to hospital in nearby Yokkaichi where he remains in intensive care . "  With regard to the communication of information concerning Jules ' medical condition , we will respect , and be guided by , the wishes of the Bianchi family . Together with Jules ' care , they will remain our highest priority , " a statement on the F1 team 's official website said . "  Therefore , we would ask for patience and understanding with regard to further medical updates , which will be communicated in conjunction with the Mie General Medical Center in Yokkaichi , where Jules is being treated , when they feel it is appropriate . " Marussia say they have received a "  huge outpouring of support and affection " for the stricken driver . Sunday 's grand prix , which was won by Mercedes ' Lewis Hamilton , was contested in treacherous conditions as heavy rain from Typhoon Phanfone swept across circuit . The race was eventually stopped on lap 46 of a scheduled 53 , after Bianchi 's crash , with the track shrouded in mist and rain . Messages of support from Bianchi 's fellow drivers flooded in as news of his injury filtered through . "  Our first thoughts go to Jules , " Hamilton tweeted . "  It overshadows everything when one of our colleagues is injured and we 're praying for him . " Teammate Nico Rosberg , who finished second , echoed the Briton 's sentiments . "  We are all hoping for some positive news , " the German said . The Ferrari F1 team also tweeted messages of support -- Bianchi is part of the Italian racing marque 's driver academy . Born in Nice , Bianchi is rated one of the most promising young drivers in the sport and recently claimed Marussia 's first points in F1 with a ninth-place finish at the Monaco Grand Prix last May . Driver safety back in spotlight The crash has raised fresh questions about driver safety in F1 . Some have criticizing the FIA 's  motorsport 's governing body  race control for not deploying the safety car earlier after track conditions deteriorated . "  I was already screaming on the radio five laps before the safety car that there was too much water on the track , " Williams ' driver Felipe Massa told SkySports after the race . "  But they took a bit too long and it was dangerous . So we saw that there were some crashes at the end , " the Brazilian added . Former F1 world champion Jacques Villeneuve believes it 's time to reevaluate the protocol regarding the deployment of the safety car . "  The rules have to be changed concerning the safety car , " Villeneuve told Autosport.com . "  When I was racing , and afterwards , I was always saying that any time there is an accident there should be a safety car . "  There should not be room for judgment . If someone has to go out to pick up a car stranded on the track , it 's simple . Accident - safety car , and that 's it . "  It should have been like that for years . America has had that forever , " said Villeneuve , who was Indy Car World Series champion in 1995 . The FIA told CNN that they are currently reviewing safety procedures and will release a statement in due course . Life-threatening crashes like Bianchi 's are rare in modern F1 . The sport has n't experienced a driver fatality during a race weekend since 1994 when three-time world champion Ayrton Senna and Austrian driver Roland Ratzenberger both died at the wheel at the San Marino Grand Prix in 1994 . Today cockpits are extremely robust and rigorously tested by the FIA . Robert Kubica 's horrific crash at the Canadian Grand Prix in 2007 displayed just how resilient the monocoque structure the drivers sit in can be . Read more : Bianchi suffers ` severe head injury '	Formula One team calls for "  patience and understanding " following Jules Bianchi crash Frenchman suffered "  severe head injury " after hitting a recovery vehicle at Japan GP The 25-year-old underwent emergency surgery on Sunday and is in intensive care
CNN  -- John Miller , who has moved back and forth between public service and journalism like few others in either profession , is doing it again . This time he 's leaving CBS News , where he has been a senior correspondent for two years , and joining the New York Police Department . Miller announced his latest move on Thursday . He embodies something that is , for some media critics , a source of great concern : the so-called "  revolving door " between the people who cover the news and the people who are being covered . For CBS , he 's something else : a fount of great knowledge who will be almost impossible to replace . David Rhodes , the president of the network news division , said Miller 's decision was "  a loss for CBS . " "  He 's been really great for us , " Rhodes said in a telephone interview on Thursday . CBS allowed Miller out of his contract with the network because , as Rhodes put it , "  it would just be inappropriate to stand in the way " of a return to public service . Miller 's exact title at the NYPD is not yet known . But he 'll have a high-profile job in counterterrorism , reuniting with his former boss William Bratton , who was the commissioner of the police department in the mid-1990s and will return to that position in January . Miller worked for local television stations in New York before going to work for Bratton as a spokesman for the NYPD in 1994 . He subsequently worked for ABC News ; the Los Angeles Police Department , again under Bratton , who had become police chief there ; the FBI ; and the office of the Director of National Intelligence . In late 2011 he joined CBS as a senior correspondent . When asked at the time about Miller 's moves back and forth between journalism and law enforcement , Rhodes said , "  He understands journalistic sources and methods and he understands our values . " On Thursday , Rhodes said of the revolving-door situation and Miller , "  He 's traveled through it a number of times , " and added "  we do n't think it 's a bad thing . " Rhodes praised Miller for having an unmatched Rolodex of sources and said CBS has "  benefited from that greatly . " Among the stories Rhodes cited were the mass shootings in Aurora , Colorado , and Newtown , Connecticut , when Miller was frequently on television to share information he had obtained from law enforcement sources . Rhodes added , "  John was the reason why we did n't go with the erroneous reports of an arrest in the Boston bombings . "  A number of other news organizations , including CNN , prematurely reported an arrest had been made two days after the April explosions . "  There 's nobody like him , and I think people around the television industry would agree with that , " Rhodes said . "  They all would have liked to have him on those , and many more stories that he 's done for us . " Miller 's close relationships with law enforcement sources , however , are among the reasons why some media critics have objected to his role at CBS and his repeated transitions from public service to journalism . They say the revolving door creates conflicts of interest for Miller and reporters like him . Miller 's "  60 Minutes " report about the National Security Agency met with disapproval by media critics earlier this month in part because of his pending move to the NYPD . Michael Calderone of The Huffington Post said on CNN 's "  Reliable Sources , " "  John Miller has left journalism twice before . " Calderone listed Miller 's prior jobs and said that in the "  60 Minutes " report , "  He disclosed only one of those for law enforcement roles . " Rhodes indicated that he did n't think the report on the NSA was a conflict of interest . He said on Thursday , "  If he  Miller  was covering the NYPD , that would have been inappropriate . " Miller 's move was announced via a news report on WCBS , the CBS affiliate in New York City . In an interview , Miller alluded to the fact that he 'll be involved in the city 's counterterrorism efforts , saying of New York , "  They have certainly the biggest , most complex and forward-leaning counterterrorism operation of any police department in the world , so it will be a great challenge that I hope to rise to . " Rhodes said CBS News would seek to replace Miller soon , possibly through a combination of new hires . "  If and when he decides to return to journalism , we 'd welcome him back , " he said .	John Miller is leaving CBS News to join the New York Police Department His career has included stints in both journalism and law enforcement Some media critics call such back-and-forth changing a "  revolving door " They say the revolving door creates conflicts of interest for those in it
BEIRUT , Lebanon  CNN  -- The fiery leader of Lebanon 's Hezbollah militant movement assured Lebanon on Monday that his movement will cooperate in the country 's political life . Supporters carry posters of Hezbollah chief Hassan Nasrallah . Hassan Nasrallah said : "  We do n't want to have control over Lebanon , or to have governance over Lebanon or to impose our ideas over the people of Lebanon , because we believe Lebanon to be a special and diverse country that needs the collaboration of everyone . " Nasrallah spoke a day after Lebanon 's parliament elected Michel Sleiman the country 's president after a six-month vacancy in the position . Nasrallah , speaking at a packed stadium , told his followers : "  I renew my appeal and invitation for a true national partnership with no eliminations or impositions . The national unity government is not the victory of the opposition against the pro-government . It is the victory of all Lebanese . " He said Sleiman 's election "  renews the hope amongst the Lebanese people to a new era and a new start . " "  I must say that there are deep wounds from our side and theirs , we are both in front of two choices ; either to expand the wounds and add salt to them or try to cure them for the sake of Lebanon and we prefer the second choice . " The parliament had tried 19 times to vote on a new president , but failed because of disagreements over how to share power in a new Cabinet . Lebanon 's Western-backed government and the Hezbollah-led opposition reached a deal last week aimed at ending an 18-month political crisis that pushed the country to the brink of civil war , and paved the way for Sleiman 's election . The agreement , reached in Doha , Qatar , calls for a consensus government in which the Cabinet would be comprised of 30 posts -- 16 for the majority , 11 for the Hezbollah-led opposition and three set aside for the president to nominate . The seat allocation had been a key sticking point for the opposition , which wanted to ensure it had the power to veto major decisions . With 11 Cabinet posts , it will have that power . In exchange for the veto power and a redistricting plan ahead of next year 's elections , Hezbollah agreed to end its sit-in protest that has paralyzed downtown Beirut since late 2006 . In his speech , Sleiman expressed gratitude to Qatar and to the Arab League for helping broker the deal . Sleiman was the consensus candidate , and is viewed as a neutral party by Lebanon 's political factions . The nation 's previous presidents have been seen as either pro-Syrian or pro-Western . In his 10 years as chief of the army , Sleiman also is believed to have unified the splintered military . However , he inherits a nation grappling with divisions . Lebanon 's elected , pro-Western government has long been locked in a power struggle with Hezbollah . In public statements and demonstrations in recent years , Hezbollah threatened to use its power and popularity to oust the Sunni-led government , triggering fears of a new civil war that could further destabilize the volatile region . The election helped end a political crisis that deteriorated into violence this month . That crisis was defused when the Lebanese government gave in to two key Hezbollah demands -- lifting a government ban of Hezbollah 's telecommunications system and reinstating the chief of security at Beirut 's airport . "  The performance of the opposition proved that it did not organize a coup , but only wanted the illegal government to withdraw its two decisions , " Nasrallah said . "  I promise that the opposition 's representation in the government will not be monopolized by Hezbollah , Amal and the Change and Reform bloc . We will give other opposition parties shares - and unfortunately we must speak of shares - even if it is at the expense of Hezbollah 's shares . " Hezbollah has been linked to numerous terrorist attacks against U.S. , Israeli , and other Western targets and the United States lists it as a terrorist organization . But many in Lebanon and other parts of the Middle East -- particularly Shiites -- view Hezbollah militants as freedom fighters .	Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah says Lebanon needs collaboration of everyone Nasrallah praises election of Michel Sleiman as president after six months Election comes after Hezbollah and government agreed power-sharing deal Sleiman is considered a consensus president in the divided country
The Frisky  -- You do n't have to be Jennifer Aniston to think that the four women who Krazy-Glued a cheater 's penis to his stomach were way harsh and beyond psycho . If your ex 's loved ones ask why you broke up , it 's OK to admit he cheated on you , writer says . But in our less scrupulous/mature moments , many of us want to punish a particularly nasty ex , especially if he was a cheater . Ladies , let 's keep it legal  and Krazy Glue-free  , OK ? Here are 10 ideas : 1 . Email his crappiest crap e-mail to Jezebel.com 's Crap E-mail From A Dude and when they publish it , discreetly post the link as your GChat away message . 2 . Call up your hottest platonic male friend , grab your digital camera and go do something adorable together . Now it 's time to create a Facebook photo album full of pics of you looking smiley .  Bonus points if your ex was slightly paranoid that this guy had a thing for you  . The Frisky : Possible to remain friends with an ex ? 3 . Permanently adopt that comfy sweatshirt he left at your place . Especially if he 's the one who caused the breakup , he probably does n't have the cojones to ask for it back now . 4 . Gain that extra 10 lbs that fills you out nicely , like Joan Holloway on "  Mad Men " ... 5 . ... or lose that extra 10 lbs so you can fit into your sexy jeans again . Either way , this also requires a Facebook photo album . The Frisky : How Joan Holloway gives me confidence 6 . You might hear from his mom , sisters , or other family members you were close to after the breakup , especially if you dated for a long time . Airing too much of your dirty laundry to them will make you look like a psycho . But if he did cheat on you  and you did n't cheat back  , it could n't hurt to mention how his bad behavior led to the split . The Frisky : 10 rules on way men and women eat Dude sure as hell did n't tell them the truth about why you broke up ! And any mom or sister worth her salt will tear your ex a new one when they learn that 's why he lost a great girl like you . The Frisky : Continue relationships with an ex 's loved ones ? 7 . Ignore every single text , Tweet , Facebook poke and email from here on out . But kept posting stuff on your social networking sites on the regular . 8 . If you 're a songwriter or a poet , well , you know what to do . The creep who caused Ani Di Franco 's song "  Untouchable Face " probably has n't forgotten what he did . 9 . Penning aggressive-aggressive emails  as opposed to passive-aggressive ones  is always therapeutic . The Frisky : Passive aggressive notes Web site 10 . Spend a few months feeling down . Indulge in some therapy . Do some fun things single women do . Work extra-hard at your job and get a promotion . Go take a trip or buy some new clothes . Whenever you 're ready , go meet a new guy . Fall in love . Have tons of great sex . Laugh a lot . Talk about baby names and where you want your honeymoon to be . The next time you run into your ex , mention all the great things that have happened in your life since you broke up ... or just smile . The Frisky : Happy to be single TM &  2009 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	If your ex cheated on you , there are legal ways to get even Do whatever it takes to look your best , post pix on Facebook with male friend If his mom or sister ask about breakup , tell them he cheated on you Ignore all social media contact from him . But post a song about his cheating ways
CNN  -- Abelardo Joya 's life and livelihood vanished in a matter of seconds . When a fumigation plane flew over his farm in September 2010 , mistakenly targeting his crops with coca eradication chemicals , his small cacao , yucca and plantain plants did n't stand a chance . Brown and crisp , they can no longer produce food . Joya , his four children and his pregnant wife , Olga , fled to a city slum more than eight hours away and prayed they would be able to return to lush green land someday . They are among Colombia 's more than 3 million desplazados , or displaced population . The founders of Give Us Names , a nonprofit organization trying to turn an international spotlight on the plight of displaced farmers in Colombia , want to make sure Joya 's voice is heard . "  We 're an organization that believes in story telling as a means to bridge the gap between the United States and the developing world , " Give Us Names co-director and editor Dan Roge said . Headquartered in Atlanta , Give Us Names released its first documentary , "  Leaving La Floresta , " in September . It tells Joya 's story in an effort to end displacement in Colombia caused by illicit crop fumigations . These aerial fumigations are heavily funded as a part of Plan Colombia , a complex $ 7.5 billion program started in 1999 during the Clinton administration . Plan Colombia supports the nation 's efforts against the drug trade by investing in various military and anti-drug operations . "  The aerial eradication program run by the government of Colombia has been extraordinarily successful , " said James Story , director of the Narcotic Affairs Section at the U.S. Embassy in Bogot . He said coca cultivation in the South American country has decreased about 40 % and cocaine production has dropped 60 % since Plan Colombia 's inception . He also said homicides are down by 50 % , and terrorism and kidnappings are down more than 90 % . Displacement in Colombia is extraordinarily complex , Story explained . He lists poverty , floods , land titling issues , violence over land , coca cultivation , and terrorism as a result of drug trafficking and child recruitment among the main drivers forcing people from their homes . "  When you take displacement out of the rather scientific and sterile ways we tend to talk about it , what you 're really talking about is human beings that are being pulled away from their trades , " Roge said . "  Things they know how to do , things that give them value ... and that is a deeply human and tragic issue of dignity . " According to a 2010 United Nations report , Colombia has the world 's highest rate of internal displacement . "  We kept researching the top humanitarian crises in the world , and Colombia kept coming up again and again on the top of that list , " documentary co-director Caleb Collier explained . Give Us Names spent months traveling , researching and filming in Colombia . "  We knew we wanted to get specific , to find a story to tell . We had searched for someone who would open their lives to us and tell us about the issue of displacement . " Give Us Names met Joya through a partner organization several months before his legal crops were fumigated . Their relationship helped narrow the organization 's focus to displacement caused by fumigation . The documentary reports that Joya 's neighbor 's coca crop -- plants whose leaves are processed to make cocaine -- remained untouched by the herbicide . "  If your neighbor is growing coca , every attempt possible is made only to spray the coca itself , " Story said . "  There is some drift that happens . It 's very minimal , within 150 meters . " Story added that a complete system in place in Colombia allows people to file formal complaints through their municipal government . If the claims are verified by vigorous review , the farmers get economic redress for any legal crops that have been damaged by the spray program . Story said few of these receive compensation for a variety of reasons , such as late filing , mixed legal and illegal crops , or lack of evidence of spray . According to documents from the anti-narcotics division of Colombia 's Polica Nacional , in 2004 , only one complaint out of 874 received payment . In 2009 , 4,442 complaints were filed . Redress was paid to 107 of those . There are few statistics detailing what percentage of displacement is caused by fumigations . CODHES , a Colombian human rights nonprofit organization , estimates that 60 % to 70 % of displaced people from the Guaviare region in 2007 and 2008 were linked to erroneous fumigations . "  Trying to get at the exact number of people who 've been displaced because of spray event is very difficult , " Story said . He placed a loose estimate at less than one-quarter of 1 % . Out of the nearly 3.5 million desplazados , that 's fewer than 9,000 people . Story also said USAID has invested $ 2.5 million in areas like La Floresta , where it works with 5,000 displaced people . "  Certainly , our program has spent over $ 1.2 million focused on providing economic redress for those people who 've been affected wrongly by the spray program , " he said . "  It 's a very rare and unfortunate thing that happens . Each individual case is a tragedy in itself . " "  Leaving La Floresta " also explores alternative solutions . Give Us Names partners with other organizations to place displaced farmers in co-operative-style communities . "  We want something better for Abelardo , " Collier said . "  And because we want something better for Abelardo , we 're gon na work to make sure it happens . So we 're storytellers , but we 're characters within that story at the same time . " Give Us Names insists it is n't criticizing the Colombian government . "  We 're not attacking them at all , " Collier said . "  We 're saying on our side as U.S. citizens , we see that our policy 's not going the way it should be . So let 's talk with the Colombian government , the U.S. government , with different NGOs on the ground , and see what are the best ways to move forward . " Accin Social , the government entity that assists displaced people , said it does not consider these types of displaced farmers among its statistics . CNN 's Andrs Gay and Wes Little contributed to this report .	A new documentary shows the plight of displaced farmers in Colombia Some are dispaced because of aerial fumigations intended for illicit crops , group says The U.N. says Colombia has the world 's highest rate of internal displacement
CNN  -- When scores of disgruntled Tunisians took to the streets in January to demand the ouster of their country 's president , actor Dhafer L'Abidine was watching from afar . Based in the UK , L'Abidine , who is one of Tunisia 's most famous actors , went through a roller-coaster of emotions as he watched the unfolding of the uprising that subsequently spurred the Arab Spring . "  I was trying to keep in touch all the time and see what happens and follow the news and understand what 's happening , " remembers L'Abidine . "  You go through everything , " he says . "  Sadness , frustration and then happy moments at the end so it was a difficult time but I think it was an amazing time and I think what 's happening now is quite amazing because you 've got the first free elections coming in October -- it 's a new page in the Tunisian history . " The months of civil unrest culminated in the collapse of the regime of Tunisia 's President Zine el Abidine who ruled the country for more than 20 years . Today , the north African country is still dealing with the aftermath of the revolution but people remain optimistic that the move to democracy can still be achieved . L'Abidine , who has set up a production company in Tunisia , believes the recent events will open up opportunities for artists in the country , giving them the freedom to express themselves without any restrictions . "  Before , if you write something that does n't suit the ideas of the dictatorship or the government then there 's no way you 're going to make it , " says L'Abidine , a former football player and model . "  Now , at least we 've got the freedom to write stories that we want to tell -- the censorship is not there . I think this is a great opportunity for artists , whether singers or writers or filmmakers , just to go for it and use the opportunity into progressing the movie industry back home . " The talented actor is perhaps best-known for his part in big-budget romantic comedy "  Sex and the City 2 , " in which he played the role of a charming host whose job was to look after the film 's four main characters on a trip to Abu Dhabi . "  It was great fun , " says L'Abidine about his part in the Hollywood movie . "  I had some filming to do in New York and then in Morocco and it was a great experience -- just to be involved in such an iconic TV program and then a film , so I 'm very happy about having been part of that . " While L'Abidine has been carving a successful path as an actor in the international stage -- his work also includes roles in "  Centurion " and "  The Stone Merchant " -- he 's maintained links with the region he 's from , getting the best of the two worlds . The much-traveled actor has appeared in several TV series across the Middle East and North Africa and also presented one of the biggest talent shows in the region -- "  Prince of Poets " -- with an audience of about 20 million viewers per show . "  I 'm lucky in a way that actually I can go back to Tunisia or in the Middle East and do different roles in Arabic or sometimes in French or in English , " says L'Abidine who is fluent in four languages . "  Playing different parts and also being in England there 's a great opportunity to do different roles . " But long before wowing moviegoers , L'Abidine pursued his teenage passion for football in Tunisia , going to school during the day and training in the evening . After spending three years in France , where he studied computer science and played football , L'Abidine returned to Tunisia before relocating to the United Kingdom to follow his dream of acting . But settling in his new environment was n't without challenges -- L'Abidine , who at the time did n't speak the language , had to divide his time between studying hard and working part-time in restaurants and bars in London to support himself . "  There were hard times but now when you look back they were very useful and actually you can learn from them and they make you who you are -- at the end , you ca n't have a life experience just with good things , the difficult times are also very useful for now and for the future , " says L'Abidine . Passionate about his country , L'Abidine says January 's revolution shows the world that Tunisia is not just a tourist destination but a place with long history and rich culture . "  I 'm proud to be Tunisian and I 'm proud to what 's happening now in Tunisia and I 'm proud of the people who actually lost their lives so then people like me and others can have a better future , " he says . "  I 'm very grateful to them , I think it 's a difficult time for other counties now -- Arab countries -- because they 're going through the same process but I think the reward at the end is so great . "  I 'm positive about it and I think it 's an amazing time for the Arab world . "	Dhafer L'Abidine is one of Tunisia 's most famous actors He says there 's no more censorship in the country after January 's uprising The actor is best-known to Western audiences for his role in ` Sex and the City 2 '
President Barack Obama 's announcement that he now supports same-sex marriage reflects a dramatic shift taking place across the country . Last year , for the first time , polls found a majority of Americans share that stance . Surveys show the country 's position has undergone a rapid change over the past 15 years -- one not seen on other issues . On climate change , abortion and the death penalty , "  we 're not seeing Americans necessarily becoming more liberal , " said Frank Newport , editor in chief of Gallup . "  This one stands a little alone . " Views of same-sex marriage around the world In 1996 , Gallup found 27 % of Americans supported same-sex marriage , while 68 % opposed it . Last year , 53 % of Americans supported same-sex marriage , while 45 % opposed . This year , Gallup found the country almost evenly split , with 50 % supporting same-sex marriage and 48 % against it . Sampling error could explain the apparent change from 2011 . A CNN/ORC International poll found in September that 53 % of Americans supported same-sex marriage , up from 44 % in 2008 . American attitudes have seen dramatic changes on some other issues , Newport noted , but the changes generally have taken much longer . "  The number of people who said they would vote for an otherwise well-qualified black president used to be well below 50 % , but decades later it 's up to 95 % or higher , " he said . It 's been similar for the idea of a woman president . Two main factors are driving the increased acceptance of same-sex marriage , said David Masci , senior researcher with the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life , whose surveys have found a similar change . The first is "  a cultural shift that 's been going on for decades -- not just same-sex marriage , but broader acceptance of gays and lesbians . " He points to changing depictions of gay people and fictional characters in media -- something Vice President Joe Biden referred to Sunday on NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " Biden apologizes to Obama for putting him in tough spot The sitcom " ` Will and Grace ' probably did more to educate the American public than almost anything anybody 's ever done so far , " Biden said . The second key factor , Masci said , is young people . So-called Millennials , born since 1981 , are by far the most supportive of same-sex marriage . Obama , in announcing his new stance this week , pointed out that his daughters have "  parents whose friends are same-sex couples . It would n't dawn on them that somehow their friends ' parents would be treated differently . And frankly , that 's the kind of thing that prompts a change of perspective . " He also said college Republicans he meets , who dislike his economic and foreign policies , often express support for same-sex marriage . Pew found 63 % of Millennials support same-sex marriage , while 30 % of people born between 1928 and 1945 support it . So the changing attitudes in America are n't just the result of people changing their minds . They 're also the result of a changing electorate . As more young people become old enough to be polled and vote , and more of the oldest Americans die , the figure skews upward . Still , Pew found that even among the oldest Americans , support for same-sex marriage has gone up over the past 10 years . And while younger people sometimes move toward more conservative positions as they get older , Newport said the change on same-sex marriage "  seems like something that will stick with them . " There have been a few years recently in which polls found support for same-sex marriage had dropped slightly . However , Gallup and Pew found those in different years , and pollsters said they ca n't be sure what caused the change . An increase in opposition sometimes follows a controversial court decision , they said . Across the country , there are regional differences in where voters stand , which partly explains why North Carolina this week became the 31st state in which voters supported a constitutional amendment defining marriage as between a man and a woman . Also , the national surveys assess overall voter attitudes -- not just the attitudes of those who will show up to vote on a specific question in a specific state . While the survey trends are unmistakable , they could reverse themselves at any time , Masci says . "  One thing to be careful about is the idea of an inevitable march toward acceptance of  same-sex marriage  . If I were a betting man I would be , but there 's no guarantee , " he said . And , he said , "  it does n't mean that five or 10 years down the road we wo n't still be a divided country on this . "	Gallup and CNN polls in 2011 found the majority of Americans supported same-sex marriage Usually such changes take place over longer blocks of time , a pollster says Young adults are helping drive the shift
CNN  -- Cristie Kerr is the first player from the United States to top the women 's world rankings after her runaway victory in the LPGA Championship at Locust Hill Country Club in New York . Kerr carded a six-under final round 66 for a 19-under 269 total , leaving her 12 shots clear of the best in women 's golf . It was a record victory margin in the LPGA Championship , beating the 11-shot win for fellow American Betsy King in 1992 . Kerr was claiming her 14th career victory on the LPGA Tour and winning her second major after the 2007 U.S. Open . She led from start to finish as rounds of 68 , 66 and 69 left her eight shots clear going into Sunday 's final round . "  It 's a dream performance , " Kerr told the official LPGA Tour website . "  It 's like you wake up or you dream -- I ca n't even speak right now . Winning by two or three is great , but winning by 12 shots is ridiculous . It 's obscene . " Kerr made sure of her victory by following six straight pars with three birdies in four holes around the turn . South Korea 's Kim Song-Hee finished second with Japan 's Ai Miyazato tied for third with South Korea 's Shin Jiyai . Miyazato still leads the official money list after winning four times this season , but Kerr has overtaken her at the top of the official world rankings . She went into the major in fifth spot . Miyazato , who needed to finish in second place to keep top spot was impressed with Kerr 's performance . "  That 's almost too good , " Miyazato said . "  She 's just amazing . I played really good , too , but she is just better than me . " The close race for world number one will continue at the Jamie Farr Owens Corning Classic in Ohio next weekend , but Kerr will skip the tournament to rest ahead of the U.S. Women 's Open on July 8 . Kerr is fully aware she will now come under pressure for the top ranking . "  I 'm there now , but I have to prove that I deserve to be there , " Kerr said . "  So there is still a lot of work ahead . But it feels awfully good right now . "	Cristie Kerr tops women 's world rankings after winning LPGA Championship Kerr is the first player from the United States to achieve the honor Japan 's Ai Miyazato finishes tied for third but loses top spot to Kerr
Beijing  CNN  -- Following a day of talks , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Chinese leaders said their two nations would work together to press North Korea to tone down its provocations , amid soaring regional tensions . Speaking to reporters in Beijing , Kerry said both the United States and China are calling on North Korea to refrain from any provocative steps -- including any missile launches . But , he said , both nations want to focus on a peaceful solution , not "  threat for threat or confrontational language . There 's been enough of that . " No option was left off the table in his talks with Chinese leaders , he said . Among those he met with Saturday were Chinese President Xi Jinping , Premier Li Keqiang and State Councilor Yang . Kerry said there was no question that China was very serious about upholding international standards . As he met with Chinese President Xi Jinping , Kerry said , "  Mr. president , this is obviously a critical time with some very challenging issues -- issues on the Korean peninsula , the challenge of Iran and nuclear weapons , Syria and the Middle East , and economies around the world that are in need of a boost . " Kerry in Japan amid heightened Korean tensions In a joint statement before dinner , Kerry and Yang reaffirmed their intention to work together toward the peaceful denuclearization of North Korea . "  We agreed that this is critically important for the stability of the region and indeed for the world and for all our nonproliferation efforts , " said Kerry . "  We are committed to taking actions in order to make good on that goal and we are committed to make that goal a reality . " China 's position is "  consistent and clear cut , " Yang said . "  China is firmly committed to upholding peace and stability and advancing the denuclearization process on the peninsula . " Beijing will work with its international partners to help restart the stalled six-party talks on North Korea 's nuclear program and hold it accountable to its international agreements , he said . Opinion : Why I fled North Korea ` Mutual respect ' Meeting earlier with China 's Foreign Minister Wang Yi , Kerry said there were "  enormously challenging issues " in front of the two nations . "  I look forward to having that conversation with you today ...  to  define for both of us what the model relationship should be and how two great powers , China and the United States , can work effectively to solve problems , " he said . Wang said he hoped the two nations could work together to handle sensitive issues with "  mutual respect . " Kerry landed in Beijing after leaving Seoul , South Korea , where he pledged unbending U.S. military support against any attack from the North . Washington wants Beijing to "  stop the money trail into North Korea " and give Pyongyang a strong message that China wants the Korean Peninsula free of nuclear weapons , two U.S. administration officials said . U.S. officials said China has recently expressed frustrations over Pyongyang 's actions . "  We hear a growing tone of frustration ... in official statements from the Chinese , " an administration official said . "  China is increasingly concerned about the downstream effects of North Korea 's reckless pursuit of a nuclear missile capability and complications for China 's foreign strategic environment . " Kerry will seek to define the areas of common interest with China . "  We have a common interest in putting an end to North Korean proliferation , " a senior administration official said . "  In stopping the highly destabilizing behavior and the provocative actions of the North Koreans . " Kerry is also expected to address computer hacking coming from state-sponsored sources inside China . Should the U.S. shoot down a missile ? Support for Seoul During his visit to Seoul on Friday , Kerry said the United States would talk to North Korea , but only if the country gets serious about negotiating the end of its nuclear weapons program . "  North Korea will not be accepted as a nuclear power , " Kerry said in Seoul . His trip to South Korea came a day after a Pentagon intelligence assessment surfaced suggesting North Korea may have developed the ability to fire a nuclear-tipped missile at its foes . Disclosed first by a congressman at a hearing Thursday , and then confirmed to CNN by the Defense Department , the Defense Intelligence Agency assessment is the clearest acknowledgment yet by the United States about potential advances in North Korea 's nuclear program . U.S. officials think North Korea could test-launch a mobile ballistic missile at any time in what would be seen by the international community as a highly provocative move . But a senior administration official said there 's no indication that any such missiles are armed with nuclear material . Pentagon spokesman George Little said that "  it would be inaccurate to suggest that the North Korean regime has fully tested , developed or demonstrated the kinds of nuclear capabilities referenced " in the DIA study . The DIA has been wrong in the past , producing an assessment in 2002 that formed the basis for arguments that Iraq had nuclear weapons -- a view later found to be incorrect . Nevertheless , Kerry said any launch by North Korea would be a "  huge mistake . " North Korea 's propaganda machine grips defector 11 years on Bellicose North Despite weeks of bellicose rhetoric from Pyongyang threatening nuclear attacks on the United States , South Korea and their allies , U.S. officials have characterized the North 's saber rattling as largely bluster . South Korean Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se , speaking with Kerry on Friday , urged North Korea to open talks . "  We urge North Korea to cease its reckless behavior and to stop issuing threats , " he said . A joint statement issued by South Korea and the United States before Kerry 's departure emphasized Washington 's commitment to defending Seoul "  in the wake of recent unacceptable provocations " by the North . Before departing for Beijing , Kerry attended a meet and greet , where he called the children of diplomats to join him on stage . He told the group that their work was about making the world a safer place for the children . "  This is one of the most important places on earth , " he said , referring to the divided Korean Peninsula . It shows what life is like when people are presented with no choices . " North Korea issued a scathing warning to Japan on Friday , saying via its state news agency , KCNA , that Tokyo should "  stop recklessly working for staging a comeback on Korea , depending on its American master . " Japanese foreign minister spokesman Masaru Sato said such remarks only hurt North Korea . "  Japan would not be pushed around by rhetoric of North Korea , " he said . Japan 's Transport Ministry has issued a notice requiring its airplanes to report to the U.S. military if they fly near the U.S. military 's Kadena base in Okinawa prefecture , the Kyodo News Agency said . The notice , made at the request of the U.S. military in Japan , is believed to be part of precautions taken against possible North Korean missile launches . Five things we still do n't know about North Korea 's nukes CNN 's Jill Dougherty reported from Beijing , Jethro Mullen reported from Hong Kong and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Barbara Starr , K.J. Kwon , Tim Schwarz , Kyung Lah , Judy Kwon , Chris Lawrence , Elise Labott , Adam Levine and Michael Pearson contributed to this report .	NEW : Kerry : Both China and the U.S. call on Pyongyang to refrain from provocative steps The U.S. Secretary of State meets with China 's President Xi Jinping in Beijing Both nations voice commitment to peaceful denuclearization of Korean peninsula The U.S. will talk to North Korea , but Pyongyang has to talk giving up nukes , Kerry says
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Tim Russert 's personal physician says medics tried to save the NBC anchor shortly after he collapsed at work . Dr. Michael Newman said medics tried to revive Tim Russert several times before he died . Dr. Michael Newman told CNN 's Larry King that a defibrillator , a heart-shocking device , was used to try to save Russert . "  A resuscitation was begun almost immediately , " he said . Russert , a mainstay of television journalism 's political talk as the host of "  Meet the Press , " died of a heart attack after collapsing at NBC 's Washington bureau Friday . He was 58 . Newman appeared on "  Larry King Live " on Monday , along with Dr. Mehmet Oz , a cardiac thoracic surgeon , and Dr. P.K. Shah , King 's heart doctor . Watch Russert 's son greet guests at wake " Newman described Russert as a model patient : "  He complied with almost everything that was asked of him . " The following is an edited version of the show 's transcript : Newman : Tim had a cardiac arrest . It was related to an acute -- presumably acute dissection , rupturing plaque that 's causing a blockage of a coronary artery . He had a heart attack -- a fatal arrhythmia . Watch panel discuss if Russert 's death was preventable " King : Did we know he had heart disease ? Newman : Tim was known to have coronary artery disease , and it was being treated with respect to management of his risk factors . King : Was he on medication ? Did he exercise ? Did he watch what he ate ? Newman : Tim was on medication . I 'd like to say , I 'm glad you mentioned exercise and watching what we eat . The foundation of management of heart disease and every medical condition , really , starts with lifestyle modification . You know , a healthy lifestyle , and you 'll have good health , and you 'll certainly have a healthy heart . ... Tim appreciated that . Yes , he exercised . He was on his Aerodyne bicycle . See a timeline of Russert 's career " King : Dr. Oz , from what Dr. Newman said , could it have been prevented ? Oz : You can never tell for sure . And the reality is a big wake-up call . And it 's the question that Tim Russert would be asking right now : What are the odds that I could have done something different myself ? Let 's examine it for a second . Of the 450,000 people a year who die of heart attacks in this country , probably half of them never knew they were at risk of a heart attack . It 's because the heart does n't really have pain fibers . In fact , the only reason you ever feel any pain when you 're having a heart attack is because the nerves in the heart cross other nerves -- from your chin , your arm or from the chest and the spinal column . And they short-circuit each other out . And that creates this referred pain that in cardiology and cardiosurgery we recognize to be angina . The other reality -- and this is a big wake-up call for a lot of Americans , as well -- is that a lot of the plaques that we have are not flow limiting . And by that I mean they do n't cause a limitation on the amount of blood that courses through the veins that go to our heart . ... King : Dr. Shah has brought along a defibrillator . Right ? Dr. Newman , it was not used , is that correct ? Newman : That 's not correct . King : OK , it was used . Newman : NBC had a defibrillator . A resuscitation was begun almost immediately . NBC had an EAD -LSB- external automated defibrillator -RSB- on site , and they were preparing to use it . At the same moment , the DC EMS , emergency medical squad , arrived , and they immediately defibrillated Tim . He had no heart rhythm . They defibrillated him . His heart was beating then in a ventricular -- fine ventricular fib , and then it deteriorated . They shocked him again . Actually , he was defibrillated three times before his arrival at Sibley Memorial Hospital . Remembering Tim Russert " King : Why do you think it did n't work in the Russert case ? Shah : There are several possibilities . The longer the delay between the time collapse occurs and you begin defibrillation , the less the success of defibrillation . That 's number one . Number two , if you 're a very big-sized individual and have a large heart , the larger the heart , the harder it is to get a successful defibrillation . The bigger the heart , the more likely you are to go back into fibrillation . King : Dr. Newman , was Tim Russert a good patient ? Newman : Tim was a great patient . Tim Russert as a patient was the Tim Russert that we all know . He complied with almost everything that was asked of him . He was well-informed , asked good questions . Tim was a good patient . Are there things all of us as patients could be better at ? Sure . But Tim was a good patient . King : Do you ever think , Dr. Newman , in retrospect , I could have done more ? Should have done more ? Newman : You know , as physicians , we always hope that we can change people 's lives , that we can make them feel better , live longer , that we can intervene , and that 's what our role is . Unfortunately , in many instances , our hopes are not fulfilled . Absolutely , I wish Tim was alive and with us today . ... And ... patients die of heart disease or cancer ; we all struggle with the fact there are limits to what we can do .	Tim Russert 's doctor says he was a model patient Doctor : Russert was on heart medication and exercised Doctor says medics used a defibrillator three times before Russert got to hospital
Los Angeles  CNN  -- While Justin Bieber decompresses on a Panama beach after a wild week in Miami , a prosecutor will decide if the teen pop star will face a felony charge in Los Angeles . Detectives who went frame by frame over security video seized from Bieber 's California mansion are close to carrying their egg attack evidence to the Los Angeles district attorney for a decision . While Bieber 's drunken driving arrest in Miami Beach on Thursday earned him his first mug shot , a felony vandalism case could be the biggest threat to Bieber 's freedom and ability to tour the world . "  We will have a dialogue with the district attorney and determine , based on what we have , when we should bring the case over , " Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Lt. David Thompson told CNN on Friday . "  We will then take the case to the D.A. . It will be up to them to file charges and what charges at that time . " Bieber 's bad behavior Although a felony could carry jail time , probation appears much more likely if Bieber is ultimately convicted . Chris Brown , who pleaded guilty to assaulting Rihanna on the eve of the Grammys five years ago avoided time in a California jail despite the violence involved in the beating of his girlfriend . But the five years of probation for Brown has proven to be a major hindrance to his music career . He is now in court-ordered rehab for three months and will have to spend several days each week until August working on a community labor crew to complete his probation requirements . 5 questions about the case As with actress Lindsay Lohan , Brown has been found in violation of probation rules several times , resulting in additional travel limitations , rehab stints and work requirements . Probation could have Bieber walking on egg shells for several years if he is convicted of launching eggs over a fence onto his neighbor 's mansion . His probation officer would possibly have to approve any travel outside of California , which could hamper the world touring that contributes to his income and fame . Although Breathalyzer tests suggest Bieber was not too drunk to legally drive when he was pulled over by Miami Beach police early Thursday , it could be two or three weeks before tests are back from the lab which should give a more accurate blood-alcohol reading and could tell if he was high on pot . Bieber blew .011 and .014 in two Breathalyzer tests given to him at the police station , according to a source with knowledge of the results . Florida 's legal limit for drivers under the drinking age of 21 is .02 . The police report said that Bieber failed a field sobriety test given to him at the police station . He admitted to drinking , using marijuana and taking prescription pills , police said . Bieber has a ` frat house ' amidst millionaire mansions The Miami prosecutor said no date has been set yet for Bieber to return to court on the DUI , resisting arrest and expired license charges . Although Bieber was not charged with speeding , the arresting officer said it was his reason for stopping Bieber and testing his sobriety . The head of the exotic car rental company that owns the yellow Lamborghini he was driving told CNN on Saturday that the GPS tracking system in the high-performance car indicated that Bieber never exceeded 55 mph in the 15 minutes before the stop . The Breathalyzer tests and the GPS information could help Bieber lawyer Roy Black in his defense of the singer . Bieber fled Miami late Friday , boarding a private jet for a flight to Panama City , Panama . Paparazzi photos showed Bieber strolling along a beach on the Pacific Ocean on Saturday , kicking a soccer ball while others kite surfed above the waves . He could learn this week if his next trip is to a Los Angeles courtroom . Opinion : Money and Bieber 's teenage brain CNN 's Tory Dunnan and John Couwels contributed to this report .	Detectives are ready to show prosecutors evidence in Justin BIeber egg probe "  We will have a dialogue with the district attorney , " detective says Miami prosecutor awaits lab test to see if Bieber was driving high Bieber escapes to Panama for beach fun
CNN  -- Scuffles between Libyan President Moammar Gadhafi 's presidential guard and Ugandan security personnel have twice broken out at the African Union summit on the shores of Lake Victoria , officials said . "  Fights are always a result of the lack of respect by the Libyans to their hosts , " said Ejison Kwesiga , spokesman for Uganda 's presidential brigade . "  Host authorities are responsible for any dangers that could arise . It is the host country 's authorities who must take care of all visiting heads of state , but the Libyans never want them to do their job . " Libyan guards exchanged kicks and blows with Ugandan security on Sunday , the first day of the summit , as they approached the entrance marquee for the opening ceremony , according to journalist Samson Ntale . Only heads of state were allowed inside the ceremony . An argument erupted when Ugandan authorities attempted to escort Gadhafi through the entrance . "  It escalated into a physical fight , but no guns were drawn , " Ntale said . On Monday , a similar situation occurred when Gadhafi and his security team were walking to the main conference hall . Heads of state were being moved to another room , and a scuffle broke out when Ugandan authorities attempted to escort Gadhafi there . Apparently annoyed the meeting was moved , Gadhafi slapped three of his own personnel , Ntale said . "  Gadhafi was irritated . I saw him slap his own men , " he said . The Libyan security personnel declined comment .	Scuffles have broken out twice between Moammar Gadhafi 's guards , security Ugandan official says Libyans have "  lack of respect " for hosts Journalist saw "  irritated " Gadhafi slap his own personnel
CNN  -- In the last few days , two Ukrainian warplanes were brought down over Eastern Ukraine  one allegedly by a Russian jet  and on Thursday a Malaysia Airlines passenger plane crashed in the area , apparently with the loss of all 298 souls on board . If it turns out that the unfortunate civilian airliner was also shot down , Russia and its local allies could again be implicated . Understandably , the international community will wonder whether this portends an escalation in the Kremlin ambitions there . Vice President Joe Biden is already sure he knows what happened , telling an audience in Detroit on Thursday that the plane has "  been shot down , not an accident . Blown out of the sky . " Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko calls this "  an act of terrorism " and is pointing the rhetorical finger at Moscow . While all the facts are not yet in , it is indeed possible that a Russian surface-to-air missile brought the civilian plane down . If so , Russia or its Ukrainian separatist allies bear heavy responsibility for this tragedy . But that would not indicate that Russian President Vladimir Putin 's overall strategy in the region has changed . If a Russian missile did bring down MH17 , it is likely that it was the result of a tragic error , a case of mistaken identity , rather than an intentional act by either the Russian military or their Ukrainian separatist allies . Such accidents are sadly not unprecedented . In 1983 , Soviet Air Defense Forces tracking an American electronic reconnaissance plane operating near their naval facilities on the Kamchatka Peninsula mistakenly shot down Korean Airlines Flight 007 with the loss of 269 passengers , including a hard-line anticommunist U.S. congressman . And during the Tanker War in the Persian Gulf in 1988 , a U.S. Navy AEGIS cruiser -- the USS Vincennes -- mistook Iran Air Flight 655 for an attacking Iranian warplane and shot it down , killing 290 civilians . Such tragic accidents happen in wartime or periods of heightened international tensions . If it turns out that this is what happened in this case , the Russian military and their Ukrainian allies will suffer a well-deserved black eye . The Russian Air Defense Forces ought to have been able to distinguish a civilian airliner , operating on a previously filed flight plan and with its electronic identification systems operating , from Ukrainian warplanes . If they gave a high-altitude system to the Ukrainian separatists , then they also should have anticipated that an accident like this could have happened given that the Donetsk Republic has only primitive radar systems . But there is blame to go around . Why did MH17 's flight path take it right over a war zone in which two warplanes had just been shot down ? You have to wonder what the airline and the Ukrainian and Russian civilian air controllers were thinking . Even if events transpired as Biden and Poroshenko surmise , it 's unlikely to indicate any major change in the Kremlin 's ambitions in Eastern Ukraine . There is no evidence that Putin has deviated from his strategy of keeping the pot boiling in the region and begun moving toward something more ambitious . Indeed , all the evidence suggests that he understands that the Donetsk Republic is not the Crimea . The best he can hope for is to use the pro-Russian insurgency as a lever to pry Kiev out of its increasingly Western orientation and as a bargaining chip with the new Ukrainian regime to get it to adopt a more federal political system that will keep Ukraine suspended between East and West . This is , of course , a cold-blooded Machiavellian strategy of realpolitik . But such a cynical approach to the Eastern Ukraine is not incompatible with this event being nothing more than a tragic blunder .	Malaysia Airlines passenger plane possibly was shot down in Ukraine Michael Desch : If true , Russia and its local allies could be blamed Desch : If a Russian missile did bring down MH17 , it likely was a tragic error
Rome  CNN  -- Prosecutors in Milan , Italy , are investigating allegations that Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi paid for sex with a minor , a case that has stirred scandal , but not in every quarter . Some Italians have no problems with the allegations of their leader 's sexual escapades that have garnered so much attention . "  Who cares ? I am so sick and tired of this story . What happens in a private home is his business and I do n't want to know , " said Nicoletta Cosimini , the owner of a lingerie shop . Such an attitude is a throwback to an unspoken tradition in Italy of successful men taking on girlfriends and lavishing them with gifts . Many frown upon this , but it remains acceptable to others . "  Those men who say that Berlusconi should be ashamed of himself , I say to them , ` Why ? ' " said clothing store owner Simonetta Giannini . "  Would n't you like to do it ? You all do and you are just jealous . There are more serious troubles in this country than to go after Berlusconi 's whores . " Berlusconi has denied that he has ever paid for sex . In Italy , having sex with a prostitute is not a crime -- unless she is a minor . El Mahrough , nicknamed Ruby , is the nightclub dancer at the center of the most recent headache for Berlusconi . She is now 18 , but was 17 at the time of the alleged activity , from February through May . Ruby has said in an interview she told everyone she was 24 . They both deny having had sex with each other , but a roommate of Ruby 's said in a court document that Ruby admitted to having had an affair with the premier when she was 17 . Prosecutors are looking into it as a prostitution-with-a-minor case , though some wonder if Ruby 's involvement with Berlusconi qualifies as prostitution . Ruby 's former roommate told police , "  I remember that she would say that she was a close friend of the Prime Minister ... she said she was often in the premier 's house , where she had dinner , danced and had sex with him and who gave her a lot of money . " Berlusconi says that the prosecutors have no jurisdiction to investigate him , while opposition lawmakers have urged him to speak with them . "  We think he should just go and tell what he thinks is his truth , " opposition lawmaker Giovanna Melandri told CNN . "  If he has any dignity , he should leave the post and allow Italy to start again with a political leader who is not engulfed in scandal . " Other Italians were also not forgiving of their prime minister . "  It shames me as a citizen , as a man , and as a father , " a businessman said . "  We have to keep our values . If not it would be total anarchy . It is disgusting what he does and even more disgusting that pages and pages of media go after this stuff because there is even worse and more serious trouble in this country . " A grocery man , Marcello Picchione , also denounced Berlusconi 's alleged actions . "  Unfortunately it is nothing we did n't know . It happens everywhere . I 'm not surprised but it disgusts me that our prime minister does those things , " he said . CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	Milan prosecutors are investigating whether Berlusconi paid for sex with a minor Some ordinary Italians say they do n't care about the scandal Others say it 's shameful for the country An opposition lawmaker wants Berlusconi to step down
CNN  -- Two-time world champion Fernando Alonso believes the Formula One title race is now wide open with seven races to go following Ferrari 's recent resurgence . Alonso followed up his controversial victory at the German Grand Prix with second place behind Mark Webber in Hungary , and is now just 20 points behind Red Bull 's new series leader . Ferrari face possible further sanctions for the incident at Hockenheim last month that saw Felipe Massa allow Alonso to take the lead , having already been fined $ 100,000 for breaching the ban on team orders ahead of a September 8 disciplinary hearing of the World Motor Sports Council . But the Italian team are now just 74 points behind leaders Red Bull , with McLaren second after Lewis Hamilton failed to finish in Budapest and world champion Jenson Button was eighth . "  We are in a position now that we are able to take the lead of the championship if we win one race , " Alonso told Ferrari 's website . "  I think we have to remain calm . We know that four or five drivers will fight until the last race , but we need to use our experience as a team . Schumacher says sorry to Barrichello "  Ferrari have won so many championships , and my personal experience as well , fighting for three championships . We have to stay calm , and in these seven races get as many podiums as possible . I think continuity will be key to winning the championship . " Hamilton is hoping to bounce back at the next race , the Belgian Grand Prix at Spa-Francorchamps on August 29 after having to retire for the second time this season due to mechanical problems . "  It was a disappointment , yes , but you have to put it behind you . And you should never think too hard about the ` what ifs ' or the missed opportunities , " the English driver told his website . F1 standings after Hungarian Grand Prix "  It happened , and we move on -- it 's that simple . And , despite it being a difficult race , I can take some positives away from the Hungary weekend . I was able to pass a car on track , and the guys once again pulled off a perfect pit stop , to put me ahead of Felipe . "  And I also know we can come back even stronger in the final seven races . We have some very promising developments in the pipeline , and we 're making progress in lots of other areas , too . We have dug deep before , and I know absolutely that we will dig deep once more . "  With the championship so closely balanced , this is the perfect time for a break . In effect , we 'll resume the season as if it 's the start of the year again : with everything to play for , and none of the top three teams lagging behind on points . That 's really exciting ! " The 2008 world champion said the three-week hiatus was also a chance for the teams ' support crew to recharge their batteries . Webber claims F1 lead with Hungary win "  You can see on TV how hard the mechanics and engineers work at the racetrack , but you do n't get to see how many hours the men and women are putting in back at the factory , " Hamilton said . "  And , believe me , it 's a proper shutdown -- it gives everybody the opportunity to forget about Formula One for a while and spend time away on their families , which is really important . As for me , I 'm looking at getting away from it all for a little while . " Button revealed that he would be competing in this weekend 's London Triathlon , raising funds for charity . "  I 'm really looking forward to the event , and I 'm still raising money for the Make A Wish Foundation . It 's for a great cause , making dreams come true for very ill young children , and I 'm proud to be playing my part to help them raise funds , " he told his website . "  My trainer Mikey will be joining me and some of my friends . After the tri , I 'll definitely be looking to get away from it . But even though it 's a nice feeling to get away from Formula One for a while , you can guarantee that all the drivers will be desperate for the break to end because we 'll want to get back into the car . "	Fernando Alonso believes the most consistent F1 team will win the 2010 world title Ferrari driver has revived his chances of third crown with a win and second placing Spaniard trails leader Mark Webber by 20 points with seven races to go The circuit will take a break until the Belgian Grand Prix on August 29
CNN  -- When I first heard about the shooting rampage in a Colorado theater , I was shocked and horrified . It was like reliving the Virginia Tech shooting all over again . News : Remembering the Colorado shooting victims On April 16 , 2007 , Virginia Tech experienced the largest mass shooting on a college campus , with 32 students killed and 17 wounded . Our typical serene spring morning was bombarded with continuous screeching of rescue and police sirens alerting everyone that a terrible situation was at hand . As news spread , our community responded swiftly , but with a sense of bewilderment , grief and anger . There was no doubt that this was a life changing experience for the survivors as well as families of the victims . Timeline : Worst mass shootings in U.S. . The campus disaster response network immediately sprung into action to assist families directly affected by the shooting . The day after the incident , a network of professionals met to begin the task of planning an ongoing mental health response to the tragedy . This group included university personnel , counselors , clinical psychologists , community agencies and the local mental health association . On the day after the attack , a candlelight vigil was held for the entire university . It was quite moving to observe the thousands of candles burning , signifying the great loss . That night , 6-foot walls of plywood and paper provided the opportunity to record Bible verses , sentiments and vows to remember those who died . This proved quite cathartic . A website , Hokie United , encouraged people to bring mementos to the drill field as an expression of love and support . Convocation took place in Cassell Coliseum and Lane Stadium . This event was well attended by about 35,000 students , faculty and staff . The service was a major step in communal healing . The attendance of President George W. Bush , first lady Laura Bush and Gov. Tim Kaine was an important source of support . The resolve to engender hope was eloquently voiced by the final words of professor and poet Nikki Giovanni , " ... We are the Hokies , We will prevail , We will prevail , We will prevail ... We are Virginia Tech . " By all indications , it appears that Aurora , Colorado , engaged in many similar steps to meet the immediate demands of the traumatized victims . The SWAT team , police and rescue personnel reacted quickly . It appears that the clergy , mental health professionals and the Red Cross were all responsive in timely and meaningful ways . As the days pass , people in the community have been offering condolences to the families with flowers , candles and mementos . News : Colorado shooting : Stories of survival The memorial service demonstrates the community 's show of genuine care . President Obama meeting with the families as a group and as individuals was a powerful acknowledgment of their pain and hopefully served as a tremendous sign that the nation stands behind them . Perhaps the most unfortunate consequences of both the Virginia Tech and Aurora tragedies is that the families of the deceased , the injured and others most exposed to the shooting  including first responders  often do not seek help . The stigma associated with mental health interventions prevents individuals from obtaining much needed assistance . It is too frequently the case that individuals wait for years to take advantage of the effective mental health treatments targeting traumatic experiences . Months and years of pain , anxiety , confusion as well as loss of relationships and lack of effectiveness in the classroom or workplace is tolerated until "  breaking points " are reached . Those affected by the shooting should not be afraid to ask for help ; they should not wait and suffer silently and alone . News : How to help the victims It is my hope that the resilience and communal strength displayed by the Hokie Nation in the days , months and years after the Virginia Tech shooting will serve as a model for everyone affected in that Aurora movie theater . The adage "  out of darkness comes light " is a reminder for those who endure tragedy that there is always hope . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Russell T. Jones .	Russell Jones : Hearing about the Aurora shooting was like reliving the Virginia Tech shooting Jones : Virginia Tech community responded quickly , with support for the victims ' families He says families of the deceased , the injured and others should not be afraid to seek help Jones : Aurora community , the entire nation is standing behind you in this time of tragedy
CNN  -- "  Ride 'em cowboy " types need not apply . Rather , the ideal candidate for this part-time position must be flexible , mature , a good listener and non-confrontational . Experience , however , is not necessary .  That might be because so few people would have that kind of experience . The state of Florida is advertising for crocodile response agents to handle complaints from residents and , in the relatively rare event it is necessary , to capture and move crocs . Training will be provided . The addition of more agents comes amid the encouraging rebound of the American crocodile in Florida -- an estimated 2,000 non-hatchlings , up from about 300 in the mid-1970s -- and the accompanying rise in complaint calls . "  The crocodile  is moving back into places where they have not been seen in decades , " said Lindsey Hord , crocodile response coordinator for the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission . "  That is obviously resulting in conflict . " While the vast majority of the crocs are in Everglades National Park , many live in the Florida Keys and along the Atlantic Ocean in Miami-Dade and Broward Counties . The program currently has nine agents who serve as "  eyes and ears " on the crocodile population , responding to calls and patiently listening to residents unhappy with what they consider reptilian encroachment . The job pays $ 25 an hour , including vehicle expenses . "  It is not something you do for the money , " said Hord , adding the hiring process weeds out those who do not live close to where the work will take them . Some applicants , he told CNN , say they want to wrestle the animals . That 's a no-go . Often , the role of the team is to educate residents about not dangling incentives in front of crocodiles , such as having an unfenced dog near water or dumping yummy fish remains into a canal after a day of fishing . Crocs hunt with sticks , researchers say Peaceful co-existence is the aim And while some creatures are moved -- about eight or so out of an estimated 200 complaints in 2013 -- most remain because they do not meet the criteria for removal . Those that are relocated often return to their capture site . It is unlawful to kill crocodiles in Florida . Hord notes the creatures -- listed as threatened in Florida -- are increasingly returning to their historic ranges . The commission describes crocodiles as shy and reclusive but potentially dangerous . Their increasing presence can be a problem when they come close to residents , including newcomers . "  It is the agency 's hope that people will co-exist with crocodiles , " said Hord . "  We have no objective to unilaterally remove crocodiles from anywhere . We strictly react to complaints . We do n't go out looking for crocodiles , " he said . Hord spoke Wednesday with a woman who just rented a home in Broward County . She has small children and a dog . "  She was just now aware there were crocodiles . She was not overly upset but concerned . " The coordinator told her there are no documented reports of crocodiles biting humans . A bigger danger is swimming pool safety for her children . Regarding the pooch , it might be good to have a fence to keep the crocodiles and alligators -- which number about 1.3 million in Florida -- away . "  It is about putting things into context , " Hord said . ` They ... sense we are something different ' Calls and complaints generally rise after a dog is killed by a crocodile , such as last year in southeast Miami . Wildlife officials encourage homeowners not to swim in potential danger zones , or allow their dogs in the water . "  Sometimes , it is hard for people to change , " Hord said , pointing out Key residents accustomed to swimming and scuba diving just yards from their homes . "  It is not going to go back the way it was 30 years ago . " In certain areas , if a complaint comes in and the crocodile is 9 feet long or over , hangs around an area or ends up in a swimming pool , officials move it . On its third capture , an animal will be removed from the wild and placed in a conservation park or similar facility . Biologists have been studying whether magnets will keep crocs from returning to areas where they are not welcome . The idea is that the magnets will disrupt their sense of the Earth 's magnetic field , making it harder for them to orient themselves after their release . Results so far are mixed . Crocs , Hord said , have keen eyesight and hearing . "  They can learn very quickly to be habituated to people . They learn very quickly that people are not a threat to them if they are not . " Interestingly , when it 's time for a capture , the reptiles often are wary . "  They seem to be able to sense we are something different , " Hord said . "  Then they disappear . " After 32 years of this type of work , Hord has fond feelings and memories for certain crocodiles . "  A lot of us were very attached , " to one tagged Blue No. 9 that was shot and killed last year in Islamorada . She had been moved once after laying 27 eggs that failed to produce viable offspring . A memorial service was held on the beach . Florida tackles python problem with hunting contest Final take in Florida snake hunt ? 68 pythons	Florida is hiring part-time workers to respond to complaints , calls Officials want residents and resurgent crocodiles to co-exist Still , they urge steps to reduce the likelihood of problems
CNN  -- Graphic video footage released Monday by the Taliban shows the execution of at least 16 men believed to be Pakistani police officers -- a new escalation in the fight for control of a pivotal country in the global war over Islamic extremism . Seventeen men were executed in total , according to Pakistan 's government . The video shows a group of men standing in a line in a patch of dirt along a grassy hillside being berated by an individual holding a firearm . Several armed individuals then open fire on the men , who immediately drop to the ground . The gunmen then proceed to shoot the men in the head one at a time . "  Kill the enemy of Allah 's faith , " the lead gunman says in the video . "  These all are the enemy of God religion . " "  Shoot him again , shoot him in the head , " the man says to one of the other gunmen . "  All right now he is dead . " "  Come here , that one too is still alive , " the man says , scanning the bodies . "  Dead ? Yeah , okay come here shoot that one too . A bit lower . " Mir Qasim Khan , police chief for Pakistan 's Upper Dir district , told CNN the men killed in the video were probably those abducted from his region during a June 1 Taliban attack on the village of Shaltalo . The attack targeted a security check point near the village . Thirty police officers were killed , and more than a dozen more were kidnapped in the assault , Khan said . Taliban representatives allege in the video that the executions were conducted in retaliation for the execution of six children by government security forces in Pakistan 's heavily contested Swat Valley . A spokesman for the Pakistani military denied that any such incident took place , calling the claim "  absolutely incorrect . " "  It 's wrong , and it 's a propaganda tool , " Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas said . "  There was no such incident , and Pakistani children have never been executed by security forces . " The militants responsible for the attack are the same individuals who controlled Swat Valley before the Pakistani army recently cleared the region , according to Abbas . The video is "  quite repulsive , and it shows the complete merciless and ruthless minds of these terrorists , " he said . The Taliban "  are quite inhumane , and they use terror as a weapon . " Taliban extremists "  used to terrorize Swat and now they 're trying to bring terror to the Upper Dir region , " he claimed . Abbas said he believes the executions occurred in Upper Dir . CNN could not verify the location of the executions or the identity of the victims . Pakistan is a strategically-important nation in the global war over Islamic extremism . Its location next to Afghanistan has put it squarely in the middle of U.S.-led efforts there . The Pakistani military has launched more than 10 offensives against violent extremists in northwest Pakistan in recent years , but for the United States , what matters most is North Waziristan , which U.S. officials call a safe haven for al Qaeda-linked militants who attack American soldiers across the border in Afghanistan . Washington has pressured Pakistan to launch a major offensive in North Waziristan , but the Pakistani military has refused , saying its troops are stretched too thin with other operations in northwest Pakistan . The army 's reluctance to attack the Taliban in the district has fueled suspicions that the Pakistani military has links to militant groups in North Waziristan that are undermining the NATO operation in Afghanistan . Pakistani military officials have repeatedly denied the allegations . The relationship between Pakistan and the United States has been in a downward spiral over disputes about how to pursue counterterrorism efforts , particularly in the wake of the May raid on the Pakistani compound where al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden was killed . U.S. officials did not tell their counterparts in Pakistan about the raid ahead of time . The United States believes Pakistan is not doing enough to go after al Qaeda and other extremists , while the Pakistanis are upset with what they consider to be unilateral steps taken by the United States within their borders .	Newly released footage shows the execution of at least 16 men The men are believed to be Pakistani police officers The Taliban claims responsibility , calling it revenge for the alleged killing of six children Pakistani authorities deny children were killed , call video part of Taliban 's campaign of terror
Mickey Rooney , whose roller-coaster , nine-decade career in show business included vaudeville , silent films , movies , television and Broadway , died Sunday . He was 93 . Rooney died in California , the Los Angeles County Coroner 's office said . Rooney 's career spanned almost the entire history of motion pictures . He made his first film , the silent "  Not to Be Trusted , " in 1926 and followed it up with several shorts based on the "  Mickey McGuire " comic strip . He was still making movies nine decades later , including "  Night at the Museum "  2006  and "  The Muppets "  2011  . At the time of his death , he had three more films in the works , according to the Internet Movie Database , including a version of "  Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde " with Margaret O'Brien . Rooney had just completed his last movie role in the next installment of "  Night at the Museum " with Ben Stiller . "  He led a full life but did not have enough time to finish all he had planned to do . He had the time of his life and the utmost respect for the cast and crew , " his son Mark Rooney said in a statement to CNN Monday . He separated from his wife , Jan Chamberlin , two years ago and moved in with his son and his wife , Charlene , according to the statement . "  With them he finally found happiness , health and a feeling of safety and was able to enjoy life again . " "  Mickey was finally enjoying life as a bachelor , and the morning of his death , they spoke of all their future plans , " the statement said . "  He loved the business he was in and had a great respect for his fellow actors . " For a period in the 1930s and 1940s , boosted by the popularity of the "  Andy Hardy " series of films , Rooney was the No. 1 star at the box office and perhaps the brightest star at MGM -- a whole studio of "  more stars than there are in heaven , " as the publicity said . Yet he became as famous for many marriages -- eight , all told -- and his regular tumbles off the Hollywood pedestal as he was for his incredible energy and longevity . Still , he never stopped getting up . "  I keep going because if you stop , you stop , " he told the UK 's Guardian newspaper in 2009 . "  Why retire ? Inspire . " Top box-office draw The diminutive 5-foot , 2-inch Rooney began his acting career shortly after his first birthday , appearing on vaudeville stages with his parents . He was born Joseph Yule Jr. on September 23 , 1920 , in Brooklyn , New York . His parents split when he was young , but spurred by his mother , he soon found himself in Hollywood . Before he was 10 , he was a star , appearing in dozens of shorts based on the popular "  Mickey McGuire " strip . He worked steadily through the 1930s , with notable turns in a 1935 version of "  A Midsummer Night 's Dream " and 1937 's "  Captains Courageous , " the latter opposite Spencer Tracy .  Rooney also appeared in Tracy 's 1938 vehicle "  Boys Town . " But he shot into Hollywood 's stratosphere in his next film series as Andy Hardy in more than a dozen films produced between 1937 and 1946 . Andy Hardy was a good-hearted ball of teenage mischief , always trying to make a few dollars or willing to "  put on a show , " no matter what it took : rounding up friends , using a barn , getting some spare parts from his wholesome middle-American neighborhood . Inevitably , he would be called to account with his father , Judge Hardy , played at first by Lionel Barrymore and later by Lewis Stone . Judge Hardy would reiterate the basics of fairness and morality , and Andy -- and the movie audience -- would have once again learned a valuable lesson . The films were hugely popular , even more so when Rooney 's character became the centerpiece starting with 1938 's "  Love Finds Andy Hardy . " It did n't hurt that Rooney was paired with Judy Garland for three of the films . Garland and Rooney also co-starred in several Busby Berkeley musicals , including 1940 's "  Strike up the Band " and "  Babes on Broadway " a year later . Many marriages , money troubles But Rooney 's private life was n't always as wonderful as his on-screen persona would indicate . He was married eight times , three times in the 1940s alone . His first marriage , to Ava Gardner , began in 1942 and ended in 1943 . In 1944 , he married an Alabama beauty queen , Betty Jane Phillips ; that one ended in 1948 . His third marriage , to Martha Vickers , lasted less than three years . Throughout , Rooney was known as a spendthrift and a challenging partner . He loved horseracing and routinely spent his earnings at the track , even when there were n't many earnings to speak of , as there was during a fallow period in the 1950s . As an adult of a certain size , Rooney found it much harder to find roles into which he could channel his prodigious talents . But he would n't stay unemployed for long . There was a TV series , "  The Mickey Rooney Show , " for a season in 1954-55 . More important , there was a supporting actor Oscar nomination for 1956 's "  The Bold and the Brave . " Rooney , however , was n't very discriminating about his roles . Other films during the late '50s and early '60s included forgettable flicks such as "  Operation Mad Ball "  1957  , "  The Private Lives of Adam and Eve "  1960  and "  Platinum High School "  1960  . He appeared in the classic "  Breakfast at Tiffany 's "  1961  but in the unfortunate , broadly acted role of Holly Golightly 's Japanese neighbor , Mr. Yunioshi . He was one of the cast of a thousand comedians in "  It 's a Mad , Mad , Mad , Mad World "  1963  . Rooney also made TV guest appearances on such shows as "  The Investigators , " "  Naked City " and "  The Twilight Zone . " On the latter , he played a jockey . ` He is a showman ' After another 15 years of minor movie parts and TV roles , Rooney 's up-and-down career once again hit the heights . He earned an Oscar nomination for his performance as a horse trainer in 1979 's "  The Black Stallion " and dazzled Broadway in the song-and-dance revue "  Sugar Babies " -- a role , given his start , he was born to play . The show earned him a Tony nomination and ran for almost three years . Over the years , Rooney earned four Oscar nominations . In addition , he received a special Oscar in 1939 and an honorary one in 1983 . Rooney also triumphed on television in the 1981 TV movie "  Bill , " about a mentally disabled man trying to live on his own . That performance garnered him an Emmy . Video : Interview with Rooney in March He also found a lasting marriage when he wed Jan Chamberlin in 1978 . Chamberlin survives the actor . However , Rooney once again faced financial struggles as he entered his later decades . They came to national attention when he asked a Los Angeles court to appoint a conservator to protect him from his stepson and stepdaughter . Rooney blamed his financial troubles on a stepson whom he successfully sued . He also took his case to Congress , delivering emotional testimony to a House committee in March 2011 in which he said family members took control of his life , making him "  scared , disappointed , yes , and angry . " Rooney made his audience laugh and cry when he implored senators to stop what experts call chronic emotional , physical , sexual and financial abuse of elderly Americans by family members and other caregivers . Rooney called on Congress to make elder abuse a specific crime . "  I 'm asking you to stop this elderly abuse . I mean to stop it . Now . Not tomorrow , not next month but now , " he shouted from the witness table . Rooney : A spokesman against elder abuse Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Reva Goetz appointed attorney Michael Augustine as Rooney 's permanent conservator that month . Augustine immediately began seeking entertainment gigs for the aging performer , telling CNN that he had to revive his show business career quickly or would die "  in very short order . " Augustine summed up Rooney 's drive in a few sentences . "  Mr. Rooney 's parents put him on the vaudeville stage when he was 17 months old , " he said in 2011 . "  If Mr. Rooney were to not work , I think we would be attending Mr. Rooney 's funeral in very short order . "  It 's part of his fiber , " Augustine continued . "  He loves it . He is a showman . " His last months included reunions with old friends , the family statement said . "  Even someone of Mickey 's iconic statue was quite star struck and was extremely thrilled to attend Vanity Fair 's Oscar party recently , " the family said . "  Just last week Mickey was ecstatic when they surprised him by reuniting him with one of his great loves , the race track . There they spent time with Mel Brooks and Dick Van Patten . He had exceptional care and a new lease on life . " People we lost in 2014	Mickey Rooney just finished work on "  Night at the Museum 3 " Rooney was the No. 1 box office draw from 1939-41 Diminutive star had a famous screen partnership with Judy Garland He earned four Oscar nominations and received two statues
CNN  -- The current round of fighting between the Israel Defense Forces and the Palestinian Islamic Resistance Movement , or Hamas , in Gaza has been raging for over three weeks . Both sides have suffered casualties -- the numbers are much higher on the Palestinian side , as they always are . The Palestinian death toll has exceeded 1,000 , while the Israelis have suffered fewer than 50 . There are many reasons for the huge disparity , not the least of which are the facts that the ground combat is taking place in densely populated Gaza , and the effectiveness of the Israeli anti-rocket/missile system known as Iron Dome . Despite calls by the Egyptians , the United Nations and the U.S. secretary of state , fighting not only continues , but has escalated in the last few days . Israeli airstrikes , missile and artillery attacks , and naval gunfire have increased in tempo and lethality . The targets of the Israeli attacks have also expanded into areas normally considered to be off-limits , such as the al-Amin mosque in Gaza City , struck during the early morning hours of July 29 . That same night saw attacks on the Hamas-run al-Aqsa radio station and homes of senior Hamas officials . This expands the target set beyond pure military targets and goes to the political structure of Hamas . The sole electrical power plant in Gaza was also in flames ; there are conflicting reports as to the actual cause . The Israelis claim that a Hamas rocket malfunctioned and landed short in the facility , while the Palestinians claim it was Israeli tank fire . In any case , the infrastructure of Gaza is being severely damaged . So , how does this end ? If one was to look at the previous conflicts in 2008 and 2012 , there would be a United Nations Security Council resolution and a cease-fire with conditions accepted by both sides . The fighting stops , repairs to the infrastructure begin and everyone hopes that this cease-fire will hold longer than the last one . This time seems different . There seems to be less willingness on both sides to look for the "  usual " way out of the armed confrontation . The Israelis continue their operations despite withering international criticism over the high number of civilian casualties in Gaza ; they appear intent on achieving their stated goals of destroying the Hamas tunnels that threaten communities and kibbutzim inside Israel close to the Gaza frontier , and reducing , if not eliminating , Hamas ' substantial rocket inventory . On the other side , Hamas is also committed to continue the fight . Despite the surprising effectiveness of Israel 's Iron Dome anti-rocket system , which has dramatically blunted Hamas ' main threat to Israel , Hamas continues to fire rockets at Israeli cities . On the ground , the group appears to have adopted some of the tactics that Hezbollah used effectively against Israeli forces in southern Lebanon during the 2006 fighting . There are more ambushes , use of improvised explosive devices and tunnels to attack Israeli soldiers . Opinion : Five lessons of the Gaza war There is another consideration influencing Hamas ' decision to continue the fight . Hamas knows that it will be much harder to re-arm after the end of this round of hostilities . The main sources of its rocket arsenal and other weapons have been Iran and Syria -- Hamas ' longest range rocket is the Syrian-made M-302 , capable of reaching targets 100 miles away . The weapons traditionally are smuggled into Gaza via a series of tunnels on the Egyptian border , after being smuggled from ports in Sudan and transported across the Sinai peninsula . With the removal of the government of President Mohammed Morsy in Egypt , Hamas has lost a valuable ally and source of political support . The new Egyptian government of former defense chief Field Marshal Abdel Fattah al-Sisi has beefed up its military presence on the border with Gaza and dismantled many of the tunnels into Gaza . El-Sisi considers Hamas to be nothing more than a branch of the Muslim Brotherhood , which he has outlawed in Egypt . Hamas can not expect assistance from that quarter as it has in the past . At some point , the fighting will end . As I said , though , this time it is different . Rather than the result of United Nations-brokered cease-fire and agreement , in my assessment it will end when the Israelis have inflicted what they believe is enough damage to Hamas to render it militarily ineffective . This means the destruction of Hamas ' rocket inventory and the destruction of all the tunnels Israeli forces can find . Only then will Israel quit . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has told the Israeli people to expect a long fight in Gaza : "  We will not finish the mission , we will not finish the operation , without neutralizing the tunnels ... which have the sole purpose of destroying our citizens , killing our children . " I would take him at his word . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	In some ways , Gaza conflict fits pattern of earlier clashes , but this one is different Rick Francona says Israel seems determined to render Hamas militarily ineffective Hamas knows it will be much harder to re-arm due to Egypt 's opposition Francona : Netanyahu seems fixed on idea of neutralizing Hamas ' tunnels
CNN  -- Campaign 2014 is in full swing with primary voting , and incumbents and challengers busy raising money . Now the first task for every federal candidate in this midterm election year will be to read the Supreme Court 's ruling on campaign finance for a reality check . The 40-page decision handed down on Wednesday promises to continue a transformation over how donations and spending on elections are conducted . The court 's 5-4 ruling threw out congressionally mandated limits on the total one can give to all federal candidates in an election cycle . The practical effect : it would allow well-heeled donors to spread the wealth to give to more candidates and political groups . Toobin : High court gives rich more say in elections But current limits on giving to an individual candidate -- $ 5,200 -- remain in place and were never at issue before the justices . There is disagreement on how much of an impact this narrow decision will have in money terms as billions of dollars fuel today 's campaign process overall . But the larger implications could be huge , played out for years to come in a variety of continuing challenges to current restrictions . "  Every time this current Supreme Court has confronted a campaign finance restriction , it 's struck it down , " said Thomas Goldstein , publisher of SCOTUSblog.com . "  It has been on a slow but steady march towards deregulation , towards saying that restrictions on your spending money -- say , in expenditures or in contributions to candidates -- that is a free speech right . " Breyer 's lament Justice Stephen Breyer sounded forlorn Wednesday , lamenting in sad tones the effect of the Supreme Court ruling . Speaking from the bench , Breyer -- supported by his three more liberal colleagues -- criticized the conservative majority for ignoring a century of efforts to blunt political corruption -- or its appearance . "  The threat to that integrity posed by the risk of special access and influence remains real , " he said . The ruling "  eviscerates our nation 's campaign finance laws , leaving a remnant incapable of dealing with the grave problems of democratic legitimacy that those laws were intend to resolve , " he added . But Chief Justice John Roberts , in his majority opinion , acknowledged what many a smart election lawyer knows : "  Because individuals ' direct contributions are limited , would-be donors may turn to other avenues for political speech " than direct contributions to office-seekers , said Roberts . "  Individuals can , for example , contribute unlimited amounts to 501  c  organizations , which are not required to publicly disclose their donors . Such organizations spent some $ 300 million on independent expenditures in the 2012 election cycle . " Roberts emphasized the free-speech rights of donors and downplayed the concerns the ruling would further erode public confidence in the political system . "  The government may no more restrict how many candidates or causes a donor may support than it may tell a newspaper how many candidates it may endorse , " he said . The man behind the ruling Shaun McCutcheon is an electrical engineer by trade , but grassroots politics may be his true passion . The Alabama native has worked for years with his local Republican Party in Birmingham , and is chairman of Conservative Action Fund , a so-called "  super PAC " that "  promotes conservative Republicans ' time-proven messages and effective solutions . " His success in business and a willingness to put his money into GOP coffers set him at the center of the politically tricky Supreme Court fight . He equates his donations to "  core political speech . " McCutcheon says he has a constitutional right to donate more than that amount to as many office seekers as he wants , so long as no one candidate gets more than the $ 2,600 per election limit . He supports those individual controls , but "  what does n't make any sense is that you can only give that amount of money to a few candidates , because somehow my giving money to  U.S. Rep.  Martha Roby of Alabama could corrupt  former Rep.  Allen West of Florida , " he told CNN . "  That 's just nutty , but that 's what the powers-that-be want : to prevent folks who want to get involved from having the same ability to get involved and support candidates that big union PACs have , " he said . But backers of continued congressional regulation do not see it that way . "  The reason we have limitations on the dollars an individual can give is to create some sense of fairness , so that if we do have a campaign finance system driven by donations , we have as many opportunities for as many people as possible to participate , " said Robert Zimmerman , a prominent Democratic fundraiser . "  That 's why there are limitations , so that everyone has an equal or fair voice in the process . Not only are our elections being put up for auction , these donors are making an investment in the democratic system for their own agenda and we taxpayers have to foot the bill , " he said . Fundamental debate The competing arguments are stark : supporters of campaign finance reform say current federal regulations are designed to prevent corruption in politics . Opponents said it would criminalize free speech and association . The current case deals with direct political contributions . But it continues a trend that culminated in the separate "  Citizens United " high court ruling from 2010 , easing long-standing restrictions on "  independent spending " by corporations , labor unions , and certain non-profit advocacy groups in political campaigns . Its impact put corporations on the same free-speech footing as wealthy individuals , who have long enjoyed the ability to spend freely and independently on behalf of federal candidates . That and a subsequent decision from a federal appeals court in Washington have led to a proliferation of so-called "  super PACs " -- separate political action committees that can raise and spend unlimited amounts of cash from businesses , unions , and advocacy groups . These super PACs are independent political organizations operating as "  527s , " named after the tax code governing their operation . They can not contribute directly to a federal candidate or political party . Limits on direct contributions to candidates by corporations and individuals remain in place , the focus in part of the current McCutcheon appeal . Some political experts say a ruling in favor of increased , or even unlimited , aggregate individual donor contributions could put party committees and political action committees on a greater competitive track with the "  super PACs . " All PACs are organizations that campaign either for or against candidates , legislation , or ballot measures . The difference is in how they are organized for regulatory and tax purposes , and by the amounts of money they are allowed to spend . Regular PACs may also give limited donations to federal candidates and political parties , while super PACs can not . With a resounding win at the high court , wealthy donors like McCutcheon -- whether Democrat , Republican , or Independent -- could in theory contribute a maximum $ 3.6 million to the national and state parties , and the 450 or so Senate and House candidates expected to run in 2014 . Key for the conservative majority court was rejecting claims by the law 's supporters that it had a permissible goal of preventing political corruption or the appearance of it . Another point of contention is whether the aggregate spending limits are really having a pervasive effect , or only involve a relative few well-heeled givers . Figures from the Center for Responsive Politics for the 2012 race showed about 600 donors leveraged their money to each give the maximum of about $ 48,000 total -- benefitting no more than 17 presidential or congressional candidates . Almost 1,700 contributors forked over the maximum limit to party committees , which added up to more than $ 100 million . Loosening those limits , say opponents of the law , would benefit wealthy liberals and conservatives equally . Lax enforcement But the Supreme Court has never in its history overturned a federal contribution limit . And critics accuse regulators of having a generally lax enforcement stance , particularly for independent advocacy groups . The FEC will now be tasked with taking this high court opinion and crafting new rules to ease limits on aggregate spending . Unlike in "  Citizens United , " the big winners may be harder to discern . Certainly individual donors seeking to expand their election portfolio have more choices . But as Roberts noted , other big-move avenues exist to funnel money to outside groups willing to spend freely . And political parties certainly will have more money to spend . That worries many supporters of more regulation . "  The court opens another loophole by allowing our political parties to be further corrupted by big-money contributions from special interests , " said Elisabeth MacNamara , president of the League of Women Voters of the U.S. "  The party and PAC systems now become a huge funnel for corrupting elected officials across the country . " But McCutcheon argues that characterizing the legal fight as between "  good " and "  bad " simply blurs the truth . "  Getting rid of the aggregate limits is not about corrupting democracy -- it is about practicing democracy , " he said . "  This case is about freedom -- your freedom and my freedom -- to express ourselves openly and fully within our political system . And if there is one thing that we Americans believe with all our hearts , it is that freedom never corrupts . " The case is McCutcheon v. Federal Election Commission  12-536  .	A campaign finance reality check for candidates running in this year 's midterms The Supreme Court 's 5-4 ruling through out congressionally mandated limits Critics accuse regulators of having a generally lax enforcement stance
It 's not some miserable dystopic movie scene about class polarization . The vertical passenger seat -- or "  standing cabin " -- may be the next big cost-cutting move in aviation , according to a new report whose author says the concept could be here within five years . "  I stumbled across the idea when I was looking  into  ways to reduce the flight ticket price , " Fairuz Romli , who authored the report published in the IACSIT International Journal of Engineering and Technology , tells CNN by email . Romli , an aerospace engineering professor at the Universiti Putra Malaysia , says his motivation is to lower the cost of air travel to a level competitive with buses and trains . Using the popular Boeing 737-300 as an example , his study calculates that a standing cabin would lead to a 21 % increase in passenger capacity while dropping ticket prices by as much as 44 % . "  I 'm a frequent flier and most of the times during domestic flights , it feels like the flying time is very short that the aircraft is already descending for landing before you can unfasten your seatbelt after takeoff , " he says . "  Hence the big question came to my mind : in such a short duration of flight time , do we really need to sit down ? " Romli quickly discovered that the idea had already been researched -- most notably by Airbus , China 's Spring Airlines and Ireland 's Ryanair . The SkyRider  pictured top  , developed by Aviointeriors S.p.A. and unveiled at an expo in 2010 , is a perching saddle , while Ryanair once flirted with the idea of a "  flat-padded backboard " with a seatbelt over the shoulders . Cost or comfort ? In 2012 , Ryanair CEO Michael O'Leary floated the idea with his characteristic bluntness : "  The problem with aviation is that for 50 years it 's been populated by people who think it 's a wondrous sexual experience when it 's really just a bus with wings . " However , a spokesperson for Ryanair tells CNN that the airline has since abandoned its vertical-passenger plans . "  We have no plans to trial or introduce standing flights , " says the spokesperson . Hong Kong 's Civil Aviation Department voiced caution . "  There are very stringent requirements for the aircraft and the passenger seat to meet before the aircraft or the configuration is certified to carry passengers , " a spokesperson tells CNN . "  This novel standing-room design and the mentioned restraint system are early concepts . It may take much time for them to materialize . " Manufacturers have also expressed doubt about the concept 's feasibility . "  We do n't believe there are good market opportunities for this idea , " says Mark Hiller , CEO of Recaro Aircraft Seating , one of the world 's major suppliers of commercial airplane passenger seats . "  From our point of view , passengers will not accept to travel that way . Even if such a seat would pass certification tests , we would see it as a great sacrifice for passengers in terms of comfort and living space , even for very short flights . " Fly , do n't ride Romli , whose report contains some intriguing designs for vertical seats , thinks the concept still has legs . "  The idea seemed to be nixed before it was properly analyzed because I could n't find any published study about it , " he says . "  After some initial study , it appears that this is not a bad idea after all and has some potentials to be highlighted . " His study concludes that while savings increase as distances get longer , the concept is best optimized on short-haul flights , with tolerance for standing depending on the age and health of individual passengers . "  I 've seen people stand on buses and trains before throughout a journey of maybe close to an hour , " says Romli . "  So if that 's possible , then standing on an aircraft  should n't  be a far-fetched idea . "  If the option available to reach my destination is either sitting on a bus or train for six to seven hours or standing for an hour and half on an aircraft , I believe there are many people who would opt for the latter if the flight ticket price is reasonably low . " Romli admits his concept is likely to be greeted with skepticism , not least from aviation safety authorities who would have to sign off on the concept . Nevertheless , he believes that his vertical seating concept could win approval in five or six years . "  Airlines like to reduce operational costs and given this option , I believe they have a big interest for it as well . "  The only major challenge is to obtain the approval from the aviation authorities and if the concept has proven to satisfy all necessary requirements in terms of passenger safety , there should n't be much problem for it to become reality . "	New university study calculates value of standing-room-only cabins on planes Vertical seats could lead to 21 % increased passenger capacity and 44 % lower ticket prices Airlines such as Ryanair have been touting the concept for years While vertical seat designs have been developed , none have yet been approved for commercial transport
CNN  -- A blowout preventer that may hold important forensic evidence as to why it failed , triggering the world 's largest accidental oil spill , has been brought to the surface of the Gulf and placed on a vessel , officials said Saturday night . The device "  was taken into custody by the U.S. Department of Justice as evidence in its ongoing investigation into the incident , " BP said . The blowout preventer was lifted to the surface at 8:53 p.m.  9:53 p.m. ET  . Adm. Thad Allen , the government 's national incident commander , said the huge blowout preventer "  is considered evidentiary material . " The April 20 explosion killed 11 workers aboard the Deepwater Horizon rig . A new blowout preventer was installed atop BP 's plugged well late Friday . Crews had to flush out potential hydrates -- crystals that form in cold temperatures -- before the old blowout preventer was hauled about the Q4000 surface vessel . Joint investigation teams , engineers and the Department of Justice will pore over the recovered device . "  I 'm very pleased to announce that with the new blowout preventer on -LSB- and -RSB- the cement that was previously put in ... this well does not constitute a threat to the Gulf of Mexico , " Allen said earlier Saturday . He provided details on the installation of the new blowout preventer late Friday . "  This is an important milestone as we move toward completing the relief well and permanently killing the Macondo 252 well , " he said . Once the new device is successfully tested , BP will drill the last remaining feet of a relief well to intercept the damaged well . Finally , the company will execute a "  bottom kill " -- a measure that fills the well from the bottom with mud and cement . That is believed to be the only way to seal the well for good . "  Depending upon weather conditions , mid-September is the current estimate of the most likely date by which the relief well will intercept the MC252 well , " BP said in a statement Friday , using the shorthand reference to the well 's official designation , Mississippi Canyon Block 252 .	NEW : The failed blowout preventer is brought to the surface A new blowout preventer has been placed on the capped well BP will continue work on its Gulf relief well
CNN  -- After word broke of a hoax about the death of star Notre Dame linebacker Manti Te'o 's "  girlfriend , " it did n't take long for "  Te'o " to become the top-trending term on Twitter on Wednesday night . After the website Deadspin published the allegations , most online comments seemed to be doubting Te'o 's innocence in the matter , and more than a few were jokes at his expense . The Deadspin article implied Te'o was involved in making up a season-long story about his long-distance relationship with a Stanford University student who died of leukemia just before underdog Notre Dame played Michigan State early in the season . However , both Te'o and the university say he was a victim . Jack Swarbrick , director of athletics at Notre Dame , told reporters that Te'o was the victim of an elaborate hoax . "  And he will carry that with him for a while , " Swarbrick said . In a separate statement , reported by ESPN , Te'o said : "  To realize that I was the victim of what was apparently someone 's sick joke and constant lies was , and is , painful and humiliating . " ESPN analyst Jemele Hill tweeted , "  Sorry , my spidey senses are n't completely buying Manti Te'o 's side of the story . " Hill questioned the details of the player 's and the university 's denials . Who 's who on the Internet ? Who knows "  So Te'o never Skype 'd , no Face Time , Gmail chat , nothing ? Boy , this feels like an episode of Law and Order : Criminal Intent . " Hill 's colleague Mike Greenberg , on the other hand , seemed to be leaning Te'o 's way after listening to Swarbrick 's statement : "  Just watched Swarbrick . Fully supported Te'o , which is telling . They have a lot to lose if wrong , no doubt they 've been careful . #MantiTeo Ball State University student Josh Cook was in Te'o 's corner : "  I believe in Te'o & his character . I believe he was played & tricked . " Doubters wonder if Heisman Trophy a factor in hoax Twitter user Adam Knorr posted : "  Manti Te'o just pulled the 3rd grade , ' I have a girlfriend . She goes to another school , ' prank on the entire United States . " Bleacher Report reader Bill Rinaldi was willing to give Te'o the benefit of the doubt : "  There is no proof he was in on it . People get tricked ALL the time in online relationships , just watch Catfish on MTV , or even the movie itself . " "  Catfish " is a reality show that chronicles the pitfalls of online dating . Another Bleacher report reader , Pierre Conrad , was not so credulous : "  He said he met her at Stanford . Would n't he have said the photos on TV and the internet were not of her ? Stop attempting to defend the indefensible . " ` Catfish ' focuses on fake Internet relationships Parker Wentzel , also on Bleacher Report , was circumspect : "  I hope this was just a hoax played on Manti . If he was in on this , then I lose a lot of respect for him  because  the whole story fueled this season for Notre Dame and his Heisman run . Either way it 's a shame . " Many Internet denizens took the opportunity to bash Te'o 's performance on the field . A few examples : "  I think Manti Te'o himself is a hoax . They tell me he played in the BCS Championship and yet I did n't see him at all . " -- tc4012 , CNN.com reader "  Roll Tide . He looked like a deer in the headlights when the Crimson Tide pushed him all over the field like a puppet . He was shellshocked . Well , maybe they can open up an investigation by the DOJ into it and he can come on Oprah with a tell all ... " -- trski , CNN.com reader "  Y' all Te'o was n't missing tackles against Bama , he was hugging his girlfriend " -- Josh Jones on Twitter "  Now I know why Manti Te'o always bit on the play action fake " -- Gary Cinello on Twitter Numerous commenters pretended to be Lance Armstrong and thanked Te'o for distracting the media from the cycling champion 's doping scandal . A Tumblr showed pictures of men posing with invisible girlfriends , instantly coining the term "  Te'oing . " One photo showed an empty chair on a beach , with the words , "  Look how hot Teo 's girlfriend is ! " "  Saturday Night Live " comedian Seth Myers admonished online comics : "  These Te'o jokes are all very funny but let 's all try and remember that a person who never existed is dead . " Te'o in his own words	Name of player tied to hoax rockets to top of online trends Majority seem to think Te'o was either in on it or just plain stupid A few come to Notre Dame player 's defense ; a few reserve judgment
CNN  In 2010 , Marissa Alexander discharged a firearm in the direction of her estranged husband , Rico Gray -- a so-called "  warning shot " that missed him by several inches . Their two children were present . Although no one was injured , she was charged with aggravated assault with a firearm . Alexander claimed self-defense , but a judge declined to grant self-defense immunity  "  stand-your-ground "  . The case went to trial where a jury convicted Alexander after just 12 minutes of deliberation , triggering a mandatory 20-year sentence . The verdict prompted outrage as it highlighted the absurdly draconian punishments that can result from minimum mandatory sentencing guidelines that demand a certain punishment regardless of the underlying facts of the case . The stakes in this high-profile case elevated when , in 2013 , an appellate court vacated Alexander 's conviction based on a legal technicality . The ruling set the stage for a retrial , but this time , State Attorney Angela Corey  the same prosecutor I faced in the Zimmerman case  upped the ante , insisting the 20-year sentence apply once for every person present -- Rico and the two children . Alexander faced a potential 60-year prison sentence for firing a shot that harmed no one . Last month , Alexander accepted a deal whereby she pled guilty to the charges in exchange for a drastic reduction of the prison sentence -- essentially the three years she had already served . This week , the court approved the sentencing . But to say that Marissa Alexander is free is a misnomer . She 'll serve another two years under house arrest , wearing an ankle collar . She 's also a convicted felon , so she 's lost her right to vote and she 'll face the stigma of such a designation for the rest of her life . Many are left wondering if justice was served . Marissa Alexander 's case had some problems . In order to justify her self-defense claim , Alexander needed to show that she had reasonable fear of imminent and great bodily injury or death when she discharged the weapon . Her estranged husband , Gray , did have a history of domestic violence . And there was testimony that he was violent in his encounter with Alexander just before the shooting . The problem for Alexander , however , was that she escaped the danger by retreating into the garage . There , she took the gun from the glove compartment of her car and she re-entered the house , engaged Gray , and fired the weapon . It 's what we lawyers call "  imperfect self-defense . " The "  stand-your-ground " statute removes the duty to retreat from a threat , but it does not allow you to retreat , arm yourself , and come back . The Alexander case provides an excellent example of how an "  imperfect " self-defense argument can have devastating and disproportionate consequences . Because the jury did not accept Alexander 's self-defense argument , they had to convict . What they probably did n't realize  because in Florida juries are n't told the sentences attached to their verdicts  is that they triggered Florida 's 10-20-Life mandatory sentencing requirement . In Florida , a person who uses a gun in the commission of certain felonies  including aggravated assault  must face minimum mandatory sentencing . If the gun is possessed during the commission of one of the enumerated felonies , a minimum 10-year sentence is required . If the gun was discharged , as it was in this case , it is 20 years . Florida 's minimum mandatory sentences are served day-per-day ; there is no early release . It might be appropriate to impose minimum mandatories on violent felons who use guns to further the commission of a crime such as armed robbery . The idea , however , that Florida does not allow any discretion -- even judicial discretion -- for more complicated scenarios truly makes it difficult to adjudicate these cases . Had Alexander taken this case to trial and again been convicted , the state indicated that they would seek a 60-year minimum mandatory sentence . While the law allowed for such , it would have been an absurd result . We rely on judges to assist in dispensing justice , and to be the arbiter between the state and the defense . While the legislature has the absolute right to make laws , it should not hamstring a judge 's ability to dispense appropriate justice under the specific circumstances of individual cases . When a judge faces a minimum mandatory sentence , her hands are tied , she becomes a mathematician rather than a dispenser of justice . If the facts and the law support a harsh sentence , a judge has the discretion to impose it , but we should not force their hands when minimum mandatories produce obviously unjust sentences . More troubling yet is that the threat of such an absurd punishment clearly dissuaded Alexander from seeking a second jury trial . Had the statute been written in such a way to allow for a judge or jury to consider whether or a minimum mandatory sentence should apply , then the case could have been adjudicated on its merits . Instead , Alexander did what she had to do under the present statutory scheme -- plead and avoid risking a virtual life sentence where she would have died in prison . Minimum mandatory sentencing takes discretion away from judges and gives it to prosecutors . While it is appropriate for prosecutors to have discretion over who they prosecute and what charges they pursue , minimum mandatory sentencing gives them a power that can be too easily abused . Prosecutors can use the threat of extreme minimum mandatory sentences to strong-arm defendants into plea deals . This is what happened in the Alexander case , and it compromised her right to due process simply because the risk was too great to chance a conviction at trial . Minimum mandatory laws are politically popular with "  tough-on-crime " advocates . But the "  tough-on-crime " flag waving that makes for great talking points during an election ignores the day-to-day difficult realities judges and defense attorneys face , as well as the effect it has on the lives of the people who get caught in the system . This is not a call to go light on crime ; this a call to be reasonable about sentencing . We can keep our tough sentencing guidelines , but we need to let our judges be judges . We need to eliminate minimum mandatory sentencing laws .	Minimal mandatory sentencing laws demand harsh punishment regardless of the facts of a case Mark O'Mara : The case of Marissa Alexander shows the need for the laws to be more reasonable
CNN  -- If you do n't like mangoes , look away now . This article includes a "  mango " word count well in excess of what is normally reasonable . It features mango culinary demonstrations , mango samplings , mango lectures , mango medics , a mango auction and even a mango summit . That 's because I attended the International Mango Festival , held in the Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden in Miami earlier this month . It 's an annual event , one that draws enthusiasts , like myself , and also mango "  experts " who gather to talk , taste and slurp their way around this sweetest , drippiest of fruits . I imagine most are still reading . After all , who does n't like mangoes ? The United States is the world 's biggest importer of mangoes , buying in more than 300,000 tons of them in 2010 , worth around $ 280 million , according to the UN 's FAO figures . That 's not as much bananas -- in the same year the U.S. imported more than 4 million tons of bananas , worth nearly $ 2 billion . But clearly we have a liking for this red-yellow fruit . My mission , I decided , was to try and discover if there is such a thing as a "  perfect " mango , and if so , where I could find it . Hundreds of varieties It 's not as absurd a mission as you might think -- there are an estimated one thousand mango varieties grown around the world , the Fairchild Garden has a collection of 600 types , and they 're all quite different . "  Surprisingly , only 20 of those are commercially traded , " says Noris Ledesma , the curator of tropical fruit for Fairchild 's Tropical Fruit Program . "  The most common are Tommy Atkins , Ataulfo , Kent and Keitt . With the exception of Ataulfo , which is from Mexico , all other varieties are from Florida . " Mangoes were introduced to the United States in the early 1900s by David Fairchild , the then manager of the Office of Seed and Plant Introduction of the U.S. Department of Agriculture . His global seed explorations brought thousands of seeds , plants and crops into the country , including the mango . Originally from South Asia , the mango moved to Africa , then South America and the Caribbean . Fairchild brought the mango into the U.S. from India . For Dr. Richard Campbell , director of horticulture and senior curator of tropical fruit at the Fairchild , mangoes are "  a special fruit that have everything : aromas , flavors , colors and culture . "  They bring out passion and appeal to the common man and to the most sophisticated . " So where should I start on my perfect mango mission ? "  Mangoes from Indonesia do not taste the same as mangoes from India , Hawaii or Mexico . It 's just geography , " says Dr. Campbell . So perhaps I should start close by -- in Florida . Florida produces the majority of mangoes in the United States , and it turns out South Floridians are exceptionally confident with their mango selections . Local favorites Standing in front of the one dollar line for the mango tasting and flavor evaluations , I ask festival attendee Stacey Griffin what she votes for . Her mango of choice is the Merritt , a complex mango from Florida with layers of flavors . Griffin 's second choice goes to the Champagne mango , also known as the Ataulfo , from Mexico , with thick , buttery flesh and a thin pit . For Griffin , mangoes are great in all forms : hot , cold , as smoothies or in a cooked dish . For others , including myself , the choice is too overwhelming to make such an important decision so quickly . I wonder if there are tricks or techniques I should apply to come to a decision quicker . "  The best way to taste mango and to appreciate the complexity of the flavors is early in the morning with an empty stomach , " says Ledesma . If you want to get really technical , which is exactly what festivals like this seem to thrive on , we can also argue over mango cultivation , pruning , crafting and market demand . The event features a long diary of workshops and displays and other proceedings on all things mango . I learn , for instance , that while India is the world 's biggest producer of mangoes by some distance , Mexico is the biggest supplier to the United States , with China , India and Brazil following . That does n't necessarily mean Mexico has the best mangoes , but the Champagne variety from Mexico is deliciously sweet with an appetizing orange color . Then there 's the Keitt -- shining yellow and aromatic . There 's the Manila from Philippines -- strong and sour . The Okrong from Thailand is also pleasant , while the Kent variety is rather grassy . Mangoes during the festival sell for the modest price of $ 1-2 each , but in Japan the price can go much higher . "  The Floridian mango sells for $ 80 a piece , " says Ledesma . "  It 's given as a gift because its red color is a symbol of luck and abundance . " Mango tastings do n't have to involve the fruit in its pure form . Cut , cooked , creamed Soon I find myself trying mango-based dishes like sticky rice with mango , mango ceviche and mango chutneys offered by local vendors and chefs . It all has a refreshing yet sweet flavor and the savory and spicy combinations intrigue me . Its versatility makes it easy-to-use in salads , dips , chutneys , smoothies and even bread . But even after dozens of tastings , I 'm still looking at my notes unable to decide what makes a perfect mango . I seek alternative opinion once again . "  I definitely do not like Manila , " says seven-year old son . "  It 's super sour . " Dr. Campbell says it 's almost impossible to decide what the "  best " mango is . But that does n't stop him picking one out . "  My favorite is the Edward because I grew up with it , I have it in my backyard , " says Campbell . "  It is safe and it reminds me of home . " After two days of exploration , numerous tastings and various conversations I finally decide on a favorite : I opt for the Fairchild mango from Panama , named after David Fairchild . It 's smooth , creamy and fragrant , its bold sweetness is addictive and I 'm intrigued by the color . It 's just a shame my choice means excluding so many delicious others .	The International Mango Festival takes places every year in Miami , bringing together mango enthusiasts and experts Dozens of varieties from around the world can be tasted , cooked and bid for during the two-day event The Fairchild mango was named after David Fairchild , who introduced mangoes to the U.S. in early 1900s
Mexico City  CNN  -- Mexican officials are revealing details of a recently announced agreement that ends a 16-year trucking dispute between Mexico and the United States . U.S. President Barack Obama and Mexican President Felipe Calderon announced the agreement during a visit by the Mexican leader to Washington last week . The two leaders solved what had been a wrench in the gears of the North American Free Trade Agreement , which was signed in 1994 . Under the agreement , U.S. and Mexican tractor-trailers were to be allowed to transport goods back-and-forth across the border beginning in 1995 . But safety and security concerns spurred the United States to bar Mexican trucks on U.S. roadways . In response , Mexico retaliated with $ 2.5 billion in tariffs on a variety of U.S. goods . A pilot program in 2007 to get Mexican trucks on U.S. roads was de-funded . This time , Mexican officials said , in details that began to emerge over the weekend , the authorizations will be permanent . Unlike the failed pilot program , under the new plan there will be no limit to the number of companies who can participate and the trucks they can register for cross-border transport , said Dionisio Perez-Jacome , Mexico 's Communications and Transportation Minister . There will be three phases to the program , he said . The first will be the application and inspection of Mexican trucks and the accreditation of their operators , Perez-Jacome said . This phase concludes with a provisional authorization being granted to enter the United States . The second phase starts with a three-month period of thorough inspections of the vehicles crossing the border , checks that will decrease starting the fourth month , he said . It concludes with a certification that the company is following all the rules . The last phase involves the Mexican companies being notified of their permanent authorization , which can be granted after 18 months of successful operations , Perez-Jacome said . This authorization can only be revoked if a safety regulation is broken . A binational commission will be created to monitor all the phases of the new program . "  This is a great step forward in our bilateral relations , " Mexican Economy Minister Bruno Ferrari said . "  The solution to this conflict represents a substantial advance for regional competitiveness , and , without a doubt , will offer new business opportunities for Mexican truckers . " Currently , three trucks and three drivers are used to get goods across the border , Ferrari said . It comes out to about $ 150 per crossing . Multiplied by the 4.5 million annual truck crossings , the savings generated could exceed $ 675 million , he said . The agreement is expected to be signed by both presidents by June , at which time Mexico will drop half of its retaliatory tariffs , Ferrari said . The second half will be removed when the first permit for Mexican truckers is issued . However , Ferrari noted , Mexico reserves the right to re-introduce tariffs if any parts of the agreement are violated by the United States . Some in Mexico expressed concern that the U.S. Congress may block the agreement . Ferrari said that his understanding was that Obama was asking for a consultation period that would include Congress , but that the legislative body 's approval would not be required . The flow of goods across the border exceeded $ 2.75 billion in 2010 , which represents 70 % of total trade between Mexico and the United States , Ferrari said . "  The agreement achieved will reduce the costs of transporting goods between both nations , " he said .	Obama and Calderon announced the agreement last week It comes after 16 years of disputes Mexico truckers would go through three phases before authorization
CNN  -- The Developing Communities Project is a faith-based , nonprofit organization formed when area churches wanted to help people hurt by the 1970s steel plant closings on the South Side of Chicago . It offers job training and literacy programs . It 's working with Loyola University and area municipalities on an infrastructure project designed to address the region 's growing population and create jobs . And its first executive director was Barack Obama . Obama : My vision for America That 's right , the man often accused of being a Muslim spent years working for a Christian organization . The man who supposedly only wants to give handouts to people spent years empowering them through education . The man Republicans accuse of only caring about himself spent his entire adult life helping those less fortunate . True , his first term as president has not come without its disappointments . He said he would cut the deficit -- he has n't . He said his administration would not be politics as usual and then he played politics with immigration reform and gay rights . And Gitmo is still open . But before he was president or senator or even an Illinois state representative , Obama was a young man with a degree from Columbia University who could have done just about anything he wanted , and he chose to go back to his adopted home of Chicago and help poor people . Politics : If Obama wins ... A politician 's record is not confined to what he or she does in office . That 's important , but it 's an abbreviated version co-authored by consultants and edited by poll numbers . To really understand a candidate , voters have to look at the original , unabridged manuscript , the record he or she began writing before realizing someone else might read it . I did n't vote for Obama in 2008 because he was n't George W. Bush . I did n't vote for him out of racial solidarity or because he gives pretty speeches . I voted for Obama in 2008 for the same reason why I voted for him in 2012 -- his record . And his time as a community organizer is part of that of record . Sure , I could rely on numbers to present a strong argument for a second term . About this time four years ago , the country lost 159,000 jobs , the country 's ninth consecutive month of job loss . Last week we learned we created 171,000 jobs , the 25th consecutive month of job growth . Regardless of party , I would think that would be seen as a good thing . Our housing prices have rebounded to where they were nine years ago , and the Dow Jones Index recently closed at its highest mark in five years . I could also point to the death of Osama bin Laden or the currency collapse in Iran because of the sanctions that he 's led . But to fully understand why I voted for Obama , one only needs to look at this quote from author H. Jackson Brown Jr. : "  Our character is what we do when we think no one is looking . " Opinion : What 's really at stake in election 2012 When no one was looking , Obama was a humble community organizer fighting for poor Americans who had lost their jobs . Four years ago , his critics mocked him for that . Today , we see a lot has changed about him ... but not that . He is still fighting for those Americans who are hurting , and it gives me a measure of peace knowing that the person in charge of making tough budget cuts has a record of working with people who are hurting . I 'm sure Mitt Romney is a decent man , and he 's given millions to his church . But I ca n't shake the fact the self-proclaimed "  son of Detroit " did not come around the city when it began to struggle in the 1980s . The great "  job creator " did nothing for the city when it was hemorrhaging jobs in the 1990s and to this day he only seems to come around Detroit during election time . If this is how the "  son " treats family , I can only imagine the disregard he holds for strangers . Actually I do n't have to imagine . I watched the 47 % video . The one that was taped when he thought no one outside of the room would be listening . This is why he 's trailing in Michigan and Massachusetts , the two states to which he 's most closely tied . It 's not because he 's Republican . The three Massachusetts governors before Romney were Republican , while four of the past six governors in Michigan were Republicans , including his father . He trails because the people there know him . They know his record . His real record . Not the manicured version he presents on the campaign trail , but the unabridged version he began writing before his life in politics began . The version all future politicians script with the decisions that they make . I 'm not wearing blinders . I know Obama is just as flawed as Romney . He 's a politician . How can he not be ? But at the end of the day I 'd rather have President Barack Obama in the White House , someone with a record of being about the work of helping others before he was in office , than Mitt Romney , someone who has a record of talking about it once he got there . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : In Chicago , Obama directed faith-based group to help displaced workers He says Obama not perfect , but his early choices showed will to help those in need He says there are good reasons for another term : Jobs numbers , housing prices LZ : Romney shows up in home states in election ; Obama has record of helping others
The White House announced Monday that the First Family 's personal chef , Sam Kass , is leaving and will move to New York . Kass also heads up the First Lady 's "  Let 's Move ! " initiative , aimed at ending childhood obesity and promoting healthy eating habits among youth , and serves as the White House senior policy adviser on nutrition . First Lady Michelle Obama praised Kass for his work on improving nutrition for the nation . "  Sam leaves an extraordinary legacy of progress , including healthier food options in grocery store aisles , more nutritious school lunches , and new efforts that have improved how healthy food is marketed to our kids , " she said . He 's been one of Obama 's key liaisons with the education community as she 's sought to implement improved nutritional standards for school lunches . But that role has not been without controversy , as students have boycotted the lunches and the Student Nutrition Association , an organization that represents cafeteria workers and their allies , has argued the standards are too much of a burden on schools and students . Kass was , in fact , denied a request to speak at the SNA 's annual convention this summer , after previously enjoying a warm and active partnership with the group in helping to publicize and implement the new standards . In the White House , however , Kass is a noncontroversial figure , a friend of the President who the first White House home-brewed . Indeed , he 's so close with the Obamas that they attended his wedding with MSNBC host Alex Wagner . Obama said Kass has left "  an indelible mark " on the White House . "  Over the years , Sam has grown from a close friend to a critical member of my team , and I am grateful for his outstanding work and look forward to seeing all that he will continue to achieve in the years ahead , " the president said in a statement . The White House said a successor will be named next year .	Sam Kass is the Obamas ' personal chef and leads the ` Let 's Move ! ' initiative He 's leaving to move to New York The White House said his replacement will be named next year
CNN Student News  -- January 13 , 2014 Monday 's show catches you up on some major stories that made headlines over the weekend , from the passing of a former Israeli leader to the anniversary of a catastrophic earthquake in Haiti . We 'll also cover the latest U.S. jobs numbers , which disappointed many economists , and we 'll look into the season-long suspension of a baseball superstar . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : If you were producing a story looking back on the anniversary of a natural disaster , what would your focus be ? What elements would you include in your story ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . Haiti 2 . economic indicator 3 . arbitrator Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . Who was Ariel Sharon ? According to the video : How would his supporters describe him ? How would his critics characterize him ? 2 . According to the federal government , what is the current U.S. unemployment rate ? What is this number based on ? Who is not counted in this number ? 3 . What natural disaster took place in Haiti four years ago ? 4 . According to the report : What "  dishonorable distinction " has Major League Baseball player Alex Rodriguez just acquired ? Why ? How did Rodriguez respond to this announcement ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What do you know about the conflict in the Middle East ? How are ripple effects of this conflict felt in other places around the world ? Why do you think that this conflict is significant to many outside that region ? 2 . In the video , we hear one economist describe the current state of the U.S. economy as a "  frustrating situation . " Why does he believe this is so ? What do you think is the best way to promote job growth ? Should there be more government action , or should government get out of the way ? Discuss . 3 . What do you think about the 162-game suspension given to Alex Rodriguez for his alleged use of performance-enhancing drugs ? What is your opinion of the use of illegal PEDs in professional sports ? To what extent do you think that athletes should be penalized for the use of PEDs ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Monsignor William Lynn , the highest-ranking cleric accused of imperiling children by helping cover up sexual abuse , was found guilty Friday of one count of child endangerment . He was found not guilty on a second count of endangerment and a conspiracy charge to protect a priest accused of abuse . The jury was unable to bring a verdict against his co-defendant , the Rev. James Brennan , who was charged with attempted rape of a 14-year-old altar boy and endangering the welfare of a child . Lynn was taken into custody after Friday 's verdict , when the judge revoked his bail . His lawyer , Jeffrey Lindy , derided the decision not to let his client remain free on bond prior to sentencing , calling it "  an unspeakable miscarriage of justice  for  a 61-year-old man with no prior record and long established ties to the community . " He is set to be sentenced August 13 , court officials said , and could face up to seven years in prison for his conviction on a third-degree felony . The trial marked the first time U.S. prosecutors charged not just priests who allegedly committed abuses but church leaders for failing to stop them . Calling the verdict "  historic , " Philadelphia District attorney R. Seth Williams said Friday 's decision sends a message about potential consequences of not reporting sexual abuse . "  Many people of many generations have unclean hands when it comes to this silence , " Williams said , adding that others could also be investigated . Terence McKiernan , who heads the advocacy website BishopAccountability.org , called the conviction "  a watershed moment in the Catholic abuse crisis . " "  Because of the Lynn verdict , bishops and church officials are now accountable . They are no longer immune from judgment and punishment , " McKiernan said . And Marci Hamilton , a victims ' rights attorney , said the jury 's verdict Friday -- as well as the decision by now-defrocked priest Edward Avery to plead guilty after admitting to sexually assaulting a 10-year-old altar boy -- suggests "  the picture is now clear that the Philadelphia archdiocese permitted crimes against children . " The archdiocese issued its own statement after the verdict , though it did not mention the trial or either Lynn or Brennan by name . It did , however , insist that "  the lessons of the last year have made our Church a more vigilant guardian of our people 's safety . " "  The Archdiocese of Philadelphia is on a journey of reform and renewal that requires honesty and hope , " it said . "  We are committed to providing support and assistance to parishioners as they and the Church seek to more deeply understand sexual violence , and to create an environment that is safe and welcoming to all , including past victims . " Attorneys : Cardinal ordered memo on priests destroyed Lynn 's attorney said he felt the jury agreed there was no "  far flung conspiracy , " though he conceded the prosecution "  scored a victory " in securing the lone conviction -- one that made he and the monsignor "  extremely upset . " "  By finding him guilty , they 're saying he helped endanger children , " Lindy said . "  It 's the last thing he wanted to do . ... I do n't think he 's the evil person the district attorney is making him out to be . " Bill Donahue of the Catholic League , an advocacy group devoted to challenging defamation of or discrimination against Catholics , called the verdict a defeat for overzealous prosecutors and victims advocates who he claimed had unfairly targeted church leaders . "  The witch hunt has come to an end , and those who have been clamoring for blood lost big time , " Donahue said in a statement . "  They wanted the big prize -- they wanted to nail a high-ranking clergyman on conspiracy . ... Looks like their car ran out of gas in Philadelphia . " More than 60 witnesses and alleged clergy abuse victims testified during Lynn and Brennan 's criminal trial , which began March 26 and wrapped up May 31 , with jury deliberations beginning the next day . Lynn 's defense team argued that their client repeatedly told higher-ups about the alleged abuse and , under strict orders from late Cardinal Anthony Bevilacqua , had no authority to remove priests from the ministry . Assistant District Attorney Patrick Blessington characterized Lynn 's behavior as "  disgraceful , " "  shameful " and "  ridiculous , " sarcastically calling him a "  hero " who put young people in harm 's way . "  He actually looked you in the eye and said he put victims first . How dare he ? " the prosecutor asked jurors during his more than 2 1/2 - hour closing argument . Lynn 's conspiracy count related to an allegation that he schemed with Avery and other archdiocese officials to endanger children . Avery had been due to go on trial with Brennan and Lynn , but he pleaded guilty in March to a sexual assault that occurred during the 1998-99 school year . The 69-year-old was sentenced to 2 1/2 to five years in prison . Brennan himself was removed from the active ministry in 2006 . Two years later , he admitted that he had allowed the youngster to view pornography and sleep in the same bed with him in 1996 , according to church investigators ' testimony . CNN 's Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	NEW : Lynn is "  extremely upset ; " his lawyer says he should be free on bond before sentencing Philadelphia 's district attorney hails the verdict as "  historic , " says others could be charged The monsignor is found guilty of one count of child endangerment and acquitted on two others The jury was unable to bring a verdict against his co-defendant , the Rev. James Brennan
CNN  -- Enough ! Enough with putting off tomorrow what we should be talking about today . Enough with being afraid to step on someone 's delicate sensibilities when it comes to the Second Amendment . Enough with elected leaders who are too cowardly to confront the National Rifle Association and their ardent supporters . Enough with moms and dads and brothers and sisters and aunts and uncles and pastors and deacons who are afraid to make public the private anguish of mental illness . Enough ! Enough ! Enough ! Enough with just asking for thoughts and prayers . Enough with just hugging our children . Enough with leaving flowers and teddy bears at a makeshift memorial . It 's time for action . It 's time for people of conscience to , in the words of the late civil rights activist Fannie Lou Hamer , be "  sick and tired of being sick and tired . " America , 20 of our children are dead , and we are all paralyzed , not knowing what to do or say . I 've shed tears for the lives of the innocent children and adults at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown , Connecticut . Many of you have likely done the same . Opinion : Mourn , and take action on guns We witnessed the president of the United States , Barack Obama , stand before the country fighting back tears talking about the lives lost , reminding of us other tragedies involving guns and sick individuals behind the trigger . And every time this happened , those who refuse to discuss gun control are quick to say , "  Now is not the time . " One day after Kansas City Chiefs linebacker Jovan Belcher shot and killed his girlfriend , Kasandra Perkins , NBC Sports anchor Bob Costas said it was time to talk about this nation 's fascination with guns . Instead of being hailed as an honest communicator , he was vilified for having the audacity to raise the subject at the halftime of a football game . Polls : Your thoughts on gun control Have we become such a nation of cowards that we are desperate to not discuss a real issue , instead saying , "  Please , shut up so I can watch the game ? " Yet today , we are glued to the television , unable to turn from the scene in Newtown , Connecticut , eager to find every new detail as to what led to the horrific mass murder of a classroom full of kindergartners . Share your thoughts on the shooting It was n't time to talk about this when Rep. Gabby Giffords was shot in the head , and six others were killed in January 2011 . It was n't time in July 2012 when 12 people were blown away in a movie theater in Colorado . Seven were killed at a Sikh temple near Milwaukee near August , and we were told then , "  Now is not the time . " So , please , exactly when is the time ? This nation , whether we want to admit it not , is one that is fascinated and enraptured with guns . It courses through our veins like heroin shooting through the arms of an addict . We love to see it in our movies , video games , on television , and then we 'll fiercely defend the right to bear arms , all while flagrantly waving the U.S. Constitution in the face of anyone who objects . News : Obama remains committed to assault weapons ban , White House There is absolutely no reason why we need as many guns in America . None . It simply should n't be the way of life others are so quick to defend . There is absolutely no doubt that we need tough and stringent gun control . Not solely to prevent murders like those in Connecticut , but to remove the option when someone is angered , depressed or in the case of too many , mentally ill . And that 's the second issue that it 's time that we come to grips with in this country : We are a nation that has chosen to either medicate or ignore altogether . "  They have a few screws loose . " "  You know he 's off his rocker . " We 've heard all of the terms . We often laugh and dismiss the mentally ill in America , choosing to cross the street when we see the homeless veteran screaming and cussing at anyone who walks by . When it 's time for budget cuts , those most vulnerable often get thrown out first . For years American cities , counties and states have shirked their responsibility when it comes to the mentally ill , choosing to abandon helping them , but quick to build a new prison to incarcerate them when a law is broken . Now we wait to see if the Newtown , Connecticut , killer will be the latest Jared Lee Loughner  Gabby Giffords  , Seung-Hui Cho  Virginia Tech  , or James Holmes  Colorado movie theater all individuals who were described as mentally unstable . Timeline : School violence in the U.S. Too often the warning signs were there , but ignored for one reason or another . Could any of these tragedies have been prevented ? No one knows for sure . But I sure as hell would rather try than have to be a first responder and look a parent in the eye and say , "  Sir or ma'am , I 'm sorry . But your baby is dead , killed in the classroom along with 19 other classmates . " See , now is the time that they are having that conversation . Now is the time those parents are grieving the loss of their babies . Now is the time parents in Newtown , Connecticut are eschewing Christmas plans to prepare for a funeral . School shooting : Shattering the sense of safety America , now is the time for us to stop living in denial . We must address guns . We must address mental illness . We must have the courage and conviction to put aside our political views and deal with the task at hand . America , NOW IS THE TIME . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	Roland Martin : Enough with our cowardice in dealing with gun control , mental illness Martin : It 's time for action , and to be "  sick and tired of being sick and tired " He says there is absolutely no reason why we need so many guns in America Martin : We must also not avoid our responsibilities when it comes to the mentally ill
CNN  -- The Trans Alaska pipeline is expected to return to full service this week after a leak near Prudhoe Bay brought the flow of oil to a stop this month , a company spokeswoman said . "  We are in the final stages of the bypass line , " said Alyeska Pipeline Service Co. spokeswoman Megan Egan . The 800-mile line was shut down January 8 when a leak was found during an inspection of a pump house . The pipeline then was reopened from Tuesday through Saturday to flush remaining oil from the line . When the pumping resumes , the flow will start at about 500,000 barrels of oil a day -- about three-quarters of normal flow -- and then move to its full capacity , Egan said . The pipeline 's daily average output is about 642,000 barrels , according to the company website .	A leak is found in a booster pump building The pipeline will start pumping at a reduced rate The Trans Alaska pipline is about 800 miles long
CNN  -- He 's made more money at the movies this year than Adam Sandler , Seth Rogen , invading aliens and yes , even Justin Bieber . His name is Rango , a strange-looking lizard with the voice of Johnny Depp , and he 's the current king of the box office . In 2009 , only one fully animated film , "  Up , " was among the 10 biggest domestic grossers of the year . In 2010 , the box office crown was taken by "  Toy Story 3 , " and it was among five films in the top 10 . In both years , animated films grossed well over $ 1 billion . "  Rango " is n't alone at the box office this year , either . Live-action/animation hybrid "  Hop " has been the No. 1 movie for two weekends running , while the last weekend in February saw Disney 's computer-animated romantic comedy "  Gnomeo & Juliet " holding its own in its third week in theaters , just barely coming in second to that weekend 's new comedy "  Hall Pass . " "  Gnomeo " is approaching a total take of $ 100 million in the United States . This weekend sees the release of the animated musical "  Rio , " which has already made more than $ 50 million internationally . The sequel "  Hoodwinked Too ! Hood vs. Evil " is out later this month . Animation as a box office force  despite a few exceptions  could n't come about only because of families with young kids . Rabid fans of the genre often follow every release and enjoy the artistic aspect of it as well as the fact that so many of the films work on a completely different level for adults . "  The output of animated features in the last few years has definitely opened up from when I was a kid 20 years ago , " said Michael Howe , a writer for JimHillMedia.com , who has a degree in animation from Illinois Institute of Art-Chicago . "  There is a variety to the marketplace these days that can allow us to pick and choose from the pop-culture oriented fare from DreamWorks or allow us to seek out the unfamiliar like Studio Ghibli 's ` Spirited Away . ' " Chicago resident Howe has been inspired since childhood by the medium : "  With animation , there is the potential to take us to new worlds or environments that seem somehow familiar , but have been tweaked in little ways . You can see this in the style of the very angular world of the film ` Madagascar , ' and even the vehicle-themed environments in the world of ` Cars . ' " Twenty years ago , hand-drawn animation experienced a resurgence in popularity thanks to "  The Little Mermaid , " "  Beauty and the Beast , " and later , "  The Lion King . " When the first "  Toy Story " was released in 1995 , it heralded the eventual takeover by computer animation in feature films . Still , Disney was practically the only game in town . Toronto resident Mike Bastoli is one of many hardcore fans of Disney 's Pixar animation studio , which has won the Best Animated Feature Oscar the past four years . "  The way they combine the art of storytelling with the technology they use is incredible , " said Bastoli , who created the fan site The Pixar Blog in 2007 and was flown out to visit the studio last year . "  They really put a lot of attention into their story , more than any film studio out there , be it animated or live action . The story is what makes the movies work . " "  Pixar is really the only bulletproof brand left in Hollywood , " said Boxofficeguru.com editor Gitesh Pandya . "  They have n't had a flop yet . " David A. Gross , editor and publisher of MovieReviewIntelligence.com , said a big reason for that is the broad appeal of the studio 's recent releases . "  You hear adults talking about how they were moved by ` Toy Story 3 , ' and ` Up ' was a great story about an older character . When they fire on all cylinders like that , the  box office  can really take off . " In 2001 , the game changed again , when DreamWorks found success with "  Shrek , " the first of four movies in that franchise  with the spinoff , "  Puss in Boots , " due later this year  . "  We 've been very excited to see the growth and popularity of animation , " said Anne Globe , head of worldwide marketing for DreamWorks Animation . In recent years , the studio 's hits have included the first two "  Madagascar " movies  a third is on the way in June 2012  and "  Kung Fu Panda , " whose sequel , following the adventures of Jack Black 's character , Po , will be released on May 26 . Globe pointed out that "  Panda 's " official Facebook page has had great success , with more than 3 million "  likes " from users . "  Certainly that is attributable to the popularity of the character , " she said . "  Po and Shrek are both very popular on Facebook . " In 2002 , the first of many "  Ice Age " movies became a blockbuster for 20th Century Fox 's Blue Sky Studios  a fourth film is due next year  , and the company hopes to see similar success with "  Rio , " especially with teens and beyond . The movie 's partnership with the popular "  Angry Birds " online game has been a huge success , and a performance by two of the movie 's stars , Jamie Foxx and Will.i.am , on "  American Idol " attempted to attract that show 's audience via the soundtrack . "  Animated movies have become very unique in that in the last several years , they have become all-audience movies , " said Jeffrey Godsick , executive vice president of marketing for 20th Century Fox . Through marketing campaigns like the one for "  Rio , " he said , "  We are able to speak to the widest audience possible and can speak to different audience segments . Adults also know that there are jokes in the movie for them , that there 's an emotional story for them . " It 's hard to find a studio that has n't jumped into the animation game . "  Almost all of the studios have really broken through : Sony did well with ` Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs , ' and Fox has done well with ` Ice Age , ' " said Gross . "  It 's no longer just a Disney brand . " Paramount is the latest studio fairly new to the animation world to have a smash hit on its hands with "  Rango . " "  When you look at these animated movies like ` Despicable Me , ' it was cute but it also had raw humor for adults . It was hip , " said Gross . "  You see the same thing with ` Rango ' now . It 's cool looking . Johnny Depp appeals to everybody . These are much bigger than a ` kiddie ' movie . " DreamWorks also strives to put out movies that will have broad appeal . "  It makes for a great audience response to our films , " said Globe . "  In addition to the family audience , we 've had great success with teens and tweens , and we hope to see the same reaction to ` Kung Fu Panda 2 . ' " Animation is a fact of life in Hollywood beyond "  Shrek " and "  Toy Story . " "  Computer-generated imagery  , which is used more and more in normal live action films , is now the bread and butter of the animation world , " said iReporter Brett Martin , a film critic for the past 10 years and former entertainment reporter at Atlanta 's WAGA-TV . "  In fact , CGI has advanced so much it is hard to tell the difference between animation and reality these days . " There seems to be no limit to the amount of animated fare we 'll see coming out of Hollywood in the near future . "  With three major sequels , a prequel and a handful of other nicely timed releases , 2011 animation has the potential for similar growth " to last year , said Martin , who gave his most glowing review of the year so far to "  Rango . " Aside from "  Puss in Boots , " other highly anticipated films this year include "  Cars 2 , " "  Happy Feet 2 , " "  The Adventures of Tintin : The Secret of the Unicorn , " and the hand-drawn "  Winnie the Pooh . " DreamWorks recently announced several upcoming animated features , including "  How to Train Your Dragon 2 , " and a new version of "  Mr. Peabody & Sherman , " for 2012 and beyond . For the "  Dragon " franchise , a second movie is just the beginning . "  We were thrilled with the response for the first film , and subsequently fans are interested in what the sequel will be , " said Globe . "  Also , Cartoon Network will be bringing forth a TV series in 2012 . "  Cartoon Network , like CNN is a Time Warner company . As long as the big box office numbers keep rolling in , moviegoers will continue to see more . As Pandya put it , "  When the movie is well-made and the marketing is done well , the rewards are enormous . "	Animated films have dominated the box office more and more in recent years Many studios are getting in on the action , beyond Disney and DreamWorks Fans admire the artistry and clever storytelling of these films Wide appeal helps bring in more than $ 1 billion a year in U.S. alone
CNN  -- British police investigating the 2007 disappearance of Madeleine McCann will begin digging this week in an area of wasteland close to where she went missing in Portugal , sources close to the investigation have told CNN . Media have gathered outside a cordoned-off area of the beach resort town of Praia da Luz , in Portugal 's Algarve region , but it is unclear when digging will begin . Madeleine was a few weeks shy of her fourth birthday when she disappeared from her family 's holiday apartment on May 3 , 2007 . Her parents had left Madeleine and her younger twin siblings asleep while they went for dinner with friends at a tapas restaurant nearby . Her mother raised the alarm when she checked on the children about 10 p.m. and discovered her daughter missing . CNN understands that London 's Metropolitan Police will be in charge of the new digging operation in abandoned terrain close to where Madeleine disappeared . A large investigation team is expected to use dogs and radar in the search and dig a number of holes , sources said . Portuguese police searched the area soon after Madeleine 's disappearance , and it is understood they will intervene only if a body is found . Sources told CNN that British police were working on the assumption that Madeleine was dead , while their Portuguese counterparts were working on the assumption that she was still alive and had been taken out of Portugal by a non-Portuguese national who had been in the country for a short time . Scotland Yard -- as London 's Metropolitan Police are known -- has not commented on the latest development , other than to confirm that British officers would be in Praia da Luz this week . On May 22 , its head of specialist crime and operations , Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley , told media there would be "  specific police activity " in Portugal in the coming weeks , relating to Madeleine 's disappearance . "  It should not be assumed that this substantial upcoming phase of work in Portugal will immediately lead us to the answers that will explain what has happened , " he warned . "  What you will see is normal police activity you would expect in any such major investigation . " Rowley said the senior investigator in the case , Detective Chief Inspector Andy Redwood , and his team would be traveling to Portugal but would not be commenting on the investigation . He reiterated that Portuguese police had advised Metropolitan Police that they did not brief media on current investigations . "  They clearly stated that if the MPS  Metropolitan Police Service  provide any briefings or information on the work they are undertaking on our behalf , or if reporters cause any disruption to their work in Portugal , activity will cease until that problem dissipates , " Rowley said . "  We have made it clear to colleagues in Portugal that we will not be giving operational updates , " he said . "  If media interfere with police work , that work will stop . " In July 2013 , Scotland Yard reopened its investigation into Madeleine 's disappearance after a two-year review of the original probe . Portuguese police reopened their investigation last October . At the time , the Metropolitan Police said the two police forces ' investigations would run in parallel . Madeleine 's parents -- Kate and Gerry McCann -- launched a massive publicity campaign to find their daughter after she went missing and say they continue to believe she is still alive .	Madeleine disappeared from her family 's holiday apartment in Portugal in 2007 British police reopened their investigation into her disappearance in July 2013 Media have gathered at an area of wasteland in Praia da Luz that has been cordoned off by police Sources tell CNN a British team will be digging in the area , using dogs and radar
CNN  -- Graydon Grotberg remembers when his hometown of International Falls , Minnesota , had no commercial airport . Now , he ca n't imagine life without it . More than a half-century ago , Grotberg boarded a Greyhound bus for the 300-mile trip to Minneapolis-St . Paul where he enlisted in Marine Corps boot camp amid the Korean War . Two years later , he returned home to Minnesota and a bus brought him back to International Falls , safe and sound . But Greyhound does n't service International Falls anymore . Neither does Amtrak . So Grotberg , now an 81-year-old retired widower , relies on a Delta Connection flight from the International Falls airport to the Twin Cities , where he receives medical treatment for his eye condition . When he ca n't make the flight , he shares a VA hospital van with several other travelers willing to endure the six-hour drive . Grotberg would drive himself -- if it were n't for his eye condition -- which he says is similar to macular degeneration . It restricts his driving to daytime only -- on non-interstate roads . "  If nobody else is scheduled to take the van , then I have to fly , " Grotberg says . "  if we did n't have a flight out of here that I could take , I do n't know what I 'd do . We 're kind of stranded up here . " Grotberg 's situation could get a lot worse . A House bill proposes virtually killing a subsidy program that helps 162 small rural airports , like the one in International Falls , stay in business . Airports in Alaska and Hawaii would be spared . Subsidized airport locations and amounts It 's a threat that could leave Grotberg and other travelers who rely on tiny local airports with frighteningly few travel options . Without the program -- which is called Essential Air Service , International Falls would change radically , say community leaders . Commercial airlines would pull out , they say , leaving the airport with nothing but income from private aircraft and charter flights . The airport ferries business travelers for a local paper mill as well as hunters and other outdoor sports enthusiasts . Over the long term , officials say , the airport infrastructure would suffer due to the loss of funding . Not only would those travelers be left with few options , the economic effects on the town , they say , would be staggering . "  It would be incredibly difficult , probably impossible , to find another carrier to come here without an EAS contract , unless the economy surges astoundingly and fuel prices simultaneously decline , " says Susan Baratono , executive secretary of the airport commission . Falling numbers , crucial connections International Falls ' airport started getting the EAS subsidies in 2009 . "  For many , many years we never needed it , " says airport commission chairman Bob Anderson , until the nation 's economic crisis took its toll . In the last two to three years the facility 's annual commercial airline traffic has plunged from about 25,000 departures and 25,000 arrivals , to recent figures of 13,000 or 14,000 each way , Anderson says . "  But we 're seeing those numbers starting to increase . " A recent price for the least expensive round-trip ticket from International Falls to Minneapolis was more than $ 450 , says Pam Pavleck , Minneapolis-area branch manager of Travel Leaders . "  We have a lot of people who come down from International Falls to Minneapolis-St . Paul and shop -- they go to Mall of America -- and we have a lot of people who visit their family , " Pavleck said . "  And if they 're going to stay awhile , they might drive down so they can have their cars , but for weekend trips -- yes they want to fly . " Vacationers from International Falls and Minnesota 's other small towns also rely on their local airports to ferry them hundreds of miles to Minneapolis where they must make crucial airline connections in their itineraries . EAS is projected to pay more than $ 1.3 million in subsidies this fiscal year to Delta Connection for its International Falls service . That works out to a subsidy of about $ 49.79 per passenger , according to the Department of Transportation . Now Delta Connection is looking to pull its service from the community . Under EAS , airlines ca n't pull out of an airport until a replacement carrier agrees to fill the gap . Negotiations are now ongoing with Great Lakes Airlines to have that airline replace Delta Connection , Anderson says . Is it obsolete ? EAS opponents point to news reports out of Ely , Nevada , describing outrage over last year 's sky-high average per passenger subsidy of $ 3,720 . The Essential Air Service program began in 1978 as a temporary way to help small airports survive federal deregulation . Rep. Tom Petri , chairman of the House aviation subcommittee , says the program is obsolete . "  Why should the government have to pay for all this ? " asks Petri , a Wisconsin Republican . Being from a big state , Petri is very aware that small airports are important to rural voters . What does he tell them when they complain about his plan to cut subsidies ? "  Up in northern Wisconsin , a number of people were n't happy about this sort of thing , " he admits . "  I say well ... my part of the state , Appleton , had air service and it was canceled numerous times and each time it was canceled people got together and started a new airline themselves . It 's not that hard . You just need a pilot and a small plane . " Petri suggests that these airports join a federal small communities program which provides grants to help start new air service . Supporters say taxpayers should n't have a problem with EAS because much of the fund does n't come from taxpayer dollars . According to the Department of Transportation , $ 50 million of the fund 's $ 193 million is paid for by foreign airlines through fees they pay to fly over the United States . If EAS dies , says Petri , that money will continue to be collected and could possibly go toward many other goals , including deficit reduction and speeding up implementation of NextGen -- the FAA 's massive overhaul of the nation 's air traffic system . Petri says it 's time for small airport operators to put free enterprise in the driver 's seat . For Grotberg , getting in the driver 's seat for a holiday visit to see his three daughters and grandchildren is not an option . His eyesight has failed him and now , he fears the airlines and Congress might fail him too . He supports EAS . "  I favor it more than other kinds of government subsidies , " says Grotberg . "  It 's more important than subsidizing oil companies . " House and Senate negotiators are hammering out a compromise bill this month . Petri says they 're "  very close " to an agreement . but it 's unclear if the EAS program will survive . If so , full House and the Senate votes on a final bill are expected sometime in January . Some might suggest that Grotberg consider moving closer to his doctor and family in Minneapolis-St . Paul . But after living in International Falls nearly his entire life -- working at the local paper mill and raising his three daughters -- he says that 's just not going to happen . "  It 's a small town and it 's so easy to get around and it has such friendly people . I like my home . I 'm comfortable . I do n't know if I could ever relocate . "	Minnesota man relies on small airport for medical treatment House bill aims to kill subsidies to dozens of small airports Airport : Killing subsidies would hurt town 's economy Opponent : Subsidies waste federal money
CNN  -- Students asked to fork out thousands of Kenyan shillings for a bursary ; drivers pushed to pay police officers for traffic offences ; people asked to shell out large sums to speed up the process of getting a new passport or making a land transfer . These are just some of the most common reports of bribery that can be found in ipaidabribe.or.ke , a recently-launched website dedicated to battling rampant public corruption in Kenya and uncovering its economic impact . The initiative , which was launched last December by Antony Ragui , a 37-year-old financial services consultant , allows victims of graft to share their bribe stories anonymously and track incidents of corruption online . "  I came back to the country from the States about four years ago and I would listen to a lot of Kenyans complain about corruption on social media , on Twitter , on private blogs and I basically got tired of it , " says Ragui . "  I said now it 's time for me to do something different . " Read more : Crooked top officials should take a fall , says Kenyan corruption chief Based on a similar site launched a few years ago in India to curb corruption , Ragui 's online platform is divided in three categories , containing detailed information about the amount of money paid and the location of the bribe . The first section contains stories about bribes that were paid , breaking down the numbers by region and government department . The second collects stories from people who refused to pay a bribe , while the third contains stories of honesty , where citizens were not asked to pay a public official . Until now , Ragui 's site has hosted nearly 600 cases of , mainly petty , bribery worth around 17 million Kenyan shillings   # 204,000  . "  Corruption is a huge issue : it 's so endemic and the worst part about it is it becomes a way of life , " says Ragui , who 's also about to roll out an SMS service that will allow citizens to report their stories instantaneously via their mobile phones . "  So what I 'm trying to do with the site essentially is to get people to create a network of anti-corruption people -- people who feel that this has to come to an end and we need to make a difference . " Opinion : Can Kenya avoid Africa 's resource curse ? According to anti-corruption group Transparency International , Kenya is one of the world 's most corrupt countries . The group 's 2011 East African Bribery Index said that there is a 67 % chance that Kenyans would be expected to pay a bribe every time they interacted with the police . Overall , the cost of corruption in Africa is estimated at more than $ 148 billion a year , according to African Union estimates . Yet ipaidabribe.or.ke is not the only attempt to use information technology as a tool in the fight against corruption in Africa as an increasing number of similar websites have popped up across the continent . Also based on India 's I Paid A Bribe , Bribe Nigeria was set up last summer by Leonard Raphael to raise awareness about corruption and address its impact on the West African country . "  Corruption is an endemic disease that has eaten up every facet of the Nigerian society , " says Raphael , pointing to the case of a father who was asked by police officers to give them money for fuel after they came to his house to search for his son who was just kidnapped . "  As soon as corruption can be controlled in Nigeria , every other sustainable development can henceforth progress , " adds Raphael . In South Africa , Corruption Watch was launched in late January in a bid to encourage people to join their voices against the problem . So far , the group says it has collected some 1,200 reports from all corners of the country through its online reporting form , an SMS line , social media and by email or post . "  It 's designed principally to show to people that by reporting and by speaking up something can happen , " says the group 's executive director David Lewis . "  The way of changing things in a democracy is to speak up and to speak as much as possible with a connected voice , " he adds . Read more : The Africans looking to make it in China Ben Elers , director of programs at Transparency International , says that all these initiatives can be a powerful tool in the fight against corruption . "  I think they are essential in giving citizens a voice , they 're enabling them to voice their frustrations , " he says . He adds , however , that since the complaints are generally anonymous , it can be difficult to follow up on them . "  Ultimately they are tools and what happens afterwards in changing the physical world is what counts at the end of the day , " he says . "  So , they are critical but in of themselves they 're not sufficient , they need concrete follow-up afterwards . " Back in Kenya , Ragui is optimistic that the use of technology can help things change . "  Kenyans are tired , " he says . "  We need a new generation of Kenyans who are actually positive , hard-working , people who do n't want to get a short-term gain , people who are actually thinking the only way to make a difference in our country is for people to say no to corruption . "	African activists are increasingly turning to technology to fight endemic corruption Websites allow victims of graft to share their bribe stories online and track incidents of corruption They contain detailed information about the amount of money paid and the location of the bribe
Russia warned Tuesday that any use of force in Ukraine 's eastern region could lead to civil war , as Kiev seeks to regain control after pro-Moscow uprisings in three cities . Pro-Russian protesters seized government buildings in the cities of Donetsk , Luhansk and Kharkiv on Sunday . Declaring a "  people 's republic , " protesters inside Donetsk 's regional government building called Monday for a May 11 deadline to vote to secede from Ukraine . There were conflicting reports late Tuesday over whether demonstrators who seized control of a Security Service of Ukraine building in Luhansk took hostages . An anti-terrorism unit outside the building claimed the pro-Russian demonstrators were holding hostages , Victoria Syumar , a security service spokeswoman , and Yarema Duh , spokesman for the National Security and Defense Council , told CNN . Fifty-one people were released from the building early Wednesday morning , the security service said in a statement . But pro-Russian demonstrators holed up in the building denied they have taken anyone hostage , according to Reuters reports . The security service also accused the demonstrators of placing explosive throughout the building , a claim the protesters denied , Reuters reported . Russia 's Foreign Ministry said reports that the protesters are facing a crackdown by Ukrainian authorities are of particular concern . "  We are calling for the immediate cessation of any military preparations , which could lead to civil war , " it said in a statement on its website . The ministry alleged that what it called "  American experts from the private military organization Greystone , " disguised as soldiers , as well as militants from the Ukrainian far-right group Right Sector , had joined Ukrainian forces preparing for the crackdown in the country 's east . Secretary of State John Kerry said Tuesday that Russian forces and special agents have been behind what he called the "  chaos " in eastern Ukraine in the past 24 hours . Kerry described the developments as "  more than deeply disturbing " and said they amounted to what could be a "  contrived pretext for military intervention just as we saw in Crimea . " He followed up by warning of increased sanctions targeting Russia 's banking , energy , mining and arms sectors if the Russians "  cross over " into eastern Ukraine . Current sanctions target individuals over the Crimean annexation . Kerry will meet Monday with his Russian , Ukrainian and European Union counterparts to discuss efforts to de-escalate the crisis , according to a statement released by the spokesperson for EU Foreign Minister Catherine Ashton . Ashton "  calls against any further destabilization of Ukraine , whether from the inside or the outside , " the statement said . Building cleared Late Monday , special forces cleared armed protesters from the security service headquarters in Donetsk , acting President Oleksandr Turchynov 's office announced . But Ukrainian interim Deputy Prime Minister Vitaly Yarema was quoted by Russian state-run news agency ITAR-Tass as saying Tuesday that authorities are not going to storm the city 's regional administration building . Yarema said the decision was made after talks with representatives of the protesters in the building . Donetsk protesters dig in at government building According to the deputy head of the National Security and Defense Council , Victoria Syumar , negotiations are under way between the protesters and police , coordinated by influential oligarch Rinat Ahmetov . Donetsk is the hometown of ousted Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych , whose pro-Russian government was toppled in a popular revolt in February . At a news conference in Kiev , interim presidential chief of staff Serhiy Pashinksiy said he had "  convincing evidence " suggesting the protests were being financed by Yanukovych and his supporters . In remarks posted by Russia 's Interfax news agency and confirmed by his press secretary , Pashinksiy said authorities had frozen "  dozens of bank accounts and seized colossal resources . All of these massive rallies are financed . " This could not immediately be independently verified . ` Anti-terrorist operation ' Police detained about 70 people in Kharkiv in an "  anti-terrorist " operation that cleared the building in Kharkiv , an Interior Ministry spokeswoman said . Special forces police from outside of the city carried out the operation , in which all those arrested were armed with knives or batons , spokeswoman Natalia Stativko said . Those arrested have been taken to police detention centers in the cities of Poltava and Zaporijya and face charges relating to separatism , violence and taking part in mass protests , she said . Earlier , in a Facebook message , Interior Minister Arsen Avakov said the city center had been closed to the public and urged people to remain calm . No guns were fired , he said . Turchynov blamed "  separatist groups coordinated by Russian special services " for the revolts , which he said echoed events leading to the Russian annexation of Crimea three weeks ago . "  Enemies of Ukraine are trying to play out the Crimean scenario , but we will not let this happen , " he said in a televised message . British Foreign Secretary William Hague said the protests bore "  all the hallmarks of a Russian strategy to destabilize Ukraine " and warned of "  grave economic and political consequences . " Meanwhile , the U.S. Navy warship USS Donald Cook is scheduled to enter the Black Sea no later than Thursday as part of the latest U.S. military effort to demonstrate support for Eastern European allies concerned about Russia 's troop buildup , two U.S. military officials said . The ship will conduct exercises and port visits while in the Black Sea , said the officials , who spoke on condition of anonymity because a formal announcement has not been made . The move comes ahead of an April 15 meeting among top NATO political representatives , who will discuss and potentially approve NATO recommendations for additional military measures , including shortening the response time of NATO forces in a crisis . Other options include more military exercises with member nations , including the United States , and potentially providing military advisers to Ukraine . Ukraine to Russia : I 'm not your child Separatism outlawed Turchynov reiterated Tuesday he would treat Russian separatists who have seized buildings in the east of the country as "  terrorists " who will be prosecuted with the full force of the law . His remarks to parliament came ahead of a vote in which it approved legislation outlawing groups and individuals who call for separatism . Of the 450 members of the Ukrainian parliament , 230 voted in favor of the bill . All members of the Communist Party abstained from voting . Before the vote , a fight broke out in parliament when Petr Simonenko , the leader of the Communist Party , began to say lawmakers should listen to the demands of eastern Ukraine . He defended demonstrators who have seized local government buildings , saying they are not doing anything different from what the current interim government has done . He also accused "  nationalists " of starting the crisis in eastern Ukraine . Simonenko was prevented from speaking further by a member of the far-right Svoboda party , and peace was restored in the parliament . Russia urges talks Russia , which has tens of thousands of troops near the Ukrainian border , said Monday that it was "  watching closely " what was unfolding and told Ukraine to stop blaming it for Ukrainian problems . President Vladimir Putin 's government pushed Ukraine to set up a federal system in which regions with ethnic Russian majorities would have more autonomy , and its Foreign Ministry urged Ukraine to enter into talks over the issue . "  Ukrainian people want to get a clear answer from Kiev to all their questions . It 's time to listen to these legal claims , " a Foreign Ministry statement read . The Ukrainian government was acting "  irresponsibly , " it said . At a news conference Tuesday , Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said Moscow has proposed involving Ukrainian presidential candidates in Russian , U.S. and EU talks on Ukraine . He insisted that representatives of southeast Ukraine take part , too , according to the Interfax news agency . He said Russia was ready for the talks , which may take place in 10 days . Moscow dispatched thousands of troops to Crimea in support of a pro-Russian movement that seized power in the semi-autonomous region shortly after Yanukovych fled to Russia . The Black Sea peninsula was then subsumed into Russia after a referendum denounced as illegal by Kiev and the West . Russia has called Yanukovych 's removal a coup and says the interim government in Kiev is illegitimate . It has said it does n't intend to invade eastern Ukraine but reserves the right to protect ethnic Russians there . Ukraine says it retakes building seized by protesters Is Russia done after Crimea ? FIRST ON CNN : Ukraine warns Russia in phone call : Do n't invade Editors ' Note : This article has been edited to remove plagiarized content after CNN discovered multiple instances of plagiarism by Marie-Louise Gumuchian , a former CNN news editor .	Ukrainian , Russian , US and EU ministers will meet next week Ukraine 's Security Service claims hostages have been released U.S. Navy warship heads to Black Sea in support of Eastern European allies Russia 's Foreign Ministry says any use of force in eastern Ukraine "  could lead to civil war "
CNN  -- Gun control supporting candidates facing tight races for governor in Connecticut and Maryland are the beneficiaries of a last-minute ad buy from former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg . Bloomberg 's group , Independence USA PAC , is supporting pro-gun control candidates like Democratic Gov. Dan Malloy in Connecticut and Democratic Lieutenant Governor Anthony Brown in Maryland , both of whom are locked in tight races to lead their states . Gun control is a "  simmering issue " in these states , said Bloomberg spokesman Stu Loeser . Historically , the PAC has donated to both Democrats and Republicans supporting "  common sense " gun control in an attempt to stave off the gun lobby and tie pro-gun candidates to the National Rifle Association . In Connecticut , the group hopes that support for gun control will emerge as a salient theme for voters in the wake of the state 's Sandy Hook massacre in December 2012 , where 20 young children and 6 adults were shot and killed at an elementary school . The newest ads there target Malloy 's opponent , Republican challenger Tom Foley . "  The NRA praises Tom Foley , calling him pro-gun , " a voice in a new Connecticut ad says . "  No wonder . The NRA opposes comprehensive background checks . And Foley promised he 'd sign a bill to weaken them , undermining our gun safety laws . " The Foley campaign did not immediately return CNN 's request to respond to Bloomberg 's efforts . This is the second ad buy in Connecticut in the past week : Television watchers also might have noticed another gun control ad which launched Friday from the group . Loeser said these ad buys represent an attempt to make sure gun control stays on the agenda in these states . "  The public safety bills that were passed in the wake of the Sandy Hook massacre -- which have overwhelming support -- are an issue for discussion , " Loeser said . "  One of the things that Independence USA is able to do is help highlight issues particularly in expensive media markets like New York City that might otherwise get swept under the rug . " The group has plans to spend $ 1.7 million in the state in its support for Malloy , who signed a gun control law in 2013 which expanded background checks and banned sales of some weapons like the AR-15 semiautomatic rifle , which was used in the Sandy Hook massacre . Foley took a stand against Malloy 's measures in an August gubernatorial debate , calling his moves "  grandstanding " and "  overreaching . " He has also said he would repeal Malloy 's gun control legislation . Four years ago , Malloy narrowly fended off Foley by less than one percentage point in their 2010 battle for the governor 's office . The candidates are tied in the most recent poll from CBS/New York Times/YouGov . In Maryland , Brown holds a substantial lead over his opponent , Republican Larry Hogan . But the race has drawn the attention of national headliners : Republican New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie has stumped in the state for Hogan , while top Democrats like President Obama and the Clintons have appeared for Brown . Bloomberg -- a noted philanthropist and media magnate boasting a net worth of $ 34 billion -- has pledged to spend $ 25 million through his political action committee to raise awareness on gun control across the country . Shortly after the Newtown shootings , he made a sizable donation to Americans for Responsible Solutions , a fundraising group run by former Rep. Gabrielle Giffords . The former congresswoman survived gun wounds to her head after an attempted assassination attempt in January 2011 . With polling places officially open in Connecticut and Maryland in just a week , Bloomberg 's group is focused on Election Day . "  We take these elections one at a time , " Loeser said .	Former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg is making ad buys . His group , Independence USA PAC promotes pro-gun control candidates Democratic Connecticut Gov. Dan Malloy has supported expanding background checks His opponent , Republican Tom Foley , has called his gun control moves "  grandstanding "
Sandy is winding down , having spent much of its fury in the past two days crashing into homes and trees , cutting power and wrecking coastal cities . It has claimed at least 40 lives in the United States . The system still reaches from the Appalachians to the Great Lakes and beyond to Canada , and it is triggering winter storm warnings from the mountains of Pennsylvania to those of Eastern Tennessee and North Carolina . A running CNN tally reflects a steady restoration of power to affected areas , but early Wednesday , nearly 6.2 million customers were still without power in 15 states and Washington . Here 's a look at how Sandy has affected the United States and Canada . Sandy changes lives forever -- here are three of their stories CONNECTICUT -- The death toll stands at two , according to Lt. J. Paul Vance , a state police spokesman . The victims -- one of them a firefighter in Easton -- were killed by falling trees . -- About 477,000 customers were without power , according to utilities . DELAWARE -- Power is out for 7,853 customers , authorities said . Delmarva Power said it plans to have power restored by 6 p.m. Friday . -- Gov. Jack Markell removed driving restrictions Tuesday evening . DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA -- Power has nearly been completely restored -- 1,461 customers were without it , according to CNN 's latest tally . -- Metro transportation bus and rail service were expected to be back to normal for Wednesday morning 's commute . Will you be able to vote on Election Day ? MAINE -- The National Weather Service issued a flood watch for much of the state Wednesday morning as heavy rainfall is expected to move through as Sandy heads toward Canada . -- More than 80 % of power outages have been remedied , according to Central Power Maine . About 16,000 customers were without electricity , according to a CNN tally . MARYLAND -- The death toll is at two . -- After a raw sewage leak Tuesday , power has been restored to a processing plant . Howard County said that drinking water was not affected . -- Utilities said 122,000 customers were without power . Transit systems struggling to restart MASSACHUSETTS -- "  Wave goodbye to Sandy ! " the National Weather Service office in Boston posted to Twitter early Wednesday . "  The effects from this storm gradually come to an end today . " -- Utilities said 108,000 customers were without power . -- Utilities paired tree removal and power restoration crews , rather than having them work separately , so that work can be done more efficiently . NEW HAMPSHIRE -- A flood warning is in effect for the Saco River until Wednesday afternoon . -- New Hampshire 's power suppliers reported 81,000 customers without electricity . NEW JERSEY -- Motorists lined up in front of service stations for blocks to purchase gas in the town of Hazlet . Others , on foot , stood in long lines , holding red canisters , waiting their turns to fill them up . -- A fire broke out Wednesday morning in Mantoloking , according to police . -- President Barack Obama is set to travel Wednesday to New Jersey to join Gov. Chris Christie in viewing widespread damage , the White House said . New Jersey coastal town turned to "  devastation " -- Sandy has killed at least six people in the Garden State , according to Christie . -- It will take weeks for rail service to resume on the coastline , according to New Jersey Transit Rail . Downed trees covered the tracks in many areas , ripping down power lines with them , while other sections of track are washed out . Service on the Northeast Corridor Line also remains suspended . -- Amtrak service is to resume Wednesday between Newark and points south ; between Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , and Philadelphia ; and between Boston and Portland , Maine . PATH train service -- which typically ferries 245,000 people under the Hudson River to New York City each weekday -- will take six to nine days to restore , Christie said . New Jersey Transit train , bus and light rail service remain suspended , he said . Newark Liberty International Airport will open Wednesday , but Teterboro Airport remains closed . -- The state was hit the hardest by power outages , and more than 2 million customers remain without electricity , according to CNN 's tally . New Jersey floods leave rail cars floating , homes in road NEW YORK -- Police on Wednesday reported a higher number of fatalities for New York City , placing the toll at 22 . -- The police department released videos Wednesday to YouTube of helicopter rescues on Staten Island . Rescuers brought six people to safety Tuesday after floodwater trapped them in their homes . -- Mayor Michael Bloomberg posted to Twitter on Tuesday that financial markets will resume Wednesday . -- Amtrak said flooding in its tunnels under the Hudson and East rivers made it impossible to predict when service would be restored to Penn Station . -- A CNN crew at the Breezy Point section of Queens reported smelling gas and seeing an electric line mast catch fire Wednesday . More than 80 houses were lost in a large blaze there after Sandy pushed a storm surge ashore . 80 homes destroyed by New York fire amid superstorm -- John F. Kennedy International Airport was to reopen at 7 a.m. Wednesday with limited service , the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey said . LaGuardia remained closed . -- About 1.9 million are still without power , suppliers said . -- New York City 's Office of Emergency Management on Twitter called on residents to report imposters posing as power company employees , reminding them to look for identification cards . -- Bus service will run on regular routes Wednesday , the Metropolitan Transit Authority announced , though there may be detours and "  substantial waits . " But subway tunnels remain flooded with no estimated time for repair . -- A crane atop a luxury Manhattan skyscraper under construction is dangling over West 57th Street . NORTH CAROLINA -- The death toll stands at two , including a crew member of the HMS Bounty that went down over open sea . -- The captain of the Bounty remains missing . -- Power has been restored to the vast majority of customers . -- The state of emergency for 24 counties in the western part of the state remains in effect because of snow . OHIO -- The state has dispatched nearly 400 crews to clear storm debris . -- Suppliers said 151,000 homes and businesses were without power . Superstorm Sandy : By the numbers PENNSYLVANIA -- The death toll in the state remains at three , including an 8-year-old boy who was struck by a tree limb . -- Utilities said 896,000 homes and businesses were without power . RHODE ISLAND -- The union 's smallest state , with slightly more than 1 million residents , reported 64,000 customers without electricity . -- The state has closed most of its emergency shelters . Superstorm Sandy breaks records VIRGINIA -- Virginia 's death toll remains at two , both traffic fatalities . -- The number of customers without power stood at 55,000 . -- The state has seen heavy snowfall . WEST VIRGINIA -- Parts of West Virginia have seen at least 2 feet of snowfall from Sandy , and a winter storm warning is in effect there , with more snow expected in the Appalachians . -- One fatality has been attributed to the storm . -- Utilities said 239,000 customers had lost power . CANADA -- Superstorm Sandy is drifting to the north toward Canada , sending gale-force gusts across the Great Lakes . -- Power has been restored to 113,000 customers in Ontario , with 37,000 still without electricity , the provincial energy minister said . -- Sandy 's effects will be felt for a few days in Ontario , according to its government website . Rains have caused flooding and road closures . -- Authorities blamed flying debris for the death of a Toronto woman . How to help	Sandy has killed at least 40 people in the United States Motorists line up at service stations for blocks in New Jersey town President Obama to tour damage in New Jersey
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- One of Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 's sons -- Saif al-Arab Gadhafi -- was killed after a NATO airstrike , a spokesman for Libya 's government said Sunday at a press conference . Moammar Gadhafi and his wife were in their son 's house when it was targeted , spokesman Musa Ibrahim said . Both of them are in good health , according to the spokesman . The victim is one of two Gadhafi sons whose names begin with Saif . The other is Saif al-Islam Gadhafi , who had previously touted reform but has emerged as one of his father 's most visible defenders in recent months . Ibrahim said several of Moammar Gadhafi 's grandchildren also died in the attack . The house in Tripoli was destroyed by the strike , with a massive crater where the house used to be . At least one unexploded bomb could be seen . The building was in a residential area of Tripoli , according to Ibrahim , who insisted that Saif al-Arab Gadhafi was a student in Germany who was not deeply involved in Libya 's military and government . The 29-year-old was the sixth of Gadhafi 's eight biological children . Ibrahim railed against NATO after the fatal strike , calling it an illegal act and a "  war crime . " He vowed revenge . Speaking at a rally , Ibrahim told fellow Libyans , "  Every one of you are Saif al-Arab . " Lt. Gen. Charles Bouchard , commander of NATO 's military operations , said in a statement he was "  aware of unconfirmed media reports that some of Gadhafi 's family members may have been killed . "  We regret all loss of life , especially the innocent civilians being harmed as a result of this ongoing conflict , " Bouchard said . "  NATO is fulfilling its U.N. mandate to stop and prevent attacks against civilians with precision and care -- unlike Gadhafi 's forces , which are causing so much suffering . " The NATO commander stated that all targets "  are military in nature and have been clearly linked to the Gadhafi regime 's systemic attacks on the Libyan population ... We do not target individuals . " A senior official in President Barack Obama 's administration said the U.S. government is "  very aware " of the reports , but can not confirm who , if anyone , died in a strike until they see the evidence . Gunfire broke out around Tripoli after the news came out , while a large crowd of demonstrators gathered around Moammar Gadhafi 's compound . Images on Libyan state TV showed what appeared to be dozens of people chanting and waving flags . Protesters could be heard yelling , "  We want to redeem the martyr , " as well as , "  Oh youth , this is time for jihad . " Members of Gadhafi 's inner circle have been calling members of Obama 's administration , saying "  someone important " in the regime had been killed , a senior U.S. administration official told CNN . But they did not specify who had died , only to stress that it was n't Moammar Gadhafi himself . A spokesman for the Libyan opposition doubted the veracity of the report of the son 's death , saying , "  In all honesty , we never heard of Saif al-Arab until the start of the uprising . " "  We do n't believe this is true , " said Abdul Hafiz Ghoga , deputy chairman of the Transitional National Council in Benghazi . "  It is all fabrications by the regime in a desparate attempt to get sympathy ... This regime constantly lies and keeps lying . " Ibrahim , the spokesman for Gadhafi 's government , accused NATO of launching the strike specifically in order to kill the Libyan leader . Earlier this week , U.S. Ambassador to Libya Gene Cretz acknowledged that "  our own laws " would affect any decision to try to assassinate Moammar Gadhafi directly . "  I do n't believe that any credible group or individual sees the solution to the Libyan problem without the removal of Moammar Gadhafi , one way or the other , " he said . "  But our job and our goal is to get a political solution , but through the means that we are allowed to by our own laws . " This is not the first time that Moammar Gadhafi reportedly has been at the site of an airstrike that killed one of his children . In April 1986 , U.S. forces launched an airstrike that targeted Moammar Gadhafi 's residential compound . As a result , the Libyan leader 's adopted daughter , Hanna Gadhafi , was killed . Saif al-Arab Gadhafi , then just 3 years old , was hospitalized after suffering injuries in that strike , Libyan officials then said . Video shows what Libyan officials claimed were him and his brother Khamis , though both boys were heavily bandaged and their faces were not clearly visible . At the time , President Ronald Reagan told the American people the bombings were an act of self-defense following the bombing of a West Berlin club that killed two American servicemen and injured several others . And on Monday , Ibrahim issued a defiant statement saying Moammar Gadhafi was alive despite what the Libyan government called a NATO attempt to kill him by bombing his compound . "  The message that was sent by NATO in the early hours of this morning was sent to the wrong address , " Ibrahim said . Bruce Riedel , a former adviser to three U.S. presidents and now a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution think tank , said the reported killing could complicate any chances that Moammar Gadhafi might leave Libya peaceably after a negotiated solution . "  A political solution was always a long shot , " Riedel told CNN by e-mail . "  But in Libya 's very tribal politics , the death of a son makes any political settlement all that much harder . " CNN 's Phil Gast and Kareem Khadder contributed to this report .	A NATO commander says that "  we do not target individuals " A rebel spokesman doubts the claim of the death of the son A Libyan spokesman calls the strike , which also killed several children , a "  war crime " Moammar Gadhafi and his wife were in the house at the time but are in good health
CNN  -- World No. 1 Tiger Woods will take to the tee at the inaugural European Tour event in Turkey , a tournament with a bumper prize fund of $ 7 million . The Turkish Airlines Open will be played between November 7-10 and will form part of the new Final Series , the climax European Tour 's big-money Race to Dubai . Fourteen-time major winner Woods first played in Turkey last year at the eight-man World Golf Finals , a precursor to this year 's event being held at the Montgomerie Maxx Royal in Antalya . "  I had a great time during my first visit to Turkey , " Woods , who has already won four times on the PGA Tour in 2013 , told the European Tour 's official website . "  Turkish Airlines , the Turkish Golf Federation and the fans who came to watch made it a really special event and I 'm looking forward to playing there once again . " Last year 's unsanctioned event at the Antalya Golf Club was won by world No. 4 Justin Rose . "  It is an honor to welcome back the world 's No. 1 golfer to what is , in our opinion , the best golfing destination in Europe , " added Turkish Golf Federation president Ahmet Ali Agaoglu . "  We are thrilled to have the support of Turkish Airlines and are looking forward to once again proving that Turkey is more than capable of hosting world-class sporting occasions . " The new event is one of four which boast a combined prize fund of $ 30.5 m and serve as the finale to the European Tour season . The $ 7 million BMW Masters , the US$ 8.5 million WGC -- HSBC Champions tournament -- and the $ 8 million DP World Tour Championship in Dubai are the other three events in the Final Series . "  We are proud to support a top-class European Tour event and delighted to see Tiger competing in Turkey for the second year , " said Turkish Airlines ' chief marketing officer Faruk Cizmecioglu .	Tiger Woods to play in Turkey 's first European Tour event The Turkish Airlines Open will be staged between November 7-10 The world No. 1 played in the unsanctioned World Golf Finals last year The new tournament will form part of the European Tour 's Final Series
CNN  For Ashley Bridges , life was good . She and her boyfriend , Jonathan Caughey , were in love and along with her young son Braiden , they were excited to become a family . The only distraction was her aching knee , which began bothering her in spring 2012 . Bridges described the "  multiple trips " to the doctor 's office . "  The first appointment was like , ' I think there 's something wrong with my knee . It 's achy sometimes but then it goes away . ' " The doctor told her it was probably just arthritis or bursitis . Then she went back a couple of months later and was told it 's "  something you 're going to have to live with . " This went on for over a year until finally Bridges , who lives in Menifee , California , could not walk anymore and was referred to a specialist in October 2013 . But before she made it to the specialist , the pain became so intense she had to go to the hospital . "  I had excruciating pain in my knee and my toes went numb . So I went to the hospital and they did an X-ray , " she said . They had just wheeled Bridges back to the waiting room to wait for the results when they rushed her back into a room and said the doctor needed to speak with her . The doctor came in and said , "  You have bone cancer . " A cancer known as osteosarcoma . She was just 24 years old and in shock from the news . Bridges could n't believe what she was hearing , "  I was like , no . 'Cause who thinks of when their knee hurts that they have bone cancer ? " Bridges still gets emotional when she talks about how long it took to get her eventual diagnosis . "  I 'm angry , " Bridges said , tears welling in her eyes , "  but there 's really nothing we can do about it now . The doctor that I went to repeatedly and repeatedly telling him something was n't right probably cost me my life . This is a very aggressive cancer . I could have had more time . " Bridges underwent surgery to replace her knee and remove the majority of her femur . The doctors also said she should start chemotherapy immediately , but there was a very big risk . Bridges was already 10 weeks pregnant with a baby girl . "  They told me what would likely happen to Paisley , that you know , she most likely would n't make it and I just knew . It was n't a choice to me . It was like this is what needs to be done . She 's first . I 'm not going to kill a healthy baby because I 'm sick . There 's nothing wrong with her . Her life is just as important as mine if not more important . I mean as a mother my job is to protect my kids . " Unwavering in her decision to delay treatment -- a choice that could ultimately cost her life -- she knew Caughey and her mother would support her no matter what . Bridges ' mother , Renee Thomas , said her daughter has always been strong-willed and this decision did n't surprise her . "  I always tell her it 's not over 'til it 's over , " she said . "  You never know . We might get that miracle " But after giving birth to Paisley in July , a full body scan revealed the cancer had spread throughout Bridges ' body , even into her brain . "  When they told me that , I think oh my gosh , I am really dying . I 'm not going to beat this . And then I am sad for about a week and then I get back to OK , well it 's not over yet . And then I 'll be good and then I 'll get some more bad news that it spread through my whole entire body . And then that will knock me down for about a week and then I 'll bounce back . " But Bridges admits it 's hard to be in pain all the time . Bridges ' doctors say she has months to live , but she still has goals . "  I am really pushing for Paisley 's first birthday . This is what I do . I do October , OK , I just got to make it to Thanksgiving . Thanksgiving comes around -- OK , let 's just go to Christmas . Then Christmas comes and Braiden 's birthday is in March , so I 'm going to make it to Braiden 's birthday . I 'm just going to keep setting little goals for myself and we 'll see . " 24-year-old cancer victim inspires after death After the terminal diagnosis , Bridges and Caughey moved their wedding date up a couple of months to this past November . Bridges brightens when she talks about her wedding day . Braiden , 6 , got to walk her down the aisle . "  It just went by so fast . If I could sum that day up it would just be magical . Magical . Loved it . Loved seeing all my friends , my family all together . " Lindsey Natzic-Villatoro , owner of Love Song Events and Photography , planned the wedding in just a few weeks and has become a source of support for Bridges and her family . She also has photographed Bridges ' recent milestones -- from her pregnancy and the newborn to her engagement and holiday pictures -- documenting many of life 's firsts . Natzic-Villatoro , a mother of three , sees Bridges as the perfect example of what motherhood is all about . "  I think that this has helped express to others who have never had children the depth of actually a mom 's love -- the selflessness . It 's just like the best example that she has shown the entire world . So for that , she is definitely one of the most bravest people that I 've ever met . " For Bridges , the memories and photographs are invaluable . "  It means everything . My kids are going to have these memories . My husband 's going to have these . And my kids are going to be able to look at these forever . " When asked about what her legacy might be , Bridges softly breaks down and says , "  I want my kids to know how much I love them and how much I fought for them . " When the cancer you beat comes back CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	Ashley Bridges delays chemotherapy because she was pregnant with a daughter After the birth , doctors discover cancer has spread from her knee to her brain
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce is readying an advertising blitz in the New Hampshire Senate race with a new television spot starring Mitt Romney , sources familiar with the ad buy told CNN . The chamber is launching the ad Friday on behalf of Republican Senate nominee Scott Brown , who trails Democratic Sen. Jeanne Shaheen by anywhere from 2 to 10 points , according to recent polls . New Hampshire is familiar turf for Romney , who convincingly won the state 's first-in-the-nation presidential primary in 2012 and campaigned with Brown in Stratham earlier this summer . The former GOP presidential nominee -- who has starred in a series of chamber-produced ads this cycle in support of business-backed Republican candidates -- is seen in the commercial seated on a sofa , tieless , talking straight to camera . "  There 's one candidate who wo n't take orders from the White House and will buck his own party to do what 's right for New Hampshire , " Romney says . "  That 's my friend , Scott Brown . " In addition to the Romney spot , the Chamber of Commerce is set to unleash more New Hampshire ad spending in coming weeks , the sources said . The business lobby , which is currently running the most aggressive political program in its 102-year history , is wrapping up its largest advertising buy of the election cycle this week . Company men : The U.S. Chamber of Commerce flexes new political muscle On top of the New Hampshire ad spree , the Chamber of Commerce is set to air ads Friday in Arizona 's 2nd Congressional District and Colorado 's 6th District , two of the country 's most competitive House races . Earlier in the week , the Chamber of Commerce went live with its second TV ads in the North Carolina and Colorado Senate campaigns , also on behalf of GOP candidates .	Chamber to blitz New Hampshire with new Scott Brown ad starring Mitt Romney Romney won convincingly in 2012 Republican presidential primary Polls show Brown behind incumbent Jeanne Shaheen from 2 to 10 points
CNN  -- A former foreign minister claimed to be in control of an interim government in Kyrgyzstan early Thursday after a wave of protests that left at least 40 dead and appeared to have driven President Kurmanbek Bakiev from office . "  We must restore a lot of things that have been wrongly ruled , " said Roza Otunbayeva , who called herself the country 's interim leader . No independent confirmation of the claim was immediately available . The U.S. State Department said earlier that it believed Bakiev remained in power , but Otunbayeva said he had fled Bishkek , the capital , and his government had resigned after a day of clashes between anti-government protesters and police . Are you there ? Share your story , photos and video A senior State Department official told CNN late Wednesday that the situation in Kyrgyzstan remains "  very fluid and fast moving , " and declined to comment on reports that the government had collapsed or that the president had left the country . The official , who insisted on anonymity because of the quickly changing situation , said the United States had been in contact with both members of the government and the opposition . The United States is encouraging all sides to work toward resolution according to the rule of law , the official said . Otunbayeva 's announcement came after hours of clashes between anti-government demonstrators and police , who responded with water cannon , tear gas and eventually with live ammunition . Kyrgyzstan 's Health Ministry told CNN that 40 people had been killed and 400 wounded in the clashes , and that the toll was expected to rise . The former Soviet republic is home to an air base that forms an important link in the supply line for U.S. and NATO forces in nearby Afghanistan . In Washington , a senior Pentagon official said that the turmoil has interrupted flights into and out of that facility , and it was unclear when those flights would resume . But the U.S. military has contingency plans to deal with the situation , the official said . Otunbayeva is the head of Kyrgyzstan 's Social Democratic Party and a member of its parliament . She was a leader of the protests that brought Bakiev to power in 2005 , and she served as his foreign minister for about two years before quitting to protest his appointment of one of the president 's brothers to an ambassadorship , said Mirsulzhan Namazaliev , executive director of the Central Asian Free Market Institute in Bishkek . Opposition leaders have accused Bakiev of consolidating power by keeping key economic and security posts in the hands of relatives or close associates . Protests began Tuesday in the northern city of Talas , Kyrgyzstan , over increases in electric and fuel rates , which had been jacked up at the first of the year as Bakiev 's government sold the country 's public utilities to companies controlled by his friends , Namazaliev said . The demonstrations spread to the capital on Wednesday after the government responded by arresting opposition leaders in Talas . Namazaliev said that demonstrators were already gathered outside Bishkek 's main square when he was headed to his office Wednesday morning , and the crowd had grown to about 5,000 people by noon  2 a.m. ET  . About that time , police began to open fire on them , he said . "  I was running together with them while the police was shooting , " Namazaliev said . Other protesters remained and battled with police , and some took weapons from officers they overpowered , he said . Machine-gun fire could be heard in the streets into the evening . Opposition leaders took control of the state television network Wednesday evening , airing images of riot police turning water cannons on demonstrators and asking people to donate blood . Though the opposition called for calm , clashes with police continued into Wednesday night , Bishkek resident Munarbek Kuldanbaev said . And Namazaliev said some protesters turned to looting after the proclamation of a new government , and police began trying to crack down on the looting only after negotiations with the interim government . iReporter describes protests , discusses grievances Bakiev came to power in 2005 after a similar upheaval led to the ouster of then-President Askar Akayev . He won a new term in July 2009 in a vote the United States said "  was marred by significant obstacles for opposition parties , intimidation , voting irregularities , and the use of government resources to benefit specific political interests . " There have been reports of restrictions on the freedom of expression and the media in the country , including the recent closure of an opposition newspaper and other media outlets , the United Nations said . Outside Bishkek , opposition leaders had taken control of Talas and several other towns before claiming power in the capital , the Russian independent news agency Interfax reported . Russia called on Kyrgyz authorities and the opposition to settle all disputes without force and with a democratic process . It also stepped up security at its air base in Kant , Kyrgyzstan . "  On the assumption of our interests to secure political stability in a country that is friendly to ours , we believe it is important that all issues in the given situation be resolved within the legal framework . At the same time , we would like to strongly appeal to the opposing forces to refrain from the use of force to avoid bloodshed in any case , " the Russian Foreign Ministry said . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , who had visited Kyrgyzstan on Saturday , said Wednesday that he was "  shocked " by the reports of violence and urged all sides to show restraint , engage in dialogue and promote calm . "  While freedom of assembly is an essential element of any democratic society , the rule of law must be respected , " he said . CNN 's Ben Brumfield , Matthew Chance , Talia Kayali and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : Former foreign minister says she is in charge of interim government NEW : Roza Otunbayeva says President Kurmanbek Bakiev has been driven from office NEW : No independent confirmation of the claim was immediately available . At least 40 dead , 400 wounded in fighting in capital city , health agency says
CNN  The world 's seventh-largest economy is heading toward collapse . An economic powerhouse conservatively valued at $ 24 trillion , one that annually churns out the equivalent of $ 2.5 trillion , is under assault . However , I am not referring to one of the G8 economies , but to the "  super economy " of the ocean . It 's one that for far too long has been ignored and taken for granted -- and it is going downhill fast . The health and wealth of the ocean are assessed in a WWF report released Thursday , Reviving the Ocean Economy . The report is the result of a hard economic analysis performed by The Boston Consulting Group built on a foundation of the latest ocean science provided by the Global Change Institute of the University of Queensland . True , the enormity of the ocean can complicate any single appraisal . But it is still important to try to understand its value if global leaders are ever going to sustain it for future generations . The fact is that the ocean feeds us , employs us , offers protection and plays a direct role in the lives and livelihoods of people throughout the world . The ocean also provides intangible but essential services to humanity , such as climate regulation and oxygen production , that are difficult to put in monetary terms . And while we all may look at the ocean from different perspectives , no one can escape the fact that it is a shared resource that provides for each and every one of us . A figure that may get lost in the headlines generated by our report is perhaps most telling : Seventy percent of the ocean 's overall economic value relies on its continued health . Ocean assets like fisheries , coral reefs , mangroves and seagrasses that produce goods and services rivaling the world 's top 10 economies will lose their value if we continue to over-exploit and outright destroy them . That may seem like a far-off possibility to some , but it is a future foretold by the many details in this report . For example , 90 percent of the world 's fish stocks are either fully exploited or over-exploited . And that is not all . By 2050 -- only a few decades from now -- it is possible that the ocean could lose its coral reefs , which have already been halved in the last few decades . This is n't just a concern for dive enthusiasts , but to the hundreds of millions of people that rely on ocean resources for their daily meals and their weekly paychecks . The ocean is truly too big to fail . The loss of the ocean 's critical habitats and species would have a devastating ripple effect on global food security and economies that no government bailout could salvage . Fortunately , our report identifies actions that would revive the ocean economy , three of which are critical this year . First , the international community must rally around a set of sustainable development goals that clearly reflect the link between the environment -- including the ocean -- and human well-being . Also , negotiators meeting in Paris later this year must agree on an ambitious global climate deal that sets us on the path to avert the worst impacts of climate change . And finally , leaders must commit to conserving increasing amounts of coastal and marine areas over the course of the next 15 years . The economic case for why the ocean is so critical to livelihoods around the world is clear , and we will not be able to plead ignorance if we collectively preside over the collapse of the ocean economy . Reviving the Ocean Economy is dedicated to helping us avoid that outcome , but it will require political vision and courage among policymakers . All this said , and as terrifying as it is that the deterioration of the ocean 's health has been its fastest in millions of years , there is actually some  potential  good news : If we act swiftly and with determination , marine resources can recover -- and recover quickly . Many local examples -- from the Mediterranean to the Mozambique Channel , from the Fiji archipelago to the Arctic -- show us that conservation , restoration and sustainable-use approaches mean the ocean , and the people who depend on it , can both prosper . Ultimately , the ocean bridges continents , connects cultures and offers equal opportunity inspiration and we should therefore work together in support of this vital shared resource . But if we are to have any chance of avoiding the point of no return , we must find ways of reaching genuine global commitments on sustainable development and climate . After all , it 's far better to avoid an economic collapse than be forced to scramble to pick up the pieces .	Ocean economic powerhouse valued at $ 24 trillion : WWF report Marco Lambertini : Ocean plays direct role in livelihoods across globe
CNN  -- Finding out who talks to who and who can influence other people is an age-old marketing tool . Now , companies are finding a goldmine of valuable information by mapping networks of influence -- both inside and outside their organizations . Take Danish consulting company Innovisor -- they took advantage of their employees ' increased use of social media to land two major banks as clients . After locating all their employees ' LinkedIn connections to two companies they were targeting as clients , they divided the contacts into three groups : Information providers , Influencers and Decision Makers . Working their way up the chain from information providers , they then asked their employees to gather as much information as they could about their target companies . "  Everyone , from the cashier at the bank had valuable information to add , " says Jeppe Vilstrup Hansgaard , partner at Innovisor . "  By the time we approached the decision makers we understood the structure of the business and we brought a level of knowledge that created a far better dialogue than you would normally have , " he added . Freedom key to workplace of the future The process was inspired by Morten Hansen , professor at the University of Berkeley , and his book "  Collaboration : How Leaders Avoid the Traps , Create Unity , and Reap Big Results . " He calls the process "  Swarm the Target " -- in this case the target being the prospective clients and the swarm being information seekers coming from all directions . In its essence , it 's marketing . "  If you want to sell new sneakers you pinpoint the two or three most popular people to buy them , " says Hansen , and adds that when you map a corporation 's internal network , "  you pinpoint the most central people and contacts in a company . " When Innovisor is not putting their knowledge to creative use for their own benefit , this is exactly what they do . The company makes it their business to map the internal networks and relations of client companies -- helping them pinpoint who talks to who and who influences others . "  Relationships between people are invisible , " says Hansgaard . "  By making them visible you can make them controllable . You can illuminate gaps in collaboration , you can build them and you can strengthen them . " This kind of knowledge can prove crucial to a company 's efficiency , for example when implementing change . At Vestas , one of the world 's largest wind turbine manufacturers , Innovisor pointed to one person as having a major influence on 58 people . "  He is someone you really need to have on board when you want to change things , " says Hansgaard , and adds that one of the most amazing things is that a lot of companies are not aware who their "  influencers " are . With one client in the Middle East , Innovisor found three major influencers . "  Two of them , the company leadership had no idea even existed , " says Hansgaard . The mapping of a network can also highlight problems with collaboration , which according to Hansen can have a major impact on a company 's bottom line . Case in point is Apple . "  The iPod 2001 was a collaboration across units in Apple and with partners outside , " Hansen says . "  It was put together by already existing technology . In hindsight we know how important that was . The company that should have done it , Sony , was in a far better position to do it but they failed miserably to collaborate . " The bottom line is that businesses are people and relations matter . As networks grow broader , bigger and more global -- as they expand across distances , borders , cultures and functionalities -- so do their potentials and problems . Mapping networks , says Hansgaard , can provide a clearer picture for leaders to make decisions . "  It also provides a readiness to change by giving employees visible proof why it is necessary , " he says .	Businesses are mapping networks of influence in their organizations Spotting and utilizing influencers is a marketing tool , says Berkley professor Morten Hansen Danish company Innovisor used employees ' networks to land new clients
CNN  -- Egypt 's President Mohamed Morsi is looking at ways to return lawmakers to office after parliament was dissolved , his spokesman said Monday , putting the new leader on a likely collision course with the country 's powerful military only days after he was sworn in . Morsi took office on Saturday as Egypt 's first democratically elected president , taking the helm of a deeply divided nation that is economically strapped and lacks a working government . The Muslim Brotherhood-backed leader has ordered his office to look into legal options for bringing parliament back , his acting spokesman Yasser Ali said . He also ordered the creation of a committee to arrange for the release of political detainees who have no criminal convictions , the Brotherhood said on its website on Sunday . Restoring parliament would take power away from the country 's Supreme Council of the Armed Forces , which ran the county for more than 16 months until Morsi was sworn in , and currently claims legislative authority . The nation 's top court ruled in June that the laws governing parliamentary elections were invalid , and the following day , SCAF announced it was dissolving parliament . The legislature was dominated by Islamists , with Muslim Brotherhood-backed candidates having the single largest bloc of seats . Morsi 's historic swearing-in took place amid tight security before the Supreme Constitutional Court and was overseen by the military rulers who have been in control of the country since a popular revolution ousted President Hosni Mubarak last year . "  Today , the Egyptian people established a new life for complete freedom , for a true democracy , " Morsi said after taking the oath . Shortly after the swearing-in , Morsi went to Cairo University , where he gave his first speech as president . He praised the country 's military , but indicated that their control of Egypt 's legislative powers would return to civilian hands . "  The  Supreme Council of the Armed Forces  adhered to its pledge to not go beyond of the will of the people . And the elected institutions will come back to take their role , and the great Egyptian army will to go their job to protect the boundaries and security of the country , " he said , delineating the army 's role . SCAF has said it will retain lawmaking powers until a new parliament is sworn in near the end of the year . "  We have fulfilled our obligations and the pledge that we took before God and the people . We now have a president who was elected in free elections . Egypt is witnessing a new democratic process , " the head of the SCAF , Mohamed Hussein Tantawi , said at a military ceremony for Morsi Saturday . Egyptians , all Arabs , and the world were witnessing "  how authority is transferred from the armed forces to the will of the people to the elected civilian authority , " Morsi said . Morsi 's theme in his recent appearances has been one of respect for democracy and the people . "  Today we start a new chapter in the history of Egypt . We turn an old page of an ugly era , " he said . He added , " "  I will not betray my country . With the will of God I will fulfill your ambitions . " Morsi became president by defeating Ahmed Shafik , a former air force general who served as Mubarak 's last prime minister . Morsi was the candidate of the Muslim Brotherhood 's Freedom and Justice Party , but he resigned from the party shortly after he was elected president .	Mohamed Morsi is looking at ways to restore parliament , his spokesman says The move puts him on a collision course just days after he was sworn in A military council claimed lawmaking power after dissolving parliament Morsi , Egypt 's first democratically elected president , took office on Saturday
CNN  -- Spain has finally asked for a bank bailout from its eurozone peers , to weather the financial crisis that hampered its finances during recent months . Although Spain 's Prime Minister , Mariano Rajoy , has stressed that there are no austerity conditions attached to it , the statement from the Eurogroup made clear that supervision over the country 's budget will be strengthened . The budget deficit aims may mean the Spanish government will implement further structural reforms , such as a reducing the country 's unemployment benefits , or raising the retirement age . As a result , we may see public disaffection shifting from the streets to the political arena . Unlike other countries -- such as Greece , for example -- in Spain public disaffection with the economic crisis has not yet had a significant impact on the country 's traditional political forces . Instead , Spanish citizens have mainly channeled their anger and frustration over austerity measures through social mobilization , while the political landscape has remained virtually the same . Although there has been shift in power -- the Popular Party  PP  took over after general elections in November 2011 -- the political arena continues to be dominated by the two largest parties , PP and the Socialist Party , PSOE . The striking aspect of the emergence of the Spanish indignados movement was that it came about in a country which has , traditionally , had low levels of civic engagement and social participation . While the indignados have been discredited by the right-wing mass media as being a marginal force mainly followed by perroflautas  Spanish slang to describe wandering minstrels  , the movement -- which had its anniversary on May 15 -- has shown no signs of fading away . Indeed , a majority of Spanish citizens sympathize with its aims and support its goals . Recent studies show the indignados are not just a movement of the young and marginalized . Many participants are middle-aged , highly-educated and employed , and a majority of them consider their current financial situation relatively good . At the same time , many share a concern about their future financial situation . For a short period the indignados managed to get a reform of the electoral system , that would improve the chances of small parties to be represented in parliament , on the policy agenda . But they have not yet achieved any significant policy goal . Now , some proposals to improve democracy and control corruption have been pushed aside as focus turns instead to the deteriorating economic situation . The movement 's current demands focus on the unbalanced distribution of economic costs due to the austerity measures . This does not mean that the indignados have failed , as their most important success indicator is the activation of the protest "  muscle " in Spanish society , particularly among the network of social organizations at the local level . But if the bank rescue results in further reductions of social welfare funds , or if it is a prelude to the bailout of the state , the government risks unleashing social protest in a way existing social movements may not be able to channel . Public discontent may then shift from the streets to the political stage . This could ruin the leverage of the traditional political forces and , in turn , the capacity of the political system to manage the economic crisis . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sandra Len .	Sandra Len : Spain 's political landscape has been relatively calm despite the austerity measures But the Spanish indignados movement have gathered support in a country with low civic engagement Len says a majority of citizens sympathize with the aims of the indignados Public discontent may shift from the streets to the political stage should this bailout not be enough
WICHITA , Kansas  CNN  -- Kansas prosecutors have brought murder and assault charges against the man suspected of killing Wichita physician George Tiller , whose women 's clinic was a frequent target of protests against abortion . Scott Roeder , 51 , is being held on a first-degree murder charge and two counts of aggravated assault . Scott Roeder , 51 , is being held without bail on a first-degree murder charge and two counts of aggravated assault stemming from Tiller 's shooting death Sunday morning , Sedgwick County District Judge Ben Burgess said . Burgess set a preliminary hearing in the case for June 16 . Police have not disclosed a possible motive in Tiller 's killing , but associates said Roeder was a regular among the anti-abortion protesters who routinely gathered at his Wichita clinic , Women 's Health Care Services . Tiller , 67 , was one of the few U.S. doctors who performed late-term abortions , and he had survived one attempt on his life before being gunned down in his church Sunday morning . Prosecutors will not seek the death penalty "  under the facts and circumstances that are known at this time , " District Attorney Nola Foulston said . Watch the district attorney explain the charges " Kansas state law allows the death penalty only in certain circumstances , such as multiple killings , contract killings , the deaths of police officers or jailers , or a slaying that takes place during a sexual assault . Roeder was in the county jail during his brief initial court appearance and appeared in court via video . He requested a court-appointed lawyer during the hearing , during which he was dressed in maroon jail coveralls and appeared to fidget . Watch scenes from court Tuesday " Burgess ordered Roeder to have no contact with witnesses or Tiller 's family . Since Tiller 's death , supporters have left a few bouquets of flowers outside his clinic . The architecture of the low-slung , windowless concrete building -- which is fenced off , monitored by cameras and separated from buildings behind it by a moat-like ditch -- reflected the threats he faced for nearly two decades . In a statement issued Tuesday , Tiller 's family said they hope his "  valuable work " will go on , "  but there have been no final decisions made about the long-term plans for the medical practice . " "  There is currently no plan to immediately reopen the clinic and no patients are being scheduled at this time . The Tiller family 's focus , of course , is to determine what is in the best interests of the employees and the patients , " the statement read . Dr. Leroy Carhart , a Nebraska physician who also practices at Tiller 's clinic , said at his suburban Omaha office that he left a Monday meeting in Wichita with the belief that the practice would reopen "  in the very near future . " But he said , "  At the present time , there 's no known future . " Carhart was the plaintiff who challenged a federal ban on a type of late-term procedure that opponents labeled "  partial-birth " abortion . The Supreme Court upheld the ban in 2006 . Tiller practiced medicine for nearly 40 years . Most of his patients were grappling with pregnancies that were "  fatally or catastrophically complicated by medical problems , " Dr. Warren Hern , a Colorado physician and a friend , said on CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 . " "  The many women who come for late abortions , in fact , have desperate circumstances with a desired pregnancy , " he said . "  They want to have a baby , not an abortion . " But Tiller 's practice made Wichita a flashpoint in the controversy over abortion , which opponents routinely decry as the killing of unborn children . Most anti-abortion leaders quickly condemned Tiller 's killing and disavowed Roeder . The National Right to Life Committee , the largest anti-abortion organization in the United States , said it "  unequivocally condemns " violence . And Wichita-based Operation Rescue said Roeder never was "  a member , contributor , or volunteer . " "  Operation Rescue has diligently and successfully worked for years through peaceful , legal means , and through the proper channels to see to it that abortionists around the nation are brought to justice . Without due process , there can be no justice , " it said . But Hern called those disavowals "  hypocritical nonsense . " "  This is the result of 35 years of anti-abortion harassment and terrorism and hate speech and rhetoric and harsh names and exploitation of the abortion issue as a political issue to get power , " said Hern , who runs an abortion clinic in Boulder , outside Denver . "  And this is the inevitable result of this kind of hateful behavior by the anti-abortion movement . " Carhart blasted abortion opponents who resort to violence "  and those who support and incite these violent acts . " He declined to name names but urged the estimated 46 million women who have received abortions and their supporters to demand that government officials "  enforce the laws on the books that protect us from hate crimes . " "  And if these officials do n't openly respect your right to choose abortion , you have the power to vote them out of office , " he said . CNN 's Ed Lavandera , Gary Tuchman and Aaron Cooper contributed to this report .	NEW : Physician says future of slain doctor 's clinic is unknown Scott Roeder , 51 , charged with first-degree murder , aggravated assault He is accused of killing Wichita doctor George Tiller on Sunday Preliminary hearing is set for June 16
CNN  -- Renisha McBride 's toxicology report is out and now we know the 19-year-old had a blood-alcohol level that was more than twice the legal limit for driving . This would explain why , according to her family , she was involved in a single-car accident . However , it does not explain why Theodore Wafer shot her in the face . McBride 's family says she was seeking help after the crash and knocked on the door of Wafer 's house in Dearborn , Michigan , a suburb of Detroit . The 54-year-old Wafer , who is white , told investigators he feared McBride , who is black , was trying to break in . There are too many unanswered questions to know exactly what happened that night . But we do know this : If a black man told police officers "  self-defense " was the reason why he shot an unarmed white teenage girl in the face with his shotgun , it would not have taken protests , national media attention and nearly two weeks for authorities to reject that excuse . And this is why McBride 's death -- ruled a homicide after protests and national media attention -- draws comparisons to that of Trayvon Martin , the Florida teen shot and killed by George Zimmerman , who is of white and Latino heritage , last year . Not that the events leading up to their shootings are identical . They are not . But statistics show the benefit of doubt granted to those who have spilled black blood is not extended as graciously when roles are reversed . In other words , if someone told you a black man stalked , confronted and eventually murdered an unarmed white teenage boy , it 's doubtful "  self-defense " would get him off the hook . And it should n't , because that sounds ridiculous . But when the victim is black , the narrative that has historically characterized blacks as a menace -- the narrative that gets supported by out-of-context crime statistics , pop culture imagery and media coverage -- assigns culpability and thus plausibility . On Friday , Wafer was finally charged with second-degree murder , manslaughter and possession of a firearm in the commission of a felony . We 're finally on the road to finding out the truth , and perhaps even achieving justice for McBride . But will another high-profile , racially charged murder trial get us any closer to debunking the strain of thinking that places "  fear for one 's life " and an unarmed , dead black person in the same scenario far too often ? This is the same idea that says it 's completely reasonable for the NYPD to continue to "  stop and frisk "  $ " a practice that disproportionately targets black people , despite its resulting in confiscation of a gun one-tenth of one percent of the time . It 's the idea that says two police officers , who fired 15 shots at an unarmed , 60-year-old black man in his own driveway , are the victims . It 's the idea that says there 's no need to quickly make an arrest -- even though McBride 's unarmed body is lying in a pool of blood and the nearby weapon is still warm -- because the killer may have "  acted as a reasonable person would who was in fear for his life , " as Cheryl Carpenter , the lawyer of the alleged shooter , claims . Between 2005 and 2010 , an Urban Institute study , using FBI data , found that white-on-black shootings were found to be justified 11.5 % of the time in states that do n't have stand-your-ground laws and 17 % of the time in those that do -- the highest among all combinations . Black-on-white homicides were ruled to be justified 1 % of the time in stand-your-ground states and even less frequently in states without the law . Now , obviously statistics do n't reveal the circumstances surrounding each shooting , but they do reinforce the narrative that black people are inherently more dangerous . Thus Pasadena police were found "  justified " in killing a black , unarmed 19-year-old college student who was falsely accused of robbery . Los Angeles police who shot and killed an unarmed black , autistic 27-year-old did so "  in defense of their lives " according to their attorneys . It 's the same fear that led four police officers to fire 41 shots at an unarmed black man on the stoop of his New York apartment in 1999 , hitting him 19 times . It 's the same fear that led an officer to shoot and kill an unarmed 24-year-old black man who , like McBride , was reportedly in a single car accident and went out looking for help earlier this year . You can tell yourself all these stories are just tragic one-offs if it makes you feel better . Parents of black children do n't have the luxury . Sure , there are plenty of examples of blacks committing crimes but how does that justify pre-emptive strikes ? How does that make substituting "  open season " with "  self-defense " , OK ? I remember something former NFL player Dhani Jones once told me : "  A lot of upper-middle-class black people hear reports about a black athlete and assume he 's guilty . ... If he 's innocent , they 'll see it more as a special case than the norm . " This attitude extends to society as a whole . Assuming black people are inherently up to no good is not just something some white people are guilty of . There are blacks who are leery of blacks as well . That is the power of the narrative . That is the subtlety of institutionalized racism . It does n't wear a hood or burn crosses in a yard . Rather it 's the subconscious element of our culture that looks at a black corpse and quietly puts it , instead of the perpetrator , on trial . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	Renisha McBride , black teen , was shot dead after knocking on a white homeowner 's door Family says she needed help ; homeowner says he feared she was breaking in LZ : If a black man said he shot unarmed white girl in the face in "  self defense " he would be in jail LZ : Our culture "  looks at a black corpse and puts it , instead of the perpetrator , on trial "
CNN  -- I feel like a short-order cook flipping a pancake , looking at it in the air from side to side , to see how well done it is , to see if it is ready . There are plusses and minuses to every statement made by a celebrity . I am a great fan of Anderson Cooper , especially of his hair , but I still want to be honest about what I think of the message he recently sent to Andrew Sullivan , on whose blog he came out on Monday . It 's a pancake with two sides , and it 's still up in the air . On one side , Anderson Cooper joins a long troupe of people like Ellen DeGeneres , Elton John , Liberace and on back down the line , for which the Great Announcement has got to be seen as made , perhaps , for the sea whelks and the Easter Island statues who do n't get CNN at home and do n't notice sexuality and its cues . I mean , there may yet be a population of creatures on the planet surprised that Anderson Cooper is gay , but I suspect they eat plankton . My Take : Will there be gays in heaven ? On the other side , honesty still takes courage , and one of the things that a bright cunning professional with good hair does when he or she comes out is to encourage other gay or lesbian people with good hair to let it down , too . What I like better than Cooper 's admission , or the good reasons he summarizes for making such an admission , is his insistence that even under these circumstances he has a right to a private life , and he intends to invoke those rights . I have generally resisted being identified as a gay spokesperson , even though I am gay and I do speak . And have political opinions , and I use them in my writing .  I have n't got the hair to be a gay spokesperson , though . Less facetiously , the truth is that I could not stomach being a professional gay spokesperson because I have never been a professional homosexual . I am only a professional writer , and as such -- just as Cooper attests , too , about himself -- my sexuality is a real but a limited part of my character . It is something that has helped define me as an artist in that it taught me how to stand on the margins and scrutinize the center . News : Anderson Cooper says he 's gay , happy and proud Incidentally , so , too , has being a Roman Catholic in this dark season of Catholic instability , hysteria and political game-playing . So , too , has being married to a man with whom I have adopted three brown-skinned kids . So , too , is believing that the physicality of books matters . Also , believing in not being a one-issue voter . All these aspects of my self marginalize me , but they do n't make me a Catholic writer , a gay writer , a blended-family writer , a nut-job . They make me a better writer , because they round me out . They fill me with contradictory and complicating sympathies . They make me work harder at being myself . So , the pancake is still in the air . Will Anderson Cooper be a better professional journalist for having been honest in this aspect of his life ? I do n't know that anyone can be sure of this , him least of all . Celebs , readers proud of Anderson Cooper But that is why , in the end , the pancake flips onto a plate ready for serving in a pool of warm maple syrup , and it looks just right . He is willing to take the chance that he might be marginalized for this . He thinks it is important enough to risk being belittled , even by an admirer , like me . Maybe Anderson Cooper holds close to his heart a maxim that I do . It 's by Emerson , one of my own local heroes . He wrote "  Character is centrality , the impossibility of being displaced or overset . " When I was about 17 , I stitched those words into some invisible vest pocket of my psychic armor and said to myself : "  You do n't have to tell all the truth . You just have to be sure not to lie . Do not do anything that will cause you to be displaced or overset . Be central upon the limited , unorthodox , marginalized square upon which , through no doing of your own , you find that you stand . " News : Chely Wright : What happened after I came out Here 's your pancake . And look . It has a face in it ! A holy miracle . It is n't the face of Anderson Cooper and it is n't even the face of Jesus  who also has great hair  . It 's Ralph Waldo Emerson . Eat your pancake . It 's good for you . Thank you , Anderson . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gregory Maguire .	Gregory Maguire : Most people knew Anderson Cooper was gay ; he came out Monday He likes that Cooper insists that he still deserves privacy He says like Cooper , he knows that being gay is one part of the many qualities that define him Maguire : Emerson said "  character is centrality ; " maybe Cooper believes this , too
A young woman leaves her farming village at age 16 to find work in a distant city . With three younger children at home , her parents ca n't afford to keep her in school . Her first job , on a factory assembly line , pays only $ 50 a month . Over two years she takes night-school classes , gets a series of secretarial jobs , and lands a coveted position in a factory 's purchasing department that pays more than $ 1,000 a month . She meets a young man , a fellow migrant ; they marry and have two children . The couple saves enough money to buy an apartment for her parents and a secondhand Buick for themselves . Then the young woman leaves her daughters in the temporary care of her husband and his parents , so she can return to the city to work again . "  A person should have some ambition while she is young , " she writes , "  so that in old age she can look back on her life and feel that it was not lived to no purpose . " Watch Leslie Chang 's TED Talk The outlines of this young woman 's story are familiar ; she could be one of the millions of immigrants who crossed an ocean to make a new life in America . We acknowledge that their lives were hard , but we believe that with adversity came opportunity and transformation . But if I tell you that this woman 's name is Lu Qingmin , and that she lives in China , all such possibility seems to fall away . She is recast as a victim of the world 's largest authoritarian regime , where workers earn less than a dollar an hour and independent unions are against the law . Her story becomes one of misery and exploitation . How could it be otherwise ? I spent two years getting to know assembly line workers in the south China factory city of Dongguan . These young men and women labored long hours every day , sometimes for weeks on end without a break ; the best factories gave one day off each week . A government-mandated 11-hour workday was routinely ignored , and factories frequently paid less than the minimum wage or withheld pay for minor infractions . Injuries on the factory floor resulted from safety violations and minimal employee training . Workers might sleep 10 or 15 to a room , with 50 people sharing one bathroom . TED.com : Behind the great firewall of China Yet these workers did not strike me as cowed ; despite their youth and inexperience , they were capable and resourceful at improving their situations over time . Almost every worker I met told me a story of challenging her boss over some injustice , which frequently led her superiors to take notice and treat her better . The workers figured out who were the best employers , took private classes to learn computer or secretarial skills and talked their way into higher-paying jobs . They became the chief earners in their families and challenged long-held traditions . They urged their parents to keep younger siblings in school ; they resisted pressure to marry early and return to a way of life they no longer wanted . For these young women , the factory experience could not be boiled down to a set of working conditions . It also changed their lives . Surveys have shown that Chinese migrants are younger and better educated than the people who stay behind in the village , and that they choose to leave home as much to see the world and to develop new skills as to earn money . Factory work is an informed choice , not a desperate response to poverty . Other studies by Chinese and Western scholars show that migration fuels economic growth , social mobility and the spread of progressive ideas . Income from migrant work is the biggest source of wealth accumulation in rural China . TED.com : The generation that 's remaking China By 2025 , McKinsey & Co. has estimated , the Chinese middle class will swell to 520 million people , most of them former migrants who have done well in the cities and stayed . One study has shown that having done migrant work makes a rural woman more likely to choose her own husband , to give birth in a hospital , and to seek equality in marriage . It 's possible to acknowledge that the Chinese factory regime has immense problems but that it also brings benefits to individuals within that system . Perhaps Chinese workers deserve our interest and respect instead of our pity . Just to say these things makes some people angry . Since my TED talk on Chinese factory workers was posted online , I have been accused of working in league with the technology industry to perpetuate the enslavement of Chinese workers . "  You sicken me with your effort to discount the negatives of factory workers in China by making it sound like the workers want this , " one person wrote . What accounts for such visceral reactions ? One answer lies in the nature of daily journalism . By focusing on extreme events , such as a violent brawl earlier this week at a Foxconn Technology plant that manufactures for Apple , journalists create the impression of an enormous underclass on the edge of revolt . TED.com : Does democracy stifle economic growth ? Write about ordinary workers who have not endured violent protests or extraordinary suffering , and you may be attacked for hiding the truth or shilling for the corporations . A widespread fear of China -- a monolithic force that is taking over the world and stealing American jobs -- blinds people to the complexities of life there . The Chinese government is not a democracy , yet its economic policies over the past three decades have improved the lives of millions . But it 's far easier to believe that everyone there is exploited and miserable . It 's true that Chinese factories have harsh conditions . It 's also true that Chinese factories have allowed huge numbers of people to improve their lives and change their fates . This same set of contradictory facts characterized America 's industrialization more than a hundred years ago . To insist on seeing China in black and white reflects an ignorance of history and a failure of the imagination . Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter	Leslie T. Chang : Conditions are harsh , but people ignore the full stories of Chinese workers She says factory jobs have provided upward mobility , new opportunity in China People look back admiringly at heroic work of immigrants to U.S. 100 years ago , she says Chang : Chinese workers deserve our interest and respect instead of our pity
A group of current and former soccer players has filed a lawsuit against FIFA , claiming football 's world governing body is n't doing enough to manage the issue of concussion in the game . The action , which is also targeted at U.S. Youth Soccer , American Youth Soccer and others , alleges these groups have "  failed to adopt effective policies to evaluate and manage concussions . " It also claims women and children are put in danger by a lack of adequate rules to manage concussion as they are "  more vulnerable to traumatic and long-lasting brain injury . " The lawsuit seeks no financial damages and instead is insisting on rule changes it has been suggesting for over a decade . The plaintiffs , which include Rachel Mehr -- a former youth club soccer player -- and several parents on behalf of their children in youth soccer leagues , are led by attorney Steve Berman . "  Despite simple , best-practice guidelines , which have been updated three times since the initial international conference on concussions , FIFA has failed to enact the policies and rules needed to protect soccer players , " he said in a statement sent to CNN by his firm Hagens Berman Sobol Shapiro LLP . "  We believe it is imperative we force these organizations to put a stop to hazardous practices that put players at unnecessary risk . "  The negligence is remarkable , given that FIFA actively promotes its activities to children . Yet no rule limits headers in children 's soccer , and children are often taught to head the ball from the age of three . "  We estimate that a dedicated youth player might sustain 1,000 headers per year , and a high school player more than 1,800 headers . " The lawsuit , filed in California , claims FIFA guidelines appear to suggest it is referees and players who diagnose brain injuries and not medical professionals . It wants provision made for temporary substitutions to be allowed when a player is being examined for a brain injury , above the permitted three per match , and a limit on how many times players under 17 can head the ball . Concussion has become a hot topic in major sports in the United States with the National Football League , the National Hockey League and the National Collegiate Athletic Association all involved in litigation . In 2013 , the NFL struck a deal worth $ 765 million to fund medical exams , concussion-related compensation , medical research for retired NFL players and their families , as well as litigation expenses . Currently , any player who is knocked out or concussed during an NFL match is removed from the game , but no such rules exist in soccer . According to FIFA 's most recent newsletter , there were five incidents of concussion at the recent World Cup in Brazil , including one in the final between Germany and Argentina . German midfielder Christoph Kramer received medical treatment after being knocked out but returned to the field of play . He was substituted a short time later after he asked : "  Is this the final ? " the newsletter reported . FIFA president Sepp Blatter said in the newsletter that the topic of concussion in football has the "  highest priority . " "  The decisive factor is how those involved react to this kind of incident , " Blatter wrote of the Kramer injury . "  The German team doctors assessed the situation correctly . Kramer initially showed no symptoms of concussion , but a little later he realized something was wrong and asked to be substituted . "  Coach Joachim Low did not hesitate even for a moment , sending out an important signal and demonstrating that the player 's health and the doctors ' opinion matter more than sporting considerations . "  That is fully in line with the principle : "  When in doubt , sit them out " . This topic has the highest priority for FIFA . " When contacted by CNN , FIFA said it had not received anything regarding the lawsuit and , as such , was not in a position to comment , but it did offer a statement outlining its work on the issue . "  FIFA has always assigned high priority to the topic of prevention and treatment of head injuries , " it read . "  Together with other leading sports federations FIFA initiated 12 years ago discussions on this topic which led to four scientific consensus meetings and the development of clear recommendations . "  FIFA has also initiated a series of scientific studies related to head injuries in football that have resulted in modifications to the Laws of the Game . "  For instance , in 2006 , the International Football Association Board  The IFAB  adapted the Laws of the Game to punish incidents which cause concussion such as an elbow to the head with a red card . This led to a significant decrease in such incidents and head injuries . "  For FIFA competitions , all team doctors are fully informed about these recommendations . It is the responsibility of each team doctor and any support staff in their team to decide whether or not a player can continue playing . " The organization is running a pilot in the Swiss first division this season to better monitor players ' cognitive abilities and to help with swift diagnosis of brain injuries . It will be supervised by FIFA 's chief medical officer professor Jiri Dvorak , who told the newsletter : "  In parallel with this research , we must -- sooner rather than later -- also discuss an additional substitution . "  That would give coaches greater personal leeway , as they could react more quickly and decisively in the case of injury . " The English Premier League announced prior to the start of the new season it had introduced new regulations regarding head injuries . It said the final rulings on head injuries would be made by the medical professionals present and insisted a new "  tunnel doctor " attended each match to assist the doctors already attached to the competing teams .	Lawsuit filed against FIFA claiming it is n't doing enough about concussion in soccer Action alleges FIFA has failed to adopt effective policies to manage concussions FIFA president Sepp Blatter said recently that topic of concussion has "  highest priority " German midfielder Christoph Kramer played on after being knocked out in World Cup final
In the age of personalization , a Finnish company is bringing 3D technology to the world of bespoke men 's footwear . Inside the London store of the Left Shoe Company -- just one of seven locations around the world -- a space-age platform sits among scaling shelves decked with beautifully made , traditional men 's shoes . Next , customers are invited to sport a pair of bright yellow and green socks and stand on the Sci-Fi-like scanner as it produces a virtual 3D picture capturing the volume of their feet . After selecting the model and style from the store 's catalogue , the shoes are made by traditional craftsmen in Portugal and delivered to the customer anywhere in the world in up to 6 weeks . Bespoke 3D innovation What 's more -- shoppers looking to purchase another pair of shoes can easily order them online thanks to their 3D foot-scan stored in the company 's digital archives . "  It enables me to stay in contact with customers all over the world , " says Christian Haugaard , director of the London store . "  They may have visited the store once in their entire lives , but they can shop with us forever . " The simplicity for the customer is also an added bonus , explains Hauggard : "  It allows you to shop online and know exactly what you 're going to get , whereas if you go to other e-commerce sites you may have to buy two or three sizes and return two of them . It does n't make a lot of economic sense . " The digital scan gives shoppers a custom fit made in seconds at virtually no cost allowing them to skip the made-to-wear tradition of having a wooden model made of their feet -- an expensive and time consuming process . In turn , the savings is passed on to the customer . The Left Shoe Company 's footwear costs around $ 640 , about half of what a traditional shoemaker might charge . Luxury embraces digital By combining a tech-savvy business model with old-school artistan tradition , the Finnish company is making bespoke craftsmanship accessible to a customer that craves authenticity in the digital era . "  It 's a sector that does n't really embrace change and that includes technology and e-commerce , " says Allegra Perry , a senior analyst at Cantor Fitzgerald . But , she says , across the board , technology is becoming an increasingly big feature in the luxury goods sector . CEO Erkan Fere says that using technology to streamline a traditional business model has as many advantages for the business as it does for the customer . The benefit of made-to-measure footwear , he says , is that it involves minimum waste . "  We make the shoes one by one when an individual customer orders them . If we do n't sell many of a certain style , it does n't matter . " He 's convinced that tradition with a tech twist will catch on : "  We have adopted this technology early , but I have no doubt that other companies will catch up quickly . " And the demand for bespoke is growing , says Paul Alger , head of the UK Fashion and Textile Council : "  For many years consumers have been rather passive about what they 'll buy , but now there 's a whole generation of new consumers that say ' I will buy less , but I will buy better . ' " There is still an important place for bespoke in this world of ready-to-wear , says Haugaard . "  We had a gentleman in the other day and he ordered one shoe in a size 9 and one in a size 7 . Where else would you go ? The only alternative is to buy two pairs of shoes . " A majority of the population , he points out , have different sized feet and , by bringing together high-technology and traditional craftsmanship , the Left Shoe Company is making high-end , made-to-measure shoes a more attainable dream .	Finnish shoemaker is combining tech and tradition to create bespoke footwear for clients Customers can choose all aspects of their shoe 's design including model , leather , color Luxury goods expert Allegra Perry says high-end designers are embracing technology more
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Most of a 1,300-year-old Tibetan town popular with tourists was destroyed by a fire over the weekend , renewing concerns over commercial development at Chinese heritage sites . The blaze , which raged for 10 hours on Saturday , destroyed at least 240 houses or two thirds of the ancient settlement of Dukezong in Yunnan province , southwest China , according to Xinhua state news agency . The town was known for its well-preserved Tibetan dwellings and the fire spread easily from one wooden house to the other after starting in a small hotel . Some 2,600 residents were evacuated from the scene , but no casualties were reported , Xinhua added . The possibility of arson has been ruled out , and the cause of fire is still under investigation , local authorities said . More than 1,000 firefighters and volunteers battled the flames , officials said , but the narrow streets made it difficult for fire trucks to maneuver . Fire fighters also found that hydrants were empty due to a shutdown in water supply during sub-zero winter conditions , according to Chen Tianchang , head of the fire service for the Deqen Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture , the region where the town is located . The town forms part of a county now called Shangri-La , which with its dramatic scenery claims to have inspired the fictional paradise described in the 1933 novel by British author James Hilton . The fire also renewed concerns over commercial development in China 's ancient towns , which have witnessed growing numbers of tourists in recent years . There have been a string of fires at heritage sites in recent months , Xinhua reported . In October , a blaze tore down an ancient building complex in Hongjiang , central China and a covered bridge in the Western city of Chongqing was destroyed by fire in November . Another fire also raged in the old town of Lijiang , Yunnan in March . Li Gang , director of the region 's cultural relics protection department , told Xinhua that the traditional gaps between the wood buildings in Dukezong to prevent fires had been filled in by restaurants , shops and guesthouses as "  tourism booms . " "  We have to reconsider the traditional principle of architecture while enhancing fire extinguishing facilities , " Li said .	Ancient town popular with tourists ravaged by fire Two-thirds of town was destroyed , but no casualties were reported The town , Dukezong , is known for its well-preserved Tibetan dwellings Fire has also sparked concerns over commercial development in ancient towns
CNN  -- Bahrain has revoked the citizenship of 31 Shiite activists , the latest clampdown on the opposition amid continued unrest in the Persian Gulf kingdom . The state-run Bahrain TV announced the move Tuesday evening , citing an Interior Ministry statement . The television anchor read out the names of the 31 activists , which included Jawad Fairouz , a former member of parliament for the Shiite opposition group Al-Wefaq , and his brother , Jalal . Among the other prominent opposition figures who were stripped of their citizenship were Said al-Shihabi , the head of the Freemen of Bahrain movement , and Ali Hassan Mushaima , the son of the leader of Al-Haq group . Also on the list were three Shiite clerics : Hussein Mirza , Khaled Mansour Sanad and Alawi Sharaf . The Interior Ministry statement Tuesday said the country 's Citizenship Act "  allows the kingdom the right to revoke the citizenship of anyone who is charged with being a threat to the state 's security , " Bahrain TV reported . Those who object to the decision have the right to challenge it in court , it added . Two prominent Bahraini groups , the Bahrain Youth Society for Human Rights and Bahrain Center for Human Rights , decried the move . The groups said they had "  grave concern over the systematic targeting of prominent political activists , former members of parliament , clerics and others . The Bahraini authorities did not provide substantial evidence as to why these individuals ' citizenships have been revoked . " Rights groups Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch similarly condemned the move . "  The authorities have provided the vaguest of reasons for the deprivation of nationality , which appears to have been taken on the basis of the victims ' political views , " said Philip Luther , Amnesty International 's director for the Middle East and North Africa . "  Most worryingly , the authorities are making some in the group stateless . This , as well as any arbitrary deprivation of nationality , is prohibited under international law , " he said . "  We urgently call on the Bahraini authorities to rescind this frightening and chilling decision . " The government decision "  seems to completely disregard their basic rights , " said Joe Stork , deputy Middle East director at Human Rights Watch . "  There is no justification for equating political dissent with damaging Bahrain 's security . " Bahraini authorities imposed a ban late last month on public protests , saying it was necessary to rein in violence . But Amnesty International said the move breached people 's right to free speech . Violent clashes have broken out between security forces and opposition protesters on numerous occasions since protests began in the island nation in February 2011 , spurred by uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt . Bahrain 's ruling Khalifa family is Sunni Muslim , but about two-thirds of the country 's people are Shiite . The country is strategically important for the United States in the region and it is home to the U.S. Navy 's 5th Fleet . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	NEW : Amnesty International urges Bahrain to rescind its "  frightening and chilling decision " The list of 31 Shiites stripped of citizenship includes prominent opposition figures Clashes have taken place between the government and opposition since last year Bahrain 's ruling family is Sunni , but about two-thirds of the country 's people are Shiite
September 11 has been somewhat eclipsed in the last decade by a more notorious anniversary , but it remains a date etched in Chileans ' minds : in 1973 , this was the day General Augusto Pinochet seized power from the democratically elected Socialist government of Salvador Allende . Forty years after that sudden coup , and 23 years since its return to democracy , Chile is still recovering from the effects of Pinochet 's brutal rule . Its relevance today may not be immediately obvious . The world 's attention is focused firmly on the Middle East , particularly the brutal civil war in Syria . As the international community debates what its responsibilities might be , people are dying . The shadow of Iraq looms large , obscuring and darkening the potential consequences of humanitarian intervention . Yet among all this , Chile 's influence can be felt . Javier Zuniga , 70 , is a Mexican human rights activist and special advisor at Amnesty International ; he argues that "  what happened in Chile goes beyond its borders , because it shook the international community into understanding that human rights violations were the business of everybody , inside Chile and outside Chile . " Zuniga visited the country many times during Pinochet 's rule , documenting abuses and disappearances , and has since campaigned tirelessly on behalf of the relatives of the disappeared . Four decades after coup , divisions remain in Chile Carlos Reyes-Manzo is one of many thousands who were detained and tortured by the Pinochet regime . Now 68 and living in London , before the coup he worked for the Allende government , specifically for Chile Films , while also working as part of the Socialist Party . When the government was overthrown , he remembers how suddenly it happened : "  In a way , we were expecting something would happen . -LSB- But -RSB- we never expected it would happen so quickly , and in such a way . " By sheer luck , Reyes-Manzo had been at meetings when the militia raided his apartment , and initially avoided capture . Seeing what was happening , he decided to head for the Socialist Party headquarters in the center of Santiago . "  It was quite near to the presidential palace , and on my way I saw bodies in the street . The military immediately started shooting and killing people ... And very soon they put fire to the Socialist Party headquarters . " Carlos pauses . "  That was the day , there was just shooting everywhere and killing everywhere . " By the end of that bloody day , President Allende was dead , having committed suicide as troops stormed the presidential palace . Within 24 hours , the Socialist government had been deposed and replaced by a military junta . Some were pleased , particularly in the United States , where the coup enjoyed the covert support of the Nixon administration . Allende 's sweeping nationalizations and quite radical reforms had proved unpalatable for many Chileans and outside observers , particularly transnational corporations . After the coup , free market economic policies were pursued with vigor , inspired by the theories of Nobel Prize-winning economist Milton Friedman and others . As for the Socialist Party members , Reyes-Manzo recalls what happened next : "  The leaders of the party were detained , some were killed , and some went underground . I went underground myself . So I spent six months underground , working there , just trying to get everything back into place ... -LSB- Eventually -RSB- someone I was working with gave my name and I was detained . They came to my house and almost ransacked everything ... I was with two little children and was taken away . " Reyes-Manzo spent months in detention , being moved around to different locations and tortured regularly . In one prison , he found he recognized the voice of the person in charge : it belonged to a man called Romo , whom he had known before the coup -- not that this changed anything . "  They were not shy -- in a way they wanted you to know who they were . " Zuniga says "  the torturers were mentally prepared to torture because they felt they were defending the country . " Today , Reyes-Manzo still remains baffled by this . "  It was impossible for them to believe that what they were doing was wrong . This is the kind of ideology where you 've convinced the people it 's right to torture , right to kill , right to rape the women , right to ... whatever they did , that it was right . " He shakes his head . "  And that was incredible . " Eventually , Reyes-Manzo managed an extraordinary escape . He was first exiled to Panama , before being kidnapped again by the Chilean secret police . They intended to take him back to Santiago , but first the plane had to stop over at London 's Heathrow Airport . He says , "  When I arrived to London , I realised it was my only chance to escape . " Fortunately , he says , his guards had gotten drunk and had fallen asleep . "  I dashed outside the plane , and asked for political asylum . " Reyes-Manzo spoke practically no English , and was nearly returned to Chile -- at the time , the British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and General Pinochet had a famously close relationship . However , he managed to contact Amnesty International , who in turn got Lord Avebury to raise the case in parliament . Asylum was granted , "  and it saved my life , that 's why I 'm here . " So what lessons can the events of Chile 40 years ago offer to us today ? "  Some of the lessons are quite clear , " Zuniga says . "  What happens inside the country is not just a matter for the national authorities . Human rights are something that we are all responsible for . When there is a disappearance in Chile , or in Argentine , or in other countries -LSB- like -RSB- Sri Lanka , the Philippines , it is also humanity that is aggressed . I am aggressed . I am also a victim of these violations , even if it 's not in my country . Because I am a human being ... The lesson of Chile is that these human rights are a responsibility of everybody . " Of course , such platitudes do n't make the dilemmas presented in Egypt , Syria and elsewhere any easier to grapple with -- and Zuniga accepts that international treaties and humanitarian agreements do n't themselves prevent violations and violence . "  You also need the political will of governments inside the countries , and those who are outside to exert the pressure to help the people who are victims , " Zuniga says . "  And you can see that that is not working the case of Syria . " Nevertheless , Zuniga says organizations such as Amnesty are ready . "  Even in very difficult circumstances , it 's very important to document violations ... Certainly the lessons of other countries like Chile and Argentina -LSB- are that -RSB- when the conflict ends , then it will be time for accountability . " Though he has travelled around the world 's most troubled and violent regions for decades , Zuniga is not despondent . He points to the ongoing trial of 92-year-old Siert Bruins , a former Nazi SS officer , as an example that international law has a long memory . "  It takes time , " he says . "  But there will be justice . "	September 11 , 1973 was date Salvador Allende 's government overthrown in coup Many thousands were detained and tortured by Augusto Pinochet 's regime After the coup , free market economic policies were pursued with vigor Activists who were tortured by the regime are now demanding justice
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- Ssangyong Motor Co. , South Korea 's fifth largest automaker , filed for bankruptcy Friday , citing the company 's worsening finances . About 800 unionized workers rally at a Ssangyong Motor plant in Pyeongtaek , South Korea , on December 30 . Ssangyong is seeking court receivership and filed its application for protection from creditors with the Seoul Central District Court , the company said in a statement . During reorganization , Ssangyong plans to cut costs through voluntary retirement and paid leave , according to the statement . Ssangyong is the South Korean unit of China 's Shanghai Automotive Industry Corp. , which holds a 51 percent share in the company . Ssangyong has been battered by the global financial downturn and credit crunch like many other automakers . A large portion of the company 's profits used to come from SUVs , which was hurt by high gas prices earlier in the year before the credit crunch additionally cut into sales . Last year vehicle sales at Ssangyong dropped nearly 30 percent , the Yonhap news agency reported .	Ssangyong plans to cut costs through voluntary retirement , paid leave China 's Shanghai Automotive Industry Corp. holds a 51 percent stake Vehicle sales at Ssangyong dropped nearly 30 percent last year , Yonhap reports
WIRED  -- Apple is a powerhouse of ingenuity , patenting ideas as soon as an engineer can scratch them down on paper  or iPad  . Around three dozen Apple patents made their way through the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office this week alone . Here we share three of the most notable -- one helps prevent cracked cover glass , another would deliver power to multiple devices with just a single adapter , and a third is a far-reaching location-based services patent that could keep Apple 's competitors on their toes . First off , Apple has come up with a solution for keeping the glass on the back of your iDevice from breaking in the event of a fall . Obviously , the simplest solution would be to avoid glass screens altogether , but if glass is going to stay , it should be made more resilient . Apple dreamed up a tunable shock mount that would sit between the glass and the body of the device . This shock mount would inflate when the device 's accelerometer senses that the phone or tablet is falling . An actuator within the device would suck in the cover glass as it accelerates toward earth , protecting it from damage . This technology could also be used to provide a water-tight seal . The patent also describes using alumino silicate glass , better known as Gorilla Glass , instead of normal glass . Gorilla Glass is already used in the iPhone 4 and 4S . Future cover glass could be chemically treated in a solution including potassium to help strengthen it further . As K + ions replace Na + ions on the surface and edges of the glass , the glass would have higher compression thresholds in those areas , making it less susceptible to cracking . Next up , Apple proposed an intelligent power adapter that could detect the varied power needs of different devices , and service them simultaneously . Today 's power adapters typically convert AC current from a wall outlet to a single DC current that can be fed to your device . Because different devices have different power needs , you currently need a different cable for each new gadget you use .  Well , that 's the main reason . If power cords and adapters were universally interchangeable , manufacturers would n't be able to reap additional revenue when these accessories eventually need to be replaced . Apple 's patent details an adapter that would have multiple , daisy-chained DC-to-DC converters  either in the adapter itself , or the cord or a connector  , supplying power to more than one device . Alternatively , the adapter would have a relay that dynamically controls the power delivered to a device , and would only deliver juice to compatible devices . The third major patent that rolled through the USPTO this week was innovative back when it was first filed by Xerox in 1998 . The patent involves location-based services , and could potentially be another tool Apple could use to crush other mobile competition  or at least get them to pony up some royalties  . Apple acquired this patent in 2009 from Xerox , and on Tuesday the patent was reissued . The patent predates the mobile app revolution , and even the rise of major social networks , and is worded uncomfortably broadly . Here 's the bulk of what it says : "  A location information system that displays location specific information , the location information system , comprising : a receiver that receives location identification information from at least one site specific object identifying a location.Iadd. , where the at least one site specific object is a beacon.Iaddend. ; and a transceiver that transmits the location identification information to a distributed network and that receives the location specific information about the specified location from the distributed network based on the location identification information , wherein the location specific information provides information corresponding to the location . " Yes , patentese is an obtuse dialect , but if you could decipher any of the above , you 'll know the patent describes what tons of apps and mobile devices already do on a near constant basis . Apple could , theoretically , start pursuing companies like Foursquare or Facebook for performing location-based services that fall under the patent 's very wide umbrella . Is this patent really a threat to such companies ? "  Apple gets interesting new patents all the time . I think this one is an example , but the moment of truth for any patent or patent portfolio is litigation , " FOSS Patents ' Florian Mueller told Wired.com over email . In other words : Do n't get your panties in a wad until Apple starts aggressively wielding its patent power in the courts . For now , it 's just something the company has got in the bag . Along with its other some thousand patents . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	One of Apple 's most recent patents helps protect glass screens by using a shock mount Another patent filed by Apple is for an adapter for multiple DC-to-DC converters A third patent involves the use of location-based services
CNN  -- As Rupert Murdoch and his son took the hot seat Tuesday in the British Parliament , old questions about News Corp. 's business practices were getting fresh scrutiny on the other side of the Atlantic . The fallout of the British phone-hacking scandal has resulted in the arrest of 10 people , including Rebekah Brooks , a former News of the World editor who resigned Friday from her post as chief executive of News International , and the resignation of Les Hinton as CEO of the Dow Jones unit , which publishes The Wall Street Journal . Murdoch 's company has suffered a stock plunge , is facing questions over future leadership and is under an FBI investigation . Now , the business ethos of another arm of News Corp. could deepen the controversy and raise eyebrows about the media mogul 's entire corporate culture . News America Marketing , an in-store coupon and newspaper ad insert marketing business , has been hauled into U.S. courts several times over unsavory practices that include hacking into the computers of competitors . In one of the lawsuits , New Jersey-based Floorgraphics charged that News America attacked Floorgraphics directly by breaking into a password-protected computer system to acquire sensitive proprietary information , including past and future contracts . The company claimed it had lost several big-name contracts because of News America 's tactics . In another lawsuit , rival Valassis described a scene from the movie "  The Untouchables " in which mobster Al Capone beats an enemy to death with a baseball bat . It said Paul Carlucci , then the chief operating officer of News America , showed the scene to his employees to get his point across : that News America employees will tackle their work with "  unbridled aggression . " "  The selected scene is a perfect metaphor for the business practices both expected and in fact being employed  by News America  to illegally leverage its market dominance , " Valassis said in its federal lawsuit . In Minnesota , Insignia Systems Inc. filed an anti-trust claim seeking restitution for millions of dollars it said it lost because of the behavior of News America Marketing . In these cases , Murdoch 's company attempted to smooth over its problems by settling lawsuits with millions of dollars and , in the case of Floorgraphics , buying out the company . The business news website Bnet described the acquisition as "  more like a face-saving gesture for News America than a real deal . " New York Times media columnist David Carr reported that News America has a history of solving its problems with large sums of money . The company , wrote Carr , "  paid out about $ 655 million to make embarrassing charges of corporate espionage and anticompetitive behavior go away . " In making his point , Carr quoted Mark Lewis , the lawyer for the family of slain British girl Millie Dowler , whose mobile phone voice mail was hacked into by journalists . "  This is not just about one individual but about the culture of an organization , " Lewis said after Brooks ' resignation . A News America spokeswoman said the company had no comment . The scandal potentially could be far-reaching in America . Besides Dow Jones , News Corp. also is the parent company of Fox News , the New York Post , and Harper Collins publishers in the United States . 9/11 victims Some Americans have already reacted with outrage and shock after allegations that the phones of victims of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks were hacked as Millie Dowler 's was . "  We are aware of the allegations and are looking into them , " said a federal law enforcement source , who requested anonymity due to the sensitivity of the investigation . "  We 'll be looking at anyone acting for or on behalf of News Corp. , from the top down to janitors , " to gather information and determine whether any laws may have been broken , " the source said . The alleged 9/11 privacy violations appear to be traceable to a story published the Mirror , a British tabloid that publishes a section it calls "  gossip gone toxic . " The newspaper cited a source who referred to a former police officer who now works as a private investigator . The source said the investigator was used by journalists in America and that he was asked to hack into the 9/11 victims ' private phone data . "  Until we get some accountability , they 're just going to keep doing it , " said Jim Riches , a retired Fire Department of New York deputy chief who lost a son in the attacks . "  It 's completely unethical , unprofessional and basically criminal . Rep. Bruce Braley , D-Iowa , told CNN that "  Congress has important oversight responsibilities " in responding to the charges and "  getting to the bottom of this evolving scandal . " Reports were also circulating that actor Jude Law , already in the center of the celebrity hacking scandal in Britain , may have a case in the United States . An FBI spokesperson said the agency was "  aware of the media reports " that Law was hacked in the United States and that News Corp. had settled several lawsuits with American businesses , but said there would be no official comment "  since these matters are under review . " Anti-bribery laws News Corp. could face trouble in the United States on another front as well . As the parent company of the British newspapers , News Corp. could be prosecuted for possibly breaking federal anti-bribery laws . News of the World , a 168-year-old British newspaper owned by Murdoch , folded in the wake of accusations that its reporters illegally eavesdropped on the phone messages of murder and terrorist victims , politicians and celebrities . Police in the United Kingdom have identified almost 4,000 potential targets of phone hacking . There also were allegations that reporters may have bribed law enforcement officers . Potential liability flows from journalists at News of the World to its parent , News International , and to its parent , News Corp. , which is a publicly held company in the United States . Several U.S. lawmakers sent letters to Attorney General Eric Holder asking him to look into concerns that News Corp. violated the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act , known as the FCPA . The law , enacted in 1977 , makes it illegal for a U.S. person or company to pay foreign officials to obtain or retain business . In a statement posted on his website , Sen. Frank Lautenberg , D-New Jersey , said he wants the Department of Justice and the Securities and Exchange Commission to step in : "  The limited information already reported in this case raises serious questions about the legality of the conduct of News Corporation and its subsidiaries under the FCPA . Further investigation may reveal that current reports only scratch the surface of the problem at News Corporation . Accordingly , I am requesting that DOJ and the SEC examine these circumstances and determine whether U.S. laws have been violated . "	A News Corp. in-store ad company 's practices have led to lawsuits Rivals claimed News America employed unsavory tactics Is News America isolated or is it Murdoch 's corporate culture ? News Corp. also faces allegations of phone hacking and possible anti-bribery violations
CNN  -- Clouds of black smoke from burning plastic hang over the sites of Nigeria 's vast dumps , as tiny figures pick their way through slicks of oily water , past cracked PC monitors and television screens . Toxins from dumped electronics in developing countries has been seen as a growing problem . But it is n't just a cut from broken glass these mainly young scavengers are risking . Much of the discarded electronic kit contains tiny -- but valuable -- quantities of aluminum , copper , cadmium and other minerals , all of which can be sold on , if they can be recovered . However they also contain highly toxic materials , which have been linked to reproductive problems and cancers . "  People living and working on and around the dump sites , many of whom are children , are exposed to a cocktail of dangerous chemicals that can cause severe damage to health , including cancer , damage to the nervous system and to brain development in children , " Kim Schoppink , Toxics Campaigner at Greenpeace , told CNN . "  The open burning creates even more hazardous chemicals among which are cancerous dioxins . " No studies have been done on the extent of the chemical pollution of such sites in Nigeria , but in 2008 a Greenpeace report on similar dumps in nearby Ghana confirmed that high levels of lead , phthalates and dioxins were present in soils and the water of a nearby lagoon . A Chinese academic report published in "  Environmental Health Perspectives " in 2007 confirmed that children living in the same area had higher levels of toxic metals in their blood than other children living nearby . There is increasing evidence that this new health and environment problem is arriving in shipping containers from Western countries . Nigeria is one of the principal global destinations for "  e-waste " -- the catch-all term for discarded consumer electronics . Some of this may have been legitimately handed in to be recycled in an EU or U.S. city , but lax enforcement , vague legislation and a lack of political will has meant that it instead passes through a network of traders keen to profit from developing countries ' hunger for hi-tech and a burgeoning second hand market . According to the United Nations Environment Program around 20 to 50 million tons of e-waste are generated worldwide each year . In 2008 a Greenpeace study , "  Not in My Backyard " , found that in Europe only 25 percent of the e-waste was recycled safely . In the U.S. it is only 20 percent and in developing countries it is less than one percent . Extrapolating out from these figures the report concluded that a massive 80 percent of e-waste generated worldwide is not properly recycled . Some is burnt in Western incinerators or buried in landfill sites . But much is exported to developing countries including India , China , Pakistan , Nigeria and Ghana . When it arrives , a further percentage may be repaired and sold on to populations desperate for affordable technology . But anything beyond the skills of local traders will end up dumped . It 's a profitable business , and is already attracting the attention of organized crime . A report issued by the United Nations in July said that the criminal gangs behind much of the drug trade in West Africa were becoming involved with e-waste trading . The volume of material on the move is staggering . In 2005 , more than 500 containers full of e-waste entered Nigerian ports every month , according to the Basel Action Network , a U.S. NGO campaigning on issues surrounding toxic waste . Each one contains 10 to 15 tons of e-waste , totaling 60,000 to 90,000 tons per year . These figures are likely to have increased in recent years . There seems little doubt that much of this waste is finding its way to Africa from Western countries . The Basel Action Network and Dutch NGO Danwatch have traced equipment from Europe to Nigerian dumps and earlier this year Greenpeace placed a radio tracking device in a broken TV handed in for safe recycling in the UK , but followed it to a Nigerian market . "  Greenpeace is disappointed especially by U.S. and EU authorities , " said Schoppink . "  It is toxic waste from the U.S. and EU countries that is causing serious environmental and health problems in Nigeria , a country without the means to deal with this problem . "  The U.S. and EU must play the biggest role in stopping the spread of e-waste ; they are most responsible for the problem and have the resources to tackle it . The export of e-waste from the EU is illegal under the Basel Convention and the Waste Shipment Directive , but the laws are not being sufficiently implemented . In the U.S. , there is no such law banning this practice . "  In Nigeria the government is talking about stopping imports , but there has been no progress on this to date . " Signs of progress There are calls from environmental groups likes Greenpeace for electronics producers to do more to phase out their use of hazardous substances , and there are some signs of progress . Several electronics companies already make products using fewer hazardous substances , and others , including Nokia , Philips and Samsung are setting up voluntary collection and recycling systems in countries where they are not legally obliged to . Apple claims its products are now almost entirely free of the worst toxic chemicals . "  If producers continue to use hazardous chemicals in their electronics and to fail to take responsibility for the safe disposal of their products , e-waste will continue to be dumped in developing countries , " said Schoppink . "  The pollution and related health problems in countries where e-waste is dumped will increase massively as the amount of electronics used worldwide is growing exponentially and the number of countries used as dump sites will grow . " But while the developing world needs the U.S. and EU to take responsibility for their waste , it also needs their discarded computers to train and build a 21st century workforce . "  Nobody is arguing that Africa should be denied access to computers , " said Tony Roberts , Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Computer Aid International , a charity licensed by the UK Environment Agency , which provides recycled computers to developing countries to improve education and healthcare . "  Technical colleges and universities are always short of resources . It is , of course , essential to developing economies escaping poverty to have access to affordable modern technology . " Computer Aid works to close the digital divide between the north and southern hemispheres and offers corporations , including Coca Cola , as well as individuals , a positive way of disposing of electronics . They also believe learning about responsibility for that technology is a crucial part of the exchange . "  Computer Aid argues that , in addition to the PCs , it is essential to also build the skills , knowledge and operating capacity in every country to manage responsible re-use programs and environmentally sound end-of-life recycling . " In the end , this is about everyone involved -- particularly the developed nations -- taking responsibility for their waste . "  It is clear that companies have a moral obligation to treat Africa in exactly the same way that they do , say , Germany , " said Roberts . Until then , toxic black smoke will continue to cast a shadow over lives across the developing world .	Export of electronic products for recycling creating health and environment problems Developed nations that export e-waste criticized by many for lack of responsibility Study from Greenpeace suggest only around 20 percent recycled safely Organized crime involved in e-waste trading according to UN report in July
Beach bums beware : 10 % of water samples collected from U.S. beaches failed to meet the government benchmark for swimmer safety , according to a new report . It 's an icky thought , especially considering the popularity of several of the failing beaches included in the Natural Resources Defense Council 's 24th annual "  Testing the Waters " report . Beach choices matter : the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency estimates up to 3.5 million people become ill from poor water treatment each year , largely because of contact with "  raw sewage from sanitary overflows . " "  Sewage and contaminated runoff in the water should never ruin a family beach trip , " said NRDC senior attorney Jon Devine in a statement . "  But no matter where you live , urban slobber and other pollution can seriously compromise the water quality at your favorite beach and make your family sick . " So which beaches are "  superstars " and which are "  repeat offenders " ? Here 's the good , the bad and the ugly . The good At 4 % , the eastern coastline comprised of beaches in Delaware , Maryland and Virginia boasts the lowest failure rate of beach water samples in the country . All samples were tested against the new EPA water quality standard , called the "  Beach Action Value . " For individual states , Delaware , New Jersey and New Hampshire tied for the top marks , each with a 3 % failure rate . Additionally , the NRDC selected 35 beaches as "  superstars " -- meaning popular spots that consistently meet water quality safety thresholds . These locations spanned 14 states and showed at least a 98 % water safety record over five years : -- Alabama : Gulf Shores Public Beach in Baldwin County , Gulf State Park Pavilion in Baldwin County , Dauphin Island Public Beach . -- California : Newport Beach in Orange County  one of three monitored sections  . -- Delaware : Dewey Beach-Swedes in Sussex County . -- Florida : Bowman 's Beach in Lee County , Coquina Beach South in Manatee County , Fort De Soto North Beach in Pinellas County . -- Georgia : Tybee Island North in Chatham County . -- Hawaii : Hapuna Beach State Recreation Area on the Big Island , Po'ipu Beach Park on Kauai , Wailea Beach Park on Maui . -- Massachusetts : Singing Beach in Essex County . -- Maryland : Point Lookout State Park in St Mary 's County , Assateague State Park in Worcester County . -- North Carolina : Ocean Pier at Main Street and Sunset Boulevard in Brunswick County , Beach at Cape Hatteras Lighthouse in Dare County , Ocean Pier at Salisbury Street at Wrightsville Beach in New Hanover County , Ocean Pier at Ocean Boulevard and Crews Avenue in Topsail Beach in Pender County . -- New Hampshire : Hampton Beach State Park in Rockingham County , Wallis Sands Beach at Wallis Road in Rockingham County , Wallis Sands State Park in Rockingham County . -- New Jersey : Washington  Margate  in Atlantic County , 40th Street  Avalon  in Cape May County , 40th Street  Sea Isle City  in Cape May County , Stone Harbor at 96th Street in Cape May County , Upper Township at Webster Road in Cape May County , Wildwood Crest at Orchid in Cape May County , Broadway  Point Pleasant Beach  in Ocean County -- New York : Long Beach City in Nassau County . -- Virginia : Virginia Beach at 28th Street in Virginia Beach County , Virginia Beach at 45th Street in Virginia Beach County , Back Bay Beach in Virginia Beach County , Virginia Beach -- Little Island Beach North in Virginia Beach County . -- Washington : Westhaven State Park , South Jetty in Grays Harbor . The bad The new "  Beach Action Value " resulted in a significant increase in failure rates in 2013 , especially in certain states . The Great Lakes region had the highest rate of beach water impurities , with 13 % of all samples failing to pass safety standards . The region was also home to the worst individual state offender , Ohio , which posted a 35 % failure rate . Next closest states were Alaska and Mississippi , with 24 % and 21 % failure , respectively . Under the old , less-stringent standard , 7 % to 8 % of beaches failed to meet water quality standards . This year , the number jumped to 10 % . The report detailed the disastrous effects swimming in infected waters could have . "  Beach water pollution nationwide causes a range of waterborne illnesses in swimmers including stomach flu , skin rashes , pinkeye , ear , nose and throat problems , dysentery , hepatitis ... and other serious health problems , " it said . "  For senior citizens , small children and people with weak immune systems , the results can even be fatal . " The ugly Some beaches just do n't get the hint . Over the past five years of analyzing over 3,500 beach water samples , the NRDC has identified 17 U.S. beaches that have "  consistent contamination problems . " To qualify for this "  repeat offender " list , a beach has failed to meet public standards for water quality more than 25 % of the time since 2009 -- a dubious distinction . Here they are : -- California : Malibu Pier , 50 yards east of the pier , in Los Angeles County -- Indiana : Jeorse Park Beach in Lake County  both monitored sections  : Lake Jeorse Park Beach I , Lake Jeorse Park Beach II . -- Massachusetts : Cockle Cove Creek in Barnstable County . -- Maine : Goodies Beach in Knox County . -- New Jersey : Beachwood Beach in Ocean County . -- New York : Main Street Beach in Chautauqua County , Wright Park -- East in Chautauqua County , Ontario Beach in Monroe County . -- Ohio : Lakeshore Park in Ashtabula County , Arcadia Beach in Cuyahoga County , Euclid State Park in Cuyahoga County , Noble Beach in Cuyahoga County , Sims Beach in Cuyahoga County , Villa Angela State Park in Cuyahoga County , Edson Creek in Erie County . -- Wisconsin : South Shore Beach in Milwaukee County . What you can do Strictly swimming in "  superstar " beaches would be a plus , but the NRDC has other recommendations on how to remain safe in troubled waters . Here are two suggestions : -- "  Stay away from beaches with visible discharge pipes and avoid swimming at urban beaches after a heavy rainfall . " -- "  A good rule of thumb is to avoid swimming at the beach for at least 24 hours after it rains and 72 hours after heavy rains . " For the full list of tested waters , policy recommendations to improve quality and a ZIP code searchable map , go to http://www.nrdc.org/beaches .	Report : 10 % of water samples from U.S. beaches fail standards for swimmer safety Thirty-five beaches rated as "  superstars " for water quality Seventeen beaches labeled as "  repeat offenders " for continuous violations
Washington  CNN  -- A single word , "  Jewish , " shows the delicacy of trying to forge a peace deal between Israel and the Palestinians . Two weeks ago , President Barack Obama welcomed Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for White House talks by calling for two states -- "  a Jewish state of Israel and a state of Palestine " -- that would coexist "  side by side in peace and security . " On Monday , Obama outlined a similar vision when he met with Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas , except for that one word , when he spoke of "  a state that allows for the dignity and sovereignty of the Palestinian people and a state that allows for Israelis to feel secure and at peace with their neighbors . " While the President clearly played to his respective audiences , the different language touched one of the stumbling blocks in getting Abbas and Netanyahu to agree to direct "  final status " negotiations on an agreement to end the decades-long conflict between their people . At both meetings , Obama urged the visiting leaders to move past sticking points in the negotiating process , saying Monday that "  I believe that now is the time for not just the leaders of both sides but also the people of both sides to embrace this opportunity for peace . " Abbas , the Palestinian Authority President , noted the volatility of the entire Middle East region meant that "  we do n't have any time to waste " and that "  time is not on our side " in reaching an agreement . A full-fledged deal seems about as far away now as it did eight months ago when Secretary of State John Kerry kick-started the peace process . So far , the process has included a series of meetings along with incremental steps intended to build trust , such as prisoner releases . However , Kerry 's initial goal of an agreement by the end of the April has morphed into a possible framework for further talks through the end of 2014 . Even that modest outcome remains uncertain , given the reluctance of both sides to move from deeply entrenched demands on the logistics of coexistence . With Israel 's next release of Palestinian prisoners scheduled for later this month , the possibility of a breakdown looms . Both sides praise Kerry 's seemingly endless energy for the issue , which has included multiple visits to the region to prod the two sides to reach a middle ground . The secretary of state attended Monday 's meeting . "  Kerry 's relentlessness and skill in engaging the parties have created a process that will at least survive the U.S.-imposed April deadline for a peace deal and live at least until year 's end , " Aaron David Miller of the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars wrote in an opinion piece for CNN . While both sides have signaled agreement for the concept of a two-state solution in which Israel and an independent Palestinian nation would live side-by-side , they remain at odds over how to make that happen . Particular areas of disagreement include borders , security issues , the status of Jerusalem , and the rights of Palestinians who left of fled their homes in what is now Israel . In another potential sticking point , Israel insists on recognition by the Palestinians of its right to exist as a Jewish state . The issue made Obama 's differing language all the more relevant .	NEW : Obama uses different language with Abbas than he did with Netanyahu Palestinian leader Abbas met with President Obama at the White House on Monday The decades-old , oft-delayed peace process resumed with talks last July Secretary Kerry seeks a framework for talks to continue through 2014
CNN  -- Cell phone video recorded from inside a car clipped by a FedEx tractor-trailer truck before it slammed into a bus carrying students in Northern California is being reviewed by investigators , the National Transportation Safety Board said Sunday . The driver of the Nissan Altima that passed the bus just before the crash reported seeing flames coming from underneath the FedEx truck , but investigators have found no physical evidence of a fire before the collision , said Mark Rosekind , an NTSB board member . The truck clipped the car occupied by Joe and Bonnie Duran before it crashed into the bus Thursday evening , killing 10 people -- five high school students , three chaperones and the drivers of both vehicles . More than 30 people , mostly teenagers , were taken to local hospitals . Bonnie Duran told the CNN affiliate KOVR the truck was on fire before it hit the bus . She said she made a quick decision to swerve to avoid a direct hit from the truck , sending their rental car into a ditch . The video captured from inside the Durans ' vehicle is being examined for clues , Rosekind said . Despite the initial lack of physical evidence of a fire before the crash , "  nothing is ruled out yet , " Rosekind told reporters at a news conference Sunday . The NTSB team is looking at the FedEx driver 's last 72 hours to determine whether he had enough rest and whether he was using his cell phone when he lost control of his truck , Rosekind said . "  Fatigue , distraction and other human performance issues are at the top of our list . " Dash-camera video from the first California Highway Patrol vehicle on the scene could also help investigators understand what happened in the minutes after the crash as both vehicles burned , he said . Investigators are interested in knowing whether passengers on the bus , which was new , were wearing seat belts , Rosekind said . Some bus passengers were ejected from the vehicle , including the ones who died , he said . The investigation shows the southbound truck did not brake as it crossed the median at a 10-degree angle and entered the northbound lanes , Rosekind said Saturday . Investigators found 175 feet of tire marks left by the bus , indicating the driver tried to avoid crashing into the truck . A computer on the truck that could have revealed how fast the truck was traveling -- known a the electrical control module -- was destroyed by fire , he said . The electrical control module on the bus survived but has not yet been examined , he said . Blood samples should be obtained from the bodies of both drivers , which will provide information about whether drugs or alcohol might have been in their systems , he said . Blood samples also might tell investigators if the drivers inhaled smoke from the fire , he said . Investigators are only collecting information now and are n't drawing conclusions about the cause of the accident , Rosekind said . Students traveling from the L.A. area The students were traveling from the Los Angeles area to take part in a program at Humboldt State University , which allows prospective attendees to visit the campus . Their journey ended in the fiery wreck 90 miles north of Sacramento when the truck hit one of three buses taking the teens to the campus in Arcarta . The students on the buses represented 31 Southern California high schools . They were heading to "  Spring Preview Plus , " which invites low-income and first-generation prospective students to the university . As part of the program , students stay in residence halls , attend events and visit with staff and students from a program that helps historically underrepresented students , the university said . The two other buses in the caravan made it to the university . Those students were placed in dorms , and the university is offering them counseling . Engaged couple among victims of California bus crash	"  Nothing is ruled out yet , " NTSB member says Investigators look at truck driver 's last 72 hours , including cell phone use NTSB : "  Fatigue , distraction and other human performance issues are at the top of our list " Crash kills 10 people -- 5 high school students , 3 chaperones and both drivers
CNN  -- Scientists have found a wide-eyed primate -- a clawed fur ball that fits snugly in one hand -- in the first live sighting in more than 80 years of a creature that some thought was extinct . "  It was truly amazing , " one scientist said . "  I could n't conceive that we had actually caught one . " Over a two-month period , scientists working in Lore Lindu National Park on the Indonesian island of Sulawesi caught and released three pygmy tarsiers . They bear a striking resemblance to the Furby , an electronic toy that spoke its own fantasy language and dominated children 's wish lists in the late 1990s . They caught two males and one female , said Sharon Gursky-Doyen , a Texas A&M University anthropology professor who led the expedition . The group spotted a fourth -- high in the tree canopy -- but were unable to catch it . The species had not been observed alive in more than eight decades , since they were collected for a museum in 1921 . Many scientists had believed them to be extinct until eight years ago , when two scientists trapping rats in Sulawesi accidentally trapped and killed one . "  I needed to go myself ... to confirm in my own mind , " whether they were there , Gursky-Doyen told CNN on Wednesday , after recently returning from Indonesia . And , on the second night of trapping in August on moss-covered , chilly Mt. Rore Katimbo , her group caught the first small nocturnal creature in a mist net . "  It was truly amazing , " she said . "  My whole body was shaking ... I could n't conceive that we had actually caught one . " The second trapping did n't come until three weeks later , but that first sighting "  kept us going , " Gursky-Doyen said , amid the cold , drenched conditions . The pygmy tarsier , or Tarsius pumilus , weighs about 50 grams  1.7 ounces  , and has dense fur , large , protruding eyes . In addition to seeming as a living , breathing version of the Furby , it also appears as though it ought to have had appeared in the 1984 movie "  Gremlins . " Unlike other primates , the pygmy tarsier -- endemic to a specific area of Indonesia -- has claws instead of nails on its fingers . It is half as big as the Philippines tarsier , which has similar features . For their part , the pygmy tarsiers may have been more frightened than elated at being discovered . "  I was bit once , but I take responsibility for that , " Gursky-Doyen said , explaining that the animal nipped her as she was trying to attach a radio collar -- to track its movement -- to its neck . The task is n't an easy one , she said , because the animal can swivel its head around 180 degrees . Despite another person helping to hold the animal still , he turned and bit her , she said . They have "  pointy , triangular teeth , " she said . It was "  very painful . " But for the most part , they appeared very "  passive , " she said . Other tarsier species give alarm calls , but these did n't , at least nothing that a human could hear , she said . Gursky-Doyen said she would like her graduate student , Nanda Grow , also on the expedition , to return to the field site for her dissertation , to learn more about the number of animals and how altitude and other variables affect them . "  I do believe that the density of these animals is very low , " she said , noting that many villages are located within Lore Lindu National Park . "  That threatens them , " she said .	Pygmy tarsiers thought to be extinct for more than eight decades Scientists working in Lore Lindu National Park caught and released three Primate resembles Furby toy that was popular in 1990s Scientist says villages near park threaten pygmy tarsiers ' existence
CNN  -- Two bushfires still rage out of control in southeast Tasmania , high heat and strong winds persist and scores are coming to grips with the destruction causes by the flames that have already rushed through . Yet , for all the tears shed thus far , the news could be worse . "  It 's been a nightmare , " Richard Scolyer told Nine News , a CNN affiliate . "  I just go along with what happens . "  At least I 'm still alive . I realize I 'm very lucky to be alive . " Wildfires that tore through tens of thousands of hectares on the island off Australia 's southern coast destroyed more than 100 homes , but they have n't caused any known deaths , according to police and local officials . "  We 've had no reports of fatalities at this stage , " Sorrell Council Mayor Kerry Vincent told CNN affiliate Sky Australia early Monday . Vincent 's territory includes Dunalley , where about 65 homes and an elementary school were destroyed Friday in addition to dozens more homes and businesses in neighboring communities , authorities said . Acting Tasmanian Police Commissioner Scott Tilyard likewise said Monday that authorities have n't found any indication anyone died in the fires . But he said they are still continuing to sift through about 500 inquiries -- some of whom may be for the same person or be for people who were n't even in the fire zones -- about potentially missing people . Then there 's the matter of double-checking on the ground , including combing through scorched buildings , to ensure everyone survived . "  Until we 've had the opportunity to do all the screening that we need to do , ... we ca n't say for certain that there has n't been a human life or more than one human life lost as a result of these fires , " Tilyard told reporters . Some -- like Scolyer , who arrived with nothing more than a toothbrush and the clothes he was wearing -- found refuge in the prison-turned-tourist attraction in Port Arthur . There , they have been given meals and other necessities . They 've also found plenty of company in their heartbreak . "  Apparently , it 's burnt out , " Garry Fahey said of his house . "  But it 's home , no matter what it 's like . " Back in Dunalley , Ivan Kelly and his sons drove through the flames to escape , only to return later to find their homes and the timber mill they once owned scorched . Paige Kelly , one of the sons , said the family is trying to figure out how to tell the people who worked there that the mill may not come back . "  How do you tell somebody that ? " Kelly told Nine News . "  I do n't know . " While this town already has been decimated , others remained in danger Monday . According to a Monday morning update from the Tasmania Fire Service , "  watch and alert " advisories have been issued for a pair of fires that have already collectively burned about 29,000 hectares  110 square miles  . As of that time -- and despite some progress overnight -- neither of those bushfires was under control . "  Although there has been a decrease in weather conditions and fire activity overnight and this morning , people need to remain vigilant , as fire and weather conditions can change rapidly , " the service said for the larger of the two blazes , known as the Forcett Fire . Mother Nature was n't helping much Monday , where high temperatures in the most affected areas are expected to reach 30 degrees Celsius  86 degrees Fahrenheit  , according to the Australian Bureau of Meteorology . The same forecast for southeast Tasmania called for daytime winds of 20 to 30 kph  12 to 19 mph  , slowly slightly by evening . Cooler temperatures are likely and isolated rain showers are possible for Tuesday and Wednesday , though winds could also intensify on those days . Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard visited the fire-stricken area Monday , later talking about those who "  lost so much but  are not  able to see it " themselves and others "  who wanted to do something as simple as go on a family holiday have had to confront the forces of nature at work . " "  To all of those people , I do want to say we 're thinking of you in these moments of grief and despair , and we will be working with you in the days to come , " she said . Aerial photographs taken earlier by Nine News showed the fire 's fury as it hopscotched homes in Dunalley and Boomer Bay , burning two homes , leaving one standing and then burning another . Tasmania 's fire chief told reporters Sunday that firefighters hope to bring the blaze under control by Tuesday . Part of the problem is the rugged nature of the Tasman Peninsula -- in the southeast part of island -- where the fires have been burning since last week , Chief Fire Officer Mike Brown said Sunday . "  There  are  still some problems getting fire vehicles into the Tasman Peninsula to work more on protecting properties and protecting assets , " he said . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	NEW : There are no confirmed deaths , but authorities are still looking , police say NEW : Australia 's prime minister visits Tasmania , offers help Conditions should be windy and hot Monday but are expected to cool afterward "  At least I 'm still alive . I realize I 'm very lucky to be alive , " an evacuee says
London  CNN  -- Tony Benn , who has died in London aged 88 , was an inspiration to all of us who wanted to make the world a more peaceful and more equal place . He came from a privileged and political family , his father and grandfather both MPs , and he would have become Lord Stansgate in the early 1960s if he had not fought to renounce his hereditary peerage . Luckily he won , stayed an MP instead of mouldering in Britain 's upper House of Lords for the next five decades , and dedicated his life to socialist ideas and most importantly to campaigning for change . Tony was born in the aftermath of World War I . He was an airman in World War II , and often talked about his experience . He lost a brother in that war , but also saw it as a watershed , marking no return to the unemployment and fascism of the 1930s . As he said , the young conscripted troops became radicalized by the war , arguing that if there could be full employment in wartime , so there could be full employment in peacetime to build houses , hospitals , schools and all the other things people needed . He was Labour all his life , campaigning for the 1945 landslide , but in the last part of his life his main activity was outside Labour 's structures . I remember vividly how he used this wartime experience on one occasion . Just after Gordon Brown became prime minister , we wanted to hold an anti-war demo going from Trafalgar Square to parliament , but the march was banned by the police . I received a phone call from Tony to say that he had just dropped a letter off in Downing St complaining about this decision and promising to defy it . Sure enough he turned up on the day wearing his World War II medals and demanding to march . We set off , daring the police to arrest us . They did n't . He quipped that he was leaving parliament in order to spend more time with politics . This was after the death of his beloved wife Caroline , herself a socialist campaigner and writer . He spent the rest of his life campaigning for a range of causes , but above all he was identified with the Stop the War Coalition , of which I became the convenor when we launched it in 2001 . He campaigned and spoke at every demo , travelled round the country to hold rapturous and well-attended meetings , and became president of the campaign , a post he held up to his death . He was opposed to the wars the UK government and its U.S. allies were waging , including the latest attempt to start another war on Syria last summer . He also helped campaign against austerity , most recently through the People 's Assembly . Tony was polite , disciplined , hard working , political : all the things you could wish for in a campaigner . He was a delight to talk to , interested always in ideas , technological change , history , and building broad united campaigns . One of the last conversation I had with him he stressed the importance of organizing , and wanted May 1 , the international day of working class struggle , to be marked into 2014 as a day to rise up against austerity . That is an invitation I hope millions of people will take up . Maybe we could call it Tony Benn day . That would be a fitting legacy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lindsey German .	Tony Benn who has died in London aged 88 , came from a privileged and political family However he renounced his peerage , and fought for socialist ideas He was opposed to wars UK government and its U.S. allies were waging Benn was polite , disciplined , hard working , political : all a campaigner should be - Lindsey German
CNN  Before the world was obsessed with the magic of "  Frozen , " there was "  Wicked . " And now that musical may be coming to the big screen next year . Producer Marc Platt of "  Into the Woods " -- itself a movie based on a hit Broadway play -- told Film Divider that a "  Wicked " film could come in 2016 , "  but it 's not set in stone . " "  The process of developing that movie has begun . We 're working on it , and whether it makes 2016 or not , I 'm not so sure , " Platt said . The hit Broadway show , based on the 1995 novel "  Wicked : The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West " by Gregory Maguire , is a prequel to "  The Wizard of Oz . " In 2004 , the musical earned future "  Frozen " star Idina Menzel a Tony for best leading actress in a musical for her portrayal of the witch Elphaba . Costar Kristin Chenoweth was also nominated for her work as the good witch , Glinda . Platt said the creators of the musical want to take their time with the film , as they have set the bar very high for a big-screen adaption . Stephen Schwartz wrote the music and lyrics for the play , with dialogue by Winnie Holzman , who Platt said is currently writing the movie script . "  Audiences enjoy that show so much that we are intending to move forward on the movie but are n't going to do so until we 're satisfied in the material we have as a screenplay , and that the film will be every bit as satisfying as what we have on the stage . " So before you get ready to defy gravity , know that Platt is advising fans to patience . "  It took 27 years to make ` Into the Woods ' into a film from its original stage production , and 30 years with ` Les Mis , ' " he said . "  Some things take time for a reason . "	The producer says movie based on hit Broadway show could come in 2016 The "  Wizard of Oz " prequel focuses on witches Glinda and Elphaba The producer says there 's a high bar for the film
Parenting  -- How to weigh whether to have another child -- and what to know about raising an "  only " Couples feel more pressure to have second child than first , says one expert . My husband and I decided to be a one-child family long before our son Oliver was born . With several years of reproductive-health scares behind me , conceiving a child felt like a Powerball win ; I did n't need another chance at the jackpot . Scott thought we could avoid the inevitable slings and arrows of sibling warfare . We both hail from large families , in which continuation of the family name is assured through siblings and cousins . We were content with our decision , and our families took it well , too . A few months after Oliver was born , I bagged up my maternity clothes for a tag sale , and Scott started researching permanent birth-control options . But one afternoon while absentmindedly sorting through blue and green baby clothes , the thought hit me like a punch : "  I 'll never sort through pink clothes . " For years I 'd imagined myself the mom of a daughter . After all , it had been a popular refrain throughout my adolescence  "  I 'll never tell my daughter what I think about her clothes , " I 'd intone to my mother  . And I secretly hoped that my daughter would continue the tradition of attending my all-women alma mater . It was n't that I was disappointed with a son . To be honest , I was relieved the day we found out we were having a boy because I could work the experience of being the older sister to three younger brothers to the fullest . Hearing the door clang shut on my fantasy daughter , however , made me doubt . When acquaintances asked , "  So , are you having any more ? " my voice quivered when I answered no . A woman in my local mothers ' group worried aloud , "  How would you feel if something happened to Oliver and you did n't have any more children ? " Did I really need another child as an insurance policy ? One night when the anxiety felt particularly overwhelming , I asked Scott , "  Is it okay if we hold off on that vasectomy for a while ? " "  It 's normal to wonder if you 're making the right choices and decisions , no matter how many kids you have , " says Susan Jeffers , Ph.D. , author of I 'm OK , You 're a Brat ! Setting the Priorities Straight and Freeing You From the Guilt and Mad Myths of Parenthood . "  Even if you decided to have two or more children , you 'd wonder if your life would have been easier with only one child . " Choosing to have one Haseena Correia of Valley Stream , New York , mom to Zachary , 2 , has long planned to have one child . "  Once I understood how much work it takes to have a career and raise a child at the same time , I pretty much decided one was all I could handle , " she says . Correia says being a one-child family allows her the right balance . "  It gives me the joy of being a mother , but it 's not too overwhelming to the point where I do n't have any time for myself or my husband , " she says . Financial barriers were also a factor in their decision . "  With a mortgage , skyrocketing taxes , and two cars , we have to be a two-income family . Having another child is financially just not an option for us , " she says . At some point , parents will need to ponder :  Can we cope emotionally and physically with another child ?  How will we juggle another child with our jobs ?  Where do we want to be in three years ? Five ?  How will another child affect our finances ? What about our marriage ?  If we wait any longer to decide , will our choices be limited by our age ? There are social and emotional pressures to consider , too . "  If your friends are having second -- and third -- children , you can feel left out , " says Susan Newman , Ph.D. , author of Parenting an Only Child . "  Or you or your spouse may want more kids , but the other does n't . " Sorting out our feelings on most of these things was actually easy for me and Scott .  It was the emotional pull that gave me second thoughts .  We have similar goals for the future , and we realized that with our temperaments , one child would be best for our marriage . We 're happy for our friends who are having second and third children , but for us , Oliver completes our family . When you do n't have a choice Sometimes the twists and turns of life narrow your choices or eliminate them completely . Jennifer Lawler of Eudora , Kansas , always thought having four kids sounded perfect . But when her daughter Jessica was born with life-threatening health problems and Lawler 's uterine fibroids compromised future pregnancies , she and her husband knew Jessica would be their only child . Lawler says , "  Raising our daughter was going to take a lot of emotional , physical , and financial resources . If I had any more children , I did n't think I could handle it . " Time made the situation easier . "  It 's a process of acceptance , " says Lawler . "  One thing that was helpful for me was not to focus on the past or the future . I put my energy toward making this the brightest moment . There were times when we thought Jessica would n't live , talk , or walk . She 's done all those things , so I feel relief and gratitude . " Answering to everyone As you work out what 's best for your family , you 'll face some tough questions all around :  From yourself : Laura Miller of Ottawa , Kansas , mom to Emma , 6 , is undecided about having more children . "  If finances and circumstances ever allow , we might have another child , " she says . "  But we 're happy the way our family is now . " She admits she still has fears . "  My husband and I both have brothers and sisters -- I ca n't imagine not having them to lean on . But after we 're gone , Emma will be alone . " In my darkest moments , I 've been known to worry about the unthinkable : With no other children , what would I do if I lost Oliver ? But , of course , parents of onlies do n't own the front and center on worry . "  Parents fear for all their children , " says Newman . "  Families with a number of children are equally devastated and blown apart when a child dies -- the pain is no less just because you have others . " We need to accept that something so dramatic as death is highly unlikely and try not to live our lives in a state of anxiety .  From others : "  The pressure to have a second child is often greater than for the first , " says Newman . But the fact is that the friends , family , and even strangers who are exerting pressure are n't the ones who 'll be caring for these future children till they reach adulthood . After Lawler 's daughter was born , she answered her questioners with "  We 're going to take care of Jessica . " Sometimes intrusive questions and opinions can drive us nuts , which is why it can be helpful to look within before lashing out . "  When you are affected by this pressure , it means you 're looking for that person 's approval , " says Jeffers . "  Ask yourself , ` Why am I reacting this way ? Am I afraid of criticism from this person ? ' As soon as you stop needing their approval , you can relax and appreciate the decision you made . " Once a mom is feeling calmer , she can answer the critics with , say , "  I understand you really want this , but it 's not right for me " or "  Well , thanks for passing on your ideas . "  From your child -- it happens : Many onlies will ask -- loudly , often -- for a little brother or sister , or wonder aloud why they 're stuck being an only child . A straightforward answer is the best bet , says Lise Youngblade , Ph.D. , associate director of the Institute for Child Health Policy at the University of Florida in Gainesville . "  The last thing parents want to do is get into a negotiation , " she says . Instead , respond with something like "  We 've decided that our family size is just right . There are lots of different kinds of families , and this is how ours is . " With an older child , you can point out that many of the advantages he enjoys as an only -- his own specially decorated bedroom , for instance , or the one-on-one time he has with Mom and Dad -- may be things he would n't have with a brother or sister . You can also try asking your child what he thinks would be the benefits of having a sibling . It could be as simple as having a bunk bed . If a child 's demands do n't abate , Jeffers points out that "  children complain , period . " Parents with two or three kids sometimes hear , "  Mommy , it 's time to send the baby back to the hospital . " In my case , it took me time to say goodbye to my fantasy daughter , but when Oliver was 18 months old , I finally said to Scott , "  Let 's do it , " on the vasectomy . I 'm very happy with my son and our decision , and I 've looked for other ways to indulge my daughter needs . I volunteered as a Big Sister and counseled a 15-year-old on boyfriends . When I spot cute girly-girl dresses , I buy them for my friend 's daughters . And I console myself that when I go through menopause , there wo n't be two hormonal women under this roof . E-mail to a friend Try a FREE TRIAL issue of Parenting Magazine - CLICK HERE ! Copyright 2009 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	Some couples decide to have one child Health , financial , emotional issues to consider Pressure to have second child greater than for first Mom : A "  process of acceptance " when you ca n't have another child
JAKARTA , Indonesia  CNN  -- An Indonesian military transport plane crashed into a residential area in East Java early Wednesday , killing 98 people , military officials said . Soldiers search for victims at the plane 's crash site in East Java Wednesday . The death toll might rise , because the Air Force said 112 people were thought to be aboard when the Hercules transport plane crashed about 6:30 a.m. . The crash destroyed four homes and killed two people who lived in at least one of the homes , said Suwardi , the village leader of Karas in East Java . The plane had a crew of 14 people and was carrying an additional 98 passengers , Major Gen. Suwarno said . Watch the latest on the crash " At least 15 people from the flight had been rescued , according to Bambang Sulistyo , an Indonesian air force spokesman . Wahyu Nuryanto , a staff member at the Iswahyudi hospital in nearby Madiun , told local media that 19 people were brought to the hospital -- several with serious injuries , including multiple fractures . The 19 included air force personnel , family members of air force personnel , and civilians , Nuryanto said . Rescue crews Wednesday were evacuating the crash area where local media showed plumes of smoke billowing from a rice field and rescuers scrambling to move victims on makeshift stretchers . The crash comes a day after another Indonesian Hercules transport plane crashed on a runway after touching down early . No one was killed in that crash in Papua province .	NEW : Death toll climbs At least 15 people from the flight rescued , says major general The crash destroys four homes and kills two residents , says Karas village leader Indonesian military transport plane crashed into residential area in East Java
CNN  -- Arsenal 's hopes of winning the English Premier League title were dealt a severe blow as Arsene Wenger 's team conceded a heartbreaking 102nd-minute equalizer in a pulsating climax to Sunday 's 1-1 draw with Liverpool . Dutch striker Robin van Persie looked to have given the Gunners all three points , and closed the gap on leaders Manchester United to four points , with a penalty in the eighth minute of injury time at the Emirates Stadium . But with the last kick of the game , Van Persie 's compatriot Dirk Kuyt converted a spot-kick for Kenny Dalglish 's team to hand the visitors an extraordinary leveler in the 12th minute of time added on . The result left Arsenal six points behind Alex Ferguson 's team with only six matches left of the season , ahead of United 's trip to Newcastle on Tuesday and the Gunners ' London derby at Tottenham the following evening . Referee Andre Marriner allocated eight minutes of stoppage time after Liverpool defender Jamie Carragher received treatment on the field and was subsequently replaced following a clash of heads with young teammate John Flanagan . Liverpool also lost record signing Andy Carroll to a knee injury . Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger was unhappy that play was allowed to continue for so long . "  I feel hard done by in the end because the time was over by three minutes , " the Frenchman told reporters . "  But you have to take it and you continue to fight . Lucas played in an intelligent way . He stopped his run and the referee saw penalty , but what can you do about it ? " The draw dampened the Anfield club 's hopes of playing Europa League football next season . The Merseysiders are four points behind fifth-placed Tottenham , having played two more games than Harry Redknapp 's team . Arsenal escaped an early penalty appeal when Swiss defender Johan Djourou tussled with Jay Spearing on his return from a dislocated shoulder , but could have gone ahead after 16 minutes when Laurent Koscielny rattled the crossbar from captain Cesc Fabregas ' corner . In a match of few chances , the breakthrough finally arrived for Arsenal deep into injury time when Spearing tripped Fabregas as the Spain midfielder looked to dribble through the Liverpool rearguard . Van Persie stepped up to confidently dispatch the penalty for his 13th league goal of the campaign , sending goalkeeper Pepe Reina the wrong way , but Arsenal 's defensive frailty was once again exposed . Uruguay forward Luis Suarez saw his free-kick slam off the wall before Emmanuel Eboue inexplicably shoved Liverpool midfielder Lucas Leiva inside the box as the Brazilian looked to gather the loose ball . Just like his international teammate , Kuyt coolly slotted home to steal a point for Liverpool . Meanwhile , Stoke City will play Manchester City in the FA Cup final after a convincing 5-0 win over fellow Premier League side Bolton Wanderers at London 's Wembley Stadium on Sunday . Manchester City end United 's treble bid Stoke have never lifted the FA Cup in their 148-year history , but the four-time semifinalists booked their place in a first-ever final thanks to goals from Matthew Etherington , Robert Huth , Kenwyne Jones and a Jonathan Walters brace . Owen Coyle 's Bolton are four-time winners of the knockout competition , but the club 's hopes of a first victory since 1958 were extinguished by three first-half goals . Winger Etherington opened the scoring for Tony Pulis ' team after 11 minutes when he rifled home a 20-yard shot from Jermaine Pennant 's pass . Stoke doubled the lead seven minutes later when Germany defender Huth took advantage of a sloppy clearance from Gary Cahill to find the bottom corner from the edge of penalty area . It was 3-0 to the Staffordshire side after half an hour , when Trinidad and Tobago striker Jones provided a cool finish from another Pennant pass . Republic of Ireland international Walters claimed his first goal after 68 minutes when he ran from inside Stoke 's half before curling a wonderful finish beyond Bolton goalkeeper Jussi Jaaskelainen . The rout was complete with nine minutes remaining when Walters scuffed his shot over the veteran Finn from a Jones cross . Stoke will return to England 's national stadium on May 14 to face Roberto Mancini 's City , who beat archrivals Manchester United 1-0 on Saturday .	Arsenal concede a 102nd-minute equalizer in a 1-1 draw against Liverpool Robin van Persie had given Arsenal the lead in the 108th minute with a penalty Dirk Kuyt scored a spot-kick for Kenny Dalglish 's team in the 12th added minute Stoke City into the FA Cup final after a 5-0 win over Bolton Wanderers at Wembley
Philadelphia  CNN  -- A Roman Catholic priest in Philadelphia was arrested on allegations of sexually abusing a 10-year-old boy in 1997 , the city 's district attorney announced Friday . Andrew McCormick , 56 , has been charged with involuntary deviate sexual intercourse , statutory sexual assault , sexual assault , endangering the welfare of a child , corrupting the morals of a minor , indecent assault and indecent exposure in connection with the alleged 1997 incident , Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams announced Tuesday . "  He had a pattern of grooming altar boys and took several on trips to Poland , " Williams said . "  We suspect that there are other victims . I am very thankful the victim reported the crime directly to law enforcement . " McCormick befriended the former altar boy , now 25 , while he was a pastor St. John Cantius Church in Bridesburg , Pennsylvania , Williams said . The man alleged that the abuse occurred in the church rectory and involved one incident of "  sexual contact . " After the incident happened , the defendant tried to ensure that the victim would not tell anyone about the abuse by telling the boy , "  Masturbation is a sin , homosexuality is a sin , premarital sex is a sin and lying is a sin , " Williams said . "  I applaud the courage of this young man , " Williams said . "  This victim was also concerned for other victims . Victims need to come forward . " In December of 2011 the man reported the alleged incident to the police department 's Special Victims Unit after seeing news coverage of the sexual abuse scandals at Penn State and the Archdiocese of Philadelphia , said Police Capt. John Darby of the Special Victims Unit . "  It 's a theme that repeats itself . The victim hesitates because the individual is a person of authority , " Darby said . "  He was lectured by this individual  McCormick  and the victim personalized that . " A 2011 grand jury report led the Philadelphia District Attorney 's Office to criminally charge four Philadelphia priests and a parochial school teacher with raping and assaulting boys in their care , while Monsignor William Lynn was accused of allowing the abusive priests to have access to children . Lynn , 61 , was found guilty in June of one count of child endangerment , a third-degree felony , the first time a U.S. church leader has been convicted on such a charge . He was given just under the maximum sentence he faced , which was three-and-a-half to seven years in prison . Ordained in 1982 , McCormick was one 21 priests placed on administrative leave by the Archdiocese of Philadelphia in March of 2011 in response to the grand jury report . His most recent post was Sacred Heart Parish in Swedesburg , Pennsylvania , from 2004 to 2011 . As a result of the administrative leave , McCormick has not been permitted to exercise his public ministry , administer any of the sacraments , or present himself publicly as a priest , according to the Archdiocese of Philadelphia . McCormick was arrested Thursday night after he was taken into custody outside of Philadelphia , where he was living with his parents . He was arraigned Friday afternoon and is being held on $ 150,000 bail . The court took away his passport and he is not allowed contact with the victim , or with children or youth involved with the ministry , volunteer work or any charities , according to the district attorney 's office . McCormick is scheduled for a preliminary hearing on August 17 .	Andrew McCormick "  had a pattern of grooming altar boys , " the DA says A man alleges that he was abused in the church rectory McCormick has been suspended since a 2011 grand jury report
Editor 's note : How would you rate President Obama 's first 100 days ? You 'll get a chance to make your opinion known on at 7 p.m. ET Wednesday on the CNN National Report Card . Franklin D. Roosevelt had an ambitious first 100 days , CNN 's Bill Schneider says . WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Senior White House adviser David Axelrod has called the 100-day benchmark an "  odd custom , the journalistic equivalent of the Hallmark holiday . " But where did the notion of a president 's "  First 100 Days " originate ? With Franklin D. Roosevelt , another president who took office at a time of dire economic crisis . Roosevelt used his first 100 days to launch the New Deal , his plan to jumpstart the economy and put people back to work . Democrats had just won huge majorities in Congress and were ready to do the president 's bidding . But , should Congress fail to act , Roosevelt would ask for "  broad executive power to wage a war against the emergency , as great as the power that would be given to me if we were , in fact , invaded by a foreign foe , " he warned in his inaugural address . Watch what FDR 's First 100 Days were like " Congress gave Roosevelt nearly nearly everything he wanted -- 15 major bills in the first 100 days , including the Emergency Banking Relief Act , the Public Works Administration , the Civilian Conservation Corps , the Tennessee Valley Authority , the National Industrial Recovery Act and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation . Congress also approved the Beer-Wine Revenue Act that anticipated the end of Prohibition . A White House adviser remarked that members of Congress had forgotten to be Republicans or Democrats . Comedian Will Rogers joked at the time that , "  Congress does n't pass legislation any more . They just wave at the bills as they go by . " Nothing since has equaled FDR 's first 100 days . But as Obama nears the symbolic benchmark , he may have had the boldest 100-day agenda since FDR . Still , Congress has passed only a few major bills , including the $ 787 billion economic stimulus package , the public lands preservation bill and an expansion of children 's health insurance . So what has changed ? Presidents can no longer count on the kind of bipartisan cooperation FDR got in 1933 -- even at a time of crisis .	Franklin Roosevelt used his first 100 days to launch the New Deal Roosevelt , like President Obama , took office during an economic crisis Roosevelt quickly acted on 15 major bills Obama has bold agenda , but little legislation to show for it
CNN  -- Abortion is banned in Ireland , a historically devout Catholic country . Come Wednesday , that may change a little . Dublin lawmakers will vote on a bill that will permit a woman to terminate a pregnancy if it poses a threat to her own life , including if she is contemplating suicide . It 's the last stipulation that has raised the ire of conservative lawmakers and religious citizens . Catholic leaders have called it a ` Trojan horse ' leading to easy abortion access . But abortion rights proponents have said it will still be difficult for women to access the procedure , and passing the law will help stem the flow of Irish women traveling to Britain to terminate unwanted pregnancies . Woman 's death in Ireland abortion case ruled ` medical misadventure ' It is about "  saving lives " when pregnant women are in danger , Prime Minister Enda Kenny has said . He said it wo n't change Ireland 's general ban on abortion . His government wants the legislation , the Protection of Life during Pregnancy Bill 2013 , to become law before the summer recess at the end of this month . Read more : Husband testifies his wife died after abortion was denied in Ireland Members of parliament will discuss the bill , which has led to heated public debates , before taking a vote Wednesday . They have allowed 12 hours for arguments before the mandatory voting deadline comes at 10 p.m. local time  5 p.m. ET  . Kenny has acknowledged how uncomfortable the proposal may be in the majority Roman Catholic country . "  This is an issue that has been very divisive and contentious for over 30 years , " he said . "  It 's also an issue that is complex and sensitive , about which many Irish people have sincere and strongly held views . " "  This is about women , it is about saving lives -- the life of the mother and the life of the unborn . " He is calling on the population and lawmakers to have compassion on both . Opinion : If Ireland had abortion rights	A bill would permit a woman to terminate a pregnancy if it threatens her life It includes a provision for women who are suicidal during pregnancy Conservative and Catholic critics say this opens doors to abortion access Prime minister says it 's a compassionate measure
Carol Malone never knew her father . She was born in 1942 , and her father , U.S. Army Sgt. Victor J. Hubany , was killed in 1944 , before he 'd been home from war to meet his little girl . She used to watch hours of World War II footage , looking for a glimpse of him . "  I do n't even know if he ever saw pictures of me , " said Malone , now 70 . But eight years ago , she made her first-ever trip to visit his gravesite -- in Belgium , his final resting place after battles throughout Europe , including the liberation of Paris . He 's just one American fighter whose remains lie in foreign fields , a soldier whose sacrifice is forever commemorated in one of the 24 permanent American burial grounds outside the United States . "  It brought me some peace in my soul . Up until then , I only heard ` You were young then . Your father never came home , ' " Malone said . "  But I do n't think I understood until now , at my age now , that he was someone who fought and died . "  When I stood next to his grave , that was the closest I ever was to him , and it was just great . " iReport : Share your story , honor a veteran About 125,000 U.S. war dead are buried in these overseas resting places . The cemeteries are maintained by the Arlington , Virginia-based American Battle Monuments Commission , which also maintains memorials in New York 's Battery Park , San Francisco 's Presidio and its newest memorial , the Vietnam Pavilions at the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific in Honolulu , set to be dedicated on Veterans Day . The battle monuments commission was created by Congress in 1923 . Foreign cemeteries for American military members existed earlier , but most conflicts before then were fought at home or incurred fewer casualties . Veterans in Focus : Celebrating service World War I changed everything . "  Given the number of those killed on all sides , the U.S. did not know what do to . How can you bring this many over ? But they also had to figure out a way to commemorate why these men died , their sacrifice , " said Tim Nosal , the commission 's director of public affairs . "  The idea was , if we establish cemeteries , the soldiers and sailors become the monument . " Daughter faces demons of father 's war Among the first cemeteries was Meuse-Argonne in France , containing more than 14,000 American military dead , the largest number interred in a single place in Europe . Today , the overseas cemeteries are visited by family members and history buffs . Many are located near major tourist centers around Europe , although "  they were n't necessarily located because something was popular or beautiful but because something happened with specific meaning , " Nosal said . Soldier reunites families , Purple Hearts Families of deceased World War I soldiers were given choices regarding their loved ones ' remains . Among them were burial in these overseas cemeteries with perpetual care ; return to the United States to a national cemetery or to a family grave site ; or sending the remains anywhere in the world , with the family responsible for funeral costs . About 20 % of families chose overseas cemeteries . "  They took so many casualties , we decided it was hallowed ground , " Nosal said , referring to Meuse-Argonne , adding , "  when you leave the cemetery you are literally walking in trenches of the war . " The military repeated the program for World War II , leading to the creation of the battle monument commission 's best-known cemetery , Normandy , which appeared in the closing scene of the movie "  Saving Private Ryan . " Legislation in 1947 put World War II cemeteries in the commission 's care , as well . "  The Normandy campaign is so important for the world and for the United States and its history . This is why it so resonates with people , " Nosal said . "  If you think about it , this was the first time the U.S. was leading an Allied force , so it propelled the U.S. into a superpower . This is the beginning of the end for World War II . Hitler would be gone within 11 months . " France has 11 American cemeteries , the most of any other country . Belgium has three , the United Kingdom and Italy , two , Luxembourg and the Netherlands , one . 4 must-sees for military buffs A few exist outside Europe and some have passed into the battle monument commission 's stewardship , such as the oldest , Mexico City National Cemetery . It dates from 1847 and is the burial site of nearly 750 unidentified American soldiers killed in the Mexican-American War , and later from the U.S. Civil War and Spanish-American War . Another cemetery in Panama dates from 1914 with remains of soldiers and others from Panama Canal construction and conflicts . Manila American Cemetery and Memorial in the Philippines is the largest of the overseas cemeteries , with more than 17,000 Americans , marking World War II 's Pacific Theatre . Another in Tunisia holds remains from World War II 's North Africa battles . Even earlier battles the U.S. fought in North Africa along with those in Mexico are reflected in a line from the Marines ' Hymn : "  From the Halls of Montezuma to the Shores of Tripoli . " By the Korean War , Nosal said , there was "  a conscious decision to return all the remains back home , " with technological advances speeding the process . A new overseas memorial -- not a cemetery -- will open next year in Busan , South Korea , in the United Nations Memorial Cemetery and Peace Park . Various travel companies bring Americans to these cemeteries and other war sites . Vietnam veteran Butch Sincock , president of Pennsylvania 's MilSpec Tours , believes showing them to a new generation is important . Even if veterans themselves are n't able to go , those close to them can ; some of his European tours have included family members of George C. Marshall , an architect of the post-war plan to rebuild Europe . "  World War II vets are literally dying out , unfortunately , " Sincock said , "  but some of their adult children are taking interest . " Carol Malone 's son , Bruce , is superintendent of the commission 's Rhne Cemetery in France . Himself a military veteran , he said "  it is an emotional event to visit , but we also show the families the level of care we take for these beautiful memorials . That helps sometimes , that their families , these soldiers are being taken care of very well . It also helps to put into context what happened where they died , and what they were fighting for . " Bruce Malone first learned at age 12 that his grandfather was buried in Belgium after he was killed in 1944 . The knowledge "  sparked a love of military history ever since . I can understand what it means to the family to have a relative who never came home . " It was his research that inspired his mother to visit the overseas cemetery on Memorial Day 2004 . She weeps now to remember it . "  All you see is row after row of white crosses , " Carol Malone said . "  You just stand there and you are speechless . You ca n't imagine until you see it in person , I always think how many gave their lives . " As overwhelming to her was the love locals showed the cemetery . "  One thing I will never forget , the hundreds of people at the memorial , " she said . "  The Belgian people are so thankful now . There is a group that has adopted my father 's grave . They put out flowers and visit my father 's grave . " Young Americans might benefit most from a visit , Carol Malone said . "  I do n't think it would have been a free country had these men and women not gone over and fought , " she said . "  We would be living a different life and these young people need to see this . " Opinion : Every day should be Veterans Day	About 125,000 U.S. war dead are buried in American cemeteries overseas The American Battle Monuments Commission maintains 24 American burial ground abroad The commission was created in 1923 following massive casualties in World War I
Next month , U.S. President Barack Obama will become the first sitting American president to visit Myanmar , the strongest endorsement yet of the country 's efforts to tread a path to democracy . Much has changed in a year since U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton made a historic visit to the country in December 2011 . CNN was also invited to enter Myanmar , also known as Burma , for the first time in years . With an official journalist visa stamped in our passport , we and other media invited for Clinton 's visit , knew this was a big change for a country that has repelled any kind of scrutiny for half a century . Q&A : What 's behind sectarian violence in Myanmar ? Obama 's visit will come at a time when Myanmar is in the news again but not for the right reasons . Violence between Rohingya Muslims and local Buddhists continues in Rakhine state in the west of the country . The United Nations says at least 89 people have been killed in the past two weeks and 110,000 are displaced . Some aid organizations are questioning whether now is the right time for Obama to add legitimacy to the government of President Thein Sein . But there 's no denying a lot has changed in the past year and a half . Read more : Aung San Suu Kyi has "  soft spot " for the military generals So far , a quasi-civilian government has been sworn in , although the military still holds great sway . Hundreds of political prisoners have been released , ceasefires have been signed between the government and some but not all ethnic groups . Political and economic reform is well underway . Another change that did n't make headlines but has been clear to us during numerous trips over that 12-month period is the attitude of the Burmese people . Last year , very few people would speak to us on camera or in some cases even off-camera for fear of retribution . Decades of brutal military rule turned freedom of speech into a luxury most could not afford . Aung San Suu Kyi : Peaceful freedom fighter But just four months later , during a bi-election in which the freed opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi and her party won almost all seats , caution was thrown to the wind and celebrations were passionate and unrestrained . Thousands of jubilant Suu Kyi supporters spilled into the street , holding posters of the woman who had spent much of the past two decades under house arrest -- these were scenes which just a couple of years earlier would have ended in arrest and imprisonment . U Myint Maung , a man from Yangon , had a simple explanation of the election . "  The people were living in prison . Aung San Suu Kyi held the key to open the door , " he said . We , as journalists , were welcomed and thanked on the streets as if the fact we were there documenting these changes meant they could never be reversed . Read more : Myanmar eases restrictions on news organizations But not one person we spoke to over many months said their lives had physically improved . They were more hopeful and believed democracy was now possible but they were still struggling to survive . Daily life is hard for many Burmese . A country that was one of the richest in Asia 50 years ago is now one of the poorest . Authorities are struggling to shore up institutions and update laws to protect people and resources from hungry international investors snapping at Myanmar 's heels . The ethnic unrest in Rahkine state has tested the efforts of President Thein Sein 's administration to seek reconciliation with Myanmar 's different ethnic groups . There 's no doubt that some changes in Myanmar have been swift and Sein deserves the international praise he is receiving . But the transformation from pariah to ally is not complete and the skeptics among us worry it could yet stumble .	President Obama will become first sitting U.S. president to visit Myanmar U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton visited country in December 2011 Uncertainty remains for Myanmar as ethnic violence continues in Rakhine state
The New York Times ' website and mobile apps went down for more than three hours Wednesday , the apparent result of an "  internal issue , " according to the company . "  The outage occurred within seconds of a scheduled maintenance update , which we believe was the cause , " Times spokeswoman Eileen Murphy said Wednesday afternoon . "  We are in the process of fully restoring access to the site . " The site went down sometime after 10 a.m. ET . The outage appeared to be lifting shortly after 1 p.m. , when the site became accessible again to many users . "  We believe the outage is the result of an internal issue , which we expect to be resolved soon , " Murphy , vice president of communications for the newspaper , tweeted at 12:47 p.m. ET . "  The New York Times Web site is experiencing technical difficulties , " the paper wrote earlier on its main Twitter feed . "  We expect to be back up shortly . " On Twitter and other social media , people were reacting to the outage , sometimes with humor . "  NYTimes.com is down , " tweeted Renda Morton , a designer at the paper . "  Luckily we printed it out for you last night . $ 2 . " "  The NYTimes Website right now has taken the need for "  more white space " a little too literally , " tweeted Nick Bilton , a New York Times technology columnist . It was not immediately clear Wednesday what caused the problem . During the outage , the Times was posting text versions of its top stories , including coverage of violence in Egypt , on its Facebook page . The Times has been targeted by hackers in the past . The newspaper announced in January that Chinese hackers had carried out sustained attacks on its computer systems .	New York Times website , apps were down Wednesday The outage had lasted more than two hours Paper says outage coincided with routine maintenance
CNN  -- Fashion season is once again upon us . Celebrities , trendsetters and buyers across the world will adorn the front rows of countless runways as the sartorially elite reveal their style edicts for the season ahead . But what is it like to rub shoulders with fashion 's finest ? Over the next week , CNN 's African Voices is teaming up with Ethiopian supermodel , designer and maternal health advocate Liya Kebede to offer an exclusive insight into her multi-faceted world . Kebede will post a daily diary of her life on Instagram showing us mere mortals the events she attends , meetings she 's involved in while reflecting on how her roots have shaped the woman she is today . Then we 'll gather the diary together and release it in interactive form next week . But if you ca n't wait until then , follow Kebede throughout the week via the hashtag #CNNAfrica on Instagram and Twitter . Who is Liya Kebede ? Born in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia in 1978 , Kebede had been attending the French Lycee when she was scouted by a French film director and so began her rise to the top . Upon finishing her education , she joined a Parisian modeling agency before moving to Chicago and then New York . When she hit the Big Apple , there was no turning back . In the fall of 2000 , the multi-talented designer and future director Tom Ford handpicked Kebede to walk the catwalk for his autumn/winter Gucci collection . It was the big break Kebede had been waiting for . A year later , she would sit for prolific photographer Patrick Demarchelier for Harper 's Bazaar , feature as cover girl on numerous fashionista bibles including Vogue and tread the runways for Chanel , Dolce and Gabbana , Burberry and Fendi , to name a few . Despite the supermodel success , Kebede has never forgotten where she came from . When an opportunity arose to launch her own fashion line , Lemlem -- meaning "  to flourish or bloom " in Amharic -- in 2007 , Kebede drew inspiration from her native land . She embraced the traditional hand-woven style from back home , in the hope of offering employment and business opportunities for the country 's long-established weavers , and incorporated it into her collections . Returning to her roots Kebede also works tirelessly to put a spotlight on the needs of millions of mothers and newborns in Ethiopia through her philanthropy , The Liya Kebede Foundation , launched in 2005 alongside her appointment as a World Health Organization goodwill ambassador , a role she held until 2011 . The Foundation supports training , and education about safe birth delivery services with the aim to substantially reduce preventable deaths in communities like the ones she grew up near . . As a mother of two , it 's a cause close to her heart . "  When I went back to Ethiopia , I wanted to do something . I wanted to give back , " Kebede previously told CNN , "  Here we are today . But in a hundred years how do you want the world to be ? Everybody should get together to make the world a better place . " A supermodel , businesswoman , philanthropist , activist and mother -- that 's a lot of hats and Kebede will show us just how she manages to do it all .	Liya Kebede is an Ethiopian supermodel scouted in Addis Ababa while at school Her big break came when she was selected by Tom Ford to walk his A/W Gucci line in 2000 In 2007 she launched her own fashion label which provides business growth in Ethiopia "  When I went back to Ethiopia , I wanted to do something . I wanted to give back "
CNN  -- Vimlendu Jha is a natural leader . Just watch him in action . Born in Bihar state in north-eastern India , 27 year-old Vimlendu founded , and now runs the organization Swechha - We for Change Foundation . It started out as his cause-celebre a few years back as he was about to graduate from university in New Delhi . Vimlendu says he was disgusted with the pitiful condition of the river Yamuna , considered the sprawling city 's lifeline . The Yamuna , which originates in the Himalayas and winds its way past the Taj Mahal , accounts for more than 70 percent of New Delhi 's water supply . Yet it is one of the most endangered waterways in India . Vimlendu decided to do something about it . "  Swechha works with young people on issues of environment and citizenship , " he says . "  Round the year you 'll see me travel to different places outside Delhi , engage with young people ...  there will be  a lot of change-making that will happen in my story . I promise you that . " This story promises to be rich in sound and pictures as well . Keep in mind , Vimlendu is not your average environmentalist . We challenge you to judge for yourself whether he and his organization are making a difference as Be the Change gets under way . Vimlendu lives and works in New Delhi . E-mail to a friend	Vimlendu Jha will be reporting on his experiences in New Delhi , India He founded and runs the organization Swechha - We for Change Foundation Swechha works with young people on issues of environment and citizenship
CNN  -- Manchester United 's Brazilian midfielder Anderson has been involved in a serious car accident in Portugal -- the English Premier League club have reported on their official website . The 22-year-old spent several hours in hospital after the accident in Braga in the early hours of Sunday morning . Anderson , who is currently recuperating from a serious knee injury , was reported to have been pulled unconscious from his Audi R8 vehicle shortly before it exploded . The United website also reported that the crash is now subject to a police investigation . The crash occurred at 7am when the car came off the road and hit a farm wall before entering a field . Two other people , a man and a woman , were also in the car along with Anderson and all three were treated for whiplash , concussion and shock .	Brazilian midfielder Anderson has been involved in a serious car accident in Portugal The Manchester United star was pulled unconscious from his Audi before it exploded The 22-year-old spent several hours in hospital following the accident in Braga The crash occurred at 7am on Sunday morning when his car came off the road
CNN  -- While his jockey starved himself to make the weight limit , one of horse racing 's new stars delivered the goods again despite piling on the pounds . Australia , a three-year-old trained by champion Aidan O'Brien , romped to his fifth win in seven starts on Wednesday to add another notable victory to his resume . The chestnut colt with an impeccable bloodline fueled speculation that he could become the next Frankel or Black Caviar by making light work of his return to action at the Juddmonte International Stakes at York . He comfortably claimed the $ 750,000 first prize at the English venue 's richest race of the season -- the same one where in 2012 Frankel won a record eighth consecutive Group One event . It was Australia 's first run since late June , when he won the Irish Derby to add to his victory at the Epsom Derby earlier that month . "  He was ready for a racecourse gallop , that was where he was at , " said O'Brien told reporters . "  His weight rose alarmingly in the last three weeks but the lads at home were very happy . He was a lot of kilos up on his Derby run -- he was 15-20 kilos heavier -- and that 's a lot of weight . O'Brien 's 21-year-old son Joseph -- who won the York race last year on Declaration of War -- had to drop considerable weight to continue his regular ride on Australia . "  I ca n't tell you the massive part Joseph plays , " his father said . "  He can do 8 stone 12 pounds  56 kg  but we do n't like him doing it . "  We 're quite happy for him to put overweight up when he does . In the big days we want Joseph to be on and this is one of them . " Australia 's physical development since the prestigious Epsom win was remarkable , according to O'Brien . "  Joseph said that leaving the paddock in the Derby he felt like he was a two - or three-year-old , but today leaving he felt like a five-year-old , " he said . "  There 's such prize-money here and it 's such a prestigious race that it 's very hard to gallop him at a racecourse rather than bring him here . " Next up , the O'Briens will likely return to their homeland with Australia for the Irish Champion Stakes at Leopardstown on September 13 , where the trainer has a leading seven career wins . "  The more we trained him when he came back , the heavier he got , and I 'd imagine the run will leave him right , " the 44-year-old said . "  I 'll speak to the lads but hopefully he will go to Leopardstown . I 'd love him to go there and get him back to Ireland . " Australia was sired by Galileo , who also won the Epsom Derby , Irish Derby and Irish Champion Stakes , while his mother is a two-time European Horse of the Year . He was ranked 10th in the Longines World 's Best Racehorse list ahead of Wednesday 's victory , with a rating of 123 . Galileo , meanwhile , sired the top-three finishers at the International Stakes , with The Grey Gatsby second ahead of Telescope . Frankel , who retired unbeaten in 14 races in late 2012 , was the world 's top-ranked racehorse with a rating of 140 -- considered the best of all time . Champion Australian sprinter Black Caviar then took over from Frankel at the top last year before retiring undefeated in 25 races .	Australia wins third consecutive race at Juddmonte International Stakes Colt had put on "  15-20 kilos " after his Irish Derby triumph in June Trainer Aidan O'Brien is now targeting Irish Champion Stakes next month His jockey son Joseph has now ridden winner at York event two years in a row
Ashoka Mukpo had seen the horrible things Ebola can do . A little boy dying in a car 's back seat . An old woman writhing in the street . Desperate people waiting at home for ambulances that never came . The suffering they experienced was unimaginable -- until he felt it himself . Mukpo was a day into working in Liberia as a freelance cameraman for NBC when he first fell ill from what turned out to be Ebola . He tested positive for the virus in that West African country , before being flown to Nebraska Medical Center back in the United States . He suffered , but survived . After it all , he finally fully grasped the plight of those he 'd seen outside treatment centers in Liberia , too weak to move . "  They were just laying out on the ground , in the gravel , in the sun , and I used to look at them and say , ` My God , you ca n't sit up at least ? ' " Mukpo told CNN 's Don Lemon on Wednesday from his native Rhode Island . "  And then once I was sick , I completely understood . You just have absolutely no energy . To walk three feet feels like you just ran a marathon . " Like anyone else , Mukpo had been sick before . And this time around , he had body aches , chills and a fever up to 104 degrees . "  But  the symptoms  were so pronounced and so much more intense than anything that you 're likely to get with the flu , " he said . "  Ebola  is definitely different . " Ebola survivor : Christie is ` playing politics ' A Buddhist , an activist , a journalist Thankfully , things are different now for Mukpo . On October 21 , he tweeted that he 'd tested negative for Ebola for three straight days . That meant he could finally leave the hospital and go home . "  The knowledge that there 's no more virus in my blood is a profound relief , " Mukpo wrote . "  I 'm so lucky . Wish everyone who got sick could feel this . " For a 33-year-old , Mukpo has seen a lot . A graduate of Georgetown and the London School of Economics , he worked for years with the advocacy group , Human Rights Watch . He 's a proud Buddhist who , according to a 2009 documentary , took the honorary title among Tibetan Buddhists of Tulku . "  I still think I can be of some kind of benefit to somebody , " he said then . "  And that 's , I think , what being a Buddhist is about . " Mukpo had an especially deep connection with Liberia , having worked for two years there for the nonprofit Sustainable Development Institute . So when the Ebola crisis hit there and in two neighboring West African nations , he felt compelled to act . "  He ... really made a strong connection to the Liberian people , and ... wanted to go back and see if he could make a difference , " his father , Dr. Mitchell Levy , said earlier this month . His contributions in spreading Liberians ' stories date back to July , in a piece for VICE News entitled , "  Why do n't West Africans believe Ebola is real ? " More stories for that news organization and others , including Al-Jazeera , followed through September 30 , when he was hired by NBC . Lauds health care workers as ` heroes ' The next day , Mukpo started feeling achy and tired , after which he put himself under quarantine . Tests at a Doctors Without Borders facility the next day confirmed the worst : that he had Ebola . His parents said they believe he got the disease while cleaning out a car in Liberia where someone had gotten sick . Mukpo recalled a Doctors Without Borders doctor putting an IV in his arm in Africa , then bleeding profusely "  because Ebola thins your blood out . " "  They 're so brave and such heroes , " he said of this and other health care workers who tended for him . "  I could see that they were afraid , but they were willing to take that risk for me to ... help me survive . " More help came with his arrival , days later , in the United States . He went straight into strict isolation , unable to see his family and with all those helping him dressed head-to-toe in protective gear . Asked by CNN 's Lemon about not having human contact while in treatment , Mukpo said he did n't know what that "  would have done for me at that point . " "  I needed my own strength so much that , to be touched and cared for , I 'm not even sure I would have wanted that , " he said . " ... I was so scared and sick that I think I needed to be in some kind of bubble . " Mukpo got more help from someone who 'd suffered like him : Dr. Kent Brantly , an American doctor who also contracted Ebola in Liberia . A day after getting a blood transfusion from Brantly , Mukpo said he "  started to feel better " with less of a headache and more energy . Now , Mukpo wants to return the favor to someone else with Ebola . "  I ca n't give blood for another two weeks , I think , " he said , explaining that his antibody count is n't strong enough yet to be useful . "  But I want to say that Kent Brantly is a hero of mine for what he did ... "  I hope that , when my number gets called , that I have that same courage . " Maine , nurse at odds over Ebola quarantine	Ashoka Mukpo fell ill in Liberia in early October , after being hired by NBC He recalls bleeding , having a high fever , having "  absolutely no energy " Mukpo is now Ebola-free after being treated at Nebraska Medical Center
CNN  -- David Nalbandian shocked the tennis world and prompted a police investigation with his act of frustration at Queen 's Club on Sunday , inadvertently injuring a line judge by kicking out at an advertising board . The Argentine was disqualified from the final against Marin Cilic , fined $ 12,500 and forfeited all the prize money he earned at the Wimbledon warmup event . He could face further punishment after London 's Metropolitan Police Service announced it was investigating an alleged assault . But Nalbandian is not the first tennis star to lose his cool on court , with a number of his peers also lashing out when the pressure is on . In the gallery above , CNN looks back through the years to unearth the 10 most extreme examples of tennis tantrums . From angry Americans , raging Russians , bolshy Brits and surly Serbians , on-court etiquette is not always what it should be in men 's and women 's professional ranks . Post your favorite tennis indiscretions in the comments box below .	David Nalbandian disqualified and fined after kicking out in Queen 's final The Argentine could also face police action after an assault investigation was launched John McEnroe launched his famous "  You can not be serious ! " tirade at Wimbledon in 1981 Briton Tim Henman disqualified in 1995 for striking a ball girl with an angry shot
Cairo  CNN  -- Former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak could be executed if he is convicted of ordering the killing of protesters , Egypt 's justice minister says . "  One of the charges he is facing is complicity in the killing of martyrs and issuing the orders for premeditated the killing of those people , " said Justice Minister Mohamed Abdelaziz al-Juindy . "  This is a charge with a harsh punishment -- the death penalty . " In his first television interview since taking office , the new justice minister said last week that Egyptian courts would not shy away from sentencing Mubarak to death if he is found guilty . "  If the crime is proven , then the court will not hesitate to issue the death sentence , " he said . "  A judge may have mercy if there is a reason for that , but I do n't think in this case there is any argument for clemency whatsoever , " the minister added , calling it "  a horrible crime , to kill 800 citizens who were asking for their rights and hoping to topple a corrupt regime that caused the ruin of Egypt . " Mubarak resigned in the face of popular protests in February after more than 30 years in power . He has been in poor health and living in the southern Egyptian resort of Sharm el-Sheikh since then . Prosecutors last month shelved plans to move him to a military hospital in Cairo , saying Mubarak 's doctors said the transfer could be life-threatening . Adel Saeed , the prosecutor 's spokesman , said April 26 that the Interior Ministry made the decision after Mubarak 's medical team submitted a report that determined he would be at risk if he were moved . But Justice Minister al-Juindy said Mubarak 's health was "  good , " according to reports he had received . Mubarak "  suffers some heart irregularities known as atrial fibrillation , but his pulse and pressure are fine . His heart rate is 65 per minute , which is considered like an athlete , " the official said . "  Of course he 's facing questioning for the first time in his life , so this is affecting him psychologically , " the minister added . He will be required to appear in court when the time comes , al-Juindy said . "  His appearance in court will be mandatory , " he said . If Mubarak is too sick to appear , "  in this case , the prosecutor visits him , and this is a procedure we follow with any sick suspect . The suspect must be given a chance to put forward his defense , so that the trial can be fair . " He is also being probed on allegations of corruption and misuse of state funds . "  There are reports that the former president 's wealth is in the billions , and indeed it is billions , " the justice minister asserted . So far "  we ca n't ascertain the exact amount , but the investigation is underway , " he said . Mubarak 's trial will show that the rule of law is supreme in the country , al-Juindy said . "  The law is respected in Egypt and is applied on everyone without any exception , " he said . "  This is very important because Egypt now has become a country were the law is sovereign . "	Egypt 's former president is accused of ordering protesters shot The crime carries the death penalty , and courts will not hesitate to use it , Egypt 's justice minister says Hosni Mubarak is in good health , the minister says Mubarak was forced from office by protesters after more than 30 years in power
An Indian court sentenced four men to death Friday for the rape and murder of a 23-year-old woman in New Delhi , an attack that appalled the South Asian nation . Announcing the sentence , Judge Yogesh Khanna said the crime "  shocked the collective conscience " of India and fell into the "  rarest of rare category " that deserves capital punishment . "  In these times when crimes against women are on the rise , the court can not turn a blind eye to this gruesome act , " he said . One of the convicted men , Vinay Sharma , broke down in tears and cried loudly as the judge spoke . Prosecutors had asked for the death penalty for the men , citing the "  extreme brutality " of the attack , which took place on a moving bus in December . They had also argued the court needed to send a message to Indian society with its judgment . Opinion : Where have India 's females gone ? Anger about the deadly assault has had a widespread impact in India . It set off demonstrations , started a debate about women 's treatment in Indian society and prompted the introduction of tougher punishments for sexual abuse . "  We are very happy . Justice has been delivered , " said the father of the victim , whose name was withheld under Indian law . Calls for the men to be executed had come from the victim 's family members , high-profile politicians and many other Indians . The announcement of the sentence was met with cheering from hundreds of protesters outside the court . Posters and banners held by those in the crowd read "  hang the rapists " and "  a woman 's life is the foundation , do not defile it . " Indian Home Minister Sushilkumar Shinde said his initial reaction was that "  justice was given to that girl and family . " Defense attorneys had urged the judge to show leniency and sentence the men to life in prison , saying the death penalty should be the exception , not the rule . As the judge announced the death sentence , defense lawyer A.P. Singh shouted , "  This is not the victory of truth . But it is the defeat of justice . " A shocking attack The brutality of the New Delhi attack , as described by police and prosecutors , helped stir the strong emotions surrounding the case . On the evening of December 16 , the victim , a 23-year-old physiotherapy student , had gone to see the movie "  The Life of Pi " with a male friend at a New Delhi mall . During their journey home , they boarded a bus at a major intersection in upmarket South Delhi . The driver and at least five other men on the bus were drunk and looking for a "  joy ride , " police said . The men , from a poverty-ridden slum on the outskirts of Delhi , dragged the woman to the back of the bus and beat up her male friend . Police said the men took turns raping the woman , using an iron rod to violate her as the bus drove around the city for almost an hour . When they had finished , they dumped the two victims by the side of the road . The woman 's injuries were so severe that some internal organs had to be removed . She died two weeks later at a hospital in Singapore . Four found guilty After a trial that lasted about seven months , the Delhi court Tuesday convicted four of the men -- ages 19 to 28 -- of murder , rape and kidnapping . The victim 's parents had tears in their eyes as the judge read the verdict in which he said the men had been found guilty of "  committing the murder of a helpless victim . " Her brother wiped a tear from his cheek . The four men -- Sharma , Akshay Thakur , Pawan Gupta and Mukesh Singh -- will appeal the verdict , their attorneys said . Opinion : Victims blamed in India 's rape culture Human rights groups criticized the decision to impose capital punishment . "  The rape and murder of the young woman in Delhi last year was a horrific crime , and our deepest sympathy goes out to the victim 's family . Those responsible must be punished , but the death penalty is never the answer , " said Tara Rao , director of Amnesty International India . "  Sending these four men to the gallows will accomplish nothing except short-term revenge . " Rao said there is "  no evidence that the death penalty is a particular deterrent to crime , and its use will not eradicate violence against women in India . " Death sentences issued by Indian courts have rarely been carried out in the past decade . No state executions took place between 2004 and late 2012 , when the last surviving gunman from the 2008 terrorist attacks in Mumbai was hanged . But human rights advocates have said they fear India 's stance on executions has changed . "  In the past year , India has made a full-scale retreat from its previous principled rejection of the death penalty , " Meenakshi Ganguly , South Asia director at Human Rights Watch , said last month . Two others accused The fate of two others accused in the case had been determined before this week . One man , Ram Singh , 35 , was found dead in his jail cell in March . Authorities said he had hanged himself , but his family said he had been murdered . A juvenile court convicted a teenage boy on August 31 for his part in the gang rape , sentencing him to three years in a special juvenile correctional facility . His trial was in juvenile court because he was 17 at the time of the crime , and the sentence is the maximum allowed under the court 's rules . Many Indians , including the victim 's family , expressed dissatisfaction with the sentence . The same crowd outside the courthouse that cheered Friday 's death sentence for the four adults turned their ire on the juvenile . The crowd chanted , "  Hang the juvenile . " A lawyer for the victim 's family said they would go to India 's top court to contest the youth 's sentence . A rape every 22 minutes As in many countries , rape is a grimly frequent occurrence in India . According to Indian government statistics , a woman is raped every 22 minutes on average . But the New Delhi attack seized the country 's attention . Advocates criticized the world 's largest democracy for failing to protect half of its population . Protesters demanded better treatment of women and decried the apathy of police and the judicial system . Men respond to rape crisis The government passed tougher anti-rape laws , introducing the death penalty for repeat offenders , and imprisonment for acid attacks , human trafficking and stalking . But some Indians said that while the laws on crimes against women have changed , mindsets and enforcement have been slower to adjust . ` Take it to the source ' Government figures show the number of women reporting rapes has risen significantly since the New Delhi attack and the heavy scrutiny that followed it . Observers said it indicates women who are victims of sexual attacks feel more emboldened to come forward than they did before . Meet India 's Red Brigade : Teens fighting back against rape Prosecution of such crimes has improved , said Kiran Bedi , a human rights activist and former Indian police officer . But it will take a heavy emphasis on the family and school environments to resolve the problem in the long run , Bedi said . "  You ca n't just begin and end with the police and the prosecution and the courts , " she said . "  You have to go backward and take it to the source . " India grapples with rape and sexual violence	"  Justice has been delivered , " the victim 's father says People outside the court cheer and clap after the sentencing The judge says the attack "  shocked the collective conscience " of India A court found the men guilty of gang raping a woman on a bus ; she later died
BASLE , Switzerland  CNN  -- Russia joined Germany and Turkey in the semifinals of Euro 2008 with a 3-1 upset win over the Netherlands after extra time in Basle on Saturday night . Roman Pavlyuchenko scored the Russian opener in Basle . Goals in the second half of added time from substitute Dmitri Torbinski and the magical Andrei Arshavin capped a triumphant night for the Russians . Roman Pavlyuchenko put Guus Hiddink 's men ahead in the the 56th minute and they looked to be going through in normal time until Ruud van Nistelrooy stole an 86th minute equalizer for the Dutch . Hiddink 's men will face either Italy or Spain in the last four after confounding the form book to put out the Dutch . Marco van Basten 's team had gone into the quarterfinal match off the back of three convincing victories , but failed to reproduce their captivating football of the group stages and could have no complaints about the outcome . Dutchman Hiddink had said he would be considered a trator if he masterminded their downfall but paid compliments to his team who have been transformed since a 4-1 defeat to Spain in their opening match . "  I do n't know how far we have come since our preparation for the first match but usually the Dutch are a team who one can not outdo tactically , technically or physically , but we did on all three counts , " Hiddink told ITV Sport . "  Of course we realised we could n't give away too many freekicks to them but as you get tired you tend to commit more fouls . "  However , my players responded really well and instead of relying on the counterattack they pressed for the winning goal . " Russia were the more enterprising side from the start at the St. Jakob Park Stadium and striker Pavlyuchenko headed over when unmarked from an Igor Semshov cross . The Dutch may not have been producing the free flowing football of their qualifying group but offered a threat at set pieces with Rafael van der Vaart producing a curling effort from the right which van Nistelrooy should have converted . Both sides were relying on the counter attack in a cagey tactical affair and just after the half hour mark a classic Russian break saw Arshavin bear down on the Dutch goal to send in a low curler which Edwin van der Sar tipped around the post . Manchester United keeper van der Sar had to use all his near two meter height to tip over a thunderous effort from defender Denis Kolodin from the ensuing corner . Moments later Kolodin sent in another long range effort from fully 40 meters which nearly dipped under the crossbar . Van Nistelrooy was generally kept quiet in the first half but his sharp turn and shot from the right had to be neatly saved by Igor Akinfeev while Kolodin nearly handed the Dutch the opener near half-time as his sloppy pass found van der Vaart who shot straight at the Russian keeper . The second half was 11 minutes old when Arshavin found Sergei Semak whose cross from the right was neatly turned in by Pavlyuchenko . The Dutch keeper then had to be alert to keep out Pavlyuchenko for a second goal and Russia looked to be holding on for victory until van Nistelrooy struck in typical style with five minutes remaining . His tireless Real Madrid teammate Wesley Sneijder swung in a free kick from the left which the striker converted from close range at the far post . Extra time again saw the Russians pressing with the most menace and in the first period Pavlyuchenko hit the crossbar with a snap shot . The Russians kept pouring forward against a tiring Dutch side and Arshavin escaped down the left to send over a teasing cross which Torbinski turned in at the far post . Arshavin fittingly sealed victory as he received the ball from a throw-in and somehow beat van der Sar at the near post . "  We did n't play football , and never got into the game , " van Basten admitted after the final whistle . "  Normally we should have been in better shape than the Russians . We did n't see that , " he told the Associated Press .	Russia beat Netherlands 3-1 after extra time in Euro 2008 quarterfinal Dmitri Torbinski and Andrei Arshavin score winning goals in added time Roman Pavlyuchenko put Russia ahead with Ruud van Nistelrooy equalizing Guus Hiddink 's men will play either Italy or Spain in the semifinals
CNN  -- A federal judge in Mexico has sentenced four people to a minimum of 161/2 years each behind bars for human trafficking , the Mexican attorney general 's office said Tuesday , marking a rare conviction in a country struggling to get a grip on the illegal trade . The investigation began because of a tip from the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement  ICE  agency , authorities said . Agents rescued four women being forced to work as prostitutes in Miami , Florida , according to a statement from the Mexican attorney general 's office . An ICE spokeswoman said U.S. agents identified two of the victims in Miami and that the other two were identified by authorities in Mexico . Their children were being held in Tenancingo , a municipality in the southern Mexican state of Tlaxcala , and the women 's contact with them was conditioned on their sending money to their handlers , the statement said . On June 7 , 2010 , Mexican authorities raided the home in Tlaxcala , arresting the four suspects . Fausto Velazquez Zompantzi , Jaime Velazquez Zompantzi and Severiana Zompantzi Rojas were sentenced to 161/2 years in prison each for the parts they played in the crime . Jorge Velazquez Zompantzi was sentenced to 181/2 years . In addition to trafficking , he was also found guilty of possessing a firearm licensed exclusively to the military . The women 's children were sent to be with their mothers in the United States , according to the attorney general 's office . The statement said the case represents the first time the attorney general 's office of the Special Prosecutor for Organized Crime , also known as SIEDO , obtained a conviction and sentence for a human trafficking crime . Mexico , like many countries , struggles to investigate , prosecute and punish trafficking offenders . The U.S. State Department released its 2011 report on human trafficking Monday , assessing efforts by 184 governments worldwide to fight sexual exploitation , forced labor and moder-day slavery . The annual report , considered one of the most comprehensive analyses of worldwide human trafficking , ranks countries in three "  tiers . " Mexico was put in the middle tier . Notably , the reported cited the municipality of Tenancingo as a major source for Mexican sex trafficking victims exploited within Mexico and in the United States . Women , children , indigenous people and undocumented migrants are especially vulnerable , the report read . While noting some of the recent strides made by the Mexican government in countering trafficking , particularly at the federal level , the study also cited reports that some local law enforcement officials tolerate and are sometimes complicit in the illegal trade . "  Given the magnitude of Mexico 's trafficking problem ... the number of human trafficking investigations , prosecutions , convictions , and sentences remained low , and government funding for victim services remained inadequate , " it read . The State Department says 27 million people are victims of human trafficking worldwide , and approximately 100,000 of those victims are in the United States .	The investigation started with with a tip from ICE , authorities say Investigators tracked the suspects to the southern state of Tlaxcala They each will serve a minimum of 161/2 years in prison Mexico , like many countries , struggles to prosecute and punish trafficking offenders
CNN Student News  -- April 26 , 2013 Media Literacy Question of the Day Why might it be important to preserve audio and video recordings from a president 's time in office ? What kinds of recordings might not be featured in a presidential archive ? * * Know Your News -- The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . Click here for a PDF version of this Newsquiz . 1 . What European city held its annual marathon on Sunday and paid tribute to the people of Boston ? * * 2 . What type of unusually dangerous flu has recently broken out in China and affected at least one patient in Taiwan ? * * 3 . Former U.S. President George W. Bush 's presidential library is located in what city ? * * 4 . A company is seeking volunteers for a proposed , one-way mission to what planet ? * * 5 . What is the name of the warning that informs a suspect of the right to remain silent and the right to an attorney ? * * 6 . What is the capital of Libya ? * * 7 . What social media service is associated with a limit of 140 characters ? * * 8 . What U.S. administration is responsible for training air traffic controllers ? * * 9 . What percentage of Earth 's water is fresh water : 1 % , 2.5 % or 15 % ? * * 10 . In what country did authorities arrest two men suspected of planning a terror attack against a passenger train ? * *	Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News Write your answers in the space provided Today 's Newsquiz includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
CNN  -- Myanmar released 56 political prisoners in a presidential amnesty , the government 's official MRTV reported late Tuesday . The inmates were released from a dozen prisons , according to Tun Kyi , a member of government 's committee on political prisoners . Most were charged under an unlawful association law , he said . In July , President Thein Sein said that there will be no prisoners of conscience in Myanmar by the end of the year . One month later , he stressed that while there will be no such prisoners , individuals found guilty of committing violent crimes for political reasons should still serve their sentences . Myanmar is gradually emerging from decades of authoritarian military rule that resulted in internal oppression and international isolation . Myanmar works to turn the lights on , and keep them on Myanmar movie star buries the dead Journalist Phyo Wai Lin contributed to this report .	The inmates were released from a dozen prisons President : No prisoners of conscience by years end Myanmar is gradually emerging from decades of authoritarian military rule
CNN  -- It might be a case of illegal clipping . An American Airlines charter plane carrying the Miami Dolphins home from a losing 30-13 game against the Dallas Cowboys clipped the tail of a parked plane at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport early Thursday morning , forcing both planes out of service and prolonging the team 's return . According to the Federal Aviation Administration and the airline , the incident occurred as the jet was being pushed back in the west cargo area of DFW -- a pad used for sports charters . The winglet of the Dolphins charter plane -- a Boeing 767 -- clipped the tail of an empty MD-80 aircraft , causing minor damage to the 767 's winglet . "  That was the biggest hit the Dolphins had all night , " quipped one commenter on CNN affiliate WPLG-TV 's website . There were no injuries and both planes were taken out of service for inspection , American Airlines spokesman Matt Miller told CNN . American brought a replacement plane and the charter left around 4 a.m. , arriving in South Florida at 7:20 a.m. Thursday . Miami Dolphins cut Chad Johnson after head-butting arrest 747 cargo plane clips commuter jet while taxiing in Chicago	A plane carrying the Miami Dolphins clips another plane at DFW "  That was the biggest hit the Dolphins had all night , " one commenter noted The Dolphins lost to the Dallas Cowboys 30-13
