LONDON , England  CNN  -- In November we step inside the world of design as show host Becky Anderson searches for the Spirit of Architecture . The "  Gherkin " designed by Norman Foster is one of the most familiar features on London 's skyline . In late October , Barcelona hosts the World Architecture Festival during which the great and good will attempt to choose the best building in the world . CNN will get exclusive access to the event , the nominations , and the jury which includes some of the world 's greatest architects . The program will start with an explanation of Barcelona 's unique architectural heritage . It will then feature short pieces on six of the architects and the buildings that have been nominated for awards . These profiles have been filmed in Mumbai , Tokyo , Pretoria , Munich , London and Maryland . The program will also feature interviews with some of the world 's leading architects including Lord Norman Foster , Zaha Hadid and Wolf D Prix . Foster is the founder of the London-based Foster and Partners architecture company which has recently won a competition to build Virgin Galactic 's New Mexico Spaceport Authority Building for space tourism . In September 2007 , Foster was awarded the Aga Khan Award for Architecture , for his efforts on the Petronas University of Technology , Bandar Seri Iskandar , Malaysia . Hadid meanwhile has won numerous international architecture awards and is currently involved in the construction of a 17,500-seat aquatics centre for London -- one of the venues being built for the 2012 Olympics . Finally , the Austrian-born Prix , who founded top company Coop Himmelb  l  au is a legend of the architecture world . Prix has scooped many of the top international architectural awards over the last quarter century , and today continues his active involvement in the world of design . Once we have taken you through the festival highlights , at the end of the program the best building in the world will be chosen and we will interview the winning architect .	November 's show comes from the World Architecture Festival in Barcelona Interviewees include Norman Foster , Zaha Hadid and Wolf D Prix The best building in the world will be chosen at the end of the show
CNN  -- Marion Rolland had never won a major race before , but she fulfilled a lifelong dream on Sunday when she claimed the prestigious women 's downhill title at the Alpine Skiing World Championships in Austria . With 2011 silver medalist and Olympic champion Lindsey Vonn ruled out for the season after crashing on the opening day in Schladming , the gold was up for grabs -- but no-one expected Rolland to take it . Ranked 10th in the World Cup downhill standings this season , and 29th overall , the 30-year-old made a late surge to glory as she headed off Nadia Fanchini by just 0.16 seconds to earn France 's third gold of the championships . "  Since I was a kid , I wanted to become a world champion . This is like a dream to me ! " she told reporters . "  If you believe in yourself and your dreams , you will reach them one day . It was absolutely breathtaking today . " Fanchini won bronze in 2009 , but has been rebuilding her career following serious injuries to both knees which ruled her out of the following year 's Olympics in Vancouver . "  I clinched a medal and ca n't believe it ! After a bad crash in Kitzbuhel in 2010 , it was only my fourth downhill competition since my comeback , " the 26-year-old Italian said . Maria Hofl-Riesch followed up her victory in Friday 's super-combined by adding a bronze to the one she won at Garmisch in 2011 . "  In your career , there are always ups and downs . Having these ` ups ' and moments of joy during World Championships is extremely special , " the 28-year-old German said . Switzerland 's Nadja Kamer was fourth while Julia Mancuso was the leading American in fifth place ahead of compatriot Stacey Cook . World Cup overall leader Tina Maze had to settle for seventh place , while defending champion Elisabeth Gorgl of Austria was 10th .	French skier Marion Rolland wins women 's downhill title at world championships The 30-year-old had never previously won a top-level alpine race in her career She heads off Italy 's Nadia Fanchini , who is rebuilding her career after serious injuries Maria Hofl-Riesch matched her bronze medal effort from 2011 worlds in Garmisch
CNN  -- Two convicted murderers who allegedly used forged documents to walk out of prison were booked Tuesday in Orange County , Florida -- the place where both men hail from and where the murders they are responsible for took place . After days on the lam , Charles Walker and Joseph Jenkins were recaptured on Saturday night at Panama City 's Coconut Grove Motor Inn , some 360 miles northwest of the Orlando area . By 2:30 p.m. ET Tuesday , they were back in the Orange County jail , according to county corrections spokesman Allen Moore . "  The two will be held in maximum custody in two separate locations of the jail system , " Allen said . Walker , who faces a new escape charge , is set to appear at 9 a.m. Wednesday in an Orlando courtroom . Jenkins does not face the same charge , and is not set to appear in court . Courts , corrections deflect blame Walker and Jenkins , both 34 , had been serving life terms without parole for unrelated killings at the Franklin Correctional Institution in North Carrabelle , south of Tallahassee in Florida 's Panhandle . Jenkins walked out September 27 , while Walker left October 8 . Both used legal-looking documents with bogus reproductions of several key players ' signatures , including those of the Orlando-area state attorney and Judge Belvin Perry , plus the seal of the Orange County clerk of court 's office . State officials have been investigating that type of scam for about a year and had warned prosecutors about the schemes over the summer , said Jerry Bailey , the Florida Department of Law Enforcement 's commissioner . On Tuesday , Bailey 's agency announced that a reward of up to $ 10,000 is being offered for information that leads to the arrest and conviction of those involved in the forgeries or inmates ' escapes . The Florida attorney general 's office is offering another reward of up to $ 10,000 . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Charles Walker and Joseph Jenkins are in custody in Orange County , Florida That 's where they are from , and where they committed murders years ago The two men used forged documents to walk out of prison , authorities say
If prosecutors plan to argue former New England Patriot Aaron Hernandez was the one who fired seven rounds into Odin Lloyd , they wo n't be able to show the alleged murder weapon to make their case . That 's because the .45 caliber gun used to kill Lloyd has never been found . "  That 's a hurdle , " attorney and sports analyst Michael McCann told CNN . Prosecutors have charged Hernandez , Ernest Wallace and Carlos Ortiz with first-degree murder , however , more than a year since the June 17 , 2013 , homicide , prosecutors have yet to definitively say who was the alleged trigger man . All three men have pleaded not guilty . Despite extensive searches of Hernandez 's home , his apartment , his cars , an uncle 's home , the crime scene , woods , dumpsters , and a lake in Hernandez 's hometown of Bristol , Connecticut , what happened to the alleged murder weapon remains a mystery . Inside the case against Aaron Hernandez "  To be sure , someone can be convicted without a murder weapon , " McCann said . "  We know that . But it 's harder . " Authorities said in court that they recovered five rounds from Lloyd 's body . An autopsy revealed two more rounds went through his body . Those rounds were later dug up from the soil in the industrial park where Lloyd was shot . A shell casing was also found in the rental car that prosecutors say Hernandez drove to the crime scene . All the rounds are .45 caliber , according to authorities . Who was Odin Lloyd ? Surveillance video from Hernandez 's home security system shows the former NFL player arriving back at his house with two other people , according to the district attorney . Prosecutors believe the gun seen in Hernandez 's left hand is the alleged murder weapon , according to a source with knowledge of the investigation . "  He 's last seen with the firearm before he goes down to the basement door , " Bristol County District Attorney William McCauley told a judge at a June 16 hearing . Two witnesses have testified before a grand jury that Hernandez kept a .45 gun in a black metal box in his basement , McCauley told the court . Fast facts : Aaron Hernandez The day after Lloyd 's body was found , Hernandez sent a mysterious "  coded " text message to his fiancée Shayanna Jenkins and asked her get something out of their basement , according to search warrant affidavits . "  Go back in back of the screen in movie room when u  sic  get home an  sic  there is a box ... jus  sic  in case u  sic  were looking for it !!! ... WAS JUST THINKIN bout that lol wink wink love u TTYL ... K " "  TTYL " is common shorthand for "  talk to you later . " 2013 : Investigation turns to fiancée A home surveillance video shows Jenkins leaving the house about an hour later and carrying something "  rigid " and "  consistent to a lock box or safe " placed inside a garbage bag and covered with children 's clothing , according to the documents . Jenkins later testified before a grand jury . According to prosecutor McCauley , "  She said it was a box ... and it was heavy , it was approximately 25 pounds . " On video , Jenkins is allegedly seen returning home without the "  rigid " item . Prosecutors said Jenkins testified she got rid of the box . "  It goes into the dumpster , " McCauley told a judge . "  Later on when she 's questioned about that , she ca n't recall where she put that . That item or items were never recovered . " Jenkins has been charged with perjury and has pleaded not guilty . Her attorneys have said they will not comment on her case . In pre-trial hearings , Hernandez 's lawyers have argued prosecutors have no evidence as to what was in the box . "  I mean , who knows ? " co-counsel James Sultan told the court . "  It could be drugs , it could be something that was connected to this crime that he knew about , that he was covering up for somebody else after the fact . There are all kinds of possibilities ... But that 's not probable cause that he committed murder . " Authorities did seize other guns from the former tight end 's home and apartment , as well as .45 caliber ammunition . Hernandez also has pleaded not guilty to five other weapons-related charges . Unlike the missing weapon in the Lloyd case , police have found a .38 caliber gun they accuse Hernandez of using to kill Safiro Furtado and Daniel Abreu in Boston in July 2012 . Police have not established a connection between the gun and Hernandez . Hernandez is charged as the sole shooter in that case and has pleaded not guilty . Can prosecutors persuade a jury in the Lloyd case that they do n't need to see the weapon involved ? "  Given the large number of TV shows devoted to crime ... jurors are always receptive to the popular defense argument that ` missing evidence ' creates reasonable doubt in prosecutor 's case , " said CNN analyst and former New York prosecutor Paul Callan . Yet , Callan added , authorities can argue there was plenty of time to ditch the weapon . "  After all we still have n't found Jimmy Hoffa , so explaining away a missing gun is not particularly difficult if other evidence is compelling and persuasive , " he said .	Aaron Hernandez has been charged with three killings He has pleaded not guilty The weapon used in the death of Odin Lloyd has not been found
King Abdullah has ordered that "  all necessary measures " be taken to protect Saudi Arabia against terror threats , the state-run SPA news agency reported Thursday . "  Anticipating  that  the terrorist organizations or others might carry out actions that might disturb the security of the homeland , the Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques has ordered taking all necessary measures to protect the gains of the homeland and its territories in addition to the security and stability of the Saudi people , " SPA said . The news agency referenced the crisis in Iraq , where militants with the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria  ISIS  are seeking to create an Islamic caliphate that encompasses portions of Iraq and Syria . According to a Saudi official not authorized to talk to the media , security forces are on highest alert . "  Saudi Arabia shares a long border with Iraq and the government is aware that ISIS is very close to Iraq 's border with Jordan , and is also aware ISIS has been very public about its intention to attempt to attack Saudi Arabia , " the official said . The official said , however , that Iraq is not the government 's only concern . Authorities are also concerned about intelligence showing ISIS militants starting to work with fighters from al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  , the official said . In the past week , members of AQAP tried to sneak into Saudi Arabia from Yemen , and were caught , said the official , who did not provide details . "  While Saudi security forces are at the ready and very strong , the threat emanating from Yemen is still very real , " said the official . MAPS : How to understand the Iraq crisis	Militants in Iraq , Syria are seeking to create an Islamic caliphate Authorities are also concerned about threats emanating from Yemen , an official says Saudi security forces are on highest alert , that official adds
Zombies , "  World of Warcraft " characters and showgirls in skimpy outfits flooded Shanghai 's New International Expo Centre from July 31-August 3 for the 12th annual ChinaJoy event . One of the highlights of the meet -- its annual cosplay competition . Participants , either solo or in teams , dressed up to emulate characters from comic books , movies and video games to be judged based on their costumes , routine and the response they received from the audience . With some preparing months in advance , the show was spectacular . Click through the gallery above for some of the results . Digital expo The China Digital Entertainment Expo and Conference , or ChinaJoy , is China 's largest gaming and digital entertainment exhibition . From July 31 to August 3 , the expo drew in 250,224 attendees , a record high for ChinaJoy . Similar to the Los Angeles-based E3 and the Tokyo Game Show , the event has grown from a domestic function that concentrated on online games to becoming China 's gaming industry 's flagship event , covering online , mobile and console games as well as other digital products . Cosplay at Comic-Con : Who wore it best ?	China Digital Entertainment Expo and Conference , or ChinaJoy , celebrated its 12th outing last week The expo drew more than 250,000 people over three days , a record number of attendees The annual cosplay competition is a highlight of ChinaJoy
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- After a town hall meeting on health-care reform in Belgrade , Montana , President Obama will escape to Big Sky country on Friday evening where he 'll spend time with family and go fly-fishing for the first time . White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel carries fly-fishing tackle to Marine One on Friday . Fly-fishing requires a singular focus , much like golf . Having newly discovered the sport myself , it occurred to me as I watched Marine One lift off the South Lawn on Friday that there are probably some lessons on the river that could apply to Obama 's presidency . Thinking like a producer , I called an expert -- fly-fishing instructor Tony Derosier , who described the evolution most fishermen go through . "  Usually , when you first go fishing , all you want to do is catch a fish , and then all you want to do is catch a lot of fish , and then you just want to catch the larger fish . After you 've caught a lot of large fish , you kind of go back to square one and catch just one fish , " said Derosier , manager at Taylor Creek Fly Shop in Aspen , Colorado . "  You basically just want to go fishing -- the numbers , the size , it does n't matter any more . " Obama is in the "  big fish " stage of his presidency : He 's trying to get health-care reform legislation passed hook , line , and sinker . If he 's successful , anything else he gets passed will be icing on the cake . Learning the fundamentals of fly-fishing can serve as a metaphor for health care reform . Obama just needs to look at hooking and landing Blue Dog Democrats and Republicans like he would trout . The first step -- learn how to cast . "  Fly-casting is all about maximizing the energy you put in your rod and you lose energy if you wait too long , " Derosier said . "  And conversely , if you do n't wait long enough , your line will crack like a whip . " Obama has to strike the right balance between rushing things through and losing momentum ; and maintaining support while bringing others over to his side . The second step -- reading the water : "  Instead of blindly casting anywhere in the river you want to understand where you might find fish , " Derosier explained . Obama zeroed in on a fairly conservative state , Montana , where he faces a land full of skeptics about his health care reform plan . Third -- hook and land the fish : Derosier said once you hook the fish you have to know how to play the fish , which is a delicate balance between applying pressure but not so much that the line breaks -- much like the delicate balance of Obama 's courting members of Congress . "  The ultimate goal is to gain an advantage over the fish so that you can land him , " he said . "  It 's the hardest thing to teach when it comes to fly-fishing , " he said . Out in Montana , the game is catch-and-release trout . But in Washington , Obama is trying to hook Congress and take home health care reform , or risk it being the big one that got away .	CNN White House producer : Fly-fishing is a metaphor that fits Obama 's presidency Beginning anglers desire to catch bigger and bigger fish , expert says Obama is in the "  big fish " stage of his presidency , Shawna Shepherd writes Delicate processes of political success are like casting , reading the water , etc. .
New York  CNN  -- A paralegal who accused the New York police commissioner 's son of raping her inside a Manhattan law firm said the incident left her pregnant and prompted her to get an abortion , according to a source familiar with the investigation . The woman , described as around 30 years old , told police earlier this week of the alleged October attack by Greg Kelly , a former Fox News White House correspondent and current co-anchor on WNYW 's "  Good Day New York . " Kelly , 43 , the son of New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly , has since taken a leave of absence from his anchor chair . He has not been charged with a crime . According to the source , the woman told authorities that over the course of three days in early October , the pair exchanged phone numbers , mutually flirted , talked and exchanged text messages about getting together . When they finally met for drinks at a South Street Seaport area bar , the woman told police that they each used credit cards and took turns paying , consuming drinks until she became intoxicated , according to the source . She said she then invited Kelly to her office building where they had sex in her boss ' office , according to the source . The woman , whom authorities are not identifying , described her condition to authorities as "  woozy " and said she was not a willing participant , the source said . She said she later learned that she was pregnant , telling authorities that it could n't have been from her boyfriend , who had had a vasectomy , the source said . The woman told authorities she continued to exchange what the source described as nonconfrontational messages with Kelly following the alleged assault . Later , a man presumed to be the woman 's boyfriend sought out the elder Kelly at a public event , according to Deputy Police Commissioner Paul Browne . The man said to the commissioner , " ` Your son 's ruining my girlfriend 's life , ' " Browne said . "  Kelly asked , ` What do you mean by that ? , ' " added Browne , noting that the man said , "  there were too many people around , and so the commissioner told the man to write him a letter . " It 's not clear if the man had done so . Greg Kelly 's attorney , Andrew Lankler , said the allegation of rape is false . "  Mr. Kelly strenuously denies any wrongdoing of any kind , and is cooperating fully with the district attorney 's investigation , " he said in a statement . "  We know the district attorney 's investigation will prove Mr. Kelly 's innocence . " He said his client is "  cooperating fully . " The scandal leaves Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr. again confronted with a sex scandal that bears implications far beyond the courtroom . Vance was involved in the sexual assault case against former IMF chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn last year . A hotel maid accused Strauss-Kahn -- once considered a leading French presidential candidate -- of assault during an encounter in his room at New York 's Sofitel . The charges were ultimately dropped . Vance 's office has taken over the Kelly investigation to avoid possible conflicts of interest by would-be police investigators , said a source with knowledge of the probe . His office , which fended off criticism over its handling of the Strauss-Kahn case , has remained largely tight-lipped about how prosecutors are dealing with the Kelly investigation . Linda Fairstein , former head of the district attorney 's sex crimes unit , said she 's confident Vance 's office is well-positioned to handle the Kelly case . "  He could have kicked it out of the county , but it 's not a conflict for him , " Fairstein said . "  It all comes down to what his investigators can do . " Some of those investigators , she said , are former police officers who are capable of pursuing the case . Two days before the Kelly allegations surfaced this week , the newsman interviewed Vance about the handling of the Strauss-Kahn scandal . Prosecutors ultimately dropped that investigation due to apparent gaps in evidence and credibility questions about Nafissatou Diallo , the hotel maid . "  Your office chose not to prosecute Dominique Strauss-Kahn for sexual assault , an alleged sexual assault , " Kelly said to Vance on "  Good Day New York . " "  A lot of people were frustrated . They thought Nafissatou Diallo had a strong case that should have at least gone to trial . Why did your office decide not to prosecute DSK ? " Vance responded that he felt he could not prosecute "  beyond a reasonable doubt . " "  Our job as a prosecutor 's office is not to put points on the board , " Vance said during the interview . "  Our job as a prosecutor 's office is to try to do right . To pursue every case to where it should end up appropriately . " The investigation is the latest high-profile case before Vance , who has often been seen as a reformer , following a series of sexual assault cases that has left his office open to criticism . In addition to the Strauss-Kahn case , Vance 's office presided over an investigation of two New York police officers who were acquitted in May on charges of raping a 27-year-old woman whom they had helped home . A jury acquitted the men of felony rape and burglary but found them guilty of official misconduct , a misdemeanor . Vance is the son of Cyrus Vance Sr. , who held various high-level Cabinet positions , including Secretary of State under President Jimmy Carter .	Source : The woman told authorities she was intoxicated at the time of the alleged rape The pair had flirted over text messages about getting together , the source says Kelly , the son of the NYPD police commissioner , has not been charged in the case Kelly 's attorney , Andrew Lankler , says his client is "  cooperating fully "
CNN  -- Famed folk singer Richie Havens , the opening act at the 1969 Woodstock music festival , died Monday of a sudden heart attack , his publicist said . He was 72 . Havens , who retired three years ago , toured for more than 30 years and recorded 30 albums . Havens told Billboard that his breakthrough at Woodstock came after another artist 's equipment got stuck in traffic . He was supposed to be the fifth act . "  It was 5 o'clock and nothing was happening yet , " Havens told Billboard . "  I had the least instruments  to set up on stage  and the least people  in his band  . " So Havens went on and performed for 40 minutes , as planned . Organizers asked him to do four more songs , he told Billboard . "  I went back and did that , then it was , ` Four more songs ... ' and that kept happening 'til two hours and 45 minutes later , I had sung every song I know , " he said . Havens , a Brooklyn , New York , native , told CNN in 1999 that music enabled him to leave his rough neighborhood to head to Greenwich Village and the music scene there . Music was always a part of his life . "  I believe I inherited my sense of music from my father . My father was an ear piano player ; he could just hear something and play it , " he recalls . "  I came up in Brooklyn singing doo-wop music from the time I was 13 to the time I was 20 . That music served a purpose of keeping a lot of people out of trouble , and also it was a passport from one neighborhood to another . " His inspiration for songs about social change and protest came when he heard artists like Fred Neil , Dino Valenti and Tom Paxton . That 's when he knew what he wanted to do with his life . "  It was the songs that actually changed my life , " he says . "  The songs that I heard were so much different than the doo-wop kind of thing . They were just so powerful . Finally I decided , ` I 've got to do this . ' " Before Woodstock , his nights were filled with playing as often as possible to make a few dollars . "  We played three coffeehouses a night , 14 sets a night , 20-minute sets , pass the basket , stay alive , " he told CNN . "  I was there seven and a half years , every day . It was the most incredibly magic , magic time . " After Havens gained attention at Woodstock , he recorded a soulful-voiced cover of the Beatles ' "  Here Comes the Sun , " which rose on the pop charts in 1970 . Stephen Stills of Crosby , Stills and Nash said Havens was an inspiration for the natural gravel in his singing voice . He called Havens a passionate performer . "  He lit fire when he started playing within the first song and burned exactly the same way throughout his set . And it never stopped , it never changed , " Stills said . He added that he thought Havens ' style was probably a little too arcane to appeal to a mass audience . "  But he sure knew what to do when they were begging for someone to go on first , when all those people showed up at Woodstock , " Stills said . Havens returned to Woodstock for the 40th anniversary festival in 2009 . "  While his family greatly appreciates that Richie 's many fans are also mourning this loss , they do ask for privacy during this difficult time , " a statement from his publicist , Carrie Lombardi , said . Billboard reported Havens died in New Jersey , leaving behind four daughters and five grandchildren . People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lived	NEW : Havens told CNN once that he always had music in his life The Brooklyn , New York , native , gained attention at Woodstock Stephen Stills says Havens was on fire when he played His cover of the Beatles ' "  Here Comes the Sun " rose on the pop charts in 1970
CNN  These days , failure is in fashion . Books with titles like "  The Wisdom of Failure " top bestseller lists and there is even a popular annual conference , FailCon , that gathers people together to study past fails . But in spite of all the noise about how it 's ok -- nay , productive -- to fail , it can still be a painful and challenging experience . So , what is the best way to bounce back ? IMF chief Christine Lagarde , in recent interview with CNN , gave a robust suggestion : "  Oh , get over it . Get over it and move on . " In fact , many women at the top of their fields say that setbacks can be a great source of strength . CNN 's Leading Women team were curious to find out how other women recover when things do n't go their way , so we asked members of the LinkedIn Connect : Professional Women 's Network , powered by Citi for their thoughts . Below is their collected wit and wisdom on the matter . Valuable lessons Learning was a huge theme , with many variations on the idea that a failure can be a great teacher . Vickie Brock writes that when things go wrong , she tries to look for the lesson so that she does n't make the same mistake again . She does n't want "  history repeating itself . " Yvette Scheiber , a business communications expert , leadership adviser and author cautions that failure is "  only a good teacher if you choose to be a good student . " Your failures reveal more than your successes but only if you face them with the desire to better understand yourself , she adds . Paige Bacon , a freelance artist and art educator writes that sometimes the fear of failure can cause you to do just that . "  I failed at my first attempt at self-employment because I was afraid of risk . " Bacon has learned from the experience and wrote that now she takes part in the things that mean the most to her and which might lead in the most interesting directions . A bit of perspective Gay E Rosen , a real estate broker , takes a philosophical approach to the idea of setbacks . If we are n't "  facing health and life decisions ... are n't our issues of a ` champagne ' nature ? " she asks . Rosen 's three sons were all born with learning disabilities and says she always encouraged them to play sports to "  strengthen their resolve , endurance and their self-esteem . " All three have gone on to excel at sport , including one who is a two-time Olympian . Linda Jochum-Owczarzak , a researcher at Eastern Michigan University says that a doctor 's forthright words helped her when she received a life-threatening diagnosis in 2008 . She was at a low ebb , having already lost her job and been through a divorce and an amputation . She remembers : "  I said to my doctor , ` How do I deal with this ? ' He said , ` It is what it is , no more , no less . ' " "  Those words helped me see my personal responsibility , what was beyond my control define what I valued most and create a plan of action , " she adds . This too shall pass Remember , failure does n't last forever . Scriptwriter and mentor , Karen Fega writes : "  Failure is just temporary ... Success is like a bungee cord , not a long rope . You bounce back . " Airspace manager Sandra Taylor shared a poignant story of achieving her career dream of being an air traffic controller at just 24 , losing her job , and spending the next 16 years "  trying to put my life back together . " She worked as a waitress and sold shoes but never gave up hope that she would work in her chosen field again . "  I FOUGHT to get my current position ... and to my knowledge am the only woman to hold that job , " she says . Her advice is to be resilient , "  make good decisions and never give up ... " Forgive yourself Writer Aviva Gittle says that her "  most profound , if not lucrative , comeback was from the real estate bust . " She listed the lessons she had learned , including one that she says she is still learning : "  Forgive yourself . " "  The mistakes are in the past . The money is gone . Use your precious energy to rebuild , not tear down , " she adds . Marilyn Foreman , a business coach , says that she tends to beat herself up about her failures . But then , "  I remember that the only place we learned to link failure with our own sense of value was in school when we were measured , graded and judged on whether we did something right or not . " She finds comfort in the fact that "  there is no link between our value and whether we make a mistake or not . " Fail , fail and fail again . Because if you approach it with the right attitude , failing could be the best thing that ever happened to you . "  What you think of as a ` failure ' one year , may well be responsible for a series of actions afterward that leads to an enormous ` win ' later , " writes Barbara Berger , a creative director . "  Nothing is static ; as long as you keep moving and remain motivated there will always be a light at the end of a sometimes very long tunnel , " she adds . Kim Ramsey , an executive coach agrees . "  I have definitely found that adversity is one of the most significant growth and development opportunities assuming the individual takes time to reflect on what was learned . "  As hard as it is to through these difficult times , reassessing and committing to moving forward will make you stronger and is a common characteristic of high potential leaders , " she writes . Doctor Patricia L McGuire says : "  I have now lived long enough to realize that failure is just part of the game -- part , in fact , of the process of success ; that the experience of failure is simply to know what will not work , what should not work , or what could not have worked at the time . " She sums it up as : "  Fail Well . Recover . Repeat . " Can failing be good for your career ? Insight : The world 's richest women The most inspiring women of the year	Failing seems to carry less stigma than in the past A number of notable people have even championed failure as a learning experience CNN asked the LinkedIn community how they coped with failure
Washington  CNN  -- Rapid advances in communications are eroding police departments ' abilities to conduct wiretaps , and Congress needs to take steps to ensure that new telephone , computer and wireless systems are designed to allow lawful police access , FBI and police officials told Congress Thursday . But other witnesses cautioned that any such move could stifle innovation , place U.S. technology companies at a competitive disadvantage and unintentionally create systems vulnerable to hackers , criminals and terrorists . At issue is the diminished capability of law enforcement agencies to conduct quick wiretaps in an age of Twitter accounts , Facebook and MySpace pages , BlackBerrys , Androids , iPhones and iPads . The Justice Department calls the phenomenon "  going dark . " In testimony before a House Judiciary subcommittee , FBI General Counsel Valerie Caproni said it is "  exponentially more difficult " to execute court-authorized wiretaps on new technology , noting that criminals can now communicate using wireless devices and anonymous avatars . Caproni said the FBI is not seeking additional authority to conduct wiretaps , but rather is looking for solutions to technical problems the agency encounters in conducting court-authorized intercepts . The Obama administration currently has no proposal to increase the technological ease of wiretapping , she said , but she added that one may be coming soon . A 1994 law , the Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act , required telephone companies to build in the means to conduct intercepts . But the law was designed to keep pace with changes in telecommunications , not in internet-based communications services , and is now antiquated , she said . As an example , Caproni cites a 2009 case in which a pimp used a social networking site to entice children into prostitution . Investigators had enough evidence for a court-ordered wiretap , but did not seek one because the website did not provide a means of conducting electronic surveillance , she wrote . "  There are a lot of things that keep me up at night . One thing is the privacy of people who are communicating on the Internet , " Caproni said . "  But I also get kept up by worrying that we 've got criminals running around that we ca n't arrest and ca n't prosecute because we ca n't actually execute a wiretap order . And that criminal may be a massive drug dealer . They may be an arms trafficker . They may be a child pornographer or a child molester . "  I worry about things like a Mumbai-style attack where , God forbid , the attackers are using communications modalities that we do n't have an interception  for  . " But another witness told the committee moves to change technology come with risks of their own . "  Switches " designed to give police wiretapping capabilities were hacked in Greece , leading to the unlawful wiretapping of 100 senior government officials for 10 months , and a system was breached in Italy , allowing unlawful wiretaps of 6,000 Italians , said Susan Landau of Harvard University 's Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study . Another concern is stifling innovation . "  The person in the dorm room building the next great app may never build it if they have to comply with a government imposed mandate , " said Greg Nojeim of the Center for Democracy and Technology . "  They might not even think about building the next great application . And if they did they might have to re-architect it in a way that would be less efficient , less useful to users than it would have been if they had been able to build according to what they wanted to do . " Nojeim also takes issue with the idea that the law enforcement is "  going dark . " "  Wiretapping is at record levels , " he said . "  There were more wiretaps placed in 2009 by federal and state officials than ever in history . For each of the thousands of wiretaps that are placed , over 3,000 communications are intercepted . That 's not an FBI going dark . That 's an awful lot of light . " CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	New technology is giving suspects the edge over authorities , an FBI official says "  I worry about things like a Mumbai-style attack , " the FBI 's general counsel says But changes might bring security risks and stifle innovation , critics tell a House panel
CNN  A Black Hawk helicopter that went down in waters off the Florida Panhandle three days ago -- killing 11 service members -- had aborted a training mission due to bad weather before it crashed , a military official said Friday . On the same day that officials released the names of the seven Marines who were aboard , new details emerged Friday on the fatal mission at the Santa Rosa Sound near Eglin Air Force Base . As officials continue to investigate why the aircraft went down in thick fog Tuesday , Maj. Gen. Joseph L. Osterman -- commander of U.S. Marine Corps Forces Special Operations Command  MARSOC  -- told reporters that the Black Hawk was one of two that had to abort exercises involving water "  insertion and extraction techniques " before the crash . "  My understanding is ... that they were flying as we normally do -- two aircraft together , " Osterman said . "  As they went in , they encountered bad weather and made the decision to wave off and to abort the training mission . At that point , the one helicopter obviously made it back and determined that the second helicopter was not back with them in that return . " The crash occurred at night -- hours after the two helicopters had successfully completed the same training exercise in daylight . The Black Hawk helicopters were training near Eglin as heavy fog shrouded the sound -- a narrow body of water between mainland northern Florida and a barrier island -- about 8:30 p.m. Tuesday , the military said . "  The fog was moving in and out , " Osterman said . "  I think they had done the pre-assessment before going in , said that everything appeared to be OK , but then -- even in route -- made the decision  that  the risk was too high . " The second helicopter lost communication with the missing aircraft and returned to begin the search operation , Osterman said . That operation has transitioned from rescue to recovery , with the military focused on recovering the helicopter , military officials said . Searchers found the helicopter at the bottom of the sound , and the bodies of the seven Marines and four Army National Guard members who were aboard . The bodies of at least two National Guard members were recovered Thursday , and the remains of the other two were believed to be in the underwater wreckage 25 feet below the surface , the Guard said . The crew members were with 1-244th Assault Helicopter Battalion from Hammond , Louisiana , according to a statement from the Louisiana National Guard . Osterman said the remains will be taken to Dover Air Force Base in Delaware for identification and forensic examinations before being turned over to the soldiers ' families for burial . On Friday , MARSOC , based at Camp Lejeune , North Carolina , identified the seven Marines who perished in the crash as Capt. Stanford H. Shaw , III , 31 , of Basking Ridge , New Jersey ; Master Sgt. Thomas A. Saunders , 33 , of Williamsburg , Virginia ; Staff Sgt. Marcus S. Bawol , 26 , of Warren , Michigan ; Staff Sgt. Trevor P. Blaylock , 29 , of Lake Orion , Michigan ; Staff Sgt. Liam A. Flynn , 33 , of Queens , New York ; Staff Sgt. Kerry M. Kemp , 27 , of Port Washington , Wisconsin ; and Staff Sgt. Andrew C. Seif , 26 , of Holland , Michigan . They gave all : Profiles of those killed in helicopter crash The names of the four Louisiana National Guard members were not released . "  To have such a tremendous group of Marines -- obviously the experience that they had , the cohesion and teamwork and everything else that they exhibited -- it definitely hit us all hard by having that many at one time , " Osterman said of the deaths . The cause of the crash is under investigation . Mark Giuliano , chief of the Eglin Air Force Base 's fire department , said a couple of military boats already were in the water for safety purposes as part of the exercise but that "  nobody saw anything because of the dense fog . " "  People said they heard a loud bang , and that was it , " Giuliano said Thursday . The second Black Hawk -- which , like the first , was assigned to the 1-244th Assault Helicopter Battalion based in Hammond , Louisiana -- safely returned to the base , some 40 miles east of Pensacola . "  Whatever the trouble was with the one aircraft , it did not involve the second helicopter that was participating in the exercise , " Eglin spokesman Andy Bourland said earlier this week . Giuliano said the fire department , which has a unit on Santa Rosa Island near the crash site , was called to help at about 10 p.m. Tuesday , roughly 90 minutes after the crash . The military boats that were part of the mission already had been searching for survivors and wreckage , he said . Military officials have said it 's too early to know whether the fog contributed to the crash . The 11 service members , all men , were involved in a seven-day training exercise of amphibious operations , said Capt. Barry Morris , a spokesman for the U.S. Marines Corps Special Operations Command . It involved small boats , and inserting and extracting Marines from the water via helicopter . Morris would not say which phase of the training the Marines were in Tuesday night . The initial search was hampered by dense fog , to the point that searchers on boats "  could not see , " Giuliano said . On Wednesday morning , after searchers got a sonar hit , a diver found the bulk of the wreck at the bottom of the sound , Giuliano said . Divers then went into the water "  to start retrieving the aircrew , " Giuliano said , without specifying how many bodies were recovered . The helicopter had broken into several pieces in a "  high-impact crash , " he said . The Coast Guard has hired a salvage company from Mobile , Alabama , to take the wreckage from the water , Giuliano said . On Wednesday , Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said the crash was "  a reminder to us that those who serve put themselves at risk , both in training and in combat . " "  We will work with the services to ensure that ... their family members will be well cared for . " Osterman said the 2,500 MARSOC troops have been deployed to Afghanistan and other conflict zones during the last eight years -- earning seven Navy Crosses , 19 Silver Stars , 207 Bronze Stars and 189 Purple Hearts . "  It is a very tight organization , and many of these Marines and sailors associated with MARSOC are more senior Marines , " Osterman said . "  Their families are all very close . In this particular case , they were all from the same team so they were very , very close . And everyone immediately rallied together . " CNN 's Ed Payne , Greg Botelho , Jason Hanna , John Newsome , Brian Carberry , Victor Blackwell , Jamie Crawford and Brad Lendon contributed to this report .	All on the Black Hawk helicopter were killed in the crash Four National Guard aircrew members and seven Marines died Crash happened Tuesday in foggy conditions
CNN  -- Italy has moved to defuse a diplomatic dispute with India by agreeing to send back two Italian marines accused of killing two Indian fishermen last year . The two Italian marines are due to face trial in India over the allegations , but after the Indian Supreme Court allowed them to return to Italy last month to vote in national elections , Rome refused to send them back . That decision angered Indian government officials and Supreme Court justices , who noted that the Italian ambassador had given assurances to the court that the marines , Massimiliano Latorre and Salvatore Girone , would come back to India after the elections . The court responded last week by temporarily banning the ambassador , Daniele Mancini , from leaving India , a move that Italy said violated the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations . The two sides appeared locked in an impasse , with Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh saying Italy 's actions were "  not acceptable " and warning of "  consequences " for the two countries ' relations . On Thursday , the Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti 's office said it would make good on the commitment to send the sailors back after receiving written assurances from the Indian government that the two men 's "  fundamental rights " would be protected . The two sailors have agreed to the decision , it said . The Indian government appeared to welcome the move , with Home Affairs Minister R.P.N. Singh saying on Twitter that New Delhi 's "  tough stand " had worked . Italy has argued that the February 2012 shooting involving its marines happened in international waters and was therefore outside of Indian jurisdiction . Latorre and Girone say they mistook the fishermen for pirates . CNN 's Elwyn Lopez contributed to this report .	Rome says it received assurances that the marines ' rights will be protected The 2 sailors face trial in India in connection with the killing of 2 Indian fishermen India 's Supreme Court allowed the Italians to leave India on condition they would return When they failed to come back , India placed a travel ban on the Italian ambassador
Qanta Ahmed is the author of "  In the Land of Invisible Women : A Female Doctor 's Journey in the Saudi Kingdom . " An M.D. , she is an attending physician based in the Division of Pulmonary , Sleep and Critical Care Medicine at Winthrop University Hospital in Mineola , New York , and a fellow of the American College of Chest Physicians and the American Academy of Sleep Medicine . Dr. Qanta Ahmed , wearing an abbaya , says the Saudi kingdom is rejecting the subjugation of women . NEW YORK  CNN  -- A judge in Saudi Arabia has said husbands are allowed to slap their wives if they spend lavishly , a Saudi newspaper reported this past weekend . In one fell swoop , the judge debased Islam , vilified the kingdom and disregarded the ideals the Saudi monarch himself embraces . Islam is very clear on this issue : Both a husband physically chastising his wife for "  overspending " and a judge "  upholding justice " by sanctioning this abuse would be acting counter to Islam 's ideals of compassion and justice . There is no basis in Islamic theology to support domestic abuse of any kind and specifically none pertaining to the matter of a wife 's spending pattern . What is critically important to note is that the judge is flagrantly in opposition to King Abdullah 's very public stance against both domestic violence and myopic clerics . The stark abasement of Islam that such a puritanical , backward-thinking judge would exact by issuing ridiculous decisions invites special scorn from the royal camp . Last year , in his annual speech marking Saudi Arabia 's National Day , the king first described threats to Islam from within its ranks . Later he denounced specifically those clergy who ridicule Islam by issuing perverse fatwas . He particularly criticized the clergy who issued edicts against the owners of satellite television for airing shows thought to be salacious during Ramadan  the holy month in Islam  and , on one occasion , an especially bizarre edict focusing on Mickey Mouse . The cleric issuing these edicts was later divested of his power by King Abdullah . Watch report on Saudi judge 's comment " In this much-feted speech , the king identified such distortions as offensive to Islamic ideals . He followed these very unambiguous statements with broader actions , replacing much of the nation 's clergy in February in recent domestic reforms and installing the first female Saudi minister in the country 's history . These actions send a strong signal to the increasingly calcified puritanical agents within the kingdom that their power would be successively and emphatically dismantled . Further , the monarch 's concerns about the defense of women and children who are victims of domestic violence has been widely demonstrated by his enthusiastic and highly visible patronage of the National Patient Family Safety Alliance , a movement founded by Dr. Maha Al Muneef under royal patrons who are daughters of the king . In March , more than 1,600 academics from more than 30 countries convened in Riyadh at the first symposium studying domestic violence in the kingdom . Together , international academics examined , measured and evaluated the growing reports of domestic violence and child abuse in the kingdom with a view to formulating solutions . Critics complain that abuse in Saudi Arabia is increasing , but authoritative experts in the field recognize that the climate for reporting and identifying abuse has only just arrived in the kingdom , thanks in large part to the HM King Abdullah 's open support and generous funding . The scale of domestic violence issues is , therefore , only just coming into focus . Why are the king 's gestures so important ? Because these causes relating to Saudi women have not been championed in such an aggressive manner since the time of Queen Iffat . She personally initiated mandatory education for Saudi girls in the 1960s into Saudi law , often pushing for it against the prevailing cultural norms of the time . King Abdullah has also pursued similar reforms intensely , recently laying the foundations for the largest women 's university in the world , which will educate 40,000 women at a time , and installing and empowering aggressive advocates who will actively pursue reforms for Saudi womanhood in particular . While the focus of the West remains on the pervasive abbaya in the kingdom or the longstanding restriction on women driving cars in the nation 's cities , uninformed outsiders fail to realize that many , many women operate unhindered by these "  restrictions . " In my time working in Saudi Arabia as an intensive care specialist , I came to learn that for most Saudi women , the abbaya is not a tool of oppression but rather one of liberation . For the observant Saudi lady who has often been raised in an environment that highly prizes securing the beauty and guarding the modesty of their womenfolk , donning abbayas allows them to work as chemical engineers at Aramaco or as fellow intensive care physicians in intensive care units at the nation 's state-of-the-art hospitals . My Saudi female colleagues could therefore replace valves and fix aneurysms even if they could n't make a three-point turn . I found them perfectly capable of managing the critically ill on mechanical ventilators and dialysis machines , all the while uncompromising of their values , maintaining their privacy in their veiled garments underneath their sterile gowns . Let us also not forget 40 percent of the wealth in Saudi Arabia is owned and controlled by women , and these women are frequently business owners and oftentimes themselves employers . Women are encouraged by Islam to maintain independent assets , assets over which men have no right or recourse even within the sanctity of marriage . For experienced kingdom watchers , it is exciting to see the outcry against the violation of human rights come from inside the kingdom , not merely from without . Women and progressive Saudi men who support them are not silenced . In fact , as observant Muslims , they are enjoined by Islam to expose any injustice , even and , in fact , especially when the infraction is committed by Muslims themselves . The judge fails on several levels : He fails the kingdom , his countrymen , his monarch and ultimately his fellow Muslims . For these failings , he should be called to task . Further , Islam demands that for Muslim women to advance their positions , rights and needs , they must gather into a cohesive social unit and mobilize . Women can demand what is fairly and rightly theirs , whether within the context of a marriage or a workplace only if they truly understand Islam , have sought out the knowledge and identified gaps in their own insight . So , in conclusion : Islam never condones slapping a wife for being "  spendthrift . " Rather it should be the judge who now needs to exercise prudence and restraint and quickly demonstrate remorse for his myopic "  Mickey Mouse Mufti " antics . This act of stupidity unfairly depicts the kingdom as draconian at a time when the tides of progressive reform are now waist-deep and rising . Such narrow perspectives only serve to fuel global Islamophobia that has greatly increased in the West post-9 / 11 . Muslims around the world and within the kingdom can no longer tolerate this stance , and the king , the Custodian of the Two Holy Sites of Islam , is n't likely to , either . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Qanta Ahmed .	Qanta Ahmed : Saudi judge wrongly said it 's OK to slap wife for spending too much She says there 's no basis in Islam for domestic violence of any kind Ahmed : Kingdom has moved to aggressively bolster the rights of women
More than 200,000 dolls from China , apparently shipped for holiday gift-giving , wo n't be going to any American children because U.S. authorities seized the shipments and alleged the toys contained banned chemical compounds , officials said Tuesday . The toys contained high levels of phthalates , which are chemical plasticizers used to make materials softer and more pliable , authorities said . Congress has banned the chemical in children 's toys . The U.S. Commercial Targeting and Analysis Center began targeting the shipments in April because they threatened children 's safety , authorities said . "  Using advanced technology to track certain shipments before they reach our shores is helping CPSC better protect America 's consumers , " Consumer Product Safety Commission Chairman Inez Tenenbaum said in a statement . U.S. authorities did n't identify the manufacturer of the toys Tuesday . A total of 10 shipments valued at almost $ 500,000 were seized at the ports of Chicago ; Dallas ; Los Angeles ; Norfolk , Virginia ; Memphis , Tennessee ; Newark , New Jersey ; Portland , Oregon ; and Savannah , Georgia , authorities said . Tenenbaum said her agency and the U.S. Customs and Border Protection have been targeting dangerous imports at several major ports through the use of a risk management system . Those efforts resulted in the seizure of more than 1.1 million unsafe products last fiscal year , authorities said . At the same time , the system also allows "  for faster processing of compliant products , " she said . "  Expanding our port surveillance program is key to preventing injuries and achieving our long-term vision , " Tenenbaum said . The U.S. toy industry lauded the seizure of the dangerous Chinese-made merchandise . "  The Toy Industry Association commends CBP and CPSC for their diligence and hard work at the ports to ensure that products violating strict federal safety laws never reach consumers , " Ed Desmond , the group 's executive vice president of external affairs , said in a statement .	More than 200,000 dolls from China allegedly contain banned chemicals The 10 shipments are valued at almost $ 500,000 , authorities say Investigators used "  advanced technology " to track down the shipments , officials say U.S. Toy Industry Association praises seizure
Ninety passengers aboard an Egypt Air flight from Cairo to Kuwait could have used actor Samuel L. Jackson this week after a snake reportedly bit a Jordanian man who smuggled the reptile onboard . Jackson 's character in the movie "  Snakes on a Plane " tries to figure out how to save the aircraft after crates of hyped-up serpents started killing the cast . There was n't quite that kind of drama on Monday , but the incident forced the pilot to make an emergency landing in the Egyptian resort town of Al Ghardaqa on the Red Sea , according to The Jordan Times . An Egypt Air official told the paper an investigation revealed that the 48-year-old passenger , who owns a reptile shop in Kuwait , had hidden the Egyptian cobra in a carry-on bag . The passenger was trying to control the snake after it bit his hand and started slithering under the seats . The Egyptian daily al-Masry al-Youm reported that the man refused medical treatment , claiming his wound was only superficial . The plane resumed its flight to Kuwait after local authorities confiscated the snake . Doctors told the passenger he should spend 24 hours in a hospital for observation , but the man refused , the Egyptian Air official said , according to The Jordan Times . Egyptian cobras are commonly found across North Africa . According to wildlife experts , the cobra 's venom is so deadly it can kill a full-grown elephant in three hours or a person in about 15 minutes . The venom destroys nerve tissue and causes paralysis and death because of respiratory failure . Legend has it that in ancient times , the Egyptian queen Cleopatra used an Egyptian cobra -- also known as an asp -- to commit suicide .	A reptile shop owner smuggled an Egyptian cobra in his carry-on for an Egypt Air flight The snake 's escape forced an emergency landing , where it was removed The snake bit its owner , but the man refused medical attention , saying bite was superficial
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas on Thursday invited Pope Francis to travel to the Middle East . The Palestinian ambassador to the Vatican , Issa Kassissieh , told CNN that while on a visit to the Vatican , Abbas had "  extended an official invitation to Pope Francis ... to visit the Holy Land and Palestine . " Opinion : Pope Francis inspires us to do more good The Holy Land is a biblical region that includes Israel and the Palestinian territories . The Vatican has not yet said whether the pontiff intends to take up the invitation . Since he was elected Pope in March , Francis has spoken of the common ground shared by people of different faiths . Addressing pilgrims Sunday , he asked them to "  pray for peace in the Middle East : in Syria , in Iraq , in Egypt , in Lebanon and in the Holy Land , where the Prince of Peace , Jesus Christ , was born . " Opinion : The Pope 's revolutionary message Pope Francis met with Israeli President Shimon Peres at the Vatican in April . A Vatican communique issued after that meeting said they had discussed the hope for a speedy resumption of direct talks between Israelis and Palestinians . "  Hope was expressed that this may assist in reaching an agreement that is respectful of the legitimate aspirations of the two peoples and capable of bringing lasting peace to the Holy Land and to the entire region , " the statement said . The Pope Emeritus , Benedict XVI , visited the Holy Land in May 2009 .	Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas invites Pope Francis to the Holy Land The Holy Land is a biblical region referring to Israel and the Palestinian territories The Pope Emeritus , Benedict XVI , visited the Holy Land in 2009
Washington  CNN  -- As the Martin Luther King Jr. . National Memorial was officially dedicated Sunday , speakers called for carrying on King 's ideals and values and confronting issues including bullying and social and economic justice for all Americans . "  Nearly 50 years after the March on Washington , our work -- Dr. King 's work -- is not yet complete , " President Barack Obama said at the dedication ceremony . The nation faces many challenges , he said , including an ailing economy , substandard education , war and tragedy . Progress , he said , can often be a slow and painful process . During the civil rights movement , "  progress was purchased through enduring the smack of billy clubs and the blast of fire hoses . It was bought with days in jail cells and nights of bomb threats . " Every victory was met with setbacks and defeat , Obama said . Today 's America can draw strength from that struggle , from King 's belief that we are one people and from his refusal to give up , the president said . "  Let us not be trapped by what is , " Obama said . "  We ca n't be discouraged by what is . We 've got to keep pushing for what ought to be . " He noted that King "  will stand for all time , among monuments to those who fathered this nation and those who defended it . A black preacher , no official rank or title , somehow gave voice to our deepest dreams and our most lasting ideas . " "  I know we will overcome , " the president said . "  I know there are better days ahead . I know this because of the man towering over us . " The monument to the slain civil rights leader was due to have been dedicated on August 28 , the anniversary of the 1963 March on Washington when King delivered his world-altering "  I Have a Dream " speech , but Hurricane Irene forced the event to be postponed . Perhaps , said the Rev. Bernice King , one of King 's daughters , that postponement was due to divine intervention . "  Perhaps God wanted us to move beyond the dream into action , " she said . "  As we dedicate this monument , I can hear my father saying that oppressed people can not remain oppressed forever , " she said . "  The yearning for freedom eventually manifests itself ... I hear my father saying what we are seeing now , all across the streets of America and the world , is a freedom explosion . " She called for "  a radical revolution of values and reordering of priorities in this nation . " She urged attendees to also pay homage to her mother , Coretta Scott King , who even as a grieving widow with four children "  raised a nation in my father 's teachings and values . It was vitally important to her that his life and principles become institutionalized . " The memorial site , which features a striking 30-foot statue of King gazing out on the iconic Tidal Basin , lies between the Lincoln Memorial and the Thomas Jefferson Memorial on the National Mall . The statue , representing a "  Stone of Hope , " sits forward from a "  Mountain of Despair . " Visitors pass through the mountain on their way to King 's statue and an expanse along the basin rimmed with an inscription wall covered with stone carvings of some of his most famous quotes . The four-acre area will also feature the iconic cherry blossom trees that draw thousands of tourists to the Mall each spring . "  The very first time that I came to the site , I was almost overwhelmed , " Martin Luther King III said . "  I really was impressed by this artist . He was able to capture the essence of my dad . " On Sunday , he described his father as "  a champion of human rights and social justice for all people , " regardless of race , gender and ethnicity . "  Let us not forget that he paid the ultimate price for our civil rights , " he said . But , he said , "  we 've lost our souls , " noting the recent killing of a black man in Mississippi ; child bullying ; wars in Iraq and Afghanistan ; and the lack of social and economic justice . The American dream , he said , has "  turned into a nightmare for millions . " Former CBS Evening News anchor Dan Rather said that while King 's main battle was racial injustice , today 's fight is against greed and for economic justice . "  This time we judge people , not on the content of their character , but the color of their money , " he said . "  Once again , we have Americans on the outside looking in . " "  There is heavy lifting to be done again , " Rather said . "  And in the spirit of Dr. King 's lasting legacy , we need to start now . " If King were here today , said the Rev. Jesse Jackson , he would tell the Occupy Wall Street protesters to "  keep protesting . Remain nonviolent . Stay disciplined . Stay focused . " U.S. Rep. John Lewis recalled protesting in Washington 48 years ago . Of those that spoke near the Lincoln Memorial that day , "  I 'm the only one still around , " he said . He recalled that King never asked protesters to do anything he would not do himself . "  He was arrested , jailed , beaten and constantly harassed . His home was bombed . He was stabbed . He suffered the slings and arrows of hate . " He said he 's heard talk that nothing has changed . "  Come and walk in my shoes , " he told attendees . "  Dr. King is telling you that we have changed . We 're better people . We 're a better nation . " Other speakers at the dedication included the Rev. Al Sharpton ; the Rev. Joseph Lowery ; actresses Cicely Tyson , Diahann Carroll and 12-year-old Amandla Stenberg ; and Marian Wright Edelman , founder and president of the Children 's Defense Fund . Singer Aretha Franklin sang "  Take My Hand , Precious Lord , " a tune she said King often requested . The Obamas listened intently as she sang . Michelle Obama applauded in spots , while the president closed his eyes . The Obama family toured the memorial before the president 's speech . Controversy still lingers around the statue and a quote from King . Sculptor Ed Dwight , who has made seven statues of King , objects to the memorial 's depiction of the icon -- and to the artist chosen to create it . "  This idea of having this 30-foot-tall sculpture of this man , and this confrontational look , he would not appreciate that , because that was not him , " Dwight argues . He also objects to the choice of Chinese artist Lei Yixin . "  I feel strongly that the whole thing should 've been done here in America , " Dwight said . Harry Johnson Sr. , head of the Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. . National Memorial Foundation , said : "  We got the best man for the job . " And Lei , for his part , said America did not have sole claim on King . "  Martin Luther King is not only a hero of America , he 's also a hero of the world , " he said . Celebrated poet and author Maya Angelou has a different objection to the memorial , saying that one of the quotes has been edited to make King appear arrogant . It reads : "  I was a drum major for justice peace and righteousness . " Angelou says an important clause was taken out of the passage from a 1968 sermon at Ebenezer Baptist Church in Atlanta . King 's original words were : "  If you want to say that I was a drum major , say that I was a drum major for justice . Say that I was a drum major for peace . I was a drum major for righteousness . And all of the other shallow things will not matter . " Leaving out the "  if " changes the meaning , Angelou said . "  It should not be seen like he was so full of himself . Because he was not . He was a very humble man , " she said . "  It is not an apt reportage of what Dr. King said . It is an edited statement . " The memorial 's executive architect Ed Jackson stood by the wording and said there are no plans to alter the structure . Jackson , who oversaw the memorial 's design and construction , said in a statement that the memorial foundation "  feels comfortable with the choices we needed to make based on the space available and the messages that we wanted to convey to visitors . " He said a "  council of historians " had been consulted , adding they suggested 14 quotations and two statements for possible inclusion on the monument 's granite walls that "  best characterize and reflect " King as a leader as well as his values . "  In no way do we believe that this paraphrased statement diminishes Dr. King 's intent of the words he delivered , " Jackson said . "  The inscription on the Stone of Hope comes directly from Dr. King 's words . " Former U.N. Ambassador , former Atlanta mayor and civil rights leader Andrew Young said King was sensitive about his small stature , as he stood only 5 feet 7 inches . "  Now he 's 30 feet tall , looking down on everybody , " Young said . CNN 's Athena Jones , T.J. Holmes and Roland Martin contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama : "  We 've got to keep pushing for what ought to be " King 's children urge that his ideals and values be remembered Speakers at the ceremony urge the pursuit of economic justice Celebrated writer Maya Angelou says King has been edited to make him seem arrogant
CNN  -- The murder of rapper Dolla reverberated throughout the music industry on Tuesday as police sought a motive for the brazen killing . Rap artist Dolla was known as a nice guy who survived a rough childhood . The aspiring Southern hip-hop artist , whose real name was Roderick Anthony Burton II , was gunned down in the busy parking lot of the upscale Beverly Center mall in Los Angeles , California , on Monday afternoon . Police later arrested Aubrey Louis Berry , 23 , at Los Angeles International Airport , a Los Angeles Police statement said . No other details were given about Berry . The 21-year-old rapper was based in Atlanta , Georgia . He was in Los Angeles to work on his debut album . Those who knew him said that despite coming from a rough background , Burton was extremely gracious and polite . "  Everything with Dolla was ` please ' and ` thank you , ' " said Ant Rich , manager of A&R for Jive Records , who discovered the rapper for the label when Burton was 17 and helped sign him a year later . "  The streets did not define him at all . He was bigger than that . " Dolla was a protégé of singer Akon , who collaborated with him on his first single , "  Who the F -- is That ? " which also featured another high-profile artist , T-Pain . Another Dolla song , "  Feelin ' Myself , " appeared on the soundtrack to the 2006 movie "  Step Up . " According to his official MySpace page , Dolla was born in Chicago , Illinois , and his family relocated to Los Angeles soon after . He was 5 years old when he and his older sister , Divinity , witnessed their father committing suicide . After that incident , their mother moved the family to Atlanta , according to his biography . The Burton family released the following statement on Tuesday : "  First and foremost we , the family , would like to thank everyone for all their kind thoughts and prayers . Furthermore , the family would like to note that rumored details of the shooting on popular Web/blog sites are false . "  Due to the circumstances of the situation , no other information will be released at this time . We are grateful for your continuous support and would be very appreciative if we could mourn this loss in private . "  Additionally , information released before and after this official statement are not confirmed nor should they be considered accurate . " Rich said Dolla , who also did some modeling for P. Diddy 's Sean John label , loved his family deeply . He was the guy with the great smile who would do things like offer to pick up the bill after a meeting with music executives , Rich said . "  You would tell him ` Look Dolla , you do n't have to do that because we get reimbursed for this ' and he would say ` No , no you got it last time , let me , ' " Rich said . "  The world lost a really good kid and he had the biggest heart . " DeAngelo Jones books talent for BET and got to know Dolla after he performed at the network 's "  Spring Bling " event last year . He said the artist was humbled and grateful for the success he was starting to find in the industry . "  That energy was what drew me to him , " said Jones , who stayed in touch with Dolla after the show and often ran into him at other events . "  A lot of times there are negative associations that go along with being a rapper , but he was not at all what the image of a rapper is portrayed to be . " Jones said he was at the Beverly Center only a short time before the shooting occurred . Jones said it was unfortunate that Dolla 's slaying is yet another incident that will link hip-hop with violence . "  Hip-hop gets such a bad rap , ever since the deaths of Biggie and Tupac , " Jones said . " -LSB- Dolla -RSB- just wanted to be successful , help other people and do the right thing . What 's so hard for me is to see where his life was heading , because he was definitely on the right course . " Jerry Barrow , senior editor for The Urban Daily , a publication devoted to African-Americans in pop culture , noted that it was unfortunate that Dolla is finding mainstream recognition posthumously . "  With his modeling and his music , he did more before the age of 20 than many people do , " Barrow said . "  It 's a shame that this is how many people are now discovering him and his music . " Rashan Ali , a disc jockey with Atlanta 's Hot 107.9 radio station , said the city has a thriving hip-hop community . Her station , which plays hip-hop , often has its lobby filled with aspiring artists trying to get their music heard . With the success of Atlanta-based artists like rappers T.I. , Outkast , and Young Jeezy , more and more young people are drawn to the area to try and make the connections that will find them fame , Ali said . That Dolla was killed while pursuing his craft is especially sad , she said . " -LSB- Dolla -RSB- was minding his business , in Los Angeles trying to record his music and this happens , " Ali said . "  It 's horrific and now a mother has to bury her child . It 's senseless . "	Those who knew rapper Dolla mourn his loss The Atlanta-based rapper was killed at the Beverly Center mall in Los Angeles Family releases a statement asking for privacy to mourn Dolla , whose real name was Roderick Anthony Burton II , was 21
CNN  -- In 2009 , Brad Paisley released the song "  Welcome to the Future " from his album "  American Saturday Night . " In it , he sings about all the cultural changes he 's witnessed in his life , including the evolving demographics of the country . He includes glowing references to the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. and Rosa Parks . The election of Barack Obama inspired him to write it . It 's important to keep all of that in mind because for some , Paisley 's latest song , "  Accidental Racist , " is making him look like an intentional one . I am reminded of an adage  but with a twist  : No good ditty goes unpunished . "  Accidental " attempts to address a subject matter so few artists in country music are willing to do , which makes Paisley a brave man in so many ways . Paisley , LL Cool J team up for song Country music fans are notorious for excommunicating those whom they perceive as undesirable  see Wright , Chely  . Despite Paisley 's immense popularity , if he makes one misstep , everything could be snatched away . And attempting to bring a blue state conversation to red state radio could be one of those missteps . "  I 'm not proud that people 's ancestors were beaten and held in bondage , " Paisley told USA Today . "  But I am sure as heck proud of the farm I live on and the Confederate soldier buried there . " Infusing such a dichotomy into a song can be powerful . Unfortunately , "  Accidental " sucks as a song . The chorus reeks like a '90s boy band ballad . But its greatest sin is that in Paisley 's effort to push for racial harmony , it miscasts the country 's racial tension -- with emphasis on the Confederate flag and Abraham Lincoln -- as a distant thing of the past . A relic . Meanwhile , those of us in the real world are reading stories about an elected official referring to Mexicans as "  w ----- . " No , it 's not the 1960s . But if racial tension was really that far back in our rearview , why are students at Wilcox County High School in Georgia fighting to desegregate its prom ? Or why was the notoriously liberal Harry Reid impressed with then-Sen . Barack Obama 's lack of a "  Negro dialect " ? There is a way to talk about race without being consumed with the past or denial of our present . But obviously "  Accidental " did not find that route . As a result , Paisley is getting hammered for pouring faux apologies on top of a stack of syrupy denials . The most scathing review came from Gawker , which said , "  Brad , I do n't think you 're the one paying for the ` mistake ' of buying and selling human beings . " The song is bad . But the intention is not . His heart is not bad . The questions that "  Accidental " raised are worth asking . Paisley just did it so awkwardly . Part of the problem with addressing racism is that white people are so afraid of saying -- or in Paisley 's case -- singing the wrong thing . But if we 're going to usher in the next wave of tolerance , allowing for these "  mistakes " is important . Besides , minorities do n't have all of the answers on the topic either . Case in point . LL Cool J , who is featured in the song , sings : "  Now my chains are gold but I 'm still misunderstood . ... " Damn LL -- really dude ? LL Cool J 's proud of ` Accidental Racist ' Anyway , I hope "  Accidental " does n't scare Paisley away from continuing to push himself or his audience . He could 've gone the vacuous love song route , but he aspired for something more . Looking at the results of the 2012 election , the resources being allocated by the Republican National Committee to reach minorities , and the push by both parties for immigration reform , I 'd say a song about racial harmony performed by two men from opposite sides of the track was worth pursuing . Yes , the mockery and "  Saturday Night Live " skit will come . But let 's hope the usual knee-jerky "  he 's a racist " label is left behind because Paisley is not a racist . In fact , he 's one of the most kindhearted people you could meet . And over the years he 's recorded some incredibly powerful songs such as "  When I Get Where I 'm Going " and "  Letter to Me . " Paisley performed "  Welcome to the Future " in the White House for the president . And the song hit No. 2 on Billboard 's country music chart . Given that , I 'd say the impetus behind "  Accidental " was worth chasing -- even if he and LL tripped and fell along the way . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : Brad Paisley 's song "  Accidental Racist " provokes criticism Granderson : It was brave of Paisley to try to address racial issues in country music He says that "  Accidental " raises provocative questions , but Paisley did it awkwardly Granderson : If we 're going to usher in more tolerance , we have to allow for "  mistakes "
CNN  -- In "  Glorious Mission Online , " China 's first online game co-developed by the People 's Liberation Army and released to the public , players join the ranks of the country 's military to take on the enemy . The game was originally developed by China 's military as a training and recruitment tool and featured Chinese forces taking on American soldiers . But the game drew massive nationwide attention because of one level , which pits Chinese soldiers against a different enemy -- Japan . This level is set on an island chain disputed between China and Japan . The game asks players to defend the Diaoyu Islands in the East China Sea , known as the Senkaku Islands in Japan . Both countries claim sovereignty over the remote , rocky islands , which are near important shipping lanes , rich fishing grounds and possible mineral deposits . Japan currently administers the area , but since late last year , China has mounted a concerted campaign to try to change the situation . Chinese and Japanese ships cluster around disputed islands So popular was the game in stoking nationalism amid growing tension between the East Asian neighbors over the islands , developers have officially changed the name of the island mission level to "  Defending the Diaoyu Islands . " "  The part where we defend the Diaoyu Islands and the aircraft combat were fun ! All Chinese should play , " posted @Gaici2hao . @Haidaoshengmingyue posted : "  We fought with the Japanese yesterday in Shanghai and the Diaoyu Islands , it 's cool . " Although interest in the game has centered on the territorial issue , game developer Gu Kai says this was not the intention . "  I think the game has been misinterpreted a little bit , " says Gu , whose firm Giant Interactive Group , Inc. co-developed the game with the Nanjing Military Area Command of the PLA . Gu says the company never specified the island area as the disputed territory in the first place , and the decision to label the mission was in response to growing public interest over the topic . The idea of using military-themed game to train soldiers or serve as a recruitment tool is not new . The U.S. army has an online game called "  America 's Army " that allows players to go on training missions and fight each other online . According to Gu , "  Glorious Mission " targets nationalistic youths who are attracted to online games . A press release from Giant Interactive Group claims that the game presents a full picture of the PLA 's daily operations and calls upon youths to join the army , defend their country , and strengthen the "  Chinese Dream . " Gu says it is hoped the game will help recruit more recent graduates who are experiencing increasing difficulty in a declining China job market , together with well-educated college graduates . Compared to other countries , China is relatively late in terms of using games as military training and recruitment . "  For a long time , Chinese military has been distant and mysterious to the public , but the game opens a door for young people to learn about the PLA and how the military operates , " Gu says . "  The game aims to provide players with an authentic experience ; even the voices are from real soldiers . "	First online game co-developed by the People 's Liberation Army allows players to fight Japan In one level , players are asked to defend disputed Diaoyu islands , known as Senkaku in Japan Game developer Gu Kai says the game targets nationalistic youths in hopes of recruiting them
CNN Student News  -- March 18 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Detroit , Michigan • Israel • Oxford University Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : A prestigious scholarship or a professional football career ? One student athlete is trying to prove that you can have both . I 'm Carl Azuz . CNN Student News starts right now ! First Up : Jobs Bill AZUZ : First up , a bill aimed at creating new jobs is about to become a law . A vote in the Senate put the final seal of approval on the legislation yesterday , moved it on to President Obama for his signature . The bill has gone back and forth in the House and the Senate . At $ 17.6 billion , it 's actually a scaled-down version of a jobs bill that was put together last month . Here 's some of what it includes : Tax breaks for companies that hire people who are currently unemployed . Tax breaks for businesses that spend money on major investments or purchases . And funding for highway and transit programs this year . Some experts say the bill could create 300,000 new jobs . Others say it does n't guarantee that companies will start hiring , and some lawmakers have argued that the bill does n't do nearly enough . Rising Waters AZUZ : In parts of the midwestern United States , National Guard members and local volunteers are fighting to keep the Red River at bay . A lot of these volunteers are high school and college students who are spending their spring breaks filling and stacking sandbags . The river 's waters are on the rise thanks to melting snow , and there 's a threat of serious flooding . This same thing happened last year when the Red River hit a record level in Fargo , North Dakota . Rob Marciano has more on the impact of the severe weather then and now . BEGIN VIDEO ROB MARCIANO , CNN METEOROLOGIST : In Fargo , North Dakota , residents are trying to stack one million sandbags in hopes of pushing back the Red River , which could crest 20 feet above flood stage later this week . Last year , about 100 homes in the area were damaged and thousands of people were evacuated when the Red did n't go down for a record 61 days and crested twice . In the Northeast , a wild storm has left hundreds of thousands of residents either without power or with most of what they own underwater . Trees ripped down power lines , tore up sidewalks and crushed cars . The storm is being blamed for at least seven deaths . Many had to leave their front doors by boat or in the arms of heavy equipment . END VIDEO I.D. Me RICK VINCENT , CNN STUDENT NEWS : See if you can I.D. Me ! I 'm a U.S. city that was founded in 1701 . I 'm known as the Motor City because of my connection to the auto industry . I 'm not the capital of Michigan , but I am the largest city in the state . I 'm Detroit , and I 'm home to about 4 million people . Closing AZUZ : In three months , more than 40 Detroit schools will be closed . It 's part of a $ 1 billion plan that was announced yesterday . The Detroit School District is looking for ways to cut costs . Officials say this plan will save $ 31 million in 2010 and help save money in the future . At a meeting to announce the proposal , Robert Bobb , the Emergency Financial Manager for Detroit Public Schools , said it will create a "  leaner , smarter " school system . Detroit is dealing with buildings and facilities that are getting older . Plus , student enrollment in the district has dropped significantly ; there are 50,000 empty seats . Community members will get a chance to offer feedback at a series of town hall meetings . But yesterday , Mr. Bobb outlined the long-term goals for the district . ROBERT BOBB , EMERGENCY FINANCIAL MANAGER , DETROIT PUBLIC SCHOOLS : We believe that this plan provides certainty where , in the minds of some , there may be uncertainty . We want to build flexible , adaptable and sustainable learning environments . We want to support smaller learning environments . Want to develop multi-use facilities that support community use and community partnerships . U.S. Relations AZUZ : Last weekend , the Israeli ambassador to the U.S. reportedly said the relationship between the two countries was the worst it 's been in 35 years . We told you about that . Now , though , he says he never said that . There has been some tension between the countries recently , but the Israeli ambassador says "  recent events do not represent the lowest point in the relations between Israel and the United States . " He added that the nations disagree on some issues , but says he 's confident the differences will soon be overcome . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton had some harsh words for Israel recently . But on Tuesday , she called the bond between the countries "  unshakable , " although she added that the U.S. is still waiting for Israel 's response on proving that the Middle Eastern country is serious about a Middle East peace plan . Most Visited AZUZ : If you run a Google search , you 'll find out that Facebook just passed Google as the most popular site on the Internet last week . From March 7th to the 13th , Facebook accounted for seven percent of all U.S. Web traffic . In the past , Facebook has been the number one site on individual days ; this is the first time it 's won an entire week . This only covers Facebook.com and Google.com , so it does n't include other Google sites like Gmail . Google had been on top every week since September 2007 . It took over the number one spot from another social networking site , MySpace . Facebook Promo AZUZ : We get a ton of traffic at our Facebook page : That 's Facebook.com / CNNStudentNews . I had a few minutes last night at work to log on and answer some of your questions . A student named Zach had a great one ; he asked how we select responses from our blog . The answer : It 's on the wall at Facebook.com / CNNStudentNews . You never know when I might show up ! Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for the Shoutout ! Rhodes scholars are invited to study at what university ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Is it : A  Cambridge , B  Harvard , C  Stanford or D  Oxford ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! An invitation to study at Oxford University in England accompanies a Rhodes Scholarship . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Scholar 's Comeback AZUZ : One of last year 's Rhodes Scholars , Myron Rolle , is spending his time at Oxford studying medical anthropology . Eventually , he wants to go to medical school and become a neurosurgeon . It 's not his only dream job . Right now , he 's trying to tackle the football field . Soledad O'Brien has more on the Rolle reversal . BEGIN VIDEO SOLEDAD O'BRIEN , CNN SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT : Myron Rolle was on a fast track to having it all . MYRON ROLLE , NFL PROSPECT : How you doing ? O'BRIEN : A gifted athlete , he was all but assured enormous fame and even bigger money . Then , something happened . You quit , basically . ROLLE : I did . I did . I do n't like saying that word . O'BRIEN : From the moment he first touched a football , Myron Rolle was a star . ROLLE : I was pretty good at it . I was bigger than all the kids , so I had some success . O'BRIEN : In high school , ESPN ranked Myron the number one senior football player in the country . Eighty-three colleges made him an offer . Myron chose Florida State University , a prime launching pad for the pros . Myron played safety . His future : a shoo-in , first-round pick in the NFL draft last year , millions of dollars to follow . But that 's when he basically quit , when he put it all at risk . Why did you leave ? Why did you quit football ? ROLLE : I left football because the Rhodes Scholarship was too great to pass up . It was either now or never . O'BRIEN : He won a prestigious Rhodes Scholarship , a chance to earn a Masters Degree in medical anthropology at Oxford University in England . Myron moved to England and watched the NFL draft from the sidelines . ROLLE : It hurt . It really did . It pained me . Like inside , deep . I said , I can be out there right now making millions of dollars . That could be my name being called . But when I went to Oxford , I said , this is the right choice . O'BRIEN : He 's not done with his studies . He has more to do at Oxford . But now , nearly a year later , with that certainty of his , Myron Rolle came back . After a few years in the pros , he wants to go to med school to become a neurosurgeon . He 's got to get back to England to finish his degree . ROLLE : This is the mud from England right here . O'BRIEN : Make no mistake , here , no one cares about Oxford . This is business , high stakes football . Is this guy as good as he was a year ago ? And now , game on . Myron played well in the Senior Bowl . The NFL draft is weeks away . It 's pressure . ROLLE : Sometimes it 's overwhelming . Sometimes you have to take a step back . O'BRIEN : So many people counting on him . ROLLE : You know what RS stands for ? UNIDENTIFIED MALE : What 's that ? ROLLE : Rhodes Scholar . O'BRIEN : For In America , Soledad O'Brien , CNN , Orlando . END VIDEO Downloadable Maps AZUZ : Oxford , Israel , Detroit . Today 's show 's all over the map . If you head to CNNStudentNews.com , scroll down and look on the left-hand side , you can use our downloadable maps to find out exactly where we went . They 're totally free ! You can find them every day at your favorite Web site . Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , maybe you 've seen a horse fly . But you 've never seen one this big . Colorado -- the horse , not the state -- was air-lifted to safety on Tuesday after being swept away by a river late last week and stranded on a sand bar . It took rescuers four days to reach Colorado and get him hooked up to this harness . The one-mile flight to dry land only lasted a few minutes . Goodbye AZUZ : But during that time , that horse was the mane event . Time for us to giddy up and go , but not furlong . CNN Student News returns tomorrow .	Find out why some U.S. students are spending spring break filling sandbags Consider the reasons why Detroit is planning to close more than 40 schools Hear how a Rhodes Scholar is tackling the move back to the football field Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  -- Note to self : When soliciting for drugs on Twitter , try a direct message . Facing another boring day at work , a Toronto car repair shop worker decided some weed would be just the thing to make the day fly by . Instead of reaching out by phone or walking to his friendly neighborhood drug dealer , the user , using the handle @Sunith_DB8R , tweeted that he needed a joint delivered to his workplace in Vaughan , just north of Toronto . Opinions on marijuana reaching tipping point The York Regional Police , @YRP , caught a whiff of the request and enthusiastically -- perhaps too enthusiastically -- responded with , "  Awesome ! Can we come too ? " You can imagine what happens next . The police forwarded the tweet to an account for a man listed on the board of directors for the repair shop chain . But it did n't end there . When oversharing online can get you arrested The exchange was retweeted thousands of times . At one point it was a top trend in Toronto that Tuesday . The tweeter then tried a couple of different tactics . First , defiance . "  Never knew weed smokers are more wanted in society than shooters & rapists . Big smh to all of y' all , " said one tweet . Then , retreat . "  People really think I 'm serious with my tweets ? MANNNNNNNN . " Finally , shame . "  Ca n't lie , stupid move but would y' all have noticed that tweet if YRP did n't retweet it ? " Since the tweeter named the company , Mr. Lube , and the intersection where his shop was , the chain got involved . "  Thank you to the York Regional Police for your help and great work . The matter has now been handled , " it said in a tweet . Handled ? "  Just got the call of termination , " tweeted the worker later that afternoon . Make that , the ex-worker . Canadian broadcaster CTV reached out to the manager of the repair shop , who said "  there was an employee here by that name ; he no longer works for us . " The York Regional Police explained in a later tweet , "  If you shouted on a busy street corner about illegal activity & we drove by , we 'd intervene . Think of Twitter as a virtual street corner . " And one final volley from the social media-savvy department . "  At the end an interesting day , a reminder to our tweeps : the Internet is a public forum #tweetsafe #tweetclassy #imagineyourmamareadingit " Lesson learned ? Probably . The next day , the man deleted his account . CNN 's Ed Payne contributed to this report	Tweeting for pot costs man his job Police catch whiff of Twitter request for weed Police : "  Can we come too ? " Retweeting request gains social media buzz
TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- Police found three men dead in a car parked outside a spa Monday morning -- the latest in a string of suicides involving detergent , officials said . According to local media reports , more than 60 people have committed suicide across Japan in the last month by mixing detergent and other chemicals , and inhaling the hydrogen sulfide gas that results . A passerby discovered the bodies of the three men in Tamioka , north of Tokyo , police said . In western Japan , police found a 21-year-old man with a plastic bag over his head Monday . A police officer in Suma , where the body was found , said authorities found detergent containers by the foot of the man . They suspect the man may have inhaled the toxic gas after mixing them in the bag . Earlier this month , police in Japan had asked Internet service providers to take down the recipe for the detergent mix . Even before the spate of recent suicides , Japan had one of the highest rates of suicide in the world . In early May , police evacuated about 350 people from their homes on the island of Hokkaido after a neighbor mixed detergent and chemicals to kill himself . The two most recent cases did not require the evacuation of the neighborhoods where they occurred . In some cases , officials had to order residents to leave because the resulting gas from the detergent mix can sicken people . CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki contributed to this report	Police found three men dead in a car parked outside a spa Monday morning More than 60 people have committed suicide across Japan in the last month Police say string of ` detergent suicides ' encouraged by Internet sites Japan has one of the highest suicide rates in the world
A Texas judge ordered a Fort Worth hospital to remove a pregnant and brain-dead woman from respirators and ventilators on Friday , perhaps ending a wrenching legal debate about who is alive , who is dead and how the presence of a fetus changes the equation . Erick Munoz , husband of Marlise Munoz , broke down in tears after Judge R.H. Wallace told John Peter Smith Hospital to act on his order by 5 p.m. Monday . Munoz and other family members had been fighting to have the body released for burial . Hospital officials resisted , saying they were trying to obey a Texas law that says "  you can not withhold or withdraw life-sustaining treatment for a pregnant patient , " in the words of the hospital spokesman . Munoz left the courthouse without talking to reporters , but the family 's lawyers spoke out . Jessica Janicek argued that the hospital was "  utilizing  Marlise Munoz 's  body as a science experiment . " A breakthrough came when the hospital and the Munoz family agreed on crucial facts listed in a court document : that Marlise Munoz , 33 , has "  met the clinical criteria for brain death since November 28 " and that "  the fetus gestating inside Mrs. Munoz is not viable . " The woman 's husband repeatedly made these claims in his efforts to have her removed from the machines . Mom of pregnant woman : Change the law The story may have more chapters . The hospital could appeal or decide to remove Marlise Munoz from a ventilator and respirator before that deadline . The judge did not rule on the constitutionality of a state law regarding the treatment of a pregnant patient . Erick and Marlise Munoz , two trained paramedics , had been awaiting the arrival of their second child when she was found unconscious on her kitchen floor around 2 a.m. November 26 . She was rushed to the north-central Texas hospital . Once there , Erick Munoz said , he was told his wife "  was for all purposes brain dead . " The family also says the fetus may have been deprived of oxygen . Erick Munoz had contended doctors told him his wife "  had lost all activity in her brain stem " and an accompanying chart stated that she was "  brain dead . " Husband said wife did n't want to be on ventilator During Friday 's hearing in Fort Worth , representatives of the hospital -- in this case , from the Tarrant County District Attorney 's office -- argued that state law was correctly applied . Erik Munoz and other family members said the hospital should abide by her wishes -- which were n't written down but , they said , relayed verbally to them -- and not have machines keep her organs and blood running . In an affidavit filed Thursday in court , Erick Munoz said little to him now is recognizable about Marlise . Her bones crack when her stiff limbs move . Her usual scent has been replaced by the "  smell of death . " And her once lively eyes have become "  soulless . " After the Friday hearing , another family lawyer , Jessica King , said , "  Pregnant women die every day . They die in car accidents , of heart attacks and other injuries . And when they die , their fetus dies with them . "  It 's the way it 's always been and the way it should be . " Lawyers : Records back claim that woman is brain dead In his lawsuit , Munoz claims subsequent measures taken at the hospital -- and , in turn , the state law used to justify them -- amounted "  to nothing more than the cruel and obscene mutilation of a deceased body against the expressed will of the deceased and her family . " The hospital and the Tarrant County District Attorney 's Office , which defended the medical facility , did not offer the same level of detail as members of the Munoz family . But earlier this month , hospital spokesman J.R. Labbe told CNN that his hospital believed "  the courts are the appropriate venue to provide clarity , direction and resolution in this matter . " Late Friday , the hospital issued this statement : "  JPS Health Network appreciates the potential impact of the consequences of the order on all parties involved and will be consulting with the Tarrant County District Attorney 's office . " When life support is really ` death support '	Judge orders hospital to remove woman from ventilator , respirator Hospital agrees woman brain dead since November 28 , fetus not viable , court papers say Family wants her taken off respirator , ventilator so they can take her body and bury it Fort Worth hospital had said it was following state law by keeping her on ventilator
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Security threats from mobile malware are on the rise and nearly 95 % of targets operate on the Android operating system , according to a new report from NQ Mobile . The mobile security firm , with headquarters in both the U.S. and China , estimates that nearly 33 million Android devices were targeted by malware in 2012 -- a jump of more than 200 % from the year prior . "  Android is one of the most powerful operating systems in the world . It allows developers to develop some of the most innovative applications out there , " said Omar Khan , Co-CEO of NQ Mobile , to CNN 's Nina dos Santos . "  But because it 's so open it also gives the opportunity for bad actors in the system to take advantage of that openness to develop malicious applications as well . " According to the NQ report , one type of malware is delivered through app repackaging in which a user downloads a mobile application that looks legitimate but is actually a harmful program . Malware can also be downloaded through fake websites when a user clicks on a URL that appears authentic but is not . Mobile users can also be duped through so-called "  smishing " -- a combination of the words SMS and phishing -- where a user receives a text message asking for personal information like a credit card number , e-mail address or social security number . And while personal information is one casualty from malicious software , personal harm could occur with new programs being developed . Earlier this month , a German hacker -- and licensed commercial pilot -- raised eyebrows with claims he developed an app that could remotely hijack an airplane using an Android phone . With the increase in mobile malware , consumers need to be smarter in how they protect themselves and where they click . Nearly 25 % of malware on mobile devices comes from pornography websites , according to a recent study from Blue Coat , a Web security and optimization company . Also , more than three of every 10 smartphone users have no password on their device according to a global survey by Web security firm McAfee . NQ 's Khan puts the number even higher -- at one out of every two . "  The simplest thing we can do is put passwords on our phones . Installing security and encryption solutions  are another  way to do it . Also educating our consumers and our enterprise users not to connect and leave open wi-fi connections or Bluetooth connections -- only to connect to trusted sources . A lot of times we 'll connect to anything . " The NQ report also revealed that China , India and Russia were the top three countries with infected mobile devices . "  In the emerging markets it 's our only lifeline to the internet so hackers are finding that information more and more valuable which is why they 're going after these devices , " said Khan .	Security threats by malicious software targeting mobile devices on rise , says NQ Mobile Nearly 95 % of all global malware targets phones operating on Android OS Almost 33 million Android devices were targeted by malware in 2012 Mobile devices in developing countries often targeted for personal data mining
Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia  CNN  -- A video of a teenage Malaysian mother beating her baby daughter has generated a storm of outrage online a year after it was filmed , prompting the Malaysian Police to announce that the woman is already serving an 18-month prison sentence for the offense . In a post on their Facebook page this week , the Malaysian Police said they had received hundreds of complaints and comments about the case after the four-minute video of the mother repeatedly striking the baby with her hand , her foot and a pillow went viral . The video fueled anger and disgust among Internet users from Malaysia to Massachusetts , where local news broadcaster WWLP-22News reported receiving "  many emails " about the footage . The mother was 18 years old when she inflicted the beating on her 10-month-old child in May 2011 , according to Arjunaidi Mohamed , the chief of police in Petaling Jaya , the suburb of Kuala Lumpur where the attack took place . A friend of the mother , who had become concerned after witnessing her beating the child previously , filmed the violence and took the video evidence to the police the same day , Arjunaidi said . As a result , the mother was convicted of child abuse and sentenced to 18 months in prison , he said , declining to disclose her name . Attempts to obtain comment from the mother or a representative for her were unsuccessful Friday . The baby was put into the care of a foster family after her mother 's arrest and is now doing "  very well , " said Fatimah Zuraidah Salleh , deputy director of the children division of the Social Welfare Department . Welfare officials check in every month with the foster family , who are unconnected to the family of the mother , Fatimah said . The initial furor this week among Internet users over the video appeared to stem from uncertainty about when the beating took place and the current status of the mother and child . Once the Malaysian Police clarified the situation , online reactions consisted of relief that the authorities had intervened and dismay that the mother had not received a harsher sentence . "  Good to hear police immediately took action and thanks for clearing the air , " a Facebook user named Prakash Raj said in a comment on the police 's page , adding that he thought the sentence was too light . "  She 's lucky that did n't happen here in the States , " said another Facebook user , Cindy Watanabe . "  Not only would her sentence be a whole lot longer , she probably would n't have made it to prison to serve her time and would never be able to hurt another child again . " A court will assess whether the mother , who is to be released in late November , will be allowed to regain custody of the child , should she wish to , Fatimah said , adding that the process is rigorous . Arjunaidi , the police chief , refuted speculation that the mother had been raped before committing the abuse . He said the woman was unmarried . He ascribed the cause of her actions to "  frustration . " It was unclear why the video had surfaced online a year after the event . The police are investigating the leak of the video , Arjunaidi said . By Friday evening , some of the Facebook posts of the video were taken down . CNN 's Alden Mahler Levine contributed to this report .	An online furor erupted over a video showing a teenage mother beating her child The Malaysian Police say the violence took place a year ago The woman is serving an 18-month prison sentence The baby is now in the care of a foster family , the authorities say
I remember watching TV shows such as "  The Jetsons " when I was a child and fantasizing about the possibilities of living with a robot , riding in a flying car , or having food instantly show up warm and ready whenever I wanted it . Fast forward a couple decades later , and it turns out that we are now on the brink of a Jetsons-like reality . Robotics companies are popping up all around the world , enabling humans to program objects with artificial intelligence to do mundane tasks for them , ranging from mopping the floors to answering doors . Startups like Terrafugia are creating flying cars that can convert from driving mode to flying mode in under a minute .  You can even sign up to reserve one of the first publicly available cars .  And food creation is evolving to the point where our refrigerators know exactly what is inside of them and can even conjure up recipes using the ingredients you have on hand . The technological revolution has impacted so many parts of our lives , and the "  smart home " is the next big trend on the horizon . Computer scientists and industrial designers are working together to prototype new technologies that will make life at home easier and more efficient . Read on to unveil home technologies that are either available now or may become available over the next 5-10 years . Bedroom The futuristic Hi-Can bed comes complete with blinds that drop on all sides , making it pitch black even in full daylight , a built-in PC , and a multimedia system with connected speakers surrounding the bed and a large high-definition projector screen that drops down at the foot of the bed . It is also able to connect via Wi-Fi to all other compatible devices in your home , making it easy to adjust the lights and sounds throughout your house -- right from your bed . Though still in a conceptual development phase , this mini washing machine may change the way we all do laundry . Perfect for those without a lot of space for a full-size washer , this machine is compact and portable , enabling you to wash pieces of laundry on-the-go . It 's also designed to be eco-friendly . Instead of using water and soap , the machine cleans clothes via ultrasonic waves and can be charged with the sun via a built-in solar panel . These innovations could prove quite useful for those in developing countries without much access to water . Kitchen Another product still in its conceptual design phase , this digital cutting board is designed to be a touchscreen device , a food scale , and a cutting board in one . It can display recipes and step-by-step instructions while also telling you if you 've added too much of an ingredient based on the weight of your food . Up until recently , molecular gastronomy was used to describe the science of cooking ; however , it is now more commonly referred to as a new type of cuisine that chefs all over the world have been adopting which uses common chemistry techniques to create a physical and chemical reaction during cooking . The result can yield all kinds of frozen foods in addition to tasty liquids like foams and jellies . The Mo'Sphere is a molecular cooking device that lets you , the home cook , create the same types of foods from within the walls of your own kitchen . No white coat required . Bathroom The Numi Toilet may just be one of the most advanced toilets ever . Complete with a touchscreen interface and built-in speakers , the toilet can connect via bluetooth to devices like your smartphone in order to play your favorite music or podcasts while you 're on the pot . It also comes equipped with a motion sensor that raises the lid as you enter the bathroom , bidet functionality , a heated seat , and ambient lighting with multiple color options . There are even heat vents for your feet ! Already a hit in Asia and Europe , the Magic Mirror is a new product that is fast making its way to America . It 's a fully functioning mirror that has a built-in display connected to the Internet so that you can browse the web , watch videos , check the weather , and more -- like Google glass for your bathroom -- all while you 're getting ready for your day . It also comes with a sensor pad so that you can keep up with your health vitals  weight , etc  from a single location . Living Room Ever wish you could not only turn your TV off , but make it invisible as well ? The transparent TV may just be the answer to your wishes . It 's a new product design that does just what it sounds like -- makes your TV screen transparent so that when it 's turned off , you can see straight through it . While this one is more about form than it is function , I could be swayed by it for aesthetic purposes alone . Acoustable is a speaker and a table in one , and aims to be as useful to place things on as it is to pump out sound . It is Wi-Fi compatible and thus can connect to your computer , iPod , or phone to play music or videos . It 's a space saver and conversation piece all at once . Yard Click & Grow is a new product that makes growing herbs and plants indoors simpler . The magic lies in its "  smart soil " which , according to its website , is a nano-technological growth medium that guarantees plant roots an optimal amount of water , oxygen and nutrients at all times . The soil draws from a built-in water reservoir that contains enough water to keep the plant healthy for 3-6 weeks before needing more H2O . Do n't worry , an indicator will come on to let you know when to add more . Finally , a way to become a gardener without needing to have a green thumb first . Garage/door New tools make locking and unlocking your doors as easy as pushing a button on your smartphone . Devices like Lockitron , Kevo , and August are useful not only for those who have a tendency to misplace their keys , but also for those who may want to grant access to someone to enter their home remotely . Using a connected app , you can give a friend permission to unlock your door for a specified period of time , a good solution for those who may have guests stopping by when they 're not around . Would you use any of these futuristic home technologies ? If you ca n't get enough , check out even more gadgets from your future home . You might be using some of them inside your own house sooner than you think .	Your house is on the brink of a Jetsons-like reality "  Smart Home " is the next big technology trend Gadgets popular in Asia is on its way to US homes
Cleveland  CNN  -- Cleveland 's public schools mirror many of the problems of inner city life : gang activity , drug infestation , poverty , low academic achievement and a dismal graduation rate . Within the past year , the school system has undergone a comprehensive and sometimes harsh reorganization in hopes of changing that reality . "  Our 54 % graduation rate was the major catalyst , " said Renee Cavor , chief of transformation for the Cleveland Metropolitan School District . The school system closed 16 schools in 2010 , and there are more changes to come . The school board recently voted to offset a projected $ 74 million budget deficit by closing seven more public schools and laying off 702 employees , including 643 classroom teachers . Closing schools is hard on the community , school leaders said , even if it 's better in the long run for financial stability and students ' educations . "  I closed my alma mater , " Cavor said . "  It was n't producing . " Her school , South High School , had about 800 students , although the building could handle about 2,000 , Cavor said . The graduation rate was about 30 % . But 12 schools throughout the Cleveland school district are restarting with the help of the federal government 's School Improvement Grants , which could bring more than $ 36 million to Cleveland schools over four years . In 2010 , the federal government provided $ 546 million for about 1,000 low-achieving schools across the United States . Districts could use the money to reorganize or close down schools completely . Miami school 's turnaround wins Obama 's attention In Cleveland , school officials chose to use a reorganization model for several of their schools , including Lincoln-West and Glenville high schools . To receive the funds , they had to replace the principal and rehire no more than half the school 's staff . Although the academic numbers for the year have n't been analyzed yet , officials at both high schools said they 're on the right path . As part of the reorganization , both schools were divided into smaller academies , each with its own principal and teachers inside the same large building . The smaller academies allow school personnel to keep better track of students , which officials say has led to a decrease in school violence . "  Lincoln-West last year was one of the schools that stayed in the media because of gang violence , " Cavor said . For this school year , "  we actually have an 83 % decline in terms of serious incidents that are happening in the building , " said Irene Javier , one of three principals at Lincoln-West . "  That includes number of suspensions . So , it directly impacts our attendance . " And attendance affects how students learn . "  You ca n't be sporadic in your attendance and think that you 're going to turn on the light switch and it 's just going to work , " Lincoln-West Principal Perry Myles said . Principal Maria Carlson echoes that sentiment . "  Students  are in class , which is different from last year . They are paying attention in class , and they are getting the work done that the teachers are asking them to do , " she said . At Lincoln-West last year , there were often six or seven police cars in the parking lot in order to manage school violence . "  Our police officers , who used to come last year because of the violence that may go on outside , are here now to control traffic . ... There 's no fights out there , " Myles said . Across town at Glenville High School there 's been a similar drop in violence . "  A lot of people thought because of the different schools coming to Glenville there would be a lot more . It 's actually been a lot less , " senior Cedric Thorbes said . Glenville Principal Teresa Conley attributes part of the improvement to the smaller academy system . "  When you 're trying to manage a campus , a comprehensive high school , there 's no way possible you could learn 1,100 kids , " she said . "  On my floor now , I have roughly 400 . I know my 400 kids . I know them by face , I know them by name , I know the parents . " David Quolke , president of the Cleveland Teachers Union , said there are pros and cons to replacing half of the staff at public schools . "  One of the benefits of the 50 % replacement that I 've seen is now that we 've got staff in these buildings from other schools , they are sharing strategies they believe worked at their previous school , and a lot of teachers are saying ` OK , let me try that strategy , ' " Quolke said . On the downside , it takes time for the staff to become a team . "  All of their principals are kind of learning their staff at the same time . That 's one of , I think , the biggest downfalls of replacing 50 % of the staff , replacing the principal and expecting immediate , good results , " Quolke said . Closing schools and shifting teachers and students around is not an easy task , even if the school is considered a failure . When they were working on the transition plan , Cavor said , it was a challenge to convince parents that it was best for children . Parents were willing to overlook a building that was falling apart and school that was in academic trouble . "  It was almost as if some parents said ' I know the school is failing , I know it 's raggedy and falling down , but the people there love my child . My child feels safe . I am comfortable sending my child here and this is OK , ' " she said . Glenville 's Conley said it was disheartening that the state report card did n't reflect teachers ' hard work . Under the reorganization , she said , teachers are still working as hard as they did before , but now they are working smarter . Principal Vance Benton , who oversees ninth-graders at Glenville , said he initially lost his job in the Cleveland schools overhaul , but was rehired in a different role . "  The plan has nothing to do with the adults . At all . And it should n't , " he said . "  It 's all about the children and what is best for the children . " The children seem to be adapting just fine . When the students in Rosalie Spano 's 10th-grade biology class were slicing up an onion to look at under a microscope , they were n't thinking about the major transition in their school system . They were more concerned with drawing what they saw and learning science . "  If you see air bubbles , you should draw air bubbles , " Spano told them as they peered into microscopes . "  But I also want to see the onion underneath . " For all the improvements , there 's a lot more work to come , Cavor said . "  While those schools are able to do some major changing and reforming , " she said , "  that 's 12  schools  out of a hundred . "	Cleveland is working to transform its failing public schools The district has closed several schools and laid off hundreds of teachers Academic statistics are n't in , but school leaders say there 's less violence on campuses
CNN  -- Steven Van Zandt did not mince words . Steven Van Zandt  right  wants musicians to have a sense of history and care for their craft . "  I want to spend just a minute on a topic that never ever gets discussed in the music business -- the music , " the Bruce Springsteen guitarist and "  Sopranos " star said in a speech to the SXSW music and arts festival in March . "  The reason nobody wants to talk about it is because it mostly sucks ! "  Who are we kidding here ? " he said . "  Nobody 's buying records ? Because they suck ! " He called the speech "  A Crisis of Craft , " and implored listeners to get back to rock 'n' roll 's roots . Learn how to play cover songs , he said . Get people to dance . Harness your working-class energy . Take pride in craft . It 's been two months since that speech , and Van Zandt is still passionate about the subject . " -LSB- Rock 'n' roll -RSB- is a craft that has to be learned , " he tells CNN . "  There are things you learn by listening to great records , copying heroes . " He believes that he said some things that people were thinking , but have n't said out loud . But the rumbles are out there . The music business is in a state of flux , with the sales of more profitable CDs continuing to fall even as single downloads climb . "  American Idol 's " season is coming to an end , with rock purists once again assailing the show 's slick pop sensibility . Commercial radio , country , rap and hip-hop -- they all have their critics , many of them wishing a return to the way things used to be . Blog : What do you think of the state of rock 'n' roll ? Van Zandt has sympathy for all sides , coming at the issue from what he calls "  a unique perspective " -- he 's a musician , a DJ  with his radio show and Sirius XM channel , "  Little Steven 's Underground Garage "  and record label honcho  Wicked Cool Records  . He 's quick to observe that he 's not slamming all pop music . There 's vibrancy in some hip-hop , he says , and he admires "  Idol , " particularly when it promotes music history . "  But it 's quite an alien world to my traditional rock 'n' roll world , " he adds . "  It has nothing to do with it . " Within that rock 'n' roll world , he worries . Today 's bands , he says , look down on performing covers , and as a result many have gotten lost in a musical wilderness . "  The result is an extraordinary amount of mediocrity , " he says . "  There are no standards to live up to . " Which is part of the problem with rejuvenating rock 'n' roll , says Steve Greenberg , founder of S-Curve Records , which includes alt-rockers Tinted Windows and We The Kings among its acts . Technology is one problem , he observes . "  I think in the old days , in order to even be decent , it took a lot of work , " he says . "  And today , relatively untalented and uncreative people can actually make rock 'n' roll music that sounds kind of decent . And I think that kind of fools people and causes people to be lazy . " But for Greenberg there 's also a sense that the "  square pegs " -- the naturally rebellious types -- are getting shoved in round holes . "  A lot of opportunities inevitably these days go to people who fit the format , whether the format is Top 40 radio or ` American Idol ' or -LSB- Radio -RSB- Disney or whatever it is , " he says . "  There 's so much pressure to fit those slots . And it 's the square pegs ultimately who are going to change the world . " The spirited Greenberg wants to channel that rebellious energy . He 's high on a band he signed named Care Bears on Fire , a trio of 13-year-old Brooklyn girls who sound like the Ramones with a touch of Shonen Knife . "  Their attitude is maybe one size does n't fit all , " he says . "  I feel like the spirit of rock 'n' roll lives in those guys . ... They 're having fun playing rock 'n' roll . " Scott Booker , the manager of the avant-pop band the Flaming Lips  "  She Do n't Use Jelly , " "  Do You Realize ?? "  , is also hoping to foster creativity . He 's serving as the CEO of the Academy of Contemporary Music , a music school based at Central Oklahoma University . Drawing from a British concept , the school plans to offer courses in music , music production and the music business , many starting this fall . Booker observes record labels are n't spending as much money on developing talent . He hopes the ACM not only makes bands more signable , but also teaches them business strategies , such as setting up their own label and distribution apparatus . "  This could become a think tank for how the industry could go , " he says , musing aloud . "  People think of music as a throwaway cultural item -LSB- nowadays -RSB- . I want to change that . ... Make things more exciting . " Technology , adds BMI executive Phil Graham , can also be rock 'n' roll 's friend . "  The opportunities the digital world give the population as a whole to throw their talents to a very wide audience is a very good thing , " he says . More people have gotten the chance to put their music out there and connect with fellow music lovers , he says . Of course , there are also old-fashioned connections . BMI sponsors dozens of showcases for new acts ; young bands play clubs and hawk their CDs  or Web page  . Van Zandt welcomes the efforts , but hopes there 's also a connection to rock 'n' roll history . He 's founded a Rock and Roll Forever Foundation to foster music education in schools .  To its credit , the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum has similar programs . "  The spark comes from whatever people are into these days -- and that very well may be ` American Idol , ' " he says . "  You start with whatever singer you 're rooting for , and you start to trace back where they come from . It 's up to the artists themselves to make sure that their fans know where they 're coming from , to make it clear that music does n't fall off trees . "	Steven Van Zandt : Bands are n't woodshedding , are n't learning rock 'n' roll history Record label head : "  square pegs ultimately who are going to change the world " Ways to counter trend : Use technology wisely , invest in history
London , England  CNN  -- Three Pakistani cricket players at the center of a gambling scandal have been charged with "  various offenses " by the sport 's governing body , the International Cricket Council announced Thursday . Team captain Salman Butt , Mohammad Asif and Mohammad Amir have all said they were innocent but have been provisionally suspended pending a decision on the charges , the council said . "  We will not tolerate corruption in cricket -- simple as that , " said the council 's chief executive , Haroon Lorgat . "  We must be decisive with such matters and if proven , these offenses carry serious penalties up to a life ban . " A fine could also be imposed as part of the punishment . Lorgat cautioned that the players ' guilt has not been proven . "  That is for the independent tribunal alone to decide , " he said . Meanwhile , Pakistani High Commissioner Wajid Shamsul Hassan told reporters after meeting with the players that he believes their claims of innocence . "  They have not been proven guilty , " Hassan told a throng of reporters . "  And until you are proven guilty , you are innocent . " A police investigation into the alleged scandal is continuing , but no further meeting with police or questioning of the men is scheduled , he said . Hassan did , however , vow to take legal action to defend the players if necessary . "  I think we will go to the court of law to defend them , " he said . Eighteen-year-old Amir is the youngest-ever bowler to reach 50 Test wickets . He took six wickets -- considered an impressive feat -- against England in the Test on which the betting allegations are centered . For such an exciting prospect , already hugely popular in his homeland , to be tarnished by a scandal like this has depressed many cricket fans in Pakistan . Asif has already courted controversy in his career . He has tested positive for steroids twice , and soon after the second offense , he was caught with a recreational drug in his wallet at the Dubai airport and was kept in detention for three weeks . The betting allegations emerged Sunday in the British tabloid News of the World , which reported that two Pakistan players deliberately bowled "  no balls , " or fouls , during their Test series with England in London last week . It said the alleged ringleader made 150,000 pounds  $ 232,800  in the scam . England won the match at Lord 's Cricket Ground . It ended Sunday afternoon , after the scandal broke . Hassan said Thursday it is possible the players are the victims of a setup , saying they have been "  maligned by the media " and are the victims of "  character assassination by the media . " "  You have to investigate to find out whether they 've been set up or not , " he said . Referring to the News of the World -- a newspaper known for its sensational headlines -- he added , "  What is the reputation of those people who have brought us this story ? " Team manager Yawar Saeed said London 's Metropolitan Police have already questioned him and the three players . Several people have been arrested in connection with the case . The Met Police arrested a 35-year-old man late Saturday on suspicion of conspiracy to defraud bookmakers and released him on bail Sunday , and customs officials arrested three people Sunday on suspicion of money laundering . Pakistan 's President Asif Ali Zardari also ordered an investigation into the scandal , his spokesman said Sunday . CNN 's Chris Murphy and Don Riddell contributed to this report .	NEW : Players have been suspended pending a decision The players say they are innocent The Pakistani high commissioner says he believes they are innocent Charges follow allegations that players threw a game on Sunday
CNN  -- The American Civil Liberties Union has filed a lawsuit in Pennsylvania challenging the state 's ban on same-sex marriages and its refusal to recognize such marriages from other states . A similar suit will be filed in Virginia , while an existing lawsuit in North Carolina will be amended to broaden the scope , the ACLU said Tuesday . "  The Pennsylvania lawsuit alleges that the state 's Defense of Marriage Act and refusal to marry lesbian and gay couples or recognize their out-of-state marriages violates the fundamental right to marry , as well as the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment , " the ACLU said in a statement . Same-sex marriage fast facts The move comes on the heels of the Supreme Court decision that struck down a key part of the federal Defense of Marriage Act last month . In a separate ruling , the high court also cleared the way for same-sex marriages in California to resume . "  Our goal is at least 20 states with the freedom to marry by the end of 2016 , " the ACLU said on its website . The group plans to achieve its goal through litigation , lobbying and ballot campaigns . The organization also plans to reach out to "  right-of-center " voices and has hired Republican strategists to do so .	The ACLU plans to challenge three states ' positions on same-sex marriage The move comes after the Supreme Court 's Defense of Marriage and Prop-8 rulings The organization is aiming for 20 same-sex marriage rights states by the end of 2016
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sen. Ted Stevens repeatedly asked for invoices to cover home renovations and otherwise complied with Senate rules on accepting and reporting gifts of value , his defense attorney said in closing arguments Tuesday . Sen. Ted Stevens leaves the federal courthouse Tuesday evening with his daughter Beth Stevens . Stevens , 84 , has been fighting a seven-count indictment accusing him of filing false statements on mandatory financial disclosure forms . The jury is scheduled to begin deliberating Wednesday . In closing arguments , prosecutors said Stevens engaged in an elaborate scheme to accept thousands of dollars in gifts from Alaskan oil industry executive Bill Allen , who has admitted he tried to bribe state legislators , including the senator 's son . Stevens is not accused of bribery , but one prosecutor suggested he accepted gifts , concealed them from the public , and "  took care of Bill " -- referring to Allen , the founder of oil services contractor Veco Corp. . The trial has revolved around a construction project at the Stevens family chalet in Girdwood , Alaska , about 40 miles from Anchorage at the foot of a ski resort . Allen , starting in 2000 , helped organize labor , materials and subcontractors that doubled the size of the home . In his closing arguments , defense attorney Brendan Sullivan said the government failed to prove its case beyond a reasonable doubt , and that the jury should acquit Stevens on all counts . He noted Allen had testified that Stevens would have paid whatever bills were sent , but that he decided not to tell Stevens the full cost "  because I like Ted . " Allen also testified an Alaskan neighbor overseeing the home renovation said Stevens was "  just trying to cover his ass " in requesting invoices for the project . Prosecutors have said none of the evidence shows Stevens ever paid Allen or Veco , and that neither is named on the disclosure forms . The neighbor , Bob Persons , testified during the trial that he never made that remark . On Tuesday , the defense highlighted the contradiction against the testimony of the prosecution 's star witness , making it a theme throughout a series of correspondence in which Stevens continued to ask for a full accounting . "  If you 're covering your ass , " Sullivan told the jury , "  why , a month later , are you asking for the bill again ? " Prosecutors played a recorded phone call between Persons and Allen . "  Ted gets hysterical when he has to spend his own money , " Bob Persons told a mutual friend in the recording , which was played for jurors by Joe Bottini , the assistant U.S. attorney for Alaska . Stevens , who spends most of his time in Washington , gave Persons power of attorney so he could get the required building permit to work on the chalet Stevens has owned since 1983 . Persons also confided to Allen that he did n't believe Stevens had enough money to do the remodeling . Later Tuesday , the government made its final case . "  Wow ! " shouted prosecutor Brenda Morris as she stood to address the jury , "  Were we at the same trial ? Because the evidence I saw was totally different . " She urged the jury to find the senator guilty on all counts , saying the evidence shows "  Ted Stevens knowingly and repeatedly violated the law because he thought he was above the law . " The judge will remind the jury that Allen 's testimony against Stevens is part of a deal with prosecutors that could reduce his jail time when sentenced for attempted bribery . Morris , the lead prosecutor in the Stevens case , tried to bolster Allen 's standing as the jury prepared to deliberate . "  The only thing he 's guilty of with regard to this defendant is standing up and telling the truth " about materials and labor he arranged on the home improvement project , Morris said of Allen . "  It was the defendant who is responsible for reporting it . " If convicted on all counts , Stevens would face a maximum sentence of 35 years . Legal experts note the judge has the discretion to give Stevens as little as no jail time and probation . Former federal prosecutors and criminal defense lawyers have told CNN that if convicted on some or all of the counts , the senator probably would face between a year to more than two years in jail .	NEW : Prosecutor rebuttal : "  The evidence I saw was totally different " NEW : Defense : Stevens tried repeatedly to get a bill for work done on his house Prosecution begins closing arguments with phone call recorded by FBI Sen. Ted Stevens is accused of false statements on Senate financial disclosures
CNN  -- When freelance journalist Steven Sotloff disappeared during a reporting trip to Syria in August 2013 , his family kept the news a secret . Families of hostages are frequently advised to do this by security firms , and news organizations are sometimes willing to cooperate . But Sotloff 's abduction is now international news . Sotloff is seen at the end of a video published on Tuesday by the Islamic extremist group ISIS . After another journalist , James Foley , is shown with his head cut off , the video 's narrator indicates that Sotloff will be killed if President Barack Obama does not cease U.S. airstrikes against ISIS . "  I 've known Steve was missing for the past year -- the problem is , he was a low-profile freelance journalist -- his family did n't want anyone in the media talking about Steve because they were afraid of retaliation , " said Emerson Lotzia , who lived with Sotloff in college . "  If any old friends asked me about Steve over the past year , I 'd just say I had n't seen him in a long time . " Sotloff 's family members have not commented on their son 's disappearance . But Lotzia said he has been in touch with Sotloff 's father , Art , and Tuesday 's video "  was the first time his dad and family have heard anything about Steve since last December . " Out of public view , the family and a number of government agencies have been trying to gain Sotloff 's release for the past year . U.S. Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , R-Florida , who represents the district where the family lives , said Wednesday that she had met with the family in Miami and spoken with them by phone . "  My office has contacted the relevant agencies , departments and even organizations with connections on the ground in Syria to try to get answers for the Sotloff family , " Ros-Lehtinen said . This is a tragic situation and we have seen that -LSB- ISIS -RSB- has no respect for human life . " Sotloff , 31 , grew up in South Florida with his mother , father and younger sister . He majored in journalism at the University of Central Florida . His personal Facebook page lists musicians like the Dave Matthews Band , Phish , Miles Davis and movies like "  Lawrence of Arabia " and "  The Big Lebowski " as favorites . On his Twitter page , he playfully identifies himself as a "  stand-up philosopher from Miami . " Lotzia met Sotloff when they were both starting college in 2002 . He described Sotloff as "  someone you want in your circle of friends -- just a good , good guy . " He reminisced about "  epic video game battles at our apartment " -- usually NCAA football or other sports games . In 2004 , Sotloff left UCF and moved back to the Miami area . "  I think he was at a crossroads of life , " Lotzia said . "  He talked about wanting to go over to the Middle East . " He graduated from another college , began taking Arabic classes and subsequently picked up freelance writing work for a number of publications , including Time , Foreign Policy , World Affairs and the Christian Science Monitor . His travels took him to Yemen , Saudi Arabia , Qatar , Turkey -- among other countries -- and eventually Syria . "  He 's an incredible writer , " said Tim Smith , another college friend who kept in touch with him via Facebook over the years . "  I know reporting on an international level is what he always wanted to do . " Ashley Burns , who edited some of Sotloff 's work for their college newspaper , said that out of all the people he met through the newspaper , he wished he had followed Sotloff 's work more in recent years . "  He writes with incredible passion , about Benghazi and his experiences in Syria and Turkey , while showing an incredible relationship with -- and understanding of -- the people that he met in the countries that he has worked in , " Burns said . "  He has seen things I 'll never see and his courage is incredible . "	Steven Sotloff 's family and friends had to keep his disappearance a secret Sotloff is shown in a video of James Foley 's murder , and his life is threatened College friend : He 's "  someone you want in your circle of friends " Friends describe as "  incredible " his gift and passion for writing on international issues
CNN  -- Wayne Rooney has defended himself from criticism by Roberto Mancini following Sunday 's Manchester derby , in which the United striker scored two goals but appeared to play a role in City 's captain being sent off . City manager Mancini has officially appealed against Chris Foy 's decision to dismiss Kompany in the 12th minute of the 3-2 home defeat that ended his side 's English FA Cup title defense at the first hurdle , and blamed Rooney for influencing the referee . Kompany slid in with two feet to win the ball off United winger Nani , who did not appeal for a foul -- but Rooney ran straight to the official and Foy ruled that it was a dangerous tackle . "  It was not a red card . Rooney told him his decision , " Mancini told reporters after the match , before referring to an incident last week when he gesticulated from the touchline to have an opposing player punished . "  When I did this against Liverpool , people told me not to do it . I said I was sorry and made a mistake . " Who are football 's top January transfer targets ? Rooney , however , insisted on his Twitter account that he had done no wrong . "  Funny how people think i got kompany sent off . Im not ref . i did n't give red card . But it was a clear red card . 2 footed tackle , " he wrote on the social networking website on Monday . United boss Alex Ferguson agreed with Rooney that Kompany deserved to be sent off . "  I think so , I 've seen him do it before -- he maybe got off in the past . I think if he catches Nani then he 's got a problem . " Scholes in shock return as Man Utd beat FA Cup holders Man City City 's appeal will be heard ahead of Wednesday 's first leg of the English League Cup semifinal against Liverpool . If it fails , Kompany will miss that home match , the second leg and Premier League games against Wigan and third-placed Tottenham due to it being his second red card this season . His absence would be a blow to City 's hopes of winning a first league title since 1968 , with the league leaders already lacking central defensive cover as Kolo Toure is away at the African Cup of Nations along with his brother , key midfielder Yaya . That could mean a recall for 21-year-old Dedryck Boyata , who is on loan at Premier League strugglers Bolton , or Nedum Onuoha -- who had been expected to leave in the January transfer window as Mancini seeks to free up funds to make new signings .	Wayne Rooney insists that he did not influence the referee 's decision to send off opponent Manchester City appeal against red card shown to captain Vincent Kompany on Sunday Belgium defender was dismissed in 12th minute of City 's 3-2 FA Cup third-round defeat He could miss City 's next four matches following his second such offense this season
CNN  -- Mark Webber vowed to push Sebastian Vettel for the 2013 world title when their champion Red Bull team launched its new Formula One car on Sunday . The veteran Australian has had to play second fiddle to the all-conquering Vettel in the past three seasons , despite at stages being in contention for his maiden championship . He has had to contend with recent criticism from Red Bull 's motor sport advisor Helmut Marko , who claimed the 36-year-old ca n't cope with the title pressure . "  I do believe I can have a crack at the championship again this year , as I have done in previous seasons , " Webber told reporters at the RB9 's launch at the team 's English headquarters in Milton Keynes . "  That is my goal and what I think about each day when I get up , and I 'm working hard with the team on doing that . "  They know I need 100 % support . You can not win a world title with only 90 , you need 100 , and we 're going into 2013 with this in place , and I 'm comfortable with that . " Team boss Christian Horner , who signed a new multi-year contract last week , backed Webber to be a contender despite him finishing sixth overall last season -- 102 points behind his teammate . "  If we were n't happy with Mark then we would never have signed him to be with the team for this year , " he said . "  We 're very happy with Mark and we give both drivers equal opportunity . It 's ultimately down to what they do on the circuit . "  For us , it does n't matter which driver wins , as long as it is a driver in one of our cars . Both of these guys believe they are the best , and the team will do the very best it can to support them . " Vettel became the youngest driver to win three world titles as he overhauled Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso in the final third of the season . "  It all starts again from zero . We 've all got the same chances in what will be a tough year again with a lot of races , " the 25-year-old German said . "  So I 'm just looking ahead . I 'm not looking back on past races because I am convinced it does n't give you a head start or an advantage . "  Obviously , the expectations are still there , but more than that we expect ourselves to do well again , so there is a lot of pressure . "  Right now there is excitement to get back into the car , start testing , then go racing and find out where we are . It 's one thing to do all the talking now , but as soon as you have the helmet on , you simply want to perform and do your best . "	Red Bull launches new RB9 ahead of preseason testing later this month Mark Webber insists he can be a title contender this season Australian watched teammate Sebastian Vettel win third crown last year Team boss Christian Horner backs 36-year-old after recent in-house criticism
CNN  -- The number of women dying of pregnancy and childbirth-related complications has been cut nearly in half over the past two decades , reflecting important and hard-won gains in improving access to family planning and maternal health across the world . The annual number of maternal deaths worldwide dropped from more than 543,000 to 287,000 , according to a report , "  Trends in Maternal Mortality : 1990-2010 , " released last month by the World Health Organization , the U.N. Population Fund , UNICEF and the World Bank . This is good news to celebrate Wednesday , which is World Population Day . From these latest estimates , we can see that investments in improving access to reproductive health are bearing fruit . Although things are moving in the right direction , there is an urgent need to do more . Every day , some 800 women die in pregnancy or childbirth from complications that are very often preventable , such as severe bleeding , infections , high blood pressure during pregnancy and unsafe abortion . For every woman who dies , a further 20 women suffer debilitating childbirth injuries , such as obstetric fistulas . As the lead U.N. agency for sexual and reproductive health , we at UNFPA are working closely with the U.N. secretary-general 's Global Strategy for Women 's and Children 's Health and the Every Woman , Every Child initiative , which involves sister U.N. agencies , governments , businesses and foundations in working toward saving the lives of 16 million women and children by 2015 . We have the tools for preventing these tragedies . Measures such as expanding access to voluntary family planning , investing in health workers with midwifery skills and ensuring access to emergency obstetric care when complications arise have been shown time and again to work . These interventions not only help save lives , but also support the healthy development of families , communities and nations . Ninety-nine percent of maternal deaths happen in the developing world , where millions of women are still denied even the most basic levels of care during pregnancy . Thirty-six of the 40 countries with the highest maternal death rates are in sub-Saharan Africa . In that region , the lifetime risk of maternal death is 1 in 39 . In the United States , it is 1 in 2,400 . In Sweden , it is 1 in 14,100 . Yet many countries have shown remarkable commitments to reversing these trends and ensuring that women have access to skilled health care during pregnancy and childbirth , regardless of where they live . Ten countries so far , including Nepal , Lithuania and Vietnam , have already met the Millennium Development Goal target of reducing maternal deaths from 1990 levels by 75 % by 2015 . Another nine countries , including Eritrea and Bangladesh , are on track for meeting their targets . In other regions , we already know what needs to be done . Fortunately , the new data also show us where to target our efforts . Two countries account for a full third of all maternal deaths : India with 56,000 deaths and Nigeria with 40,000 deaths . Just 10 countries account for 60 % of all maternal deaths . Expanding access to modern contraception for women across the developing world is another highly cost-effective measure that has proven results , and which could in itself reduce the numbers of maternal deaths by a third . In sub-Saharan Africa , just 22 % of the women have access to modern contraception . In addition , there is a particular need for investment in health and education for the roughly 500 million adolescent girls who live in the developing world . Many of them never have a chance to fulfill their potential , because they marry too young and become pregnant too early . All too often , they lack access to adequate health care during pregnancy and at the time of birth . As a result , 70,000 teenage girls die in pregnancy or childbirth each year , making maternal death the most common cause of death for girls between 15 and 19 years old . Often , a high prevalence of maternal death reflects the low status of women in a society . With greater access to health and education , however , new generations of girls will be empowered to delay pregnancy , advance gender equality and contribute to the economic development of society . As educated mothers , they will be more likely to invest in the health and education of their children , thus empowering future generations as well . Empowered young people , women and others can beat the poverty trap , propel national development and ensure a more sustainable future for the world . Join us at Facebook/CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Babatunde Osotimehin .	Babatunde Osotimehin : Maternal deaths worldwide have dropped by half over past 20 years But every day 800 women still die in pregnancy or childbirth from complications , he says Osotimehin : Thirty-six of the 40 countries with the highest rates are in sub-Saharan Africa Expanding access to modern contraception in developing world is key , says Osotimehin
CNN  -- Dozens of international correspondents came together Monday to demand that Egypt release three journalists they say have been detained arbitrarily for two weeks . Peter Greste , Mohamed Fadel Fahmy and Baher Mohamed from Al Jazeera English were arrested by Egyptian authorities on December 29 and have been held since . Egyptian authorities say the journalists held illegal meetings with the Muslim Brotherhood , which was declared a terrorist group last month . There has been a crackdown on the Islamist movement , and ensuing political turmoil , since the army ousted Mohamed Morsy , Egypt 's first democratically elected President , in July . In a show of solidarity , nearly 40 correspondents and editors representing 29 international media organizations sent a letter to the Egyptian authorities to demand the journalists ' immediate release . The letter was signed by Christiane Amanpour , CNN chief international correspondent and a member of the board of the Committee to Protect Journalists ; BBC chief international correspondent Lyse Doucet ; and reporters and editors for NPR , The Washington Post , Le Monde , France 24 and The Economist , among other news outlets . "  We are deeply concerned to learn that our colleagues , all three of whom are well respected journalists , may face charges that include belonging to a terrorist organization and spreading false news that could endanger national security , " the journalists say in the letter . They also call for the release of other journalists who have been detained in Egypt , some of whom they say have been arbitrarily imprisoned for more than five months . "  The arrest of these journalists has cast a cloud over press and media freedom in Egypt , " the letter reads . "  We strongly believe that upholding the rights of journalists and permitting the free flow of information is vital to bringing about greater understanding and serves the best interests of all Egyptians and the world . " Egyptian army chief hints at run for higher office Highly charged environment Originally , four Al Jazeera journalists were detained last month , but the Egyptian government released cameraman Mohamed Fawzy on December 31 . The Egyptian Interior Ministry said on its Facebook page that security forces arrested a Muslim Brotherhood member and an Australian journalist at a Cairo hotel . Greste , an Australian , previously worked for CNN , Reuters and the BBC . Fahmy worked for CNN and The New York Times before joining the Qatar-based network ; Mohamed is a Cairo-based producer for the network . The ministry said the Muslim Brotherhood member used the hotel to meet with other members and as a media center to broadcast damaging news about the government for Al Jazeera . Calling the arrests arbitrary , Al Jazeera has said the network "  has been subject to harassment by Egyptian security forces , " including having its equipment confiscated and offices raided , despite the network not being banned from working in Egypt . Observers say Egypt 's media environment has been highly charged since Morsy 's overthrow . Several Islamist channels were closed down immediately after the military intervention in the summer . Political turmoil The arrests occurred the day before the Committee to Protect Journalists issued a report saying Egypt , Syria and Iraq have become the deadliest countries for journalists . Seventy journalists were killed in 2013 , with six of those deaths in Egypt , the CPJ said . Since Morsy 's ouster , the Arab world 's most populous nation has seen months of political turmoil as an interim military-backed government has taken charge . Hundreds died in clashes between Egyptian security forces and Morsy supporters in the weeks that followed his ouster . Detractors say Morsy was a tyrant trying to impose conservative values , but his supporters say the military has returned to the authoritarian practices of longtime ruler Hosni Mubarak , who was deposed in a popular uprising in 2011 . Egypt is now preparing to hold a referendum Tuesday and Wednesday on a new constitution that would ban religious parties and put more power in the hands of the military . If the constitution is passed , elections should follow . Protesters , police clash ahead of Egyptian constitution vote	Authorities arrested trio from Al Jazeera English on December 29 ; they 've been held since Egyptian authorities say the journalists met illegally with the Muslim Brotherhood The Islamist movement was declared a terrorist group last month Nearly 40 journalists from 29 media groups sent a letter to authorities to demand release
Washington  CNN  -- The Justice Department , as promised , moved Tuesday to block a court ruling preventing use of government funds for embryonic stem cell research . The lower-court decision that bars the use of publicly funded stem-cell work had stunned the Obama administration , which had vowed to appeal . "  The government is seeking a stay of the court 's injunction to prevent the irreparable human and financial harm that could occur if these life-saving research projects are forced to abruptly shut down , " said Justice Department spokeswoman Tracy Schmaler . "  The court 's order causes irrevocable harm to the millions of extremely sick or injured people who stand to benefit from continuing research as well as to the taxpayers who have spent hundreds of millions of dollars on this research , " a Justice Department statement said . The Justice lawyers filed the notice of appeal and the proposed stay with U.S. District Court Judge Royce Lamberth , who had granted the injunction sought by plaintiffs opposed to research in which embryos had been destroyed . "  We 've said from day one that embryonic stem cell research is a top priority for this administration , and we 're going to do everything possible to prevent the potentially catastrophic consequences of this injunction , " said White House spokesman Reid Cherlin . The government said if Lamberth has not granted the stay by September 7 , the government would "  present their stay request to the Court of Appeals the following day " . In that event , a three-judge panel of the U.S. Circuit Court for the District of Columbia , would likely rule quickly on the request for a stay , while it schedules briefs and arguments on the legal merits of the case which may take months . Government lawyers filed the appeal on behalf of Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius , the National Institutes of Health , and its director , Francis Collins . Collins said NIH has invested over $ 546 million in taxpayers ' money in human embryonic stem cell research since 2001 . In a 12-page statement attached to the appeal , Collins said the court order prevents NIH from providing $ 54 million in funds to 24 human embryonic research projects currently under way that were expecting to receive funds within the next month . He said another 199 grants would be discontinued for projects which were to be awarded funding after the September 30 deadline ordered by the court . Judge Lamberth had ruled that all embryonic stem-cell research involves destroying embryos . He said a provision of federal spending bills "  unambiguously prohibits the use of federal funds for all research in which a human embryo is destroyed " . The legal arguments with which Lamberth sided were brought by researchers opposed to use of embryonic stem cells . Plaintiffs included a group that seeks adoptive parents for human embryos created through in vitro fertilization , the non-profit Christian Medical Association and others . CNN Senior White House Correspondent Ed Henry contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Embryonic stem cell research is a top priority , " White House says The appeal warns delays will hurt people waiting for cures The Obama administration had pledged to appeal an August 23 ruling That decision found that destroying human embryos violated federal law
CNN  -- An Ohio-born student missing for three weeks after being detained by Syrian authorities has been released , his family announced Wednesday . Syria 's government released 21-year-old Obada Mzaik to his father Wednesday evening , said his uncle , Firas Nashef . Mzaik was taken into custody after flying from Detroit to Damascus on January 3 , Nashef said . "  We 're grateful that he 's back with his family , and we 're grateful to the community for showing support to the family during difficult days , " Nashef said in a statement issued on behalf of the family . No further details were released . Mzaik is a dual American and Syrian citizen who was studying civil engineering at a private university in the Syrian capital , his uncle said . He was born in Columbus but moved with his family back to Syria when he was child . Mzaik had enrolled in a seasonal program at a Michigan community college and had planned to pursue a master 's degree in the United States , Nashef said . He had just flown back to Damascus with his younger brother to visit family and prepare for the start of the new semester when he was held for questioning by security officers , said Nashef , a dentist in the Detroit suburb of Farmington Hills . His brother was soon released , but Mzaik was held for further questioning -- his second arrest by security forces amid the months-long uprising against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , according to his uncle . Nashef said his nephew had been arrested last summer and held for 37 days for "  spreading fliers about the revolution , " and his family feared the worst after he was picked up again . The U.S. State Department said Tuesday that it was trying to confirm Mzaik 's welfare and whereabouts . There was no immediate reaction to news of his release .	Obada Mzaik was arrested in Syria in early January The Ohio-born dual citizen is studying engineering in Damascus , his uncle said Mzaik had been arrested before for "  spreading fliers about the revolution , " his uncle says
CNN  -- A Chicago man was sentenced Thursday to 23 years in prison for attempting to set off what he thought was a bomb on a crowded street near Wrigley Field in 2010 . The plot was thwarted as the result of an undercover FBI operation . Sami Samir Hassoun , 25 , was arrested shortly after midnight on a weekend night in mid-September 2010 after placing a backpack in a trash container in an area crowded with bars and restaurant patrons , authorities said . A concert took place that night at nearby Wrigley Field , home to the Chicago Cubs . Hassoun thought the bag contained a bomb , but it was an inert device given to him by men he did n't know were undercover FBI agents , prosecutors said . Hassoun , a Lebanese citizen living legally in the United States , pleaded guilty in April 2012 to two charges involving trying to set off explosives . He admitted telling undercover officers he wanted to set off bombs to destabilize Chicago and was willing to attack police officers , prosecutors said in a statement . The government said the undercover operatives explained the purported bomb was packed with ball bearings to inflict maximum damage and that the blast might destroy half a city block . "  The thought of what might have happened if it  the bomb  was real is horrific , " U.S. District Judge Robert Gettlemen said at the sentencing in Chicago , according to the statement released by the U.S. Attorney 's Office . The judge ordered Hassoun to be deported after he completes his sentence .	Sami Samir Hassoun was arrested in undercover operation He pleaded guilty in bomb plot The Chicago man gets a 23-year sentence
CNN  -- Saudi Arabia this week turned back more than 1,000 Nigerian women pilgrims who were not accompanied by male guardians or "  mahram . " Saudi 's Ministry of Pilgrimage  Hajj  released a statement on Friday defending its decision , saying that it will "  not allow the entry ... of those who do n't comply with terms and requirements of the entry visa to Saudi Arabia to perform the Hajj . " Saudi law requires each female pilgrim under the age of 45 years to have a male sponsor during the pilgrimage journey , regardless of nationality . "  This rule is applied to all women in general who want to get an entry visa to Saudi Arabia to perform Hajj , " pilgrimage ministry spokesman Hatim bin Hassan Qadhi said in the statement . So far , there has been no official explanation from Nigerian authorities on what might have happened . The last of the women arrived Friday night in Kano , Nigeria , after being stranded for four to five days at Jeddah 's King Abdulaziz International Airport , Nigeria 's state-run News Agency of Nigeria  NAN  reported , quoting several women . "  This is the most dehumanizing situation I have ever experienced in my life , " one arriving female , who did not want to be named , told NAN . Another woman , Binta Malami , said she traveled with her husband but was denied entry to Saudi Arabia because her husband 's name did not correspond to the name written in her passport , the news agency said . Her husband decided to return with his wife in protest of an "  inhumane " treatment . Saudi authorities denied any ill treatment . The Ministry of Hajj stressed in its statement that the Saudi government is keen "  on receiving the pilgrims from all over the world with ease and comfort in accordance with the applicable instructions . " Most international pilgrims arrive in Jeddah via air or sea , then make their way to the nearby mountainous city of Mecca to perform the Islamic pilgrimage rites . Nigeria started flying its citizens back home on Thursday after sending a delegation , led by speaker of the House of Representatives Alhaji Aminu Tambuwal , to discuss the incident with Saudi officials , NAN reported . Alhaji Hamman-Adama Tukur , one of the Nigerian clerics who helped the stranded women in Jeddah , told NAN that the women were actually accompanied by male escorts , but that the checking system at the Jeddah airport was such that men were checked , cleared and asked to proceed . "  When it was the women 's turn to be checked and cleared , the security claimed they were not accompanied by their guardians -- mahram -- and were unwilling to listen to any explanation . " Saudi officials normally separate men and women upon arrival as they check passports and paperwork . Islam requires every Muslim , who is capable physically and financially , to perform Hajj in Mecca , where the Saudi government says it receives almost 3 million pilgrims over a period of about 10 days every year .	Saudi authorities said women were not properly accompanied Female pilgrims from Nigeria return home One calls experience "  dehumanizing "
CNN  -- Anwar al-Awlaki was killed exactly one week after President Ali Abdullah Saleh returned to Yemen at the end of a long period of medical treatment in Saudi Arabia . Intelligence analysts say that may have been no coincidence , and that with al-Awlaki 's killing , Saleh is underlining to the West -- and the Saudis -- that they still need him . Saleh 's return was something of a surprise both to Yemenis and the international community . He had been seen as the main stumbling block to political dialogue and a transition to fresh elections sponsored by the Gulf Cooperation Council . But several analysts consulted by CNN said the Saudis were concerned that the growing unrest in Yemen could morph into outright civil war -- in a country that shares a long and porous desert border with the kingdom . The rationale in Riyadh , according to these analysts , was that only Saleh had the guile and stature to pull his country back from the brink , despite his injuries and his array of enemies . And at the same time , Saleh would be best placed to turn up the heat on al Qaeda , now established in at least two eastern provinces and in parts of southern Yemen . Diplomatic sources in the Gulf say that far from being surprised by Saleh 's return , the Saudi authorities sanctioned and assisted in it , providing a jet that flew him to the southern city of Aden in the early hours of Friday last week . They say Saleh did not fly directly to Sanaa , the capital , because the airport and the route into the city are not reliably under government control . In fact , the capital is now a patchwork of pro- and anti-Saleh enclaves . A helicopter was waiting at the Aden airport to fly Saleh 200 miles to the presidential palace in Sanaa before dawn . Again , arriving by air was probably preferable to negotiating the chaotic streets of the capital . American-born radical cleric understood the West There has been no official comment from Saudi Arabia on how Saleh returned home from Riyadh , but sources in Sanaa and elsewhere in the Gulf say the Saudis wanted Saleh back in Yemen because they were increasingly anxious about the growing political influence of militant Islamists in Yemen seen as sympathetic to al Qaeda . They point out that Saleh met with Saudi King Abdullah a few days before he returned . The kingdom has long been concerned by the growth of al Qaeda in Yemen , even though the number of militants may not exceed several hundred . Several prominent Saudi jihadists have joined the leadership of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , which for a while in recent months took control of most of the city of Zinjibar in southern Yemen . It was also from Yemen in August 2009 that al Qaeda sent a suicide bomber -- 23-year-old Abdullah Hassan Tali al-Asiri -- to carry out an assassination attempt on Saudi ArabiaÂ ´ s intelligence chief , Prince Muhammad Bin Naif , in August 2009 . Analysts say that to the Saudis , and indeed to Washington , any commitment by Saleh to chase down al Qaeda 's leadership in Yemen would be welcome indeed . And , they say , Saleh probably perceives a grand bargain himself : cooperate in tracking down al-Awlaki and other AQAP seniors in return for less pressure to leave office . U.S. drone killed American cleric in Yemen , officials say Just hours before al-Awlaki 's death , Saleh hinted at his own unique role in "  saving " Yemen from al Qaeda , and broader coordination with allies , in an interview with the Washington Post and Time magazine . "  We are fighting the al Qaeda organization in -LSB- the southern region of -RSB- Abyan in coordination with the Americans and Saudis , " he said in an interview at the presidential palace . "  At the same time , American intelligence has knowledge that  al Qaeda  is in contact with both the Muslim Brotherhood  the opposition Islah party  and the military officers who are outlaws . And they  the Muslim Brotherhood and officers  told the vice president , "  Give us Abyan , and we will stop the war in Abyan and the al Qaeda network there . " In other words : ` All my opponents are in league with al Qaeda . ' Al-Awlaki : Who was he ? Opposition figures in Yemen say it 's unlikely that Saleh returned home , despite terrible burns and a chaotic situation , just to hand over the keys to the presidential palace . And certainly , since his return , Saleh has given little indication that he plans to go quietly . In the Time and Post interview , he launched a broadside against tribal leaders and dissident generals opposed to him . "  The GCC initiative is clear . It says to remove all the elements causing tensions , " he said . "  Because if we transfer power and they are there , this will mean that we have given in to a coup . If we transfer power , and they are in their positions , and they are still decision-makers , this will be very dangerous . This will lead to civil war . " Former CIA spy : Al-Awlaki "  very narcissistic " Christopher Boucek , an expert on Yemen with the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace , says Saleh is the one political institution who is above everyone else in Yemen . He can adjudicate a dispute or solve a problem . "  In my mind it is no coincidence this happened after his return , " Boucek says . Boucek adds that the dynamic inside Yemen has changed . Previously the government was reluctant to move against al-Awlaki because of fears about a hostile domestic reaction -- and the influence of his family and clan . That has changed : intelligence co-operation has improved and the killing of al-Awlaki is a way for Saleh to demonstrate that the United States still needs him . Saleh , now in power for more than forty years and regarded as one of the wiliest politicians in the Arab world , is well aware of the dynamic . "  What we see is that we are pressurized by America and the international community to speed up the process of handing over power , " he told Time and the Washington Post . "  And we know to where the power is going to go . It is going to al-Qaeda , which is directly and completely linked to the Muslim Brotherhood . " The shorthand : "  Apres moi , la deluge . " But there is also a Yemeni saying which translates roughly as "  From a pound of talk , an ounce of understanding . " Suitable guidance in any exploration of President Ali Abdullah Saleh 's motives and intentions . CNN 's Rima Maktabi contributed to this report	President Ali Abdullah Saleh recently returned to Yemen in a surprise move He says all his enemies are connected to al Qaeda Saleh has the reputation of being a wily politician
Brazil , a leading critic of American spying , appeared caught in a bind when a news report claimed that the South American giant conducted espionage of its own . But there is no hypocrisy here , the Brazilian government says , even as it defends its own snooping by using the same arguments the United States has espoused . "  I see the situations as completely different , " Brazilian Justice Minister Jose Eduardo Cardozo told Folha de Sao Paulo , the newspaper that broke the story of Brazil 's spying , in comments reported Tuesday . Europe falls out of love with Obama over NSA spying claims What the NSA is accused of doing to Brazil and other countries is a breach of secrecy , he said . "  That is interception of data , interceptions of phone calls . Intercepts that affront Brazil 's sovereignty , " he said . What Brazil did was engage in counterespionage measures that are allowed under its law , the minister said . Based on reports , the type of spying Brazil engaged in pales in comparison with what the United States is accused of . Mexico to summon U.S. ambassador over spying allegations Diplomatic relations between the the United States and Brazil were strained after leaked documents claimed that the U.S. National Security Agency spied on Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff and her aides . In the wake of the NSA scandal , Brazil postponed a state visit to the United States , and Brazil and Germany were drafting a United Nations resolution on privacy in electronic communication . The twist came last week , when Folha de Sao Paulo revealed that Brazil itself spied on foreign diplomats inside Brazil in 2003 and 2004 . Its targets included officials from Russia , Iran and the United States . On Monday , Brazil 's Institutional Security Cabinet , which overseas intelligence gathering , admitted that it had spied but defended its actions . Not only did the spying take place 10 years ago , but it took place within the bounds of Brazilian laws to protect national interests , the government said in a statement . While respecting the freedom of the press in Brazil , it is a crime to leak classified information , and those responsible for the leak will be prosecuted , the statement said . These statements echo U.S. arguments that it acted within its legal framework and that the U.S. leaker , Edward Snowden , should face criminal charges . Cordozo gave a third argument in defense of the Brazilian spying , which also sounds familiar : that every country engages in this type of activity . The difference , he told Folha de Sao Paulo , is that Brazil 's spying did not violate anyone 's rights or sovereignty . "  This seems to me a very crucial difference , " he said . "  If we do n't make that distinction , it gives the impression that what we are using the same method that we are criticizing . That is not the case . " Spying on allies - everybody does it	Brazil admitted that it spied on diplomats in 2003 and 2004 The country has been one of the biggest critics of spying by the NSA Brazilian officials say the two cases are not comparable
CNN  -- Severely soggy weather soaked the East Coast to the West over the weekend , stranding travelers , washing out roads and claiming two lives . And while the U.S. mainland cleared , Hawaii braced Monday for Tropical Storm Flossie , as the weakening , but still potent system closed on the island chain . Life-threatening flash floods and mud slides are forecast as the storm threatens to dump up to 15 inches of rain , the National Hurricane Center said . On the mainland In North Carolina , flood waters washed away two people in the state 's Piedmont region The drownings happened Saturday after 4 inches of rain fell over five hours , prompting officials to declare a state of emergency in Catawba County . Delilah Lovett , 10 , of Charlotte and Juan Alberdi , 48 , of Huntersville -- members of different families who were visiting the area together -- were both swimming in what is known as the "  bathtub " on Wilson 's Creek in Caldwell County around 6:15 p.m. , the Caldwell County Sheriff 's Office said . Rain , which had already stopped , raised Wilson Creek 2 feet above normal levels and created "  very swift currents " and carried them away , according to a statement from the sheriff 's department . Kayakers found Delilah 's body nearly an hour after she disappeared , it said . Search and rescue crews found Alberdi on Sunday , about a quarter mile north of where they were first told he went into the water , according to LouAnne Kincaid , a spokeswoman for Caldwell County . In Lincoln County , a swiftwater rescue team saved two people found hanging Sunday onto a tree after their canoe tipped over in Lincolnton , North Carolina , according to emergency mangement spokesman Dion Burleson . Catawba County officials reported 10 swiftwater rescues . Record-setting hit Philadelphia International Airport , dumping nearly 8 inches of rain in just 6 hours . The storm knocked out power to parts of the airport , leaving some folks in the dark . At least 33 roads in Catawba and Lincoln counties will remain closed on a long-term basis due to storm damage , officials said . Out West The heavy rains inundated area interstates , leaving cars stranded and traffic backed up for miles . It was more of the same out West as heavy rain mixed with hail pounded the Las Vegas area . The system also triggered a flash flood near the Grand Canyon , flipping a tour bus on its side and sweeping it 300 yards downstream . All 33 passengers crawled out a window to safety . In Hawaii Tropical Storm Flossie weakened but still brought the treat of torrential rains to the Hawaiian islands on Monday . The storm , with 45 mph winds , prompted officials to close beaches , backcountry trails and some government offices . Tropical storm warnings were up across the islands despite a weakening trend and a slight northwestern shift that could spare parts of the islands a more significant dousing . CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo and Greg Botelho contributed to this report	NEW : At least 33 North Carolina roads will remain closed long-term due to storm damage North Carolina flooding claims two lives ; others rescued . Bus near Grand Canyon flips on side , washes downstream All 33 passengers climb to safety
CNN  -- It seems the world of the golf cart is changing if certain industry manufacturers are to be believed . By shedding their normal surroundings , improving their dowdy image and hitting the streets -- "  pimped up " carts may increasingly be seen away from the course . Celebrities have been queuing up to jump on the buggy-wagon . The most recent purchase was by pop star Cheryl Cole , who bought husband and Chelsea footballer Ashley Cole a "  Mini-Hummer " buggy as a gift , spending $ 8,000 customizing the cart with gold-plated hub caps , Swarovski crystals and a trunk for his golf clubs . Dominik Jackson , owner of Mini-Hummer says demand for the vehicles has rocketed since 2006 : "  It started as a glorified golf buggy , but since adapting the look we 've had demand from all over Europe and even from royal families in the Middle East . " The carts are already on the roads in Paris , Brussels and Amsterdam , and the company are planning to launch a new fully enclosed Mini-Hummer in London next year . While Europe is catching up with the trend , there has been a big market for "  pimped " golf carts in the United States for some time . "  I 'd say about 99 % of our sales these days are for individual use , " says Randy Hopper , owner of Sick 'N' Twisted Designs , one of the largest bespoke golf cart manufacturers in California . "  We build customized golf carts to the specific requirements of the customer - we pretty much do everything . " And this really means everything . Modern carts are now built with leather seats , wooden dashboard , surround-sound systems , iPod players , lower lighting and air bags , in a variety of themes - street , lifted , off-road and even Limo carts . Sick 'N' Twisted customer Dave Johnson is having his golf cart pimped and modified to match the color of his boat : "  It 's going to be burgundy with 12-inch wheels , full sound system and air-bags that adjust the height of the cart . " Dave insists that in his neighborhood , golf carts are more of an everyday than a luxury item : "  They 're practical , affordable and it 's nice to cruise around and see your neighbors . " So is this a case of keeping up with the Joneses ? "  There 's no official competition on our street , but people take notice of things like that . It 's definitely seen as a status symbol . " While the golf cart remains a staple on the fairways , the souped-up street version is no longer just par for the course .	Adapted golf carts are growing in popularity across Europe 99 % of sales are for individual use in the USA Modern carts built with leather seats , airbags and iPod players ` Pimped ' golf carts are seen as status symbol
CNN  -- It would be easy to dismiss Friday 's election of Hassan Rouhani as president of Iran as little more than a sham -- a rigged election that changes nothing . Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei still calls the shots in Tehran . The election wo n't stop Iran 's nuclear program or end Iran 's years of enmity with Israel or the United States . Nor will it reverse Iran 's support for Syria 's brutal regime . It would be easy to shrug off the election , like Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel has effectively done . But it would be wrong . While the election did not change Iran 's real power structure and was not an exercise in democracy -- the theocratic backroom bosses blocked more than 700 aspiring candidates from the ballots -- it has already changed the calculus of the Middle East in a number of important , if subtle , ways . It was not a political sea-change as much as a shift in tone and optics . But such a shift may have very significant consequences . Perhaps most importantly , the election has enabled Iran to shrug off President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . Ahmadinejad , who combined the hateful ignorance of being a Holocaust denier with the governing incompetence that has left his country in an economic shambles , will not be missed . Indeed , this week began with reports that the outgoing president is now facing criminal charges in his own country where his popularity , thanks largely to rampant inflation and high unemployment , is at rock bottom . Instead of Mahmoud the Mockable , Iran has in an instant bought itself greater credibility and a moment to demonstrate whether real change there is possible . While the election denied the people the real choice they deserved , voters sent an unmistakable message with the strong first-ballot victory they gave Dr. Rouhani , a former Iranian nuclear negotiator known for his pragmatic streak . They rejected six other more hard-line candidates , including those who were seen to be favored by Khamenei . The election has reminded the world that the Iranian people are not easily reduced to a simplistic identity as members of "  the axis of evil . " The country has a diverse populous with a rich history of intense national debate , despite decades of autocratic rule . When the West propped up a corrupt and abusive Shah , an Islamic revolution was the result . More recently , as the Islamic leadership has caused great hardship in Iran , we have seen the stirrings of opposition that arose most dramatically in the Green Revolution that followed Ahmadinejad 's re-election in 2009 . The government is oppressively heavy-handed , the world 's leading state sponsor of terrorism , and actively trying to spread its influence throughout the Middle East , but , the election reminded us the people of Iran contain many views , some of which , despite the best efforts of the regime , remain very close to the surface . In his first press conference , Rouhani espoused views that suggested that he would seek to moderate Iran 's international stance . While strongly defending the country 's right to its nuclear program , he underscored a desire to "  enhance mutual trust " with the rest of the world . He spoke of enhancing the "  transparency " of the nuclear program and specifically of seeking better relations with neighbors in the Persian Gulf region . And , not surprisingly , he focused on doing what he could to fix the spluttering Iranian economy -- the issue that more than any other will determine how he fares when he assumes his role in August . Rouhani 's press conference offered other shreds of hope . He offered the possibility of improved relations with both the U.S. and the UK , saying of the former "  the issue of relations between Iran and America is a complicated and difficult issue . It is an old wound that needs to be healed . " It would be naÃ ¯ ve to assume that this election or a more moderate tilt by a new president who will not actually be running the country signals a sea-change . But simply by virtue of his stance , he has effectively hit the pause button on the U.S.-Iran stand-off on nukes . A confrontation or attack in the near-term seems much less likely . At the same time , the international community will inevitably test his willingness to seek better relations . The U.S. should participate in that effort , identifying achievable near-term goals that might show progress toward stopping the Iranian nuclear program , or assistance in finding a solution in Syria , while underscoring to Rouhani that his actions will be the only meaningful metric by which he will be judged . Perhaps this election signifies only a superficial or temporary change . But given the stakes , it must also be seen as a cautiously encouraging one . One of the world 's most dangerous situations is not , at this moment , hurtling irreversibly toward conflict . There is , for all but the most cynical , a glimmer of hope for a slight opening . That not only resets the clock , it actually creates the opportunity for something like progress . More importantly , it reminds us that however repressive or dangerous Iran 's autocratic clerics may be , the people of the country should not reflexively be seen as the enemies of the West or of peace . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Rothkopf .	David Rothkopf : Some say election of Iran 's Rouhani wo n't change anything -- they 're wrong He says Khameni may really call shots , but vote for moderate changes Mideast tone , optics He says it showed Iranians favored Rouhani , a former nuke negotiator , reject Ahmadinejad Rothkopf : U.S. should seek reachable goals with Rouhani aimed at stopping Iran nuke program
Washington  CNN  -- For more than two centuries , it stood as a silent witness to history -- the "  Arlington Oak , " a tree that sprouted on land once owned by Robert E. Lee , and later consecrated as part of Arlington National Cemetery . Last weekend , it fell -- one more casualty of the winds and heavy rains from Hurricane Irene . "  It is truly unfortunate to see it 's now gone -- that tree had a significant legacy here at Arlington , " said Steve Van Hoven , the cemetery 's urban forester . The Arlington Oak , estimated to be 220 years old , stood by in stoic silence as a nation 's history spread out nearby , as the acres filled with the graves of veterans , dignitaries , presidents and the fallen from war after war . For nearly half a century it shaded the area near the graves of members of the Kennedy family who were buried only yards below a slope that leads up to Lee 's Arlington House mansion overlooking the Potomac River . According to Arlington National Cemetery , the oak was most known for the role it played in the selection of the grave site for President John F. Kennedy . Kennedy is said to have visited Arlington House -- now a national memorial -- in the spring of 1963 and said the view was so magnificent that he could stay there forever . The Arlington Oak was part of that view . In addition to the Arlington Oak , five other large trees were lost to Irene , including a white oak estimated to be 240 years old , according to the cemetery . Crews have been working since the storm passed to clear debris left from broken branches and smaller trees that were uprooted . It took several days to cut and clean up the trunk and branches of the majestic oak , according to the cemetery .	The "  Arlington Oak " was estimated to be 220 years old It shaded the area near the graves of Kennedy family members John Kennedy is said to have visited the area in 1963 and was taken with the view The Arlington Oak was part of that view
CNN  -- Josh and Jenni Johnston already have photos and memories of 4-year-old Anastasia , the HIV-positive Russian orphan they met in November and hoped to welcome into their family . Now they do n't know what the future holds after Russian President Vladimir Putin on Friday signed a controversial law that bans the adoption of Russian children by American families . The new law creates uncertainty for 46 American families who have already met prospective adoptees , according to the U.S. State Department . The agency , which helps facilitate foreign adoptions , hopes Russia will lift the ban altogether , but in the meantime is working to resolve pending adoptions . Read more : Russia 's Putin signs anti-U.S. adoption bill As far as the Johnstons know , their dossier was submitted to a Russian court on Friday , one month after meeting Anastasia in a children 's home outside Moscow . Otherwise , they have no idea where their case stands or how the new law will affect them . "  We just hope everything works out so we can bring her home , " Josh Johnston said in a phone interview from his home in Dover , New Jersey . "  We told her we were going to be back for her and she said she would wait for us , " he said . "  Now we 're in limbo . " The couple already has one adopted child , 4-year-old Jack from Ethiopia , and two biological children . But they wanted to continue growing their family , and their Christian faith led them to again consider adoption , Josh Johnston said . Jenni Johnston 's experience volunteering for an international nonprofit had also opened their eyes to the difficulties orphans with medical conditions face in finding a family , leading them to specifically request a child who was HIV-positive . "  We knew that there was an overwhelming need for children to be adopted , especially children with special needs , " Josh Johnston said . "  We had means and love to give , so we figured that would be the best way to serve the Lord and the world . " They completed about 90 hours of online and classroom training on cultural awareness and raising a special-needs child before arriving in Moscow at the end of November . They met with an official from the region 's Ministry of Education , who gave them an information packet with Anastasia 's picture , Josh Johnston said . They accepted the referral and drove about 70 miles  115 km  east of Moscow to the children 's home , an imposing facility surrounded by high fences topped with barbed wire . Inside , they found a clean and safe environment for children ages 4 to 16 . They first saw Anastasia from a distance in the audience of a talent show and later met her face-to-face accompanied by a nurse and doctor , Josh Johnston said . She seemed shy and unsure at first . But when the nurse explained that they were there to take her home , her face flushed and she smiled , he said . "  She captured our hearts , " he said . "  We went there guided by the Lord , and she was the one the Lord put in front of us . " Americans tend to seek adoptions abroad because of the perception that it 's easier and that there are more children in need in other countries than in the United States . In the past 20 years , Americans have adopted about 60,000 Russian children , according to the U.S State Department . In 2011 , Americans adopted 970 children from Russia , making it third to China  2,589 in 2011  and Ethiopia  1,727  , according to the U.S. State Department . Still , most adoptions are domestic . U.S. citizens adopted 17,416 children from foreign countries in 2008 , accounting for 13 percent of adoptions that year compared to approximately 136,000 children in the United States , according to a 2011 report from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services ' Children 's Bureau . "  Generally , it 's perceived that orphans have far greater challenges abroad than they do in the United States , so when it comes to adopting a child , families typically want to raise a child out of a desperate situation , " said Kim de Blecourt , founder of Nourished Hearts , a faith-based support network for those connected to adoption and foster care . Another common perception is that it costs less to adopt internationally . But estimates show that variables such as travel , visa and attorney fees can drive up the cost . International adoptions also offer families who do n't want open adoptions more distance from biological parents -- geographically , psychologically and logistically . When Dominique Love found out she could n't have children , she and her husband started looking abroad to avoid potential conflicts with birth parents . She knows that stance might draw criticism , but at the time it was a very real fear . "  I was scared of the birth mother having a role in our lives , or taking the child back or changing her mind , " she said . "  When you 're standing on the edge of adoption , every angle of it is scary . Until you 're in those shoes and faced with the decision you really ca n't judge . " The couple came across Russia as an option and ultimately found the experience to be so positive that they planned to return there to adopt a daughter . The process was relatively quick , from the moment they submitted paperwork in August 2008 to when they left the country on February 7 , 2009 , with the 20-month-old boy they later renamed Hampton Burchfield Love Greto . He knows he is adopted and where he 's from , she said . She and her husband try to instill in him an awareness of Russian culture through maps , books and TV shows about Russia . They have also become part of a community of Russian-American families in Atlanta in an effort to stay connected to his roots . "  He 's Russian-American . It 's part of his story , and we do n't want to erase that , " she said . She remembers the day her son thanked her for "  choosing " him . It broke her heart and reminded her of the other children still waiting for a family to choose them , which is why she was eager to return to Russia for Hampton 's sister . If the ban holds up , she and her husband will pursue a domestic adoption . She sympathizes with Russians who want their children to stay in the land where they born but thinks the children are the ones who will suffer . "  Our son had been in that baby home for 12 months when we came along , " she said . "  You do n't understand the need until you see it . We walked into that baby home and saw the number of children that need homes . " Follow CNN Living on Facebook and Emanuella Grinberg on Twitter CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Josh and Jenni Johnston told orphan Anastasia they would return for her The New Jersey couple has no idea how the new law will affect them Their faith , sympathy for special-needs children led them to look for HIV-positive orphan Mother of child adopted from Russia says bill will hurt orphans in need of homes
It has become a tragically familiar scene in American life : law enforcement officers descending on a packed school where a gunman is on the loose . A procession of students , their hands raised , slowly making their way out of the danger zone . But the handling of Friday 's shooting at Arapahoe High School -- just 10 miles from the scene of the 1999 Columbine High School shooting where two students killed 12 classmates and a teacher before fatally shooting themselves -- drew important lessons from the earlier bloodshed . At Arapahoe High School , where senior Claire Davis , 17 , was critically injured before the shooter turned the gun on himself , law enforcement officers responded within minutes and immediately entered the school to confront the gunman rather than surrounding the building , authorities said . As the sound of shots reverberated through the corridors , teachers immediately followed procedures put in place after Columbine , locking the doors and moving students to the rear of classrooms . "  That 's straight out of Columbine , " Kenneth Trump , president of National School Safety and Security Services , a Cleveland-based consulting firm , told CNN Saturday . "  The goal is to proceed and neutralize the shooter . Columbine really revolutionized the way law enforcement responds to active shooters . " Arapahoe County Sheriff Grayson Robinson credited the quick police response time for the fact that student Karl Pierson , the gunman , stopped firing on others and turned his weapon on himself . In fact , Robinson told reporters Saturday , Pierson killed himself less than 1 minute , 20 seconds after entering the school . Robinson said a deputy sheriff assigned as a school resource officer and an unarmed security guard immediately closed in on the shooter . "  That one minute and 20 seconds , in my mind , is extraordinarily relevant , " he said , noting that Pierson was heavily armed , with ammunition , a knife and three explosives . Authorities knew from research and contact with forensic psychologists that school shooters typically continue firing until confronted by law enforcement , Robinson said . "  We believe that the response from the school resource officer and from the unarmed school security officer was absolutely critical to the fact we did not have additional injury and or death , " he said . Robinson said the so-called active shooter response protocol , which was developed after Columbine , was put into place . In addition , school staff and students implemented a well-rehearsed lockdown practice . "  The combination of quick response by the resource officer and the implementation of a lockdown protocol caused the children and staff to be safe , " he said . "  Both protocols came together as they were designed to do . " Friday 's shooting came on the eve of the one year anniversary of the Sandy Hook Elementary School massacre , where Adam Lanza killed 20 first-graders and six adults at the now-demolished elementary school in the second-deadliest school shooting in U.S. history . Newtown marks anniversary of school killings "  It 's very unfortunate that we have to say that there 's a textbook response on the way to respond to these , because that textbook was written based on all of the incidents that we 've had and the lessons learned , " Trump said . Trump said both Sandy Hook and the latest shooting in Colorado highlight the importance of "  training and engaging " school support staff -- from custodians to school secretaries to maintenance and food service workers -- on how to best respond during these incidents . In Sandy Hook , a school custodian 's 911 calls provided authorities some of the first information about what was happening . "  Often these people are not getting training in school emergency planning , " Trump said . "  In a critical incident , they may be the first person to respond . " At Arapahoe High School , a school janitor spotted Pierson , whose intended target was a faculty member , in his tactical gear , he told CNN affiliate KMGH . "  It just looked weird , " Fabian Llerenas said . "  He went in , and I heard two pops . That 's when I knew . I said , ` They are shooting in the school . ' " Llerenas said he called 911 and then escorted the targeted faculty member out of the school . Pierson had fired at the man but missed , Llerenas told KUSA . "  He was so -LSB- shaken -RSB- up , he felt the wind hit , out of the shotgun just blew his hair , but it did n't hit him . It was that scary for him , " Llerenas said . "  In my opinion , that was the most important tactical decision that could have been made , " Robinson said . The faculty member "  left that school in an effort to try to encourage the shooter to also leave the school . " Trump said other lessons learned from Columbine included the controlled evacuations and pat-down searches of students in a secure area . Self evacuations can create chaos for the police . Additionally , schools now have predesignated parent-student "  reunification centers " to prevent parents from showing up at the scene and interfering with law enforcement , as was the case in Sandy Hook , Trump said . "  The lessons of Columbine are still the best practices , " Trump said . After Sandy Hook . Trump said , some officials advocated a "  run , hide or fight " approach developed for workplace shootings in which teachers and students are encouraged to be prepared to throw things at gunmen . Some even suggested that elementary school students use items such as cans of soup to attack gunmen . Trump called it a "  high risk , high liability proposition . " "  The good news is that we 're getting better at preventing and responding to these incidents , " he said . "  The bad news is that there will be cases that slip through the cracks . "	Handling of shooting at Arapahoe High School drew important lessons from Columbine Authorities say officers responded within minutes and immediately entered the school Teachers immediately locked down and moved students to the rear of classrooms
CNN  -- English Premier League Fulham produced a superb performance in Switzerland on Wednesday to eliminate opponents Basel from the Europa League with a 3-2 victory . Roy Hodgson 's men went into the away game needing victory to leapfrog their opponents and join Group E winners AS Roma in the last 32 of Europe 's second-tier club competition . Fulham were led by striker Bobby Zamora , who capped a recent scoring spree with two goals just before halftime . Basel hit back with a disputed penalty before Zoltan Gera put Fulham 3-1 ahead with a neat finish . But a Marco Streller 87th minute strike for the home side set up a nervous finish for the visitors , who survived to reach the knockout stages . Roma beat CSKA Sofia in the group 's other match with Alessandro Cerci scornig twice . In Group F , French star Djibril Cisse scored a late double as Panathinaikos booked their passage with a 3-0 home win over Dinamo Bucharest . Ante Rukavina set the Greek giants on their way to the last 32 with a 55th-minute strike . Turkish side Galatasaray won the group but lost 1-0 to Austria 's Sturm Graz , who scored through Daniel Beichler . In Group D , Bundesliga Hertha Berlin beat Sporting Lisbon of Portugal 1-0 through Gojko Kacar 's second half strike . It meant Dutch side Heerenveen were eliminated despite a 5-0 home victory over FK Ventspils . Second-half goals from Gerard Sibon , who scored twice , Mika Vayrynen , Viktor Elm and Darryl Janmaat gave Heerenveen victory , but Hertha 's win spoiled their celebrations . Sporting were already through as group winners . Last season 's UEFA Cup finalists Werder Bremen beat Athletic Bilbao 3-0 to top Group L , with both guaranteed their spots in Friday 's draw . Bremen netted three times in the opening 36 minutes through Claudio Pizarro , Naldo and Markus Rosenberg to complete a comfortable win .	Fulham reach last 32 of Europa League at the expense of Basel with 3-2 win in Switzerland Greek giants Panathinaikos book place in knockout stage with 3-0 win over Dinamo Bucharest Hertha Berlin go through with 1-0 win over group winners Sporting Lisbon Fellow Bundesliga side Werder Bremen top Goup L after 3-0 win over Athletic Bilbao
CNN  -- Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez and U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton shook hands on the sidelines of Brazil 's presidential inauguration this weekend , state media reported . The Venezuelan state-run AVN news agency said the two discussed specific issues in a brief , informal conversation . Both leaders were in Brazil for the inauguration of Dilma Rousseff , the country 's first female president . "  We greeted each other .  Clinton  , I think , was entering the room . She had a very spontaneous smile and I greeted her with the same effusiveness . ... It was a pleasant moment . We spoke about two or three specific things , " Chavez told state-run VTV . State media did not specify what issues were discussed . As of early Sunday morning , the U.S. State Department had not released any details about the conversation . Diplomatic relations between the two countries have been particularly strained recently . Last week the State Department announced that the U.S. government had revoked the visa of the Venezuelan ambassador to Washington . That move came in response to Venezuela 's decision not to accept the diplomatic credentials of Larry Palmer , the U.S. ambassadorial nominee for the South American country , State Department spokesman Mark Toner said . Earlier , Toner told reporters that diplomatic relations with Venezuela were in the "  national interest . " "  We believe it 's in our national interest to have an ambassador in Caracas so that we can candidly express our views and engage with the government of Venezuela . ... There are tensions in the relationship , and it 's precisely because of that that we feel that it 's important to have appropriate diplomatic relations , " he said . Venezuela 's government has said it considers statements Palmer made about the country "  unacceptable declarations . " In response to a questionnaire by Sen. Richard Lugar , R-Indiana , Palmer said last year that he had concerns about freedom of expression in Venezuela and that there are "  clear ties " between the Venezuelan government and Colombian guerrillas . Venezuela "  considers that the content of those statements sets a precedent of meddling and interventionism from someone that has not even arrived in Venezuelan territory yet , " the Venezuelan government said in a statement last year .	Chavez tells state media that they discussed "  two or three specific things " The U.S. State Department has not released any details about the exchange Recent diplomatic relations between the two countries have been particularly strained Washington revoked the visa of the Venezuelan ambassador to Washington last week
CNN  -- Sony announced Sunday that parts of the PlayStation Network will be back online this week and gamers will receive compensation for not being able to log on . The PlayStation Network -- which allows users to play games with friends around the world and download movies and games over the Internet -- went offline on April 20 after officials learned days before a hacker stole personal information from its 77 million users . Sony officials did not disclose the breach until April 22 . Sony executives apologized for the breach at a news conference in Tokyo on Sunday , saying they are conducting a thorough and ongoing investigation into the matter . "  This criminal act against our network had a significant impact not only on our consumers , but our entire industry . These illegal attacks obviously highlight the widespread problem with cyber security , " said Kazuo Hirai , executive deputy president of Sony Corp. . "  We take the security of our consumers ' information very seriously and are committed to helping our consumers protect their personal data . " Officials said they will restore online gameplay for both the PlayStation 3 and PSP later this week , in addition to PlayStation Home , friends list and chat functionality . Once the PlayStation Network is restored online , users will have to change their account passwords before being able to log into the service . The update will require users to change their passwords on the PS3 on which the account was activated , or through e-mail validation . To thank customers for their patience and loyalty , Sony announced it would offer PlayStation Network users 30 days free membership in the PlayStation Plus service , which provides access to exclusive games and beta trials for games . Current subscribers to the PlayStation Plus service will receive an additional 30 days for free .	The PlayStation Network allows users to play games with friends worldwide It also allows users to download movies and games over the Internet It went offline on April 20 after a hacker stole personal information from its 77 million users
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A letter penned by George Washington praising the new Constitution sold for $ 3.2 million at an auction , the highest price for a letter by America 's first president . The four-page letter in Washington 's slanting penmanship was written to his nephew Bushrod Washington in November 1787 , according to Christie 's , the company that auctioned it . It was in the possession of an unidentified British descendant of his family , Christie 's said . Washington led the Philadelphia Convention , at which the Constitution was drafted in 1787 . After the Constitution was produced , a nationwide debate ensued on whether to ratify it . In the letter written from Washington 's Virginia estate , Mount Vernon , he endorses the Constitution and highlights the benefits of compromise and of states merging into one nation . "  The central issues must be consolidated -- and local views as far as the general good will admit , must be attended to , " he says in the letter , according to Christie 's . The company said the president confided in his nephew . "  Washington professed neutrality in public , but to Bushrod expressed his unequivocal conviction that the new Constitution must be ratified , in spite of opposition from many special-interest groups , " Christie 's said . The buyer was not identified . Christie 's had earlier estimated that the letter would fetch $ 1.5 million to $ 2.5 million at Friday 's auction . Washington served from 1789 to 1797 , then died of a throat infection two years later . He died at his beloved Mount Vernon at age 67 , plunging the nation into months of mourning . Last year , a 1864 letter in which President Abraham Lincoln replies to the abolitionist pleas of youth sold for $ 3.4 million .	Highest price ever paid for a letter penned by America 's first president Four-page letter sold for $ 3.2 million at auction by Christie 's on Friday Letter was written to his nephew Bushrod Washington in November 1787 Last year , a 1864 letter by President Abraham Lincoln sold for $ 3.4 million
CNN  -- If your coach airline seat is uncomfortable , it 's your fault . That 's the gist of one of hundreds of responses to a CNN.com report about airline seat comfort , configuration and cost . Coach fliers may complain about airline seats , but U.S. airlines are filling those seats pretty successfully . A commenter called withReason7 suggests that consumers are getting what they ask for . "  I will continue to blame the passengers that will sit in any crappy seat as long as it 's a little bit cheaper . THAT IS WHY THE AIRLINES ARE DOING THIS . Not because they are mean , because that is what MOST travelers want ... " In the report , a top body measurement expert says Americans are getting bigger , and seat-makers have been basing their designs on the wrong body parts . A seat maker says the industry simply builds what the airlines want . An airline spokesman says passengers are more interested in cost rather than comfort . Have you seen the new numbers for airline passenger traffic ? Cha-CHING ! From the looks of it , seems like carriers are n't having any trouble selling seats , even if they are less than royal thrones . U.S. airlines hauled 53.1 million passengers in February . That 's an increase of 6.1 % over traffic in February 2011 and 9 % above the same month in 2010 , according to the U.S. government . But the numbers also show that airline profits are down a bit , probably due to higher fuel prices , according to the Los Angeles Times . Commenter Rick1948 says airlines have some work to do . "  The domestic airlines need to get back into the customer service business . Spread the seats out , get rid of the flight attendants with an attitude or have behinds wider than the drink cart , trash the toy airliners and get the real ones back , and start serving real food again . Then , charge whatever you need to so you can make a REASONABLE profit . Those who can afford to fly - will - and those who ca n't - wo n't . Then , at least flying wo n't approximate the pain of a root canal any more . " Are there any new ideas out there that can spread some sunshine among grumpy fliers ? Johnkc suggests bringing in Uncle Sam . "  Sometimes , we need the government to save us from ourselves . There should be a mandated minimum width of seats and legroom . Do you really think it is safe with all those people packed in like sardines ? We needed the government to mandate auto safety , and should have the same on airlines so that everyone is reasonably comfortable and safe in flying . I am not a fat person , but the way they jam us on airplanes , it is just not fun to fly anymore . " Speaking of the government , Washington is predicting a slight dip in domestic passenger traffic this year , before it starts to rise again in a steep slope that will ultimately see air travel nearly double during the next 20 years . Hopefully , passenger size and weight wo n't be doubling . America 's battle with weight is bleeding over into airline cabins . Commenter razorback10 , who wanted to do the right thing , was faced with a difficult choice . "  I flew this last weekend . I am overweight and so looked at the website to see if there was anything I needed to do . It recommended buying two tickets , so I did in the section with extra legroom . Get to my seat and it turns out I do n't need the seatbelt extension , I was suprised and informed the stew that I had purchased the 2nd seat so they would n't be looking for the person who was n't showing . The flight is full and there is a waitlist . They actually bring a guy on the plane to ask if I was willing to give my 2nd seat up for him . I politely said no , nodded at him and resumed reading my book . I was terrified of flying because of the bigotry , I sure as hell was n't going to give up the extra seat I paid for so some guy to take it and then likely complain later . " It 's hard to know whether commenter GBGentleman was being serious or facetious when he suggested this : "  I think they should charge fares based on weight . You and your luggage get on a scale when you get to the airport . You get a refund or have to pay more compared to the ` average ' price you paid . I weigh significantly less than the ` average ' American so why should I supplant the cost of flying those who are larger than I am ? Want to save money LOSE weight . " Of course , frustration is n't the only emotion travel inspires . Otherwise , why would we do it ? We want to hear about your greatest travel moments , whether serendipitous or carefully planned . What sticks out to you as your biggest travel success ? Share your stories below .	CNN.com commenters weigh in on airline seat controversy Americans are getting bigger ; seats are not One commenter calls for government regulation Another commenter says airlines should charge by passenger weight
CNN  -- Prince Albert II may be head of state in the principality of Monaco , but when it comes to the Formula One street circuit of Monte Carlo there is only one king : Ayrton Senna . The Brazilian driver won a record six times at the legendary grand prix during a glittering career which included three world championship triumphs and 41 race victories . "  As a competitor , from the point of view of all or nothing , he ranks up there at the top , " fellow world champion and former on-track rival Nigel Mansell told CNN . "  Sadly , as with so many other drivers in the history of the sport , he was prematurely taken away from us . " Monaco : Where exhaust fumes and foie gras mix Senna 's tragic death aged 34 at the San Marino Grand Prix in 1994 devastated millions in his homeland , and his passing led to three days of national mourning . Monaco 's narrow twists and turns are regarded as one of motorsport 's toughest tests , but Senna seemed to relish the technical challenge and excelled when pushing his car to the absolute limit around the harbor 's winding streets . He began his love affair with the track in 1984 , with a dazzling display of driving talent during his rookie season with British team Toleman . Senna qualified 13th for a grand prix blighted by torrential rain in an unspectacular car . It was only his sixth race and one which would mark the first step on his ascent into F1 's pantheon of greats . Ayrton Senna 's greatest F1 moments "  Winning the wet races , as Ayrton did , is all part of the challenge , " current McLaren driver and 2008 world champion Lewis Hamilton told British newspaper The Times in 2008 . "  He proved he was the best by destroying everyone ... Doing it  at Monaco  is even harder . This track does bring out the true driver and the best drivers do rise to the top . " If what Hamilton said is true , then the legendary circuit unearthed its most precious jewel among the monsoon-like conditions of June 3 , 1984 . The downpour was laying waste to a distinguished field , with Nelson Piquet , already a double world champion , and Englishman Mansell both out of proceedings inside the first 15 laps . After Senna unleashed a ruthless surge of speed to burn past future championship winner Niki Lauda and move into second place , the 24-year-old had McLaren 's race leader Alain Prost in his sights . With Senna tearing through the deluge and gaining on the Frenchman at a rate of three seconds per lap , the race officials came to Prost 's rescue . The contest was brought to a premature end after 31 laps , seconds before Senna was able to overhaul Prost , and it heralded the beginning of a fierce rivalry between the two future teammates . Despite an explosive start to his Monaco career , it would be another three years until Senna secured his maiden victory on the street circuit while racing for Lotus in 1987 . The South American 's mastery of Monte Carlo 's winding roads was coming to the fore , and the full extent of his ability was displayed during the 1988 event -- in his debut season as Prost 's colleague at McLaren , when he won his first world title . "  Managing two highly-motivated sportsmen such as Ayrton and Alain was always going to be a challenging task , " former team principal Ron Dennis told CNN . "  One of Ayrton 's unique and great qualities was that he was determined , he wanted to be the best and nothing was about to stand in his way . " It was Senna 's infatuation with supremacy which contributed to a legendary qualifying performance , with the sport 's official website claiming he "  became a passenger on a surreal ride into the unknown . " Despite driving identical cars , Senna was able to record a lap two seconds faster than his French teammate to clinch pole position in mesmeric fashion . "  Ayrton had such an evident natural talent , " said Dennis , who is now executive chairman of the McLaren group . "  He was physically fit to a level that caught so many of his opponents off-guard . "  He had an admirable obsession with being the best , a superiority for which he was both known and loved . " Victory seemed a formality for Senna , who had built a 55-second lead over Prost with only 11 laps remaining . Determined to push himself harder and harder , the race leader lost control and smashed into the wall at the eighth turn on the track -- a corner known as Portier . "  I think it is always surprising , " Mansell , who also crashed out that year , told CNN of Senna 's failure to win in ' 88 . "  But at Monaco the slightest mistake can turn into a big mistake , and Ayrton made a very small mistake and paid the penalty of not finishing . " It gifted Prost a fourth Monaco triumph in five years , but Senna would bounce back to emphatically trump his nemesis . In 1989 , aged 29 , he secured a second Monte Carlo crown and began a sequence of domination which saw him claim five successive editions of the marquee race . Arguably his toughest -- and most fortuitous -- win came in 1992 , when the Williams of Mansell had claimed maximum points in the year 's first five races and was blazing a trail towards world championship glory . "  With Piquet , Prost and Senna , as well as myself and many other drivers , it was very difficult in the late 1980s/early 1990s to win , " Mansell said . "  With competition being at its strongest , and having so many other committed drivers , it was a very satisfying experience when you beat them . " Mansell was on course to once again defeat his rivals until disaster struck with seven laps remaining , when the world championship leader was forced into the pits . Senna took control but , on fresh , quicker tires and with a superior car , Mansell quickly closed the gap on the new leader and furiously tried to overhaul him . A dogged Senna used every inch of his McLaren to defend the Williams ' onslaught and he held on to temporarily derail Mansell 's championship charge . Mansell was exhausted when he took to the podium , but the 31-time race winner is not bitter when reflecting on the experience . "  Incredible excitement combined with disappointment , " said Mansell when asked what emotions he experienced 23 years ago . "  The rules then made it incredibly exciting , and I think the last closing laps were fantastic for the fans and for F1 . " So what was it that made Senna a seemingly perfect match for Monaco ? "  At times Ayrton had a better team , a better car and reliability , which is all you need at Monaco , " said Mansell . "  But above all you have to have that total commitment and concentration to do the job . Any great race-car driver will tell you that driving a car on a knife edge is sometimes very difficult . " Two weeks after Senna 's passing at Imola , Ferrari 's Michael Schumacher assumed the mantel of Monte Carlo maestro by claiming the first of his five victories on the Mediterranean coast . The German can match Senna 's all-time record by guiding his Mercedes over the line in first position at this weekend 's race but -- at the age of 42 -- the seven-time world champion 's best days are certainly behind him . Senna 's Monte Carlo achievements look set to be beyond even F1 's most successful driver . Proof , if it was needed , that the Brazilian remains the king of Monaco .	Ayrton Senna won Formula One 's Monaco Grand Prix a record six times The Brazilian was second on his debut on the track in 1984 , with the Toleman team Senna 's first win on the street circuit arrived in 1987 , his final season with Lotus The three-time world champion won the race five years in a row between 1989-93
CNN  -- He is self coached , he relies on YouTube videos to hone his technique -- and in running-mad Kenya , he had to plead with officials to win selection for the track and field team as a javelin thrower . Julius Yego may not have won a medal at the 2012 London Olympics but his achievement in just qualifying and then reaching the final in this specialist discipline was a triumph over adversity . "  I do not have a coach , my motivation comes from within . Training without a coach is not an easy thing , " he told CNN 's Human to Hero series . But this obvious handicap did not prevent him hurling the 800-gram spear 81.81 meters -- his personal best , breaking his own national record -- in qualifying in London to join his sport 's elite . Yego eventually finished 12th in the final behind Keshorn Walcott of Trinidad and Tobago , who shocked the likes of two-time defending champion Andreas Thorkildsen of Norway to win a surprise gold . Walcott 's upset victory , only the second by a non-European in Olympic javelin competition , should act as encouragement to Yego , who is not short of self belief . "  I want to be a legend and leave a legacy , " he said . "  My focus now is on the 2013 World Championships in Moscow . I am trying to be in the top three . I have to move into the medal bracket , not just in the finals . " Yego had to battle "  a lot of challenges " to gain acceptance in his own country as a world-class athlete . The 23-year-old hails from a village in the Rift Valley , the traditional breeding ground for the seemingly endless stream of Kenyan distance runners who have enjoyed such success in distances from 800 meters to the marathon . The fourth child in a family of nine , he took up the javelin at secondary school when he realized he was n't going to be a successful footballer . "  My first-born sister used to encourage me , my mum also , but my dad sometimes was angry with me , " Yego said . "  Most of my time I was going out of school , no learning , so he was a bit angry with me . But after I proved him wrong he let me continue with this sport . " Yego briefly dabbled with the track , but at a stocky 85 kg his physique is more suited to an event like the javelin and its incredible technical demands . It helped that an elder brother was also a javelin thrower at their elementary school , and he was also inspired by watching the 2004 Athens Games on the television . "  It just took me , I wanted to be like Andreas Thorkildsen , " he said . Little could he have realized that eight years later , Yego would be competing against his hero in an Olympic final . With no specialist javelin coaches in Kenya , the then teenager turned to technology to see what Thorkildsen and other great champions such as Czech Jan Zelezny were doing . "  I watched YouTube and it really paid off for me , to see the training techniques and skills they are using , " he said . Yego first made his mark with third place at the 2010 African championships in Kenya 's capital of Nairobi , but disappointment followed at the Commonwealth Games in New Delhi later that year as he was well below his best in finishing seventh . His big breakthrough came in 2011 at the All-Africa Games , but he nearly did not make it to the championships in Mozambique , which were to prove pivotal to his career and eventual qualification for the 2012 Olympics . Yego was initially told he would be going with the Kenyan team to the event , but three days later came the shattering news that he would not be making the trip . "  I rang one of the officials in our federation and I asked what was happening , " he recalls . "  He told me we do n't have enough cash to accommodate all of you , so I told him you can remove one of the runners so you can give me a chance ! " Yego 's confrontation with officialdom clearly struck a chord , and three days later he was reinstated on the team . He repaid their faith with a national record of 78.20 m to become the first Kenyan to win javelin gold at the All-Africa Games . It also led to an invite from the IAAF , the world governing body of track and field , to go on a six-month scholarship to its center in Kuortane , Finland , the traditional home of javelin . Returning in the spring of 2012 , Yego achieved the qualifying mark for the London Olympics and threw further than 80m for the first time later in the summer . Now he could not be ignored by the Kenyan selectors and his dream was about to become reality , admittedly as the only field event athlete in a 44-strong team . "  My Olympic experience is something I will never forget . I 'm an Olympian now , not everyone can be Olympian , " he said . Like many top Kenyan athletes , Yego has a job with the national police force , but is allowed ample time to train between four to five hours per day , working on specialist exercises in the gym , jumps over hurdles and a throwing routine . "  Javelin requires a combination of speed , skill and power , and if you do n't combine all of them , you can not get it right , " he said . "  I was born with the talent , but the skills I have had to work on . " Thorkildsen remains his reference point . "  Andreas is a unique guy , he 's very skilful , " Yego said . "  He does some gymnastics  in training  you can not do . "  When I watch his squats he 's doing almost 200 kg and I was doing 90 , so you can see it 's a very big range , but now I 'm doing 150 . "  When I read his biography , he started training when he was just 11 , so you can see he 's far ahead of everybody . " Still battling the lack of specialist facilities , Yego goes it alone , spending hours every day training at the Kasarani stadium in Nairobi . "  What I love about the javelin , when you throw and you hit it right , when it 's flying in the sky , you feel so nice . "	Julius Yego is first Kenyan to qualify for a field event at the Olympics Yego reached javelin final at 2012 London Games and finished 12th The 23-year-old is targeting a medal at the 2013 world championships He refined his technique by watching videos on YouTube
CNN Student News  -- June 1 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Germany • Joplin , Missouri Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : The start of a new month , the start of a new day of CNN Student News ! Hi , I 'm Carl Azuz , and I 'm delivering your 10 minutes of commercial-free headlines . First Up : Home Prices Drop AZUZ : First up , we 're talking about a new low for the price of homes in the United States . During the first quarter -- the first three months -- of 2011 , home prices dropped more than 5 percent from where they were last year . Now , that 's according to a new report that came out yesterday . And the comparison gets even worse when you go back a little farther . The housing market hit its highest point five years ago in 2006 . Compared to that -- that highest point -- prices of homes have dropped almost 33 percent . Home prices are down ; so what ? It might not be something that you think about every day , but some of your parents are paying close attention . Home prices affect a lot of other industries -- like banks , like construction -- so that 's one of the big indicators that experts use to figure out how the U.S. economy is doing . And prices have gone through kind of a double-dip . They went down after that peak in 2006 . Then they went back up a little bit around 2009 . Some government programs designed to encourage people to buy houses helped with that increase . But now , they 're dropping again . And one expert says it does n't look like that 's going to change any time soon . E. coli Outbreak AZUZ : Officials in Germany are warning people there not to eat raw cucumbers , leaf lettuce , or tomatoes . The reason : an outbreak of E. coli . That 's a bacteria that can be transmitted through contaminated food or water , especially raw vegetables . Reports have connected at least 16 deaths to the outbreak . Hundreds of other people have gotten sick . German authorities are trying to contain the outbreak . In the meantime , scientists are trying to figure out where it started . They do n't have that answer yet . They think it could be traced back to produce from Spain . Germany buys more Spanish fruits and vegetables than any other country . And the concerns about those foods could cost Spain 's food industry millions of dollars . Shoutout STAN CASE , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for the Shoutout ! What 's the term for when energy travels in particles or waves ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Is it : A  Diffusion , B  Sublimation , C  Radiation or D  Circumnavigation ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! When energy is transmitted in particles or waves , it 's called radiation . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Cell Phones & Cancer AZUZ : The World Health Organization says that radiation from cell phones could possibly cause cancer . That announcement came after a group of scientists analyzed studies that have been done on cell phone safety . What this means is that the scientists found some evidence of an increase in certain types of cancer for cell phone users . They were n't able to make any conclusions about other types of cancers . One expert says it 's hard because it can take several decades of exposure to see if there are any consequences . The wireless industry said the announcement does not mean cell phones cause cancer . It pointed out that the scientists did n't do new research , but just reviewed studies that already existed . This announcement probably will lead to more research on the issue . Tornado Recovery AZUZ : Recovery efforts are getting started in Joplin , Missouri , and help is coming from some unexpected places . For example , a group of homeless volunteers from Kentucky . They collected donations for the tornado victims and then drove to Joplin to distribute them . Another unique source of help : an elephant from a circus that was supposed to perform in the area . The show , of course , could n't happen . But the animal was able to use its strength to help workers clear heavy debris from some areas . Many residents of Joplin are still coming to grips with the devastation that hit their hometown . Morgan Schutters of affiliate KODE reports on the tornado 's impact on the Joplin High School community . BEGIN VIDEO MORGAN SCHUTTERS , KODE REPORTER : Katie Wood graduated from Joplin High School just an hour before the tornado hit . KATIE WOOD , JOPLIN HIGH SCHOOL ALUMNI : Even looking at it , it 's still really hard to believe it . SCHUTTERS : Now , she 's singing the national anthem at a memorial service for her classmates and the community . WOOD : It 's so hard singing it right in front of my school that just blew away . SCHUTTERS : But Joplin High School sophomore Chanci McGowen still has the rest of her high school career ahead of her , as she looks at what is left in shambles . CHANCI MCGOWEN , JOPLIN HIGH SCHOOL SOPHOMORE : It 's indescribable . It 's horrible , just devastating to see all the destruction of my school , my home . SCHUTTERS : McGowen is one of many students who lost both . MCGOWEN : It was heartbreaking . My whole neighborhood is gone , but everyone 's OK . SCHUTTERS : It was a somber afternoon as they gathered outside the school . A moment of silence honoring military and tornado victims . Eight people in the Joplin R-8 School District are confirmed dead : seven students and one staff member . WOOD : Wondering who is still alive and who 's not . SCHUTTERS : Superintendent Dr. CJ Huff said last Friday , when he got word , his world stopped . Sorrow for the lost and relief for the living . CJ HUFF , SUPERINTENDENT , JOPLIN R-8 SCHOOL DISTRICT : As a result of your diligence and unwavering fortitude in the face of insurmountable challenges , 100 percent of our family are accounted for . SCHUTTERS : Summer classes will begin as scheduled in less than three weeks , on June 13th . END VIDEO I.D. Me MICHELLE WRIGHT , CNN STUDENT NEWS : See if you can I.D. Me ! I 'm a famous landmark visited by millions every year . I 'm located in Arizona . I was formed by the Colorado River . I 'm the Grand Canyon , a huge rock formation that 's a mile deep . All Work , No Play AZUZ : The Grand Canyon 's a major vacation destination . The nearly 5 million people who go there every year prove that . But would the Canyon get even more visitors if American workers took as much vacation as employees in other countries ? That 's what we 're talking about . When it comes to time off , the U.S. is not number one . Karin Caifa looks at some of the reasons why . BEGIN VIDEO KARIN CAIFA , CNN CORRESPONDENT , WASHINGTON , D.C. : Days at the beach , trips you 'll remember for a lifetime . That 's what summer is all about , right ? Not for most American workers , who lag behind international counterparts in the vacation time given and the time taken . According to a survey by Expedia , workers in Great Britain got an average of 28 days ' vacation last year . In France : 37 . Here in the U.S. : 18 . And they only used 14 . So , what 's holding Americans back ? With the economy still recovering , some workers are just happy to have a job to go to every day . And with staffing pared to bare bones during the recession , they 'd rather be at their desks than on a guilt trip . JEFF GARDERE , CLINICAL PSYCHOLOGIST : We feel that we 're letting our colleagues down . We 're afraid of the work that 's waiting for us when we get back from vacation . And that guilt will make us not take the days off that we really need . CAIFA : There are also the lingering financial concerns . A recent survey from CareerBuilder found one in four workers simply ca n't afford a getaway this year . Twelve percent say they can afford it but wo n't go . And only one in three said they felt more comfortable taking a vacation this summer than they did last year . END VIDEO Driving Knowledge AZUZ : Sticking with the idea of hitting the road , it turns out about 37 million American drivers should n't ! According to a new survey , one out of every five people in the United States would fail a driving test if they had to take one today . And what 's even more strange : that 's an improvement ! Last year , 38 million people -- one million more -- would have failed . This survey asked drivers from all 50 states 20 questions about basic driving knowledge . What do you do when you 're approaching a yellow light ? What 's a safe following distance ? Things like that . The concern is that not knowing the rules leads to dangerous driving habits . Daily E-mail AZUZ : Teachers , we know a lot of you get our daily e-mail . As you get ready to head off for the summer , you do n't need to unsubscribe . The email is not gon na come out every day . We 'll only send you something when we have something to say , like when one of our special summer shows goes up at CNNStudentNews.com . So stay subscribed ; we will not spam you , we promise ! Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , we 're checking out a barnyard brawl . Boom ! Only problem is , this is n't the barnyard . It 's somebody 's back yard ! A flock of sheep showed up in a California neighborhood , and they did n't want to go anywhere . Police surrounded the feisty flock and eventually had to call in animal control . It 's not like you could ask the sheep to leave nicely . I mean , you might try , but you know they would n't go for it . Goodbye AZUZ : Those guys just look like they have baaaaad attitudes . Or maybe they were hoping not to get noticed so they could pull the wool over everyone 's eyes . That would have been shear genius . It 's always fun to see sheep on the lamb . But now that the whole thing 's over , I bet they felt sheepish about causing such a problem . They are known to have bleat-ing hearts . You can tell the year 's winding up , because we 're getting awfully punchy . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	Consider the significance of a drop in U.S. home prices Find out what a health organization says about cell phones Discover some reasons why Americans take fewer vacations Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
Pope Francis made his strongest condemnation yet of sexual abuse by Catholic clergy on Friday , asking for forgiveness and pledging to impose penalties on "  men of the church " who harm children . "  I feel compelled to personally take on all the evil which some priests -- quite a few in number , obviously not compared to the number of all the priests -- to personally ask for forgiveness for the damage they have done for having sexually abused children , " the Pope said in remarks quoted by Vatican Radio . "  The church is aware of this damage , it is personal , moral damage carried out by men of the church , and we will not take one step backward with regards to how we will deal with this problem , and the sanctions that must be imposed , " Francis continued . "  On the contrary , we have to be even stronger . Because you can not interfere with children . " The U.S.-based Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests said it may be the first time a pope has spoken of sanctioning "  complicit bishops . " "  But that is all it is : talk , " said Barbara Dorris , SNAP 's outreach director . "  We beg the world 's Catholics : Be impressed by deeds , not words . Until the Pope takes decisive action that protects kids , be skeptical and vigilant . " The Pope 's new comments , made Friday to members of a Catholic nongovernmental organization , the International Catholic Child Bureau , represent a shift from his previous statements on sexual abuse . In an interview with Italian newspaper Corriere della Serra in March , Francis struck a defensive tone , saying , "  The Catholic Church is perhaps the only public institution that has moved with transparency and responsibility . No one has done more . And yet the church is the only one that has been attacked . " Advocates for victims of sexual abuse had slammed those remarks , calling them another example of the church prioritizing its reputation over the protection of children . ` Highest priority ' Early this year , a United Nations panel slammed the Vatican 's handling of child sexual abuse within the Catholic Church and accused the church of protecting itself rather than the victims . The Vatican said in February that it would study the report , which claimed clerics were involved in the sexual abuse of "  tens of thousands " of children . And in late March , Francis appointed an eight-member committee -- a mix of clergy and laypeople , including a sexual abuse survivor -- to advise the church on how to protect children , punish abusers and train church staff . "  Pope Francis has made it clear that the church must uphold the protection of minors amongst her highest priorities , " Vatican spokesman the Rev. Federico Lombardi said in a statement announcing the committee members . However , the Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests dismissed the new panel , saying it was "  based on a deceptive premise " and perpetuated the "  self-serving myth that Catholic officials need more information about abuse and coverups . " Rocked by scandal Pope Francis took over the helm of the Catholic Church just over a year ago from Benedict XVI , whose papacy was marked by the emergence of repeated allegations of sexual abuse by priests . Benedict said many times that abusers should be prosecuted , but victims ' groups again said he did too little . Benedict spoke with some victims of sexual abuse by priests on papal visits to countries including the United States and the United Kingdom , where he expressed his "  deep sorrow " about the scandal . The Vatican selected those he met . In April 2013 , a month after taking office , Francis recommended that the church 's doctrinal office "  act decisively with regard to cases of sexual abuse , " the Vatican said at the time . This would be "  by promoting measures for the protection of minors , as well as in offering assistance to those who have suffered abuse , carrying out due proceedings against the guilty , " it said . Kick out those who sexually abuse children , U.N. panel tells Vatican	Pope Francis says he feels compelled to "  personally ask for forgiveness " for priest abuse "  We will not take one step backward with regards to how we will deal with this problem " Pope says the Catholic Church must act strongly because "  you can not interfere with children " Advocates for victims of sexual abuse say the church has not done enough to protect children
CNN  -- A NATO delegation arrived Tuesday in southeastern Turkey to survey the Turkish-Syrian border for the possible deployment of Patriot anti-aircraft missile batteries , the semi-official Anadolu news agency reported . Turkey has turned against its former ally , asking fellow NATO members last week for the missiles to bolster its air defenses because of several Turkish deaths blamed on Syrian forces . A delegation of Turkish and NATO officials was scheduled to do a site survey to determine where to deploy the batteries , the Turkish military said . "  The deployment of the Air and Missile Defense System is a precaution for defensive purposes for possible air and missile threats from Syria , and is not for the establishment of a ` no-fly ' zone or for offensive maneuvers , " according to a Turkish military statement . Strike from Syrian plane reported near border with Turkey "  The area of deployment for the Air and Missile Defense System , the quantity of the system , the number of foreign personnel that will come into our country and the time of the deployment will be determined after the site survey . " The fact that Syrian warplanes and helicopters have bombed targets within a few hundred meters of Turkey at least three times in the past month raises the question of whether the NATO military alliance could be sucked into the grinding Syrian civil war . Tensions exploded between Syria and Turkey last summer , when Syrian anti-aircraft fire brought down a Turkish military reconnaissance jet , killing its two crew members . Turkey announced it was changing its rules of engagement with Syria . In October , the Turkish government won authorization in parliament for possible cross-border military incursions into Syria after Syrian mortar fire killed five civilians in the Turkish border town of Akcakale . Turkish and Syrian military forces have also engaged in cross-border artillery duels since the Akcakale incident . The Syrian government has lambasted Turkey , saying it "  supports the armed terrorist groups in cooperation with some Gulf countries to threaten Syria 's stability and security . " Meanwhile , a Russian diplomat reportedly expressed concern over the possibility of deploying the missile system . Russia is a long-standing ally of Syria . "  We do n't like this idea because we see hidden threats in it , " said Russian First Deputy Foreign Minister Andrei Denisov , according to the state-run Itar-Tass news agency . "  All the answers we have been receiving are reduced to soothing statements , " he said . "  But as far as military political problems are concerned , we want clear and exhaustive explanations : where  a threat comes from  , for what purposes , for what term and why . " Summing up , Denisov reportedly said : "  We believe that the decision  to deploy missiles  is creating more problems than it might solve . " Opposition says shelling kills 10 children in Syria Syrian opposition : Barrel bombs rain from the sky Back on the ground in Syria , "  fierce aerial shelling " bombarded areas in the northwestern part of the country Tuesday , dissidents said . Government forces dropped more than 10 barrel bombs on the Aleppo province city of Deir Hafer , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . Over the past several months , dissidents have reported aircraft dropping barrels full of explosives , nails and fuel onto civilian areas . At least 131 people were killed across Syria on Tuesday , including 48 in Damascus and its suburbs , the LCC said . Nationwide , the group said five women and 12 children were among the dead . Syrian state-run TV reported the destruction of a "  terrorist training camp " in Kafr Takharim , Idlib . In a separate incident in the province , it said government forces "  clashed with al Qaeda terrorists after they attempted to attack a regime checkpoint in the vicinity of Maaret Al-Nouman , killing a large number of these terrorists . " The government also said it destroyed a hideout used by the al Qaeda-linked al-Nusra Front , which has claimed responsibility for suicide attacks in Syria . Rights group : Evidence shows cluster bombs killed children An attack that killed at least 10 children at a playground this week was the result of a cluster bomb strike , Human Rights Watch said Tuesday , citing witnesses and video footage . The group called for "  all governments " to condemn Syria 's use of cluster bombs , which are particularly vicious because they explode in the air and send dozens or hundreds of smaller bombs over an area the size of a football field , according to Human Rights Watch . More than 70 countries have signed a treaty banning the use of cluster bombs , but Syria is not among them . In October , the Syrian government said it had not used cluster bombs during the current conflict . "  It 's going to new lows that these banned weapons are being used and civilians and children are being killed , " said Kimberly Brown , a conflict adviser with Save the Children . The organization is working with refugees in countries around Syria , including Iraq , Jordan and Lebanon . How did the Syrian crisis begin ? What started as security forces cracking down on mostly nonviolent protesters has spiraled into a civil war between pro-government forces and the rebels , including the Free Syrian Army . About 40,000 civilians have been killed since the first protests 20 months ago against President Bashar al-Assad 's government , according to the opposition Center for Documentation of Violations in Syria . And more than 380,000 Syrian refugees have fled to neighboring countries , creating humanitarian challenges abroad . The Syrian government routinely refers to its battle against "  terrorists , " the term it uses for rebel fighters and extremist elements in the country . CNN can not confirm claims by the government or the opposition because of government restrictions that prevent journalists from reporting freely within Syria . CNN 's Ivan Watson , Arwa Damon , Holly Yan , Saad Abedine , Christine Theodorou , Hamdi Alkhshali and Gul Tuysuz contributed to this report .	NEW : Russian official blasts idea , saying it 's "  creating more problems than it might solve " At least 131 people are killed across Syria on Tuesday , an opposition group says Turkey says a missile system would be used only defensively against Syrian threats The Syrian government says it killed a large number of al Qaeda terrorists
WIRED  -- Windows Phone 7 , Microsoft 's complete do-over of its mobile operating system , is off to a promising start with the Samsung Focus . Despite a few imperfections with usability and web browsing , the big M has polished a gem with this OS , and it truly shines through this iPhone lookalike 's beautiful display . The Focus feels slick and smooth the first time you pick it up . It 's a teensy bit longer , wider and thicker than the iPhone 4  4.84 x 2.56 x 0.39 inches compared with the iPhone 4 's 4.5 x 2.31 x 0.37 inches  . And the Focus is lighter at 4.07 ounces , versus the iPhone 4 's 4.8 ounces . Holding it in your hand , you can tell the Samsung phone 's plastic parts are a bit cheaper than Apple 's luxury glass-and-metal components . That 's not to say the Focus is n't a sweet device , though : The vivid Super AMOLED display makes Windows Phone 7 's colorful tile-based interface a visual treat . Selecting a tile brings you into a "  hub " containing integrated experiences for different features . For example , the Marketplace hub displays the four different software stores where you can purchase media : third-party apps , games , music and Samsung Zone , a separate app store serving software made by Samsung . WIRED : General download of Windows Phone 7 interface You can move tiles around on the home screen to suit your preferences just by holding your finger over them and dragging . The tile interface is plenty intuitive , so you probably wo n't need an instruction manual when you 're setting up the phone . The People tile is pretty fun : It blends your contacts list with your Facebook account . When you dial a friend 's number , his or her Facebook mug appears next to the call . Selecting a contact brings up the person 's phone number , e-mail address and Facebook profile all in one screen . Pretty neat . The Mail hub is especially impressive . You select your service  Hotmail , Google Mail , Yahoo! and others  , enter your login info and boom -- the inbox is a tile on your home screen . The e-mail app in general looks great : Facebook integration comes into play here , too , so when you load an e-mail it 's accompanied with the sender 's Facebook portrait as well . To me , this visual experience makes e-mail far less boring . For transferring music , photos and video you can sync media from your computer to the Focus with a USB cable . I tested syncing on a Mac . The official syncing program for Mac users is n't available yet , but I had a chance to try the beta version , and it was surprisingly smooth at syncing music from my iTunes library and photos and video from iPhoto . Do n't get your hopes up , though : This is a feature that Apple is most likely going to break with future iTunes updates , just like it did with the Palm Pre 's iTunes sync feature . As for snapping photos , there 's a dedicated shutter button on the right side of the phone to load the camera app and to take a picture . In the Photo hub , you can also enable pictures to automatically sync to a free SkyDrive folder stored online in your Hotmail account , sparing you the need to manually upload them . Overall , this entire camera experience is a lot snappier than photo features on the iPhone and Android devices . However , the pictures shot with the Focus 's 5-megapixel camera are only passable , and are a little blurry even in good lighting conditions . With all that said , there were a few minor gripes that drove me a bit crazy . To wake up the phone , you have to press the physical power button on the right side . It feels unnatural to have to grip the phone and push a button on the side whenever you want to quickly check an e-mail or send a text message . I wish you could power on the device just by pressing the main menu button , which is centered under the screen -- similar to how you can press the iPhone 's Home button to turn it on . And then there 's the mobile version of Internet Explorer . It 's not as bad as Microsoft 's desktop browser , but it 's not much better . The mobile browser does n't seem to load text properly on some websites , such as Reddit and Digg . Small text does n't render smoothly , which is evident even when loading Wired.com . Also , photos on some websites appear over-sharpened , making rough pixels become visible . Long story short , two thumbs down for Internet Explorer . Oh , yeah -- and just like the iPhone , there 's no support for Adobe Flash on Windows Phone 7  yet  , so Hulu junkies wo n't be thrilled . The phone seemed more reliable at holding a call than the iPhone 4 , but it was n't any better at pulling in a signal in areas where AT&T 's coverage is weak  like San Francisco 's Mission District  . My testing was hardly scientific , though . Texting is surprisingly fast on the Focus . Hitting Send shoots out a text almost instantly . There 's no progress bar or anything . Why ca n't the iPhone do that ? Overall , the Samsung Focus is a solid all-around device , and the pros heavily outweigh the cons . Most of the listed problems will probably be fixed in software updates . And with Windows Phone 7 , Microsoft has largely redeemed itself after putting that bloated carcass known as Windows Mobile to rest . Rest in peace -- and good riddance -- WinMo . WIRED Gorgeous tile-based UI laced with large , smooth text does n't rip off the iPhone 's app interface . Provides a rich dose of social savvy thanks to tight Facebook integration . Physical camera shutter button is a nice shortcut for shooting quick photos . TIRED Internet Explorer lives up to its super-lame reputation . Camera shots too blurry to be taken seriously . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2010 Wired.com .	Microsoft off to a promising start with the Samsung Focus Despite a few imperfections with usability and web browsing , the OS is a polished gem Windows Phone 7 's colorful tile-based interface is a visual treat Mobile Internet Explorer is n't as bad as desktop browser , but not much better
CNN  -- Walmart will join the Department of Homeland Security in a program called "  If You See Something , Say Something " which encourages the American public to take an active role in ensuring the safety and security of the nation , DHS said Monday . "  Homeland security starts with hometown security , and each of us plays a critical role in keeping our country and communities safe , " Secretary Janet Napolitano said as she thanked Walmart and the more than 320 stores who joined the national campaign Monday . Participating stores , eventually including 588 from 27 states , will play a short video message at select checkout locations to remind shoppers to contact local law enforcement to report suspicious activity , said a DHS statement . "  This partnership will help millions of shoppers across the nation identify and report indicators of terrorism , crime and other threats to law enforcement authorities , " Napolitano said . The "  If You See Something , Say Something " campaign was originally implemented by New York City 's Metropolitan Transportation Authority as a simple and effective program that engages the public and key front-line employees to report indicators of terrorism , crime and other threats to authorities , according to the DHS statement . The program has already partnered with the Mall of America , the American Hotel & Lodging Association , Amtrak , the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority , sports and general aviation industries , and other organizations across the country , DHS said .	DHS expands "  If You See Something , Say Something " campaign "  Homeland security starts with hometown security , " said DHS chief Janet Napolitano 320 Walmarts stores joined Monday , DHS said statement Program started by New York City 's Metropolitan Transportation Authority
It 's given us robot cars and internet-enabled glasses -- but when it came to creating a "  Street View " of a desert , Google hit on a low-tech solution . It hired a camel . The beast has become the first animal to carry Google 's Trekker camera , which is typically hoisted by humans to capture 360-degree images of destinations inaccessible to its Street View cars . Google spokeswoman Monica Baz says the camel , reportedly named Raffia , was an apt way of documenting the beautiful shifting sands of Abu Dhabi 's Liwa Oasis . "  With every environment and every location , we try to customize the capture and how we do it for that part of the environment , " she told The National newspaper . "  In the case of Liwa we fashioned it in a way so that it goes on a camel so that it can capture imagery in the best , most authentic and least damaging way , " Baz said . The Liwa Oasis is a 100 kilometer-wide  62-mile  scenic desert , southeast of the city of Abu Dhabi that includes some of the world 's biggest sand dunes . Bizarre sights Street View Treks have previously explored sites including the Grand Canyon , Mount Everest , the Eiffel Tower , the Egyptian pyramids and the complexes of temples around Angkor Wat in Cambodia . There 's even an subaquatic Trek of waters around the Galapagos islands . Of course , while the camel can only be seen in shadow on the images it captured , Google 's Street View cars have witnessed plenty of other bizarre sights . Earlier this year one clocked what appeared to be the scene of an ax murder on the streets of Edinburgh . It later turned out to be a prank staged by auto mechanics who 'd spotted the car on its approach . Another hoax involved a woman pretending to give birth on a roadside . The service , which began in 2007 , has also hosted more startling sights such as a naked guy climbing out the trunk of a car and a man with the head of a horse .	Abu Dhabi 's Liwa Oasis is captured using a Google Trekker camera attached to a camel Google spokeswoman says the beast was most appropriate way to explore the area Google 's Treks have previously explored the Grand Canyon , the Egyptian pyramids and the Galapagos islands
EW.com  -- Ready to feel old ? Just in time for the 20th anniversary  !!  of "  Boy Meets World " premiering on ABC , all seven seasons of the show are coming to DVD as a boxed set for the first time . This means that for those who have n't yet discovered the wonders of YouTube all your favorite footage -- from Adam Scott guest appearances to The Feeny Call -- is all in one place . A behind-the-scenes feature "  Back To the Beginning " will also be included and features the cast talking about their characters ; it 's not clear if this was taped recently or put together from archival footage . EW : Will Friedle talks ` Transformers : Prime ' and ` Girl Meets World ' If that 's not enough to quench your '90s nostalgia , the entire run of "  Saved By the Bell " is also coming to DVD . Relive your favorite Bayside High moments -- and decide when exactly Screech was at his creepiest -- when that program makes its boxed set debut . Special features include a documentary about the creation as well as featurette about how the show changed what was shown on Saturday mornings . EW : ` Girl Meets World ' gets the greenlight from Disney Both DVD sets will be released Nov. 5 . '90s poll : If you could only watch one of these shows on repeat forever , which one would it be ? See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	It 's been 20 years since "  Boy Meets World " premiered on ABC That show and "  Saved By The Bell " will get box sets The DVDs will be released on Nov. 5
Oprah.com  -- You can become a part of the fight against global warming . Former Vice President Al Gore shares the five things you can buy now that will help solve the climate crisis -- and save you a few bucks ! Plus , more of his easy going green tips ! Former Vice President Al Gore speaks onstage during Live Earth New York at Giants Stadium on July 7 . Five things you can buy 1 . Compact fluorescent lightbulbs These energy-efficient bulbs cost less than $ 4 and are produced by major corporations like GE . If every household in America switched five regular light bulbs for five fluorescent bulbs , it would be the equivalent of taking 1 million cars off the highways for a full year . 2 . Outdoor solar lighting These yard or patio lights cost less than $ 20 , and they do n't burn any electricity or produce any CO2 . 3 . Programmable thermostats Though these thermostats cost from $ 50 to $ 100 , they can actually cut your heating and cooling costs . Set the setting so it 's a little bit cooler in the winter and warmer in the summer when you 're not in the house . A difference of 2 degrees can reduce a home 's CO2 emissions by up to 9 percent over the course of a year . 4 . Air filters Changing the air filters in your heating and cooling systems regularly can knock 2 percent off of your CO2 output each year . 5 . Electric water heater blanket Water heaters use a lot of energy and generate a lot of CO2 . A blanket costs less than $ 18 and can cut your home 's CO2 emissions by almost 4 1/2 percent . Keep green in mind ! Gore says that when you 're shopping for major home appliances , look for the Energy Star label . "  This is a signal that you 're getting an environmentally efficient appliance that 's going to save you money at the same time , " he says . During a simple trip to the grocery store , you make hundreds of decisions that can have real environmental impacts . With just a few easy changes , you can make a positive difference in the world . Instead of regular aluminum foil or plastic wrap , buy recycled aluminum foil . It uses just 1/20th of the energy needed to produce regular foil . Look for items without extensive packaging . Most food packaging material uses some petroleum-based plastic . There are several ways to cut down on the energy and waste this produces . Look for minimally or unpackaged items instead . Experiment with bringing your own packaging or buying in bulk . Purchase brands that use bio-based instead of petroleum-based plastic . Recycle or reuse packaging materials you end up having to buy . Bring a cloth bag to the grocery store instead of using its plastic bags . An estimated 500 billion to 1 trillion plastic bags are consumed worldwide each year . That 's 1 million bags used per minute . And , according to the EPA , more than 380 billion of those are discarded in the United States . Less than 1 percent of those are actually recycled . Instead , these bags will clog landfills , create litter , choke streams and harm marine wildlife , like whales , seals and sea turtles . Buy local and organic . Buying seasonal , locally produced food helps in a number of ways . Most food travels 1,500 miles from "  farm to fork . " But buying local food drastically reduces the energy spent on food shipping . Local goods also tend to use minimal packaging , are fresher and come in more varieties . The best place to track down local food is at your local farmers ' markets or through the Community Supported Agriculture Department . Farmers who grow produce organically use less fossil fuel and release fewer greenhouse gasses into the atmosphere . Organic farming is better for the land , for the farmers and for the consumers . E-mail to a friend Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Former Vice President Al Gore says easy things can help climate Using compact fluorescent lightbulbs , programmable thermostats Buying local , organic produce reduces energy use Look for Energy Star label on new appliances
CNN  -- Few would argue that football is the planet 's true global game . From Baghdad to Buenos Aires it is watched , played , argued about , loved and hated with an intensity that no other sport can match . Its ubiquity also brings a tremendous amount of power . Dictators and politicians have long tried to harness its ability to inspire unity and national pride for more nefarious political purposes -- be it Argentina 's junta who used the 1978 World Cup to inspire the kind of loyalty that its regime had failed to do , to current Iran President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who feared and respected football 's power to spark change in equal measure . " -LSB- Football -RSB- has caused at least one war and many battles , often tragic , off the pitch , " wrote Melvyn Bragg , nominating the 1863 Rules of Association Football , the football 's first official code , in his "  Twelve Books That Changed the World . " But sometimes a single match has been at the center of huge social and political changes . Ahead of the start of the 2011 AFC Asian Cup , CNN gives you some of the games that changed the world . Secretary 's XI versus President 's XI  1864 When 22 men gathered in Battersea Park , London , in the winter of 1864 for a game of football , no-one could imagine the worldwide sporting revolution that would follow . This was the first game played according to the Rules of Association Football , written by the embryonic English Football Association and the first attempt to unite and codify football 's different , not to mention competing , strands . The forward pass had n't been introduced yet , there were no such thing as crossbars and the offside rule was still three years away from being introduced , but the British Victorian need for imprimatur and order meant that the simplified , slimmed-down rules -- just 13 laws -- were easily exported . Which the British did with a proselytizing zeal throughout its colonies and the rest of the world . One such football missionary was Charles William Miller , who in the mid-1890s took a copy of the rules and a football to Brazil , from where it caught on like wild fire . "  A Brazilian taxi driver told me that Charles Miller had invented football . In other words , he 's a legendary figure -LSB- in Brazil -RSB- , but no-one is quite sure what the legend actually is , " explained Josh Lacey , author of "  God is Brazilian , " a biography of Miller . "  In Sao Paulo , there is a square named after him . It 's the square outside the stadium where Corinthians play . " And the match itself ? The Secretary 's XI won 2-0 , with both goals scored by Charles William Alcock , who would himself go on to organize the very first international fixture , between England and Scotland , seven years later . West Germany versus Hungary  1954 Post-war Germany was a haunted , broken and divided place . Although it was devastated financially by the folly of Nazism and the split between east and west by the emergence of the Iron Curtain , Germans were in a soul-searching funk over their role in the Second World War . The singing of the national anthem was actively discouraged and the country 's new , unloved flag was rarely seen . And then came the "  Miracle of Bern " at the 1954 World Cup , held in Switzerland . Despite being trounced 8-3 in their first match against Hungary , West Germany made it to the final of the World Cup to face the same opposition . The team was made up solely of amateur footballers , while Hungary -- the best team in the world at the time -- boasted the likes of Ferenc Puskas . No-one gave them a chance , but they won 3-2 , sparking scenes of jubilation back in West Germany and the first positive , collective nationalistic outburst since the war . "  It was a kind of liberation for the Germans from all the things that weighed down upon them after the Second World War , " German historian Joachim Fest wrote . "  July 4 , 1954 is in certain aspects the founding day of the German Republic . " From there West Germany boomed economically , becoming the leading nation in Europe . As newspaper Der Spiegel pointed out before a united Germany hosted the 2006 World Cup : "  In one 90-minute match against Hungary , modern-day Germany was born . " Rangers versus Bucks  1966 Robben Island is infamous for its most revered prisoner : Nelson Mandela . But the jail , which held what the apartheid South African state viewed to be the most dangerous political prisoners , also gave birth to an unlikely football league . The Makana Football Association was set up by a group of prisoners desperate to break the monotony of prison life . Every week from 1964 onwards a prisoner would ask for permission to play football , and then be punished by the authorities as a result of his temerity . But by 1966 the prison warden relented and a football league was set up based on one of the only books in the prison library : the FIFA rule book . Scores , leagues , disciplinary records and even the results of disciplinary hearings from on-pitch indiscretions were kept , although no record exists of the score between the Rangers and Bucks in the first-ever match . As well as giving the inmates hope during desperate times , the Makana FA had a more important impact : honing the administrative skills of South Africa 's future leaders . Jacob Zuma , the current President , was a tough-tackling defender for the Bucks and a future Makana FA referee . "  It taught them administration ... Robben Island created the new generation of people that struggled for freedom , " explains Professor Chuck Korr , author of "  More Than Just a Game : Football vs. Apartheid . " "  And those men thought football was very important in maintaining their sanity and hope for the future . By definition , football is absolutely essential in the way the struggle for freedom is won . " The Makana FA , although long abandoned , was given honorary FIFA membership in 2007 . Dinamo Zagreb versus Red Star Belgrade  1990 Yugoslavia was already on the brink of imploding by the time Serbia 's Red Star Belgrade played Croatia 's Dinamo Zagreb at the latter 's Maksimir Stadium . Pro- independence parties had already won recent Croatian elections . But the events that unfolded on March 13 , 1990 are regarded by many as the opening salvo of the most vicious European war since the Nazis were defeated in 1945 . During the match , future AC Milan and Croatia captain Zvonimir Boban launched a kung-fu kick at a policeman who was attacking a Zagreb fan . Riots broke out between Zagreb 's "  Bad Blue Boys " ultra group , and Red Star 's "  Delije " -- led by the brutal war-lord Arkan . Arkan 's Tiger 's , the paramilitary group he ruled during the war , recruited heavily from the Delije . Arkan himself was indicted by the United Nations for war crimes , but was assassinated in 2000 before he stood trial . Later , Boban explained what was going through his head . "  Here I was , a public face prepared to risk his life , career and everything that fame could have brought , all because of one ideal cause : the Croatian cause . " For the rest of the soon-to-be-non-existent country , it was a symbolic moment . "  It was the most important match in Yugoslav history , " explains Dr. Neven Andjelic , author of "  Bosnia-Herzegovina : The End of a Legacy . " "  It has political implications and is a clear sign of the forthcoming violence and war that this unfinished match provided to the population . " The war went on to rage for five years , with the International Center for Transnational Justice estimating that 140,000 people were killed . Its effects are still evident today , not least outside the Maksimir Stadium , where a statue depicting a group of soldiers stands . On it is the inscription : "  To the fans of the club , who started the war with Serbia at this ground on May 13 , 1990 . " Iraq versus Saudi Arabia  2007 Younis Mahmoud ran the length of the pitch to celebrate with the handful of fans that had made the long journey to the vast , half-empty stand in Jakarta 's Bung Karno stadium . The captain of the Iraq national team -- a team of Kurds , Sunni and Shia Muslims -- had just scored the only , decisive goal in the 2007 Asian Cup final on July 29 against Saudi Arabia , but it meant much more than the first piece of major silverware for the "  Lions of Mesopotamia . " Back in Baghdad , tens of thousands of Iraqis poured into the streets , firing celebratory bullets into the air , with many clutching something that had not been seen in numbers since the fall of Saddam : the Iraqi flag . Football had achieved what no politician or general had managed to achieve : a semblance of national unity . According to the U.S. military , there were 1,700 sectarian attacks in Baghdad alone in June 2007 . That had almost halved after the final , to 960 by the end of August . But the victory came at a price . Minutes after Iraq had beaten South Korea in a penalty shoot out in the semifinal , a suicide bomber blew himself up in a crowd of cheering fans , killing 50 people . At the Asian Cup , the victorious team sat , stunned , in the dressing room and contemplated pulling out of the final . But then the players watched the carnage on television . "  One of the victims was a 12-year-old child , " recalled Mahmoud to the press afterwards . "  His mother , when his body was laid in front of her , she did n't weep , but she said : ' I present my son as a sacrifice for the Iraqi national team . ' We have to win . " They chose to continue , and the rest is history .	The 2011 Asian Cup kicked off in Qatar earlier this month , with 16 teams taking part The holders Iraq shocked the world by winning in 2007 and violence there fell afterwards CNN looks at five football matches that had political and social reverberations
CNN  -- A Virgin Islands jury has found a veteran Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives special agent not guilty of using excessive force when he intervened and fatally shot a man during a domestic argument in 2008 . ATF Special Agent William G. Clark was cleared of charges Thursday in a case that enraged many federal law enforcement officers who said Clark was heroically coming to the defense of a battered woman . "  ATF has been steadfast in its support of Special Agent Clark and wholeheartedly agrees with the jury 's verdict , " said Thomas Brandon , ATF deputy director , in a written statement . ATF officials said Clark was confronted by Marcus Sukow on September 7 , 2008 , and "  took immediate action to defend himself and others by discharging his firearm to stop the attack . " The incident occurred outside a St. Thomas condominium where all of the main participants were neighbors . While the broad outline of the shooting is undisputed , two government investigations came to starkly different conclusions . A federal government multiple-agency investigation of the incident unanimously concluded the shooting was justified . The ATF even returned Clark 's gun and badge and put him back to work . But a Virgin Islands Police Department investigation prompted prosecutors to charge Clark with second degree murder . Local prosecutors evidently were heavily influenced by two points : First , the dead man was armed only with a flashlight ; second , Clark shot him five times . According to a police affidavit , Clark was leaving his condo when he encountered Sukow and his girlfriend . They had been drinking and were having a "  disagreement . " Federal authorities were so incensed by the Virgin Island 's prosecution of Clark -- and so concerned other federal agents could similarly be prosecuted -- that they removed all ATF agents from the Virgin Islands in 2008 , a policy that continues today , the agency said . The U.S. Virgin Islands is an unincorporated territory of the United States . 2010 : Federal agents nationwide eye ATF agent murder trial CNN 's Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	The charge against Special Agent William G. Clark enraged many federal law officers He had intervened in a domestic argument in 2008 A federal investigation cleared him , but Virgin Islands police charged him with murder
CNN  -- Neanderthals likely died off about 30,000 years ago , but they may have come up with a tool-making technique that influenced later humans in Europe , a new study suggests . Scientists have uncovered evidence that Neanderthals were making specialized bone tools before modern humans arrived in Europe . "  It opens the possibility that in this case , maybe they " -- modern humans in Europe -- "  learned this tool type from Neanderthals , " said Shannon McPherron , co-author of the study and an archaeologist at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig , Germany . This is only one possible scenario , however . Another is that modern humans arrived earlier than scientists thought , and influenced Neanderthals ' tool-making . Or maybe the groups just came up with the same ideas independently . Archaeologists will need to keep digging for more evidence . The new research is published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences . The artifacts , approximately 50,000 years old , come from two locations in France . Modern humans are thought to have arrived in Europe some 40,000 years ago . One of the sites is a classic Neanderthal cave site called Pech-de-l'Aze . There , researchers found part of the tip of a bone tool , just a few centimeters long . Scientists believe it is part of a bone tool because of how rounded and polished the tip is . The other site is Abri Peyrony , located about 35 kilometers away in a shallow valley up against a low cliff base , McPherron said . At Abri Peyrony , excavators found two more fragments like the one at Pech-de-l'Aze , and a complete tool specimen . McPherron said both of these sites are known to be the stomping grounds of Neanderthals because other fossils and tools characteristic of their species have been found there , and artifacts and bones from modern humans have not been uncovered there . At Pech-de-l'Aze , the skull of a Neanderthal child was found . "  Here we have just Neanderthal deposits , and so we can rule out any contamination from later time period deposits , " McPherron said . Scientists already knew that Neanderthals could make bone tools , but previous specimens looked just like their stone tools . Archaeologists had established that Neanderthals would take bones and remove flakes to make scrapers , notch tools and hand axes , McPherron said . These tools did n't make use of the inherently distinct properties of bone . "  This paper adds further evidence that during their final 20,000 years , the Neanderthals displayed aspects of behavioral complexity that we normally associate with modern humans , " said Chris Stringer at the Natural History Museum in London , who was not involved in the study , in an e-mail . The four newly discovered tool fragments appear very similar to a leather smoother called a lissoir , meaning "  to make smooth . " Neanderthals appear to have made them from the ribs of an animal the size of a red deer . Feeling like a Neanderthal ? Here 's why A lissoir compacts a hide , makes the leather more water resistant and easier to work with , and gives it a shine , McPherron said . This type of tool is commonly found at some of the oldest modern human sites in Western Europe . High-end leather workers today still use such tools . To emphasize this point , McPherron and colleagues bought one on the Internet . Researchers compared the wear and tear on one of their specimens to damage to a tool that the researchers produced themselves , used against a hide . They found similarities -- but they have n't proven that the Neanderthal tools were for leather crafting . "  A whole study has to be done to actually demonstrate that that 's what they were used for , " he said . The lissoir is a tool made of bone that can not be made of stone , McPherron said . It "  takes advantage of the flexibility and pliability and supple aspects of bone . " These are the oldest specialized bone tools -- meaning they were made in a way that focuses on the properties of bone -- in Europe , McPherron said . They are not the oldest in the world . In Africa , modern humans were making similarly complicated bone tools around the same time . In Turkey , sophisticated bone tools have been found as well , from about the same time . So , did Neanderthals learn these tool-making technologies from humans who came from elsewhere ? If that 's the case , that means modern humans were in Europe earlier than previously believed , McPherron said . He and his colleagues suspect that these tools predate the arrival of humans , which would suggest that Neanderthals invented them independently . But he suspects there will be debate about whether the 50,000-year-old tools are old enough to be certain that there were n't already modern humans in Europe . There are still a lot of open questions : How widespread are these tools ? How did Neanderthals make them , and how did modern humans make them ? What kind of animals were used ? Ron Pinhasi , researcher at the University College Dublin , called this research "  an important and interesting study " in an e-mail . But he noted that this does not suggest that Neanderthals had the same cognitive capacities as modern humans . Cave art and art objects are one of the hallmarks of modern humans during this time period , called the Upper Palaeolithic . There have not been any clear-cut discoveries of Neanderthals making bone ornaments or other such objects , Pinhasi said . "  In my opinion , it is the capacity to produce objects whose function is non-utilitarian  and most likely symbolic  which marks a major leap in human evolution and this leap is not yet evidenced in the case of Neanderthals and other premodern humans , " Pinhasi said . So , Neanderthals may not have been carving bone for art 's sake , but they may have independently invented something useful enough to be sold online today .	Archaeologists uncover 50,000-year-old specialized bone tools The tools are discovered at Neanderthal sites Modern humans are thought to have arrived in Europe at least 40,000 years ago
CNN  -- French soccer star Nicolas Anelka has been given a five-match ban and fined # 80,000  $ 130,000  by the English Football Association  FA  for making a "  quenelle " gesture in a game last year . The West Bromwich Albion striker was charged by the FA on January 21 after making the gesture in an English Premier League match against West Ham United on December 28 . The "  quenelle " which involves pointing a straightened arm downwards while touching the shoulder of that arm with the other hand , is believed by some to be a Nazi salute in reverse and has been linked with anti-Semitism in Anelka 's homeland . An Independent Regulatory Commission was asked to consider if the gesture was "  abusive and/or indecent and/or insulting and/or improper , " and "  included a reference to ethnic origin and/or race and/or religion or belief . " Both charges were proved , said the commission , but it added it did not believe Anelka to be a racist . "  We did not find that Nicolas Anelka is an anti-Semite or that he intended to express or promote anti-Semitism by his use of the quenelle , " the Regulatory Commission said in a statement . In addition to the ban and fine , Anelka has been ordered to undertake a "  compulsory education course , " the FA said . The 34-year-old , who denied the charges and asked for a personal hearing , commented on Twitter after the match that the gesture was "  a dedication " to the French comedian Dieudonne M'Bala M'Bala before adding : "  I am neither racist nor anti-Semitic . " Known as Dieudonne , he has popularized the "  quenelle " gesture in France and faces investigation by the Paris prosecutor 's office for his controversial stand-up routine . During a performance , he said of a prominent Jewish journalist : "  Me , you see , when I hear Patrick Cohen speak , I think to myself : ` Gas chambers ... too bad  they no longer exist  . " Anelka has seven days to appeal the decision . The Independent Regulatory Commission stated it will reveal how it arrived at its decision "  in due course . " Read more : Anti-Semitism row shines light on fractured French society Read more : West Brom lose sponsors over Anelka row	EPL player handed five-game ban and fined for gesture by English FA Anelka denied charges that gesture he made was "  abusive , indecent or insulting " FA Regulatory Commission "  did not find Nicolas Anelka is an anti-Semite " "  Quenelle " popularized by controversial French comedian Dieudonne M'Bala M'Bala
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. State Department on Thursday extended a travel warning that had been issued for Mexico because of the region 's high level of drug and gang violence . The State Department warning also notes that the authorized departure of family members of U.S. government personnel from U.S. consulates in the northern Mexico border cities of Tijuana , Nogales , Ciudad Juarez , Nuevo Laredo , Monterrey and Matamoros has been extended . The State Department issued similar warnings in March and April . The Mexican government said in April that more than 22,700 people have been killed in drug-related violence since December 2006 , when President Felipe Calderon declared war on narcotraffickers . "  While most victims of violence are Mexican citizens associated with criminal activity , the security situation poses serious risks for U.S. citizens , as well , " the State Department warning says . Much of the recent violence has occurred in northern Mexico , where two drug cartels have been waging a bloody war since January . The area , which borders Texas , has seen ferocious fighting between the Zetas and Gulf cartels after a recent gangland slaying . Hours-long gun battles are common , and U.S. officials were forced earlier this year to temporarily close the consulate in Reynosa , a city in Tamaulipas state . Ciudad Juarez remains the most violent city in the nation , though . "  Since 2006 , three times as many people have been murdered in Ciudad Juarez , in the state of Chihuahua , across from El Paso , Texas , than in any other city in Mexico , " the State Department travel warning says . "  More than half of all Americans killed in Mexico in FY 2009 whose deaths were reported to the U.S. Embassy were killed in the border cities of Ciudad Juarez and Tijuana . " The State Department targets six Mexican states as particularly dangerous . "  Recent violent attacks and persistent security concerns have prompted the U.S. embassy to urge U.S. citizens to defer unnecessary travel to Michoacan and Tamaulipas , to parts of Chihuahua , Sinaloa , Durango and Coahuila and to advise U.S. citizens residing or traveling in those areas to exercise extreme caution , " the warning says . The latest trouble in Tamaulipas and neighboring Nuevo Leon state started January 18 , when Gulf cartel members killed top Zeta lieutenant Victor Mendoza . The Zetas demanded that the Gulf cartel turn over the killers , but the narco group refused . The Zetas , composed mostly of former elite military troops , had been the armed enforcers for the Gulf cartel since 2001 . They have become more independent in recent years , and authorities say the all-out war between the two cartels indicates the split is permanent .	U.S. State Department updates travel warning for people traveling to Mexico Warning cites heightened level of drug and gang violence More than 22,000 have been killed since Mexican president 's crackdown on drug cartels
CNN  The terrorists who attacked the Bardo Museum in Tunis , Tunisia , last week were wearing suicide vests but failed to detonate them before being gunned down by police , Tunisia 's President told CNN . "  They had them , but they did n't work , because the police turned up and they were shot down and they did n't have the time to get these vests to work . Because had they done so , we would have had major catastrophe , " President Beji Caid Essebsi told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . A third museum attacker remains at large , Essebsi said . Previously two suspects had been identified -- Yassine Labidi and Saber Khachnaou -- though it was n't immediately clear if they were the pair killed at the museum by Tunisian security forces . Essebsi told Amanpour 15 arrests had been made since Wednesday 's attack , in which 23 people were killed . Most of the victims were foreigners and 19 were tourists who 'd been on two cruise ships that docked in Tunis . Essebsi said he believed the attackers were members of ISIS who had been trained in Libya . This echoed comments made by Tunisia 's Security Minister Rafik Chelly on Friday , who said two attackers had been given weapons training at Libyan camps and had been activated from sleeper cells . In an audio message posted online Thursday , ISIS claimed responsibility for the attack . The message said the group had targeted "  crusaders and apostates " with "  automatic weapons and hand grenades " in bloodshed that was "  just the start . " CNN can not independently verify the legitimacy of the audio statement . An uncle of suspect Yassine Labidi , Abeld Malik Labidi , told CNN on Friday that no one he knew had seen any signs of extremism in his 26-year-old nephew . He said Yassine Labidi was one of the two gunmen killed at the museum . "  It 's true that Yassine carried out this terrorist attack , he was killed ; his head , his body , we do n't have it back , " he said . But , he said , he believed Yassine and other young Tunisians like him were also victims of terrorism -- of the recruiters who paid them money , organized the logistics and took them to places like Syria and Libya to train as fighters . Laura Smith-Spark and Claudia Morales contributed to this report .	The Bardo Museum attackers wore suicide vests , Tunisia 's President tells CNN Police shot them before they could detonate the vests , Beji Caid Essebsi says Essebsi says 15 people have been arrested over the deadly attack
CNN  -- Australia 's prime minister Friday slammed those engaged in human trafficking after an explosion aboard a boat carrying Afghan refugees killed three people and injured more than 40 others near Ashmore Reef , off Australia 's northwest coast . "  People smugglers are engaged in the world 's most evil trade and they should all rot in jail because they represent the absolute scum of the earth , " Prime Minister Kevin Rudd told reporters . "  We see this lowest form of human life at work in what we saw on the high seas yesterday . That 's why this government maintains its hardline , tough , targeted approach to maintaining border protection for Australia . And that 's why we have dedicated more resources to combat people smuggling than any other government in Australian history . " The boat was carrying 49 refugees , officials said . In addition to the three killed , two others were missing . Rudd would not comment on the cause of the explosion , citing the ongoing investigation . The prime minister acknowledged that human smuggling was an increasing problem exacerbated by "  global factors " but defended his government 's border security policies . "  Our staff , our naval staff , our coast watch staff , our aerial surveillance staff and others , our police , are doing a first class job backed up by our intelligence officers as well , also in collaboration with partners across the region , " the prime minister said . "  Because it is a global phenomenon and we are finding push factors operating from around the world , our active partnership with international governments and international agencies like the UNHCR is equally critical . This is a fight on many fronts . It is a fight which we have been engaged in for some time and a fight which other governments around the world are equally engaged in with us . " Rudd said the refugees ' requests for asylum "  will be treated under the normal provisions of the law through the examination of each of their individual cases . "	Explosion on boat carrying Afghan refugees killed three people and injured 40 Rudd : ` People smugglers are engaged in the world 's most evil trade ' Rudd would not comment on cause of explosion , citing the ongoing investigation
Sioux Falls , South Dakota  CNN  -- A dimly lit sports bar reading "  cowboy poetry " is not exactly where you 'd expect to find a candidate for U.S. Senate . But this was a campaign event Wednesday for Larry Pressler , a former Republican senator now running as an independent 18 years after he was voted out of office . He joined a meeting of the Badger Clark Poetry Society , of which is he a member , to get his campaign messages across with couplets and free verse . "  Take Care of Your Friends " by the western poet Baxter Black was one of the poems he chose to read , saying it reflects what he is trying to do -- bring civility back to a broken Senate . Among the apropos lines in Black 's poem , read by Pressler : "  A hug or a shake or whatever seems right . It 's a highpoint of giving , I 'll tell you tonight . All worldly riches and tributes of men ca n't hold a candle to the worth of a friend . " Just in case it was a bit too subtle , Pressler hit it home with an explanation . "  In today 's Washington you can hardly have a friend because you 're categorized immediately . I 've said that I think our leaders should be able to visit together , more civility should be returned to Washington , D.C , " Pressler told the crowd of a couple dozen people . He also read a poem called "  Homecoming Queen , " written by South Dakota poet M.J. McMillan , who was in attendance . "  Homecoming Queen " is about a beautiful young girl whose life did n't turn out the way she had hoped , becoming an embittered 40 year-old a waitress : "  Waitin ' tables and cryin ' the blues . Do n't judge her too harshly 'till you 've had the chance to walk a few miles in her shoes " It was another campaign message -- that the former Republican cares about the underdogs -- those who need a second chance , or a second look . It was an off-beat event befitting an unusual candidacy . Pressler voted for Barack Obama twice , yet he contributed to Mitt Romney 's campaign . "  I want to work with both sides , " Pressler said in an interview following his poetry reading . Suddenly what was supposed to be a slam-dunk for Republican candidate Mike Rounds is more competitive , thanks in part to an anemic campaign and a scandal from his time as governor . Pressler 's presence in the race has made it even more unpredictable , since he is a well-known figure , especially for older voters . Strategists in both parties believe he pulls votes more from Rounds than the Democratic candidate , Rick Weiland -- but both sides are going after him . "  I 'm bad to Republicans and Democrats . That 's reflective of what is happening across the board in the United States . You ca n't be a friend with anybody else and admit to it , " Pressler told CNN . He supports Obamacare  with some changes  and opposes the standard GOP promise to eliminate the Department of Education . On abortion , he insists he does not believe Roe vs. Wade should be overturned , despite what appeared to be contradictory statements on the issue . It 's no wonder he says he stopped being a Republican because it went too far to the right in this state . He says he donated $ 100,000 of his own savings to his campaign , took out another $ 100,000 loan and raised about the same . He only has one full time paid staffer , and two part timers and sends out his own press releases . Before he was defeated , Pressler served three Senate terms -- 18 years . This time around Pressler is vowing to only stay one term so that he is beholden to no outside special interests . "  Today 's United States Senators spend about 52 % of their time raising money , either for themselves or their colleagues for the next election . I will not have a next election . This is my last campaign , win or lose , and if I were in the Senate it would be a glorious job because I would n't have to raise money , " Pressler told us . He wo n't say which party he will caucus with if he does pull off a win -- thanks to advice from Maine 's Independent Senator Angus King . "  He said it 's a very appropriate thing for an independent not to say which side you 're caucusing with . That 's the approach he took , and the reason is then I would be running as just another Republican or Democrat , " Pressler said . Since Pressler was defeated in 1996 , he has spent a lot of time still in Washington -- another line of attack from opponents , especially Republicans . But he makes no apologies for that , but also insists he spends "  half to three quarters " of his time in South Dakota . He is quite realistic about his chances for re-election saying "  its going to be tough . " But , he insists , it 's about the "  journey " rather than the destination .	Larry Pressler is a former Republican now running as an independent Senate candidate . Pressler read poetry at a Badger Clark Poetry Society meeting . Pressler stressed that he wants to work with both parties having ties to both Democrats and Republicans .
LONDON , England  CNN  -- From Dallas , Texas to Dabancheng , China , energy companies are staking fortunes on harnessing wind power . Texan energy companies are investing heavily to build wind turbines following a landmark ruling last week . Several Texan transmission companies announced Monday they were forming a consortium to invest in the $ 5 billion cost of building new power lines to take advantage of the state 's vast wind power . The consortium , comprised of existing transmission operators , includes Dallas-based Oncor , the state 's largest power delivery company , Electric Transmission Texas  ETT  and units of American Electric Power Co. among others . Those new lines , dubbed by Oncor as a "  renewable energy superhighway , " will accommodate about 18,500 megawatts of wind generation by 2012 -- enough energy to power 4 million homes . Texas currently leads the nation in wind capacity at about 5,500 MW . The companies are hoping to take advantage of a landmark ruling on Friday that gave Texas preliminary approval for a $ 4.9 billion plan to build transmission lines to carry wind power from West Texas to urban areas . It is said to be the largest investment in clean , renewable energy in U.S. history . Texas citizens will have to assist with the plan 's construction ; paying an extra $ 3 to $ 4 per month on their bills for the next few years . However , they stand to recoup these costs in what they will save in energy bills later . Not surprisingly , energy companies are eager to jump on the bandwagon to build a large part of the superhighway . Oncor Senior Vice President of Transmission Charles Jenkins said in a news release : "  At Oncor we want to be an important part of the solution . Texas is already a leader in wind energy and this is the next step in maintaining that leadership position . The wind energy industry has benefited from the support of billionaire oilman T. Boone Pickens , who is planning to build the world 's largest wind farm on about 200,000 acres in the Texas Panhandle . When completed , his 2,700 turbines will be capable of producing enough electricity to power 1.3 million homes . Pickens spoke to CNN about his plans to increase reliance on natural resources like wind and solar . He said : "  What I want to do is to fold in the great resource we have in the central part of this country , which is wind . And then you have resource from Texas west to California . "  You 've got solar . Those two resources have to be developed . So when you develop the wind , you can then remove natural gas from power generation and put it into a transportation fuel market . "  Wind power is ... clean , it 's renewable . It 's everything you want . And it 's a stable supply of energy . It 's unbelievable that we have not done more with wind . " Meanwhile , China could well be on its way to blowing the U.S. out of the water when it comes to harnessing wind energy . This is a rare energy success story for a country whose carbon emissions were recorded as the highest in the world last year , according to the Netherlands Environmental Assessment Agency . But the Chinese energy revolution has been quietly gaining strength , observers say . Like their American counterparts , Chinese tycoons are increasingly directing their investment into renewable power . Zhu Yuguo , ranks at 102 on the Forbes China Rich List , with a personal fortune of 5.71 billion Yuan and has invested heavily in the wind power industry . Steve Sawyer of the Global Wind Energy Council said : "  China 's wind energy market is unrecognizable from two years ago . " "  It is huge , huge , huge . But it is not realized yet in the outside world , " Sawyer said in an interview with London 's Guardian newspaper . China 's wind generation has increased by more than 100 percent per year since 2005 and 20 per cent of the power supply to the venues of the Beijing 2008 Olympic Games will come from wind generators , according to the official state agency , Xinhua . It was initially hoped the country would generate 5 gigawatts of wind by 2010 , but that goal was met three years early in 2007 . The 2010 goal has now been revised to 10 gigawatts but experts say this could well hit 20 gigawatts . The Guanting Wind Farm in Beijing has installed capacity of 64.5 megawatts and has supplied 35 million kilowatts of electricity to Beijing so far . The wind farm is estimated to supply 100 million KWH per year to Beijing , or 300,000 KWH per day , enough to satisfy the consumption of 100,000 households . However , China still relies heavily on using coal , which supplies 70 per cent of China 's energy needs . But Junfeng Li of the China Renewable Energy Industries Association has a more optimistic outlook . In a paper last month , he wrote : "  China is witnessing the start of a golden age of wind power development and the magnitude of the growth has caught policymakers off guard . "  It is widely believed that wind power will be able to compete with coal generation by as early as 2015 . "	Texas energy group launch bid to develop "  renewable energy superhighway " Texas given preliminary approval for a $ 4.9 billion plan to build new power lines Wind energy production in China set to overtake the U.S. experts say
Washington  CNN  -- Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel visited the Vietnam Veterans Memorial on Tuesday to deliver a Veterans Day speech , but perhaps more interesting than what he had to say was just what had happened to his face . Hagel was sporting a large bandage on his left cheek -- which a Pentagon spokesman attributed to a minor kitchen accident . "  He simply scratched it on an open cabinet door . Nothing more than that . No stitches . No hospital , " said Rear Adm. John Kirby , the Pentagon spokesman . Hagel used his speech to say that the United States needs to learn from its mistakes of the past before sending troops to war . His comments come as President Barack Obama sends an additional 1,500 troops to Iraq to combat ISIS .	Defense Secretary Hagel was wearing a bandage on his left cheek at Veterans Day events A Pentagon spokesman said Hagel had scratched his cheek on an open cabinet door The spokesman said Hagel did n't receive stitches or visit the hospital
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Asa Hill was 7 years old when he died . Although the boy was pulled out of a burning car alive in a horrific accident on the Niagara Thruway on Thursday , his injuries proved critical , and he passed away the following night . Amilcar Hill and Rahwa Ghirmatzion hug at their son 's funeral , which ended with their wedding . The Buffalo , New York , community , shaken , turned out in large numbers at his funeral Monday to support his parents , Amilcar Hill and Rahwa Ghirmatzion , and were pleasantly surprised when the couple ended the service with a wedding ceremony , a fulfillment of their son 's wish . The Rev. Joel Miller of The Unitarian Universalist Church of Elmwood , where the service was held , was unsure at first when the idea of a wedding was proposed by the couple and their family . "  I asked twice , ` We 're doing a wedding ? ' This was new for me . I never did a funeral service and a wedding ceremony at the same time , and normally would n't , but they have known each other since they were teens , " Miller said . "  And they had been providing for Asa , and they made a home together for all of Asa 's life . ... It was clear they were following through on something they had been talking about for some time . " Watch the funeral and wedding ceremony " Hill and Ghirmatzion have been best friends since they were 15 and have been together for almost half of their lives . After Asa was born , marriage had always been something that they considered but , according to Hill , both felt that a wedding was "  superficial and not necessary . " Asa , however , was insistent that they make their union official . "  Asa really wanted us to do it , and every time he would ask us we would say , ` Yes , we 'll get married , ' " said Hill . But the couple never did get around to figuring out the logistics for a ceremony . While holding his lifeless son in his arms at the hospital , Hill was moved to finally officially propose to his lifelong partner . "  Rahwa was overwhelmed at that moment and just looked at me . When the family sat down to plan the funeral service , she said ` Let 's get married . ' And everyone broke down at the table , " he said . The marriage took place after a service filled with African drums , dancing , sermons and family and friends sharing memories of Asa , all in celebration of his life . Miller said about 1,100 people attended the service , with hundreds overflowing onto the church lawn , where sound systems were set up so they could hear the service . When the wedding was announced , there were shocked cheers and applause from those in the church pews . "  We wanted it to be a surprise , " Hill said . "  We knew it would be a joyous moment . You could see how it lifted them , and we figured , why not make it a surprise at the end . " The Unitarian Universalist Church was chosen because its non-denominational tradition would welcome all the diverse groups of the Elmwood community , Hill said . The family has strong ties to the community and , according to Miller , who had known Asa since he was 5 , Asa embodied this . "  He was a powerful presence : direct , smart , and had a way of bringing people together , " Miller said . "  When you met him , you knew you met someone . We all did n't know each other , but we knew Asa and his family . "	7-year-old Asa Hill had asked his parents over and over to get married The boy died last week after being injured in traffic accident As parents dealt with his death , they decided to marry at the end of his funeral Wedding came as a joyous surprise to mourners who filled the church
WILLIAMSBURG , Virginia  CNN  -- President Barack Obama said Thursday that "  the scale and the scope " of his economic plan is right , turning up the heat on critics he said were hawking "  phony arguments " and "  false theories of the past " to chip away at the bill 's programs . President Obama said if a stimulus bill is n't passed the economy will continue to get worse . "  Do n't come to the table with the same tired arguments and worn ideas that helped to create this crisis , " the president said at the House Democrats ' annual retreat in Williamsburg . "  We 're not going to get relief by turning back to the very same policies that , for the last eight years , doubled the national debt and threw our economy into a tailspin , " he said . "  We ca n't embrace the losing formula that says only tax cuts will work for every problem we face , that ignores critical challenges like our addiction to foreign oil , or the soaring cost of health care , or failing schools and crumbling bridges and roads and levees . "  I do n't care whether you 're driving a hybrid or an SUV -- if you 're headed for a cliff , you 've got to change direction . " The Democrats welcomed the president with frequent interruptions for applause as he took on criticisms of the bill . Obama said he valued "  the constructive criticism and healthy debate that 's taking place around this package , " but added that speedy passage of the bill was essential . "  We 're not moving quickly because we 're trying to jam something down people 's throats , " he said . "  We 're moving quickly because if we do n't , the economy 's going to keep getting worse . " Obama rejected calls for more tax cuts and significant slashing of the bill 's more than $ 800 billion price tag , and said complaints the package was a spending bill rather than a stimulus bill were off base . "  What do you think a stimulus bill is ? " he said . "  That 's the point . " To critics who argue that the government should n't be spending billions with a large and growing deficit , Obama said , "  I found this national debt doubled , wrapped in a big bow waiting for me as I stepped into the Oval Office . " The American people called for change in November , he said , "  and that 's what we 're going to deliver . " "  They did not send us here to get bogged down with the same old delay , the same old distractions , the same talking points , the same cable chatter , " he said . "  They did not vote for the false theories of the past , and they did n't vote for phony arguments and petty politics , and they did not vote for the status quo . " Obama told his fellow Democrats that they have "  the capacity to do great things " on behalf of the American people , "  but we are going to have to do it by not thinking about ourselves . " "  It starts with this economic recovery plan , " he said . "  And soon , we will take on big issues like addressing the foreclosure problem , passing a budget , tackling our fiscal problems , fixing our financial regulation and securing our country . " But , he stressed , the battle over the stimulus bill is not "  an abstract debate . " "  If we do not move swiftly to sign -LSB- the act -RSB- into law , an economy that is already in crisis will be faced with catastrophe , " he said . "  This is not my assessment . This is not Nancy Pelosi 's assessment . This is the assessment of the best economists in the country . This is the assessment of some of the former advisers of some of the same folks who are making these criticisms right now . " "  This is not a game , " he said . "  This is not a contest for who 's in power and who 's up and who 's down . " It 's time , he said , to "  set aside the gamesmanship in this town and get something done . " Behind closed doors after his speech , Obama fielded a handful of questions from House Democrats . Asked about Afghanistan , Obama pointed to a number of reviews under way -- including ones by his national security team and by the U.S. Central Command -- of U.S. strategy in Afghanistan . The United States can not win there by military means alone , Obama said . He stressed the need to make sure that Afghanistan does not become a safe haven for terrorists . The president highlighted the importance of diplomatic efforts in Pakistan as well . On the subject of fiscal discipline , Obama referred to the economic stimulus package , getting credit going again so small businesses can get loans , stemming home foreclosures with next expenditure of the Troubled Assets Relief Program , and the executive compensation limits his administration set this week for businesses that accept taxpayer bailouts . Asked whether he would lift the ban on stem cell research , the president promised to sign an executive order to do so . Obama said he wants to coordinate with House and Senate leadership to craft an executive order - based on science , fact and reason -- strong enough to avoid a quick reversal . Obama 's comments impressed Rep. Charlie Melancon , D-Louisiana . The president "  said he 'd rather do what 's right and serve one term than just do what 's politically good and be a mediocre president and get to serve two terms , " Melancon said . Melancon , a fiscal conservative , said he did n't support every program in the House bill . "  We could n't explain some of them , " he said . For instance , "  how does giving out condoms put people back to work ? " But Melancon criticized Republicans who focused on only a small fraction of the stimulus bill , calling it "  chump change . " He acknowledged that although a stimulus package might not work , he said Congress needs to act or risk "  total collapse " of the economy . House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer of Maryland praised Republicans who voted with Democrats and said they showed true bipartisanship . But he railed against the Republican leadership , which told its members to vote against the original stimulus bill . "  Now they seem to be fired up and ready to say ` no , ' Hoyer said . "  We hope that they will change their minds . " Republicans have blasted numerous measures in the $ 819 billion stimulus package that the House passed last week , such as funding for veterans in the Philippines and sod on the National Mall . Such provisions have nothing to do with stimulating the economy , Republicans say . Hoyer acknowledged a need for compromise on some points important to the Democrat leadership , but he declined to specify what he 'd be willing to sacrifice to get the bill passed . CNN 's Brianna Keilar , Emily Sherman and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	Obama : "  We 're not going to get relief " using same policies that doubled debt President rejects calls for more tax cuts , significant slashing of the bill 's price tag Obama stresses that both sides must work together to provide relief Obama : "  Economy that is already in crisis will be faced with catastrophe "
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan 's former cricket star turned politician , Imran Khan , has returned home after hospital treatment for injuries suffered in a dramatic fall two weeks ago , he said Wednesday via Twitter . Khan suffered spinal fractures and a head injury when he toppled from a forklift that was raising him up to a stage as he campaigned in Lahore for elections held on May 11 . "  By the grace of Allah I am now home . Want to thank everyone 4 their prayers , " Khan tweeted Wednesday . Khan , who heads the Tehreek-e-Insaf party , or PTI , added that he hoped to continue political meetings to "  plan future strategies . " The party 's information secretary , Shireen Mazari , told CNN that Khan had left the hospital Wednesday morning and was now at home with his family in Lahore . "  He is walking around on and off , however he still needs a lot of rest , " she said . Khan is wearing a back brace for support and is hopeful he will make a full recovery very soon , Mazari said . The party said Tuesday that Khan had been able to stand unsupported and walk for the first time since the injury two weeks ago with the help of the specially fitted back brace . X-rays showed his spine was healing well , the PTI statement said . "  He will continue to receive regular physiotherapy and is likely to need to wear the spinal support for some weeks to come , " it said . "  Imran will gradually increase physical activity over the next few weeks with a return to his full functional capacity expected in approximately six to eight weeks . " Victory in the elections went to Nawaz Sharif , a two-time former prime minister , and his party , the Pakistan Muslim League . CNN 's Shaan Khan reported from Islamabad and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Stefan Simons contributed to this report .	"  By the grace of Allah I am now home , " Imran Khan tweets He was hospitalized with injuries suffered in a dramatic fall while campaigning Khan , who heads the Tehreek-e-Insaf party , plans to resume political meetings He suffered spinal fractures and a head injury in the fall two weeks ago
Washington  CNN  -- The symbolic "  Doomsday Clock " scientists use to portray what they feel is the risk from nuclear holocaust has moved a minute closer to midnight . The Bulletin of Atomic Scientists made the adjustment in reaction to an increased risk of weapons proliferation , the failure of a nuclear power plant in Japan , and terrorist threats to use "  dirty bombs " with stolen atomic material . The clock was moved to five minutes before midnight after a symposium where experts presented their reasoning and risk assessment . It had been at six minutes before midnight since January 2010 , when scientists moved the hand back , reflecting a decreased risk of nuclear proliferation . "  Two years ago , it appeared that world leaders might address the truly global threats we face , " said Allison Macfarlane , who chairs the group 's science and security board . "  In many cases , this trend has not continued or has been reversed . For that reason , the Bulletin of Atomic Scientists is moving the clock one minute closer to midnight , back to it 's time in 2007 . " The group , in announcing the decision Tuesday at a news conference , said in a news release that one factor was the question of nuclear weapons management "  in a world of increasing economic , political and environmental volatility . " Nuclear weapons are one of several issues that determine the setting of the Doomsday Clock . Atomic energy also contributed to the higher risk represented by moving the clock ahead one minute . But the group declined to take a position on the future viability of nuclear energy , just its existing threat to human survival , including the diversion of atomic material for weapons production . Kennette Benedict , the group 's executive director , told reporters that even after more than 60 years of the scientists assessing nuclear risk , "  it remains to be seen whether the safety and the proliferation risks can be addressed in a way that really is acceptable to people . " "  Management issues , rather than technical issues , seemed to have been the problem in Fukushima , " said Lawrence Krauss , who co-chairs an executive board with the Bulletin of Atomic Scientists . He said the disaster in Japan represented a broader political lack of will to ensure safe global energy . "  The need to act is urgent , " he said , saying action also is needed against the factors scientists believe cause global warming . "  Climate change is happening , " Krauss said , listing it among the risk factors in the Doomsday Clock announcement . "  It 's happening now , it 's measurable , and it 's clearly related to human activity , and the need to react becomes more urgent . " The Doomsday Clock was established in 1947 by scientists who helped develop the first atomic weapons in the Manhattan Project . The countdown to catastrophe has grown to reflect the risk to humanity and the planet not just from nuclear weapons , but also from a broad range of possible sources .	NEW : "  The need to act is urgent " in a range of problem areas , one scientist says The Doomsday Clock moves ahead one minute A panel of scientists cites a fresh risk from atomic power and a lack of arms talks
An Illinois jury on Thursday found former Chicago-area police sergeant Drew Peterson guilty of murder in the 2004 death of his ex-wife . The jury of seven men and five women deliberated for nearly 14 hours total before delivering its verdict convicting Peterson in the death of his third wife , Kathleen Savio . "  Finally somebody heard Kathleen 's cry , " her mother , Marcia Savio , told reporters after the verdict . "  Twelve people did the right thing , oh thank God . " Savio was found dead in her dry , clean bathtub on March 1 , 2004 . While prosecutors claimed Peterson killed Savio , the defense contended that she fell , hit her head and drowned . The headline-grabbing case did not arise until after Peterson 's fourth wife , Stacy , disappeared in October 2007 . It was during the search for Stacy Peterson -- who has not been found -- that investigators said they would look again into Savio 's death , which was initially ruled an accidental drowning . In February 2008 , authorities altered their judgment and ruled Savio 's death a homicide . Peterson was later arrested and charged with first-degree murder . Peterson was married to Savio in 2001 when he had an affair with then-17-year-old Stacy Cales , who later became his fourth wife . Savio and Peterson filed for divorce in October 2001 and their relationship remained contentious for the next several years . Bolingbrook , Illinois , police records indicate officers were called to Savio 's home 18 times to intervene in domestic fights from 2002 to 2004 . Peterson had Savio arrested twice for domestic violence , though she was found not guilty in both cases . On February 27 , 2004 , Peterson picked up his two sons from Savio 's home and spent the next two days with them . Prosecutors said he entered her home again early on February 29 and killed her . At the time of her death , a court was mulling how the couple 's marital assets would be divided , and Savio was set to receive part of Peterson 's pension and other support . "  We have left-front injuries , left-side injuries , left-back injuries , right injuries , right and left injuries , " prosecutor Chris Koch said in his closing argument , disputing the defense assertion Savio 's death was an accident . "  So it 's not just one side of her body ; it 's multiple sides , four sides . "  How can you get that in one fall ? You ca n't . You ca n't do it . It 's not possible . " The jury released a statement , read outside the Joliet courthouse by Will County Sheriff 's Office Deputy Ken Kaupas , in which they thanked the judge , bailiffs and sheriff 's office and said they took their responsibility seriously . "  We have reached a decision we believe is just , " the jurors said . The more-than-monthlong trial was marked by repeated missteps by the prosecution that angered Judge Edward Burmila and the defense . At least four times , prosecutors allowed witnesses to testify to details Burmila had told them not to go into -- such as whether Savio had a protective order against her husband or allowing a witness to demonstrate climbing into a bathtub . In some cases the defense sought a mistrial and in others they asked the judge to strike entire testimony . Burmila instead ordered the jury to disregard elements of the testimony that went against his orders . "  The disrespect to the court is shocking , " Burmila told the prosecution last week . On Thursday , Will County State 's Attorney James Glasgow expressed confidence the conviction , which he called "  very sobering , " will stand up against appeal . "  We took him on and we won , " he said of Peterson , whom he called "  a coward and a bully . " "  This defendant brutally killed Kathleen Savio . " HLN : Critical moments in the Drew Peterson trial After Thursday 's verdict , Peterson 's defense team stood by their client and promised to continue their fight on his behalf . Lawyer Joel Brodsky contended there was a large amount of bias against Peterson before the trial even began . "  He is absolutely innocent , " Brodsky said of Peterson , claiming the prosecution 's case "  was based almost entirely on hearsay . " He called Savio 's death "  a household accident . " The Savio family , though , did n't hide their contempt for what the victim 's brother , Nick , called Peterson 's "  clown defense team who made fun of this whole trial . " Nick Savio called Thursday 's verdict "  bittersweet , " describing the jury 's decision as "  fantastic " while also lamenting it would n't bring back his sister . He added that his family wants Drew Peterson to next be held responsible for whatever happened to Stacy Peterson . "  Although we can not have Kathleen back , we hope she can now rest in peace and that she knows she has had her day , " Nick Savio said , reading out a statement from family . "  She will be missed and remembered in our hearts always . "  Stacy , you are now next for justice . " Cassandra Cales , Stacy Peterson 's sister , said she hopes the verdict will spur someone to come forward "  who knows something about my sister ,  because  they feel safe to talk now . " While she says she is still trying to process the import of the jury 's decision , Cales said one thought went through her mind immediately after hearing it : "  Game over , Drew . " HLN : Peterson trial FAQ	A top prosecutor says he 's confident the conviction will stand up against appeal Drew Peterson 's lawyers say their client is innocent and blast the prosecution 's case Authorities re-examined Kathleen Savio 's death after Stacy Peterson went missing Drew Peterson , who 'd been married to both , is convicted of murder in Savio 's 2004 death
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- Cho Myung-chul remembers what it was like to vote in North Korea . "  They have a little piece of paper and a pencil right next to it . If you do n't like the candidate you can pick up the pencil and cross the name off , but the person who picks up the pencil will die . There is always someone watching outside and of course there is only one candidate . " The idea of a free election seemed impossible to Cho Myung-chul before he defected . But he is now hoping to become the first North Korean in the South Korean parliament . South Koreans head to polls on Wednesday He stands a fair chance of being elected , number four of 46 proportional representative candidates for the ruling Saenuri party . He asks CNN , "  Can you imagine the shock of all my former colleagues and school friends in North Korea if I get a place in the National Assembly ? " Cho was a professor in North Korea and was among the elite , meaning his life was far more bearable than others . He says that South Koreans do n't really know how dire life can be for many in the North and how bad the human rights situation is . "  They understand in an abstract sense that something is not right , but they do n't have actual knowledge of life there . " That is one reason he has entered politics , to help the conservative party form a better policy when dealing with Pyongyang . Cho describes the difficulties he found when first trying to assimilate into South Korean life . He found it very difficult to cope , saying , "  Living here I had to re-learn everything from the beginning . There was only one thing we had in common , the language and other than that , the gap was huge . " The Korean peninsula was split in 1953 when an armistice was signed after a bloody war . The two sides have never signed a peace agreement . South Korea has since grown to become Asia 's fourth largest economy whereas North Korea struggles to feed its own people , asking the international community for food and monetary aid . Cho acknowledges many defectors find it hard to adapt and says the government has to do more to help . "  There are around 23,000 North Korean defectors here now . These people are the pioneers of unification , they have to be able to settle here and succeed . If you ca n't reunify with this small group of people , you have no chance with 23 million people in North Korea . " Cho will find out Wednesday if his parliamentary election bid is successful as South Koreans head to the polls .	Cho Myung-chul hopes to become first North Korean in South Korean parliament Cho defected from the North and wants to help the South form a better Pyongyang policy South Koreans head to the polls on Wednesday for parliamentary elections
Brattleboro , Vermont  CNN  -- Floodwaters brought by Tropical Storm Irene began to recede Monday in parts of Vermont , but the governor warned that further flooding and loss of life are likely ahead for the small , rural state . "  It 's just devastating , " Gov. Peter Shumlin said Monday . "  Whole communities under water , businesses , homes , obviously roads and bridges , rail transportation infrastructure . We 've lost farmers ' crops , " he said . "  We 're tough folks up here but Irene ... really hit us hard . " Hundreds of people remained trapped Monday in communities cut off by raging floodwaters that washed out or otherwise damaged 263 roads and bridges , Shumlin said . Exactly how many were stranded remained unclear , he said . "  It 's hard for us to know , frankly , because it 's hard for us to get into the communities we need to get to , " he said . Highlighting the transportation problems , the Vermont National Guard had to travel through neighboring Massachusetts to get rescue crews to the small , cut-off town of Wilmington , the governor said . Three deaths had been confirmed as a result of the storm . A woman who was standing near the Deerfield River in Wilmington died after she was swept away by floodwaters . Her body was recovered , according to authorities . Also , a male was killed in Mendon after being swept away by floodwaters , according to Vermont Emergency Management . Another male was found dead in Lake Rescue in Ludlow earlier Monday , authorities said . Shumlin said Monday afternoon that authorities were searching for another missing person . Images of the flooding showed normally tranquil streams pouring through city streets and thrashing against buildings and bridges , including some of the state 's iconic covered bridges . Four to six of the covered bridges were destroyed in the flooding , officials said . Even the state emergency management headquarters in Waterbury flooded Sunday night , forcing officials to evacuate to Burlington , about 20 miles away . "  The storm essentially shut southern Vermont down , " said state police Capt. Ray Keefe . "  It 's terrible . " President Barack Obama signed a disaster declaration for the state on Monday , allowing federal aid to the state . Federal Emergency Management Agency Administrator Craig Fugate planned to tour flooded communities in Vermont on Tuesday , according to the Department of Homeland Security . No specifics of Fugate 's trip were given . The governor described conditions as "  probably the toughest flooding that we 've seen in the state of Vermont in our history . " "  You 've got to remember that Vermont is a lot of beautiful mountains with valleys and small brooks that run into bigger rivers , " Shumlin said on CNN 's "  The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer . " "  Our small brooks have crested  but  our larger rivers have not -- so we know there 's more trouble ahead . " Ashley Grote lives in South Royalton , Vermont , along the White River . Her home is on a hill , so the only damages she suffered were a washed-out driveway and a "  small river running through our backyard . " But many others in the area were not so fortunate , Grote said Monday after taking a walking tour of the area . She saw washed-out roads , farm fields covered in silt and other damage . She said she knows some houses were swept away , as well . "  The massive amounts of damage caused by water is so unbelievable , and until you see it you would not believe it , " she said . "  There are so many farmers whose fields are beyond repair , and are losing food for their animals or hay that they sell for an income . " Many areas of the state remained under flood warnings Monday , with the National Weather Service reporting continued record flooding in some locations . For instance , Otter Creek in Rutland , Vermont , went from a depth of less than 4 feet Sunday morning to more than 17 feet at 1:45 a.m. Monday -- nearly 4 feet higher than the record set in 1938 , according to the National Weather Service . While it was falling Monday morning , it was still 8 feet above flood stage . Shumlin said additional flooding problems were likely as water poured out of smaller streams into larger rivers . CNN iReporter Andrew Cliver had been through a hurricane before , but he said Vermont 's mountainous terrain amplified the effects of Irene 's rains . "  Because it 's so mountainous here , the water all drains into these little creeks and rivers with a rushing force that 's powerful enough to move buildings that have been standing for 100 years , " he said . Unlike many states , Vermont did not order or suggest evacuations . Many of the state 's towns are in lowlands and there are few large areas of dry land , so large-scale evacuations are impractical , Shumlin said . Some towns did partially evacuate overnight , including the state capital of Montpelier , but the situation in the town of 8,000 located 50 miles from Canada was not as bad as feared , officials said . Floodwaters appeared to peak on the Winooski River early Monday . "  There does not appear to be much additional flooding from what has been previously reported , " said City Manager William J. Fraser . "  Overall we do not expect conditions to get worse . " In Brattleboro , a city of 12,000 people on the New Hampshire border , Whetstone Brook flowed out of its banks and undermined a three-story building , threatening to bring it down . "  We 've seen nothing like this , " said Barbara Sondag , town manager for Brattleboro . Lifelong resident Jesse Stone watched the White River rip away at the footings of the historic Quechee covered bridge as it washed through the heart of the town . "  It is just about impossible to imagine this bridge being taken out , " Stone said in an iReport . "  It 's usually  far  above the water level . " CNN 's Greg Botelho , Phil Gast , Divina Mims , Ed Payne and Justine Redman contributed to this report .	Three dead in Vermont , rescuers search for another missing person Rivers continue to flood , "  We know there 's more trouble ahead , " governor says Governor : Hundreds remain cut off by floodwaters and damaged roads President Obama signs a disaster declaration for the state
CNN  -- Add yet another reason to consider Brazilians the world 's coolest nationality . They take their national soccer team 's plane for the World Cup and turn it into a work of brilliant graffiti art . Identical twins and breakdancers-turned-graffiti artist duo Os Gemeos used 1,200 cans of spray paint to emblazon their signature colorful style over a Boeing 737 . Known for the yellow-skinned characters they 've said are influenced by their dreams , Octavio and Gustavo Pandolfo are among Brazil 's most popular contemporary artists . Brazilian low-cost carrier GOL commissioned the plane , which will fly the Brazilian national soccer team around the country during the FIFA World Cup starting June 12 . Although they did n't have the World Cup in mind when they first envisioned the project , the idea to paint the plane came from the artists themselves , said the twins in an interview with artnet . The design theme the twins were tasked with were "  Brazilianness , democracy and diversity . " The plane will be part of the GOL fleet for an additional two years after the World Cup . More photos and a video of the twins at work on the plane can be seen on GOL 's blog . MORE : Insider Guide : Best of Rio de Janeiro	Brazil airline GOL commissions graffiti artists for national soccer team plane Artist duo Os Gemeos and identical twins Octavio and Gustavo Pandolfo painted plane Plane will fly team during World Cup , which kicks off June 12
Calling it a "  cost of war , " Republican and Democratic leaders announced a $ 17 billion compromise bill Monday that would get veterans to a doctor more quickly , hire more medical staff , add dozens of new facilities and cut bonuses at the Department of Veterans Affairs . As it aims to reshape medical care for veterans , the proposal also would plump up the deficit , adding $ 12 billion in red ink . The bill was hashed out over months and unveiled by the chairmen of the House and Senate Veterans Affairs Committees after a weekend of negotiations . The deal would pour spending into both short - and long-term programs for the struggling VA. . That money comprises : • Roughly $ 2 billion to lease 27 new medical facilities ; • $ 5 billion for hiring doctors and nurses and some construction ; • And $ 10 billion to go to a new program allowing veterans to seek outside care if they wait longer than 30 days for an appointment or live more than 40 miles away from a VA hospital . More than a funding bill , this deal also gives the veterans secretary unprecedented power to quickly fire executives at the agency . Anyone fired under that provision would have a week to appeal the decision and the case must be decided within 21 days or the person 's firing goes into effect . That agreement merged Democrats ' insistence on an appeals process with Republicans demand for fast consequences . "  It is compromise legislation , " said Senate Veterans Affairs Chairman Bernie Sanders , a Vermont independent , "  There  was give and take on both sides . " That includes the price tag , which is handled with a combination of emergency spending  as Democrats hoped  and offsets  as Republicans wanted  . Bad VA care may have killed more than 1,000 veterans , senator 's report says Specifically , lawmakers would offset some $ 5 billion of the spending by forcing other changes at the VA , including what will amount to a cap on staff bonuses at the agency . But after those cost cuts at the VA , the deal would add approximately $ 12 billion to the federal deficit . That 's usually something that Republicans would block , but the two leaders behind the bill argue this issue deserves what they call emergency spending . "  Funding our veterans ' needs must be considered a cost of war , " Sanders stressed . The toughest sell may be with spending-skeptic House Republicans . But House Veterans Affairs Committee Chairman Jeff Miller , a Florida Republican , insists his fellow conservatives will give the bill the votes it needs . "  I believe it will  pass  , " he told reporters Monday . "  Taking care of veterans is not an inexpensive proposition . And I believe our members understand that . " Republicans may warm up to the increased oversight in the measure , which requires an independent report on VA health care , a commission on access to care and a task force to review the agency 's scheduling system . The 130-page bill also contains a host of smaller provisions : it increases incentives for young doctors to work at the VA by doubling the amount of their student loans the agency can repay per year . The deal comes under threat of travel clock , as Congress plans to leave for a five-week break by Friday . Miller and Sanders said they expect both chambers to vote on the legislation this week , though exact scheduling is still under discussion . Veterans waiting longer for cancer care Who is VA nominee Bob McDonald ?	Senate and House committees have reached a tentative deal to reform the VA The troubled department was rocked by a waiting list scandal earlier this year Officials : Legislation would "  make the VA more accountable "
CNN  -- It was not what tennis star Andy Murray needed to hear on the eve of his Wimbledon title defense . Having hired as his new coach former women 's No. 1 Amelie Mauresmo , herself a winner on the hallowed grass courts , the Scot was looking forward to his usual home support over the next two weeks . Instead , he has been forced to defend the Frenchwoman from criticism by British tennis legend Virginia Wade . Before Murray 's success last year , Wade was the last Briton to win a Wimbledon singles title when she triumphed at the All England Club in 1976 . But in an interview with the UK Press Association Saturday , she said she thought his appointment of a female coach was "  a joke " upon first hearing the news . "  She 's done it a few times before with me . It does n't surprise me , " Murray told reporters Sunday . Wade had previously criticized Murray for acting like "  a drama queen " during a French Open match in 2012 as he struggled with a back injury . "  The reason for working with Amelie was about finding the right personality with the right experience to help me , " Murray continued . "  I think she will help me . I 've really enjoyed the last 10 days I spent on the court with her . It 's been great . "  And if it helps bring more female coaches into men 's sport -- and women 's sport -- that 's a good thing . Because there 's absolutely no reason why someone like Amelie ca n't help me . " Mauresmo won the women 's singles title at Wimbledon in 2006 and coached last year 's winner Marion Bartoli to an unlikely success , though Wade described the 34-year-old as having been "  a little fragile mentally " during her career . Murray , nonetheless , will be looking to capitalize on Mauresmo 's expertise as he heads out on Centre Court Monday to start his title defense against David Goffin of Belgium . The 27-year-old has struggled for form in 2014 after undergoing surgery on a back injury nine months ago . He has failed to win a single match against a top-10 opponent all year but will take confidence from his run to the French Open semifinals . With Mauresmo on-board he hopes to become the first Brit to defend a Wimbledon crown since the great Fred Perry achieved the feat in 1936 . Their partnership did not have the most positive start , with Murray losing the second match of his title defense at Queen 's Club last week . Despite the weight of history on his shoulders , Murray is keen to make the most of the experience . "  I think tomorrow , I need to enjoy that moment when I walk back on the court , " he said . "  But as soon as I start playing the match , it 's about trying to win . And I enjoy winning . I do n't really want to go out on the court tomorrow and enjoy playing and then lose . "  It 's time when I get on the court to start concentrating . Not think about last year , concentrate on this year 's tournament and that 's it . " "  I know there 's going to be pressure . That 's why today when I woke up there 's butterflies there . You 're one day away from starting the tournament . "  But I hope that I 'm able to deal with it well . We 'll find out tomorrow . " Elsewhere on Wimbledon 's opening day , top seed Novak Djokovic takes on Andrey Golubev of Kazakhstan while 2010 finalist Tomas Berdych faces Victor Hanescu of Romania . In the women 's draw , No. 2 seed Li Na of China will look to improve on her first-round exit at the French Open when she takes on Paula Kania of Poland . Poland 's world No. 4 Agnieszka Radwanska opens her tournament against Andreea Mitu of Romania while former No. 1 Victoria Azarenka takes on Croatia 's Mirjana Lucic-Baroni in just her fifth WTA event of an injury-hit year . Explore : Wimbledon by the numbers	Andy Murray defends new coach Amelie Mauresmo from comments made by Virginia Wade The 1976 ladies ' champion said she thought Mauresmo 's appointment was "  a joke " Murray kicks off the defense of his Wimbledon title against David Goffin Monday
CNN  China has executed three men convicted of plotting a knife attack that killed 31 people at a railway station in the southwestern city of Kunming last year . The Kunming City Intermediate People 's Court said that Iskandar Ehet , Turgun Tohtunyaz and Hasayn Muhammad were put to death Tuesday . It said they had committed intentional homicide , led a terrorist group and organized the mass knifing , which also wounded 141 people . The names of those executed suggested they were Uyghur , a mainly Muslim ethnic group from Xinjiang , northwest China . Authorities had blamed terrorists from the region for the attack . The train station attack shook the country and state media labeled it "  China 's 9/11 . " Dressed in black and wielding long knives and machetes , several assailants stormed the station on March 1 , 2014 seemingly hacking at anyone in sight . Authorities said police shot four perpetrators dead on the scene and captured another . It was the deadliest of a recent spate of violent incidents that have been blamed on Uyghurs . CNN 's Shen Lu in Beijing contributed to this report	China executes three men convicted of plotting a knife attack that killed 31 The train station attack shook the country and state media labeled it "  China 's 9/11 "
Washington  CNN  -- "  Electronic cigarettes " that vaporize nicotine juice to inhale instead of smoke from burning tobacco do not deliver as promised , according to research at Virginia Commonwealth University . "  They are as effective at nicotine delivery as puffing on an unlit cigarette , " said Dr. Thomas Eissenberg , at the school 's Institute for Drug and Alcohol Studies . His study , funded by the federal National Cancer Institute , is the first by U.S. doctors to check the function of so-called "  no-smoke tobacco " devices , which are unregulated in the United States for sale or use . The units are shaped like a cigarette and contain a battery that heats a filament to vaporize liquid nicotine in a refillable cartridge . Smokers buy the devices to get around no-smoking restrictions and to attempt to quit conventional cigarettes . Some users nickname what they 're doing as "  vaping " instead of smoking , to reflect the vapor produced by the heating element . The devices are marketed as an alternative to smoking , but retailers avoid making claims about health or safety . Fans have established a Web site , www.e-cigarette-forum.com . Founder Oliver Kershaw said the site "  is the largest e-smokers community online with some 26,000 members , most of whom are in the U.S. " Jimi Jackson , a former tobacco smoker in Richmond , Virginia , who sells electronic cigarettes , is convinced there are immediate health advantages in avoiding the known cancer-causing substances in the smoke of a burning cigarette . "  I smoked 37 years , and when I found them , I was , like , ` Thank , you Jesus , ' " Jackson said with a laugh , as a reporter visited his shop , No Smoke Virginia , coincidentally just a few blocks from where the research was conducted at Virginia Commonwealth . In March , the Food and Drug Administration imposed a ban on continued imports of the devices , pending regulatory review for any health risks . The latest clinical evidence suggests users are not getting the addictive substance they get from smoking tobacco . "  These e-cigs do not deliver nicotine , " Eissenberg said of the findings he expects to publish in an upcoming issue Tobacco Control , a product of the British Medical Journal Group . This past summer , Eissenberg recruited smokers without prior experience using e-cigarettes to volunteer to use two popular brands of the devices for a set period . The 16 subjects were regularly measured in a clinical setting for the presence of nicotine in their bodies , their reported craving for conventional cigarettes , and certain physiological effects such as a change in heart rate . "  Ten puffs from either of these electronic cigarettes with a 16 mg nicotine cartridge delivered little to no nicotine , " the study found . But the units may deliver hazardous chemicals , according to preliminary checks by federal regulators . In a notice to importers , the FDA blocked continued shipments after finding diethylene glycol , a chemical used in antifreeze that is toxic to humans . The government 's statement noted there are no health warnings on the products , and that "  the FDA analyses detected carcinogens , including nitrosamines . " The notice of the import ban says "  the product appears to be a combination drug-device , " that "  requires pre-approval , registration and listing with the FDA " in order to be marketed in the United States . A company challenging the import ban claims in federal court documents to have sold 600,000 of the devices in a year 's time through a network of 120 distributors in the United States . "  We are on the verge of going out of business , which is why we are suing the FDA in U.S. District Court , " said Washington , attorney Kip Schwartz , representing a company called "  Smoking Everywhere , " a U.S. wholesaler that was importing the devices from China . The lawsuit questions the FDA 's authority to block shipments of a non-tobacco product , and says the agency has violated its statutory process for product review . Liquid nicotine is available on the open market through pharmaceutical houses and vendors who sell e-cigarettes . A judge January 14 ruled the FDA does not have such authority , but the agency has taken the matter to the U.S. Court of Appeals , which has yet to decide the case . The appeals panel issued a stay against the judge 's ruling until it can rule on the agency 's appeal . Meanwhile , based on the judge 's ruling , lawyers for the importers have filed a request to compel the FDA to lift its import ban , saying the agency is not likely to win its appeal . The filing says "  although e-cigarettes have been sold since 2007 , FDA has not identified a single instance , either in this Court or below , of an adverse health effect from e-cigarettes . " President Obama , who has described himself as an occasional smoker , has been offered one of the devices by Florida Rep. Cliff Stearns . The Republican lawmaker 's office said the president did not respond . An administration spokesman last year said the White House was not aware of the offer . In a copy of a letter to the chief executive dated March 26 , Stearns wrote , "  I have recently given out e-cigarettes to a few members of Congress and they have become quite a hit . " Sales of the devices continue at shopping mall kiosks and small storefront retailers , apparently drawing from stock imported before the FDA began to block shipments from overseas suppliers .	Nicotine delivery system same "  as puffing on an unlit cigarette , " researcher says Virginia Commonwealth University studies "  no-smoke tobacco " devices FDA has halted imports of the devices as it studies their effect on health
CNN  -- Does John Edwards deserve to go to prison ? The jury has decided , and he 's walking . Whatever we may think of the Edwards trial , one thing is certain : the prosecution was a ridiculous waste of taxpayer money on a non-crime . Who cares if a billionaire wants to give a multimillionaire some money to hide his mistress  who pays taxes on the gift  ? The prosecution of Edwards was never so much about Edwards as it was about George Holding . Wait -- who is George Holding ? And why should we care ? After winning a recent primary , Holding is likely the next congressman in the 13th District of North Carolina . He initiated the prosecution against Edwards while he was a U.S. Attorney . But he did n't argue the case in court . Instead , after receiving a year 's worth of headlines  and Republican praise  for charging Edwards , Holding resigned from the case to run for Congress . Maybe Holding understood the weakness of the case , which rested upon Edwards ' failure to report the money billionaire heiress Bunny Mellon and another wealthy donor gave to him to help hide his mistress . The problem is that if Edwards had reported contributions and then used them for personal expenses , he would have been guilty of a crime , since the Federal Election Commission bars spending official campaign funds on personal expenses . Therefore , according to Holding , Edwards was damned if he did , and damned if he did n't . To prove his case , Holding had to show that Edwards knowingly broke the law . But if neglecting to report the gifts as campaign contributions constituted a crime , yet reporting such gifts as contributions would violate existing law  by implying that Edwards converted contributions to personal use  , then it is impossible to prove Edwards knew he was breaking the law , which would be necessary for a conviction . That 's not very good legal reasoning on which to rest a case -- especially a case unlike any other that had been successfully tried . And since Holding had access to all the available evidence and knew that no witness and no recordings would suggest that Edwards knew he was breaking the law , it is difficult to see how Holding thought he might win , other than hoping that jurors disliked Edwards so much they would convict him . Or maybe Holding was n't all that concerned with the legal reasoning . Perhaps he realized that , win or lose , he 'd already gotten enough mileage from the case to realize his political ambitions . By the time he indicted Edwards , the well-connected Holding knew that the newly Republican state legislature had drawn a safe district he could win , if only he could get out of the primary . And what better way to appeal to Republican diehards than prosecuting the smarmy , liberal trial lawyer John Edwards ? Holding certainly received his reward last month when he won his congressional primary . The public generally associates politicians with the pursuit of ambition and power . Too often , investigators act from similar motives . Law enforcement officials seek to justify long , expensive investigations into high-profile targets by stretching the law to win convictions and mount the biggest scalps on their walls . The former head of the St. Louis FBI who investigated me for a campaign finance violation years ago said of his job : "  I love the chase . -LSB- It -RSB- was fantastic . It was me against them . And the smarter they were , the richer they were , the more I enjoyed catching them . " But justice is n't about investigators ' adrenaline rushes or personal advancement . It 's about the common good . If the central goal of prosecuting "  corrupt " public figures is to remove them from public life , then the Edwards prosecution is a clear case of overkill . He is a walking punch line , unfit to run for dog catcher . Why should prosecutors spend millions of dollars and years of time targeting him with novel legal theories ? I am familiar with Edwards ' predicament . During my 2004 congressional campaign in Missouri , I approved a meeting between two aides and a man who wanted to send out a postcard highlighting my opponent 's dismal attendance record in the state House . In the immediate aftermath , our campaign denied any involvement in the mailing , and then when faced with a Federal Election Commission complaint which gave us a chance to come clean , we maintained our denial . Five years later , through an unlikely set of circumstances culminating in my best friend 's wiretap , I ended up in prison for a year . As a current taxpayer who spent a year loading trucks at a prison warehouse , eating food for which you , dear reader , paid , I can tell you two things . First , I did not want to pay to house , feed and clothe multimillionaire lawyer John Edwards . Second , the only person in this sordid mess whom prosecutors should have considered indicting is someone who was already granted immunity . That 's right , Andrew Young , who defrauded the 99-year-old Bunny Mellon by siphoning  or , more precisely , stealing  hundreds of thousands of dollars to build his dream house . Of course , prosecuting Young would n't have gotten George Holding all the publicity that prosecuting John Edwards did , and it definitely would n't have gotten him to Congress . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeff Smith .	Jeff Smith : John Edwards trial was a ridiculous waste of taxpayer money on a non-crime Smith : Prosecution of Edwards was really about George Holding , who will be in Congress He says Holding indicted Edwards for political gains and attention Smith : The person in this sordid mess who ought to be prosecuted is Andrew Young
CNN  -- Kate Meinhardt felt like a clown jammed into a Volkswagen bug when she lived in a 21-square-foot room aboard a circus train . Kate Meinhardt crammed her life into a 21-square-foot room while she lived aboard a circus train . Bungee cords crisscrossed her walls once a week to prevent an avalanche of items from raining down . A microwave , mini refrigerator , her laptop and baskets of personal items lined the dorm-like room . Showering , going to the bathroom and even doing laundry became racing contests on the train , Meinhardt said . The 13 people on board shared one shower , two toilets and one washer and dryer . "  It 's a pretty tough life living in such a small space , " she said . The 23-year-old spent almost a year as an animal handler for Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus . While most iReporters have n't run off to join the circus , some have traded in their homes for smaller digs . One iReporter even opted for a floating lifestyle , where he could sail away at a moment 's notice . iReport.com : Living in tight quarters Living on a 25-foot boat was only supposed to be temporary , but Jim Smith loved it so much he stayed there for a year . "  I have lived in a 25-foot sailboat , a 28-foot motor home , a 32-foot sailboat and now an 800 square-foot apartment , " Smith said in his iReport . "  I was happiest with the 25-foot sailboat . " While docked in Panama City , Florida , Smith kept his expenses to a minimum . The marina slip rent was only $ 200 and electricity was included in the rent , he said . The boat did not have refrigeration so Smith kept his food inside an insulated ice box . For 79 cents at the discount grocery store , he could buy a 10-pound bag of ice that would last him several days , even during the summer . Air conditioning was n't a luxury Smith had either , but fans and sea breezes kept him cool . "  Sometimes the less you have , the more you like it , " he said . The portable lifestyle also charmed a father-son duo who set out on a yearlong European vacation . A camper van took them wherever they wanted , whenever they wanted . Spencer Pearson and his 15-year-old son , Bryce , bought a 150-square-foot van in Germany for their European excursion . Living out of the van meant "  no reservations , no packing and unpacking of suitcases , no strange beds , " Pearson said . Modern amenities were n't amiss on the van , which included everything from the Internet and entertainment to a complete bath and kitchen , and there were occasional hotel stays and meals out that made the trip more pleasant . The simple life also enticed Deborah Greant and her husband to trade in their Calgary , Canada , home for an RV . Both she and her husband have neuromuscular problems and needed extra help taking care of their large home . Since moving into a 240-square-foot RV , they can manage the house themselves . "  We did n't want to be owned by our things , " Greant said . "  We jettisoned pretty much everything except things from former generations . " While two people living in an RV can be tight , imagine a family of six trying to do the same . Mounting living expenses and a job relocation prompted the Chervenkas to sell their home and move into a 32-foot RV . Two pets came along , too . The Chervenkas were n't forced to do this . Their goal was to become debt-free and save money for their children 's college educations . When pilot Tim Chervenka got transferred to Charlotte , North Carolina , the family set up camp in a 32-foot RV . The temporary situation turned into a permanent one . The family said goodbye to paying a first and second mortgage and pricey utilities . They now pay only $ 500 a month , utilities included . "  It 's made such an adjustment in our personal life without the juggling , " Cindy Chervenka said . "  We have so much more family time . It 's a good feeling . " Cindy Chervenka has some advice for others thinking of a drastic downsizing : "  Step out of your comfort zone and try it . We did n't plan on doing this full-time , but once we discovered it , we thought , ` hey we can do this forever ! ' Until you step out and try it , you 'll think it 's not doable . "	iReporters share their experiences of living in a small space Kate Meinhardt lived aboard a circus train as an animal handler Jim Smith traded in his home for a 25-foot sailboat iReport.com : Do you live in a small space ?
CNN  -- The International Committee of the Red Cross has been granted access to a detention facility in Syria for the first time since unrest broke out in the country , the committee 's president said Monday after meeting with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . ICRC President Jakob Kellenberger called the breakthrough "  an important step forward for our humanitarian activities in Syria . " Kellenberger 's meeting with al-Assad occurred amid mounting reports of bloodshed by Syrian security forces . On Monday , security forces killed six people during an ongoing crackdown in the province of Homs , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , an opposition group . The group also reported a similar offensive in Idlib province , where security forces entered with seven armored vehicles , nine cars and four buses . Seventy people were arrested in the operation , and dozens of homes were raided , the opposition group said . Syria has been engulfed in public protest for months , and the regime has been accused internationally of a crackdown on peaceful demonstrators . The government has maintained it is targeting armed terrorists . But opposition activists say it is a systematic , sustained slaughter . "  Ensuring that the sick and the wounded have access to medical care will be among the particularly urgent humanitarian challenges to be addressed with the Syrian authorities , " the Red Cross said in a statement . The committee will initially be allowed to see only people detained by the Ministry of Interior , Kellenberger said , adding , "  We are hopeful that we will soon be able to visit all detainees . " Also Monday , the Arab League announced that its secretary general , Nabil al-Araby , will travel to Damascus on Wednesday . The Arab League last week publicly called for restraint and an end to the violence in Syria . Kellenberger 's two-day visit kicked off Sunday with meetings with Prime Minister Adel Safar and Foreign Minister Walid Muallem . The Syrian government said it briefed Kellenberger on the regime 's efforts to "  restore stability and security to the country . " Reports have surfaced of people not being able to access medical care during security operations . The foreign minister "  stressed that the public hospitals in Syria are constantly ready and provide the required medical services for all the citizens , " the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency reported Monday . The news agency added that Muallem "  appreciated the humanitarian activities of the Syrian Arab Red Crescent Organization which has played an effective role in providing the humanitarian needs of the citizens during the current crisis . " Also Monday , Kellenberger discussed with al-Assad "  the rules governing the use of force by security forces ... and the obligation to respect the physical and psychological well-being and human dignity of detainees , " according to the ICRC . On Sunday , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said four people were killed in Idlib province and three others were killed in the village of Tahtaiya by security forces pursuing wanted activists . The opposition group also said a resident from Suraqib who was detained for 20 days died in detention after being tortured . It also claimed that at least 15 people were wounded in the city of Homs due to heavy gunfire by security forces . Another opposition activist group , the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , said eight were killed in Idlib , four in Hama province , and one each in the provinces of Homs and Damascus . Meanwhile , the Syrian news agency reported that six troops and three civilians were killed near the city of Muhardeh in Hama province . The agency said a "  terrorist group " ambushed a bus carrying troops and civilians , killing nine and injuring 17 . A security patrol pursued the attackers and killed three of them , wounding a fourth and seizing explosives , guns and medical supplies from their stolen pickup , the news agency said . CNN can not independently confirm either the opposition or government claims . Syria has made it difficult for foreign journalists to work in the country since the unrest started , restricting their entry . Officials do not usually comment on opposition allegations concerning the killing or wounding of protesters . The United Nations has reported more than 2,200 people killed in Syria since February , including more than 350 people since security forces stepped up operations against demonstrators during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan . When Kellenberger visited Syrian officials in June , he reached an understanding that would give the ICRC and the Syrian Arab Red Crescent "  enhanced access to areas of unrest , and negotiations would take place concerning ICRC visits to detainees . " He aims to "  review progress made in both these areas , " the ICRC said , including "  an opportunity to discuss the impending start of ICRC visits to persons detained by the Ministry of the Interior . " The agency "  visits detainees in order to assess the conditions in which they are being held and the treatment they receive , " it said . This week 's visit comes on the heels of an Amnesty International report detailing the deaths of at least 88 people in detention and describing widespread abuse of prisoners . CNN 's Yousuf Basil , Mohamed Fadel Fahmy and Ivan Watson contributed to this report .	NEW : Arab League secretary general will travel to Damascus Red Cross president concludes meeting with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad The ICRC will be given access to government-held detainees , group 's head says The organization is also trying to ensure the sick and wounded have access to medical care
CNN  -- Russia 's annexation of Crimea should not affect the country 's sports teams , says Russian national football team coach Fabio Capello . The Italian , who previously coached England , has dismissed calls for Russia to be kicked out of the upcoming World Cup in Brazil and for it to be stripped of the right to host the 2018 tournament . When asked by CNN if he understands why people could choose to boycott a World Cup in Russia , Capello said : "  I do n't understand why you would boycott the World Cup or other sport competitions . "  Sport is out of politics , for me . I do n't understand when someone boycotts a competition . " Two U.S. senators recently wrote a letter to football 's global governing body FIFA calling for Russia to be expelled from the 2014 World Cup while also being stripped of its right to host the 2018 event . Two Russian politicians responded by sending a letter of their own to FIFA demanding the U.S. be kicked out of Brazil 2014 for previous aggressive actions against Yugoslavia , Iraq , Libya and recent action in Syria . Political controversy -- Russia 's anti-gay propaganda law and a $ 50 billion budget -- also dominated the build-up to the recent Sochi 2014 Winter Olympics . Russia topped the medal table with 13 gold medals ; success which Capello says has ramped up the pressure on his players ahead of the World Cup -- which begins on June 12 . "  We are euphoric because a lot of medals go to Russia , " said Capello . "  We are really proud of the results . "  But I 've lived my career with pressure . I 've managed really important teams and when you manage these teams you need to win -- the pressure is every day . " Russian president Vladimir Putin took a keen interest in the country 's performance at Sochi 2014 and he will surely be hoping for a strong showing from the hosts at the 2018 World Cup . If Russia is to compete when it welcomes the world , Capello says it must work on developing a new generation of talented players to replace an aging squad . "  They need to prepare the under-21s , under-20s to find new players , " said the former AC Milan and Real Madrid coach . "  I need to speak with the managers . We need to put some young players in the first team . This is the problem . "  We 've got seven foreign players every game , and four Russian players . If one of the best players is injured , we lose a lot . "  But I always think positive , and I hope we will be the surprise in Brazil . "	Fabio Capello says Russia should not be banned from the 2014 World Cup Two U.S. senators called for Russia to be kicked out of the tournament Italian coach Capello says sport and politics should not mix Russia 's first game of the 2014 World Cup is against South Korea on June 17
CNN  -- At least six people were killed and more than a dozen others injured when explosions hit a campaign rally for one of Afghanistan 's two presidential runoff candidates at a hotel in Kabul on Friday , an Interior Ministry spokesman said . The convoy of candidate Abdullah Abdullah was attacked in Kabul , spokesman Sediq Sediqqi told CNN . Abdullah and his running mates were not hurt , but the candidate 's car was severely damaged , Sediqqi said . There were two explosions , Sediqqi said : One was a suicide attack and the other a possible roadside bomb . Video from the scene showed hotel windows blown out and police securing the area . Abdullah and Ashraf Ghani are campaigning for Afghanistan 's June 14 runoff election to succeed Hamid Karzai . Abdullah , a former foreign minister , garnered 45 % of the vote in the first round , and Ghani , a former finance minister , earned 31 % .	Two explosions strike a campaign rally for a presidential candidate The convoy of Abdullah Abdullah was attacked in Kabul At least six people were killed , and Abdullah was uninjured
CNN  -- Nicole Nagy had gone back to school hoping that a new career would lead to a better job . When she was turned down for financial aid , Nagy was told she could , as a song goes , "  sing for the money . " She was directed to a contest called Careereoki . Nicole Nagy enlisted the help of her children and her husband to make her videotape . Anyone brave enough to videotape themselves singing -- and sometimes dancing -- about their dream career karaoke-style was qualified to enter the competition . More than 60 videos were submitted , from which five finalists were chosen to compete for online votes that will determine the winner . Most contestants were from Central Florida , likely because the grand prize includes tuition for a certificate program at an Orange County technical school . Nagy , a mother of three , was laid off in 2007 . When she could n't find a job , her husband supported her decision to enroll in nursing school . But tuition and books are costly , and the Nagys are a month behind on the mortgage payment . So risking embarrassment , Nagy decided a better future might lie in her music video . "  I ca n't sing to save my life , but I will go ahead and try this because I am willing to do anything to get school paid for , " Nagy said . Her husband , obviously a good sport , appears in the video along with her children . Watch the contestants ' videos " Dressed in a bathrobe , she sits on the couch with her kids as her husband starts the video with the bad news , "  OK guys , I have to go to work . Sorry we ca n't send you to nursing school , Mom . We just do n't have the money . " Nagy replies , "  Ahh man . " Addressing her children , she says , "  know what we can do instead , we can sing about it . " Nagy takes off the robe , revealing a nursing uniform and the stethoscope which acts as her microphone . Nagy then dances around her living room , belting out her tune , "  Doctor , doctor give me the news ; I got a bad case of nursing blues . " She sings her original lyrics to Robert Palmer 's "  Bad Case of Loving You " as her young , obedient children wait for the song to end . Nagy 's video was good enough to gain her a spot as a Careereoki finalist . But winning the contest wo n't be as easy as making it to the finals . The Careereoki competition is stiff . American Idol judging it was not for this first-time contest . To choose the final five videos , judges considered three categories . Points were awarded based 50 percent on the contestant 's originality , 25 percent on creativity and 25 percent on the video 's humor . Whether Nagy 's performance will be good enough to win will depend on how many people vote for her on local radio station WPYO 's Web site where the videos are posted . Fans of the musical Grease may feel inclined to vote for Julia Langston of Lake Mary , Florida . Langston does a nice job singing what is supposed to be a duet , "  Summer Nights . " She creatively sings , "  Unemployment happened so fast , never thought this recession would last . " Langston was laid off a few months ago after working for 15 years as an office manager . As with her fellow contestants , the grand prize would be a huge help for her . She is living off the money she had set aside to remodel her kitchen . Finalist Jennifer Faulk of Deltona , Florida , sums up the recurring theme of the five still standing : "  The day does not go by that I do n't go online and look for something and there 's just nothing out there . " The Careereoki contest was sponsored by the Orange County School Board ; Workforce Central Florida , an Orlando-area job placement organization ; and a local advertising agency . Workforce Vice President Kimberly Cornett said her organization 's participation in the singing contest helped spread the word on their "  no-cost services " to the community . "  It was a way to connect to job seekers , and also for job seekers to take a little break from the stress of unemployment , " Cornett said . She said she sees that stress first hand ; the Orlando organization she works for offers job placement . Unemployment in Central Florida is the highest it has been in 16 years , according to Cornett . The grand prize is worth $ 8,000 and includes a career training scholarship , personal and resume makeovers and a $ 100 gas card . Two first-place winners will also get tuition help , resume makeovers and $ 50 gas cards . The finalists are keeping their fingers crossed that the song in their heart does n't end up a song sung blue . The winner will be announced on Monday .	People invited to sing for job help in "  Careereoki " contest Best videotape of singing contestant will earn prize worth $ 8,000 Central Florida contest sponsored by school board , job-placement agency
Going off-road used to mean tearing up dirt tracks in a powerful four-by-four or gigantic monster truck . For two ambitious tech start-ups however , the term has come to comprise something more subtle and potentially revolutionary . For the past 18 months Matternet and Aria -- separate companies born out of the the same Silicon Valley incubator -- have been working towards creating a roving network of automated drones that will help connect rural and under-developed areas with little access to existing road or highway systems . While the idea may sound far-fetched to those unfamiliar with the latest in civilian drone technology , preliminary vehicle testing has already taken place . See also : Where is the world 's best airport ? "  The easiest way to describe what we are doing is to compare how mobile telephony has taken off in the developing world , " said Matternet founder and CEO , Andreas Raptopoulos . "  We want  to leapfrog the traditional modes of transportation infrastructure in a similar way and bring items through these unmanned aerial vehicles  UAVs  to people who may otherwise be cut off or isolated , " he added . A network of drones The idea stems from when Raptopoulos led a research group including the company 's three other co-founders at the Singularity University in Silicon Valley . They envisioned employing a fleet of drones with a two kilogram payload capacity and a six mile flight-range . These automated vehicles would be complemented on the ground by a vast network of strategically positioned hubs , enabling drones to recharge their batteries every few miles before continuing to the next station  where the recharging process is repeated  or final destination . Control of the drones and the assignment of packages for delivery would eventually be handled by an automated operating system . Orders or requests could then be placed and paid for by cell phone . The potential applications , Raptopoulos explained , include delivery of medicines to disconnected areas , enabling farmers to supply products directly to customers and providing vital materials to areas cut off by natural disasters . In the future , he adds , the concept could also be adapted to enhance the transport or distribution systems of large cities . See also : The lion city roars So far , Matternet have reached the stage of conducting initial trials of "  quadrocopter " drones , which took place in Haiti and the Dominican Republic last year . While happy with the results , Raptopolous believes the concept needs more testing before commercial or civilian deployment can be considered . Internet of actual things Meanwhile Aria  Autonomous Roadless Intelligent Array  -- set up by students from the same Singularity University class but concentrating more on developing an open source system and ground network -- intends to develop an autonomous aerial system to service this year 's Burning Man festival in Nevada . According to Aria co-founder , Arturo Pelayo , a hyper-connected UAV network creates the possibility of a physical delivery system so dense and interconnected that is in effect an "  analogue internet . " "  On the internet you send digital packages . On the analogue internet you are still sending packages but these are physical , " he said . "  We see the opportunity to create these very flexible networks serviced by these systems and ground hubs  which could even be something as basic as a disused shipping container  over very large areas , " he added . See also : Is the Danube Romania 's ` blue motorway ' As the technology develops further , Pelayo believes they will overcome the drones ' principle limitations -- namely the short distances they can travel and small weight they are able to carry . He also highlights cost benefits as a significant factor in making the technology attractive to potential users . Counting the cost Raptopolous agrees and points to a case study carried out at the Singularity University of the Maseru district in the tiny African kingdom of Lesotho , which put the price of a network of 50 base-stations and 150 drones at just $ 900,000 -- comparing favorably against $ 1 million for a two kilometer , one-lane road . But while enthusiastic about these figures Raptopolous emphasizes that he does n't see drones replacing roads or highways any time soon . Roads , after all , still carry the obvious benefit of being able to transport people and cater for much larger and heavier loads . "  The idea of Matternet is not to replace systems where they work well but really to complement them , " he said . External factors such as how small drones perform in bad weather , how they interact with other aircraft as well as public perceptions of devices best known for their operation in a military theater will also have to be overcome , he admits . On top of this , the fact that drones could be adapted to transport illicit materials such as drugs is also something that must be considered . This is a point addressed by associate professor of aviation at the University of North Dakota , Ben Trapnell . However , he noted that while such networks could theoretically be abused in such a way it would be foolish to disregard the "  host of societal and economic benefits " they could provide .	Matternet and Aria are exploring the possibility of dense drone networks that could deliver goods to remote areas The idea is to connect regions or towns where roads are unreliable or do not reach Preliminary vehicle tests have already taken place in Haiti and the Dominican Republic
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency said Wednesday it is increasing its nationwide monitoring of radiation in milk , precipitation , drinking water , and other outlets in response to the ongoing nuclear crisis in Japan . The EPA already monitors radiation in those potential exposure routes through an existing network of monitoring stations across the country . Results from a screening sample of milk taken March 25 in Spokane , Washington , detected radioactive iodine at a level 5,000 times lower than the limit set by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration , the EPA said . The I-131 isotope has a very short half-life of about eight days , the EPA said , so the level detected in milk and milk products is expected to drop relatively quickly . The tests confirm that the milk is safe to drink , Washington Gov. Chris Gregoire said . "  This morning I spoke with the chief advisers for both the EPA and the FDA and they confirmed that these levels are miniscule and are far below levels of public health concern , including for infants and children , " Gregoire said in a statement . "  According to them , a pint of milk at these levels would expose an individual to less radiation than would a five-hour airplane flight . " FDA senior scientist Patricia Hansen also said the findings are "  miniscule " compared to what people experience every day . At least 15 states have reported radioisotopes from Japan 's crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant in air or water or both . No states have recommended that residents take potassium iodide , a salt that protects the thyroid gland from radioactive iodine . Iodine-131 has been found in eastern states from Florida to Massachusetts as well as in western states like Oregon , Colorado , and California , according to sensors and officials in those states . None of the levels poses a risk to public health , they said . The Japanese plant has been leaking radiation since it was damaged in the earthquake and resulting tsunami earlier this month .	The Environmental Protection Agency is increasing monitoring nationwide It is monitoring milk , precipitation , drinking water , and other outlets A milk sample from Washington state shows "  miniscule " amounts of radiation Tests confirm the milk is safe to drink , governor says
CNN  -- Just hours after word began to spread about Ed Koch 's death Friday morning it was already clear : The brash former New York mayor leaves behind a legacy that crosses generations and geography . It 's obvious across the Web , as tweeters and bloggers remember Koch as much more than a politician . A "  master showman of City Hall , " tweeted one . Other words included "  cultural icon , " "  great boss , " and even "  model of New York-iness . " The three-term mayor who served from 1978 to 1989 died Friday of congestive heart failure at age 88 . During his prime , Koch wore his quotable comeback lines like badges of honor . @JenniferPrestion posted this one : "  I can explain it to you , but I can not comprehend it for you . " Opinion : Koch a friend and force to the end Koch used quips as weapons against political foes on issues like racial tensions , labor unions , crime , the city 's dwindling population and AIDS . In the end , he was "  almost impossible to dislike , " wrote John Avlon . "  In this , he reflected the city . " The @mayoredkoch Twitter account remained active , featuring touching retweets . "  So many memories of @mayoredkoch , " wrote Evelyne Wade @ChezEvy . "  Sang NY NY for him at City Hall . New York City will surely miss this feisty mayor and mensch ! " Koch 's personality fed his widespread popularity . "  Like his policies or not , " Tweeted @EarlFando , "  the man knew how to entertain . " "  He was the first mayor to open for ` Saturday Night Live , ' " wrote blogger Howard Barbanel . "  He was Mr. New York long before the advent of Rudy Giuliani . " In 1978 , Koch delivered a nice line about ulcers , as Salon.com recalled . "  I 'm the sort of person who will never get ulcers , " the quote went . "  Why ? Because I say exactly what I think . I 'm the sort of person who might give other people ulcers . " A younger generation may best remember Koch from his stint on TV 's "  People 's Court , " where during the late 90s , Koch sat in judgment over the show 's endless parade of small-claims plaintiffs and defendants . "  Ed Koch has left this world to preside over the Big People 's Court in the sky , " posted @RossParsons . The mayor flexed his dramatic chops with minor roles on TV 's "  Spin City , " and the 1996 film "  City Hall . " In fact tweeter Betsie Huban @BetsietheBroker called Koch , "  the most fun mayor NYC ever had . " High praise in these days of frowning , stone-faced lawmakers who just ca n't get along . "  My first job in politics was working for Mayor Koch on transit & environmental issues , " wrote Wendy Thurm @hangingsliders . "  Great job . Great boss . " Often credited with reviving New York 's ailing economy in the 1970s , one Tweeter said Koch was "  the  right  man at the  right  time . " But a lot of folks are n't talking about the man 's policies or his political agenda . They 're talking about the man himself . Like they knew him personally . Like he was the friendly neighbor down the block . Decades before the spread of the Internet and its instant feedback , Koch got his feedback in the streets , sometimes standing at subway stations and asking voters , "  How 'm I doing ? " "  In the '80s I got the pleasure of meeting Ed Koch a few times . " wrote Laurie Lombardi @LL712 . "  Once I asked him , ` How 's it going mayor ? ' He replied , ` I 'm trying , kid . ' " Symbol . That 's a powerful word . And it 's popping up a lot about Koch . The Alec Baldwin Foundation @ABFalecbaldwin wrote that Koch was "  as much a part of New York as Central Park , hot dog carts , the subway . A mayor of the people like few others . " Many Facebook and Twitter posters are talking about Koch 's desire to have his tombstone inscribed with the final words of terrorism victim Daniel Pearl : "  My father is Jewish . My mother is Jewish . I am Jewish , " which prompted Michelle Boorstein @mboorstein to tweet about "  crying in the car during morning commute over Ed Koch 's gravestone , modeled after Danny Pearl 's . " So how 'd he do ? The answer to his signature question seems overwhelming : Not too shabby , Mr. Mayor .	Ex-New York City Mayor Ed Koch , 88 , died Friday , sparking waves of online tributes @mayoredkoch Twitter account features touching retweets NEW : John Avlon : In the end he was "  almost impossible to dislike " which "  reflected the city . " Younger Americans may remember Koch best from TV 's "  People 's Court "
CNN  -- All three women whose bodies were found wrapped in trash bags last weekend in East Cleveland have been identified , CNN has confirmed after speaking with their families . They are Angela Deskins , Shirellda Terry and Shetisha Sheeley . Earlier , the identification of Sheeley , 28 , prompted her mother to plead for prayers . The victims were at different sites a few blocks from one another . More questions than answers in Cleveland 's run on high-profile crime "  I do n't know why this person did what they did to my daughter , but I just want everybody , just pray for me . Because this is really , really hard on me right now , " Kim Sheeley told CNN affiliate WEWS . "  It was really hard . It 's taken a toll out of me . I do n't know what else to say , but thank you all for whoever is praying for me . " Wiping away tears , she said her 25-year-old son was killed in an unrelated incident in December . The body of Deskins , 38 , was found in a garage Friday , naked with indications of trauma , police say . Sheeley 's body was found second , in a field , and Terry 's body was in the basement of an empty home . Both were found Saturday . East Cleveland Mayor Gary Norton believes the killings happened over 10 days and were committed by the same person . "  One of the things that makes us believe it 's the same suspect is the way that they were all wrapped ... and the same concealment of each of the victims , " he said . "  We are dealing with a sick individual , and we have reason to believe that there might be more victims . " Michael Madison , 35 , was formally charged Monday in the deaths . The garage where Deskins was found was leased to Madison , police said . A search of his apartment found "  additional evidence of decomposition " there , said Detective Sgt. Scott Gardner with the East Cleveland police . Madison was taken into custody after a standoff at his mother 's house . East Cleveland is seven miles northeast of Cleveland . CNN 's Adam Reiss contributed to this report .	Relatives tell CNN names of women whose bodies were found in bags last weekend They are Angela Deskins , Shirellda Terry and Shetisha Sheeley Officials say they fear there may be more victims
CNN  -- Syrian President Bashar al-Assad denied Sunday that government forces were behind the "  outrageous " massacre of more than 100 civilians , including dozens of small children , in the town of Houla . "  Truthfully , even monsters do not do what we saw , especially in the Houla massacre , " he told lawmakers . "  The criminal or criminals who committed this crime and others are not criminals for an hour or criminals for a day , they are constant criminals and are surely planning other crimes . " Speaking before the newly-elected People 's Assembly on Sunday , al-Assad decried what he called the "  terrorists " and "  conspiracy " against Syria . "  At this time , we are facing a war from abroad , " al-Assad said in his first public speech since January . "  Dealing with it is different from dealing with people from inside . " His speech came a week after the U.N. Security Council condemned the Houla massacre , with members casting blame on government forces for the deaths . Opinion : Is Syria unsolvable ? Al-Assad 's remarks stand in stark contrast to what the opposition and many world leaders have said for more than a year -- that al-Assad 's forces , not "  terrorists , " are behind a sustained slaughter stemming from the regime 's crackdown on dissidents . As the president spoke , heavy shelling rained on the anti-government bastion of Homs , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . Thirty-seven people were killed throughout Syria on Sunday , including five children , the group said . Opposition activists also reported seeing a large military convoy of about 45 trucks carrying tanks , armored personnel carriers and soldiers heading toward Deir Ezzor during al-Assad 's speech . Al-Assad insisted "  the battle is forced upon us , " but promised amnesty for those who stop fighting immediately . Russia strikes back amid accusations it 's not doing enough about Syria violence "  I encourage all of those who are hesitant to drop their weapons at once , and the government will not seek revenge now or later , " he said in his 70-minute speech . "  We forgave others who stood against us in the past . " The president also touted what he called political reforms and denounced those he said were conspiring against Syria . "  Standing up against the conspiracy is not easy , but we will overcome the obstacles , " al-Assad said . iReport : Putin visits Berlin for talks over Syria The president 's address came a day after U.N. special envoy Kofi Annan said Syria is "  at a turning point " and that "  the specter of all-out civil war , with a worrying sectarian dimension , grows by the day . " Saudi Foreign Minister Saud Al Faisal said the Syrian regime is pushing for a sectarian crisis . "  The Syrian opposition lacks the means to defend itself , and the regime is getting weapons from everywhere . For a while now , we noticed that the regime has been trying to turn the crisis into a sectarian conflict , " Al Faisal said Sunday . He added that while Syria had agreed to Annan 's peace plan , the regime has not implemented it . "  The regime just wants to buy time , " Al Faisal said . Catherine Ashton , the EU foreign policy chief , said no efforts should be spared to stop the violence . "  We need to avoid a catastrophe . Violence and repression can not be the solution . Any further militarization of the conflict will bring enormous suffering to Syria and risks having a dramatic impact on the region , " she said . As Annan 's U.N.-backed peace plan continued to founder in Syria , Arab leaders signaled the need for more robust measures to end the violence there . At a meeting in Doha , Qatar , more than a week after the Houla massacre sparked global outrage , Arab League Secretary-General Nabil el-Araby said "  more audacious steps are needed " in Syria . "  We should have a timeline for the peace plan -- this is a must , " el-Araby said . "  The international community needs to take immediate action after the massacre in Houla and take all necessary measures in order to protect the Syrian civilians . " Qatari Prime Minister Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim bin Jabor Al Thani said Annan 's peace initiative should be placed under Chapter VII of the U.N. charter , Qatar 's news agency reported . Such a move would allow the U.N. Security Council to take action that could include the use of military force . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said Sunday that he had taken note of the Arab League leaders ' suggestions , including requests to increase the number of U.N. observers and to set a time limit for the effort . "  All these are very important recommendations and I hope these will be discussed by the Security Council members . At this time , I would welcome the wider international discussions on the future course of action , " he told reporters . The crisis in Syria began nearly 15 months ago , when a tough government crackdown on protesters spiraled out of control and spawned a national anti-government uprising . The United Nations for months has said more than 9,000 people have died in Syria . But death counts from opposition groups range from more than 12,000 to more than 14,000 . Tens of thousands have been displaced . Syria , Sarajevo and Srebrenica : When outrage is n't enough The opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said 33 civilians and 61 government forces were killed across Syria on Saturday , and two rebel soldiers died . CNN can not independently confirm reports of casualties or violence from Syria because the government restricts access to foreign journalists . Over the border in the Lebanese city of Tripoli , fighting between pro- and anti-Syrian regime gunmen on Saturday left 12 dead and approximately 50 injured , according to the state-run National News Agency . The clashes continued early Sunday morning , killing at least one person , NNA said . But hours later , residents said the situation in Tripoli was quiet . The sectarian violence in Tripoli mirrors the tensions in Syria between Sunnis , who make up the majority of the Syrian opposition , and Alawites , who are dominant in al-Assad 's government . Annan made reference Saturday to such flare-ups in neighboring countries , after many Syrian civilians have fled to escape violence . CNN 's Saad Abedine , Holly Yan , Hamdi Alkhshali , Tracy Doueiry and Richard Roth contributed to this report .	NEW : 37 people are killed throughout Syria on Sunday , an opposition group says Syrian president : "  Even monsters do not do what we saw " in Houla Opposition : Five people are killed as shelling fell on cities during al-Assad 's speech Kofi Annan : The specter of all-out civil war with a sectarian dimension grows every day
CNN  -- Veteran actor Len Lesser died in his sleep Wednesday morning in Burbank , California , of complications from pneumonia . He was 88 . "  It was very peaceful , " his daughter , Michele Lesser , told CNN , saying the family had hoped for a quick and painless death . "  He was a great grandpa , and an amazing father . He had a heart of gold -- and a sense of humor of platinum . " Best known as Jerry Seinfeld 's Uncle Leo on TV 's "  Seinfeld , " Lesser made more than 500 film , television and stage appearances . His TV roles ranged from "  Studio One in Hollywood " in 1949 to a 2009 role on "  Castle . " In addition to "  Seinfeld , " he had a recurring role as Garvin on "  Everybody Loves Raymond . " He also appeared on "  ER , " "  Mad About You , " "  Thirtysomething , " "  Falcon Crest , " "  Quincy M.E. , " "  The Rockford Files , " "  Kojak , " "  The Bob Newhart Show , " "  The Mod Squad , " "  Green Acres , " "  All In The Family , " "  The Monkees , " "  Get Smart , " "  My Favorite Martian , " "  Ben Casey " and "  The Untouchables . " Lesser 's films included "  Gallipoli , " "  The Outlaw Josey Wales " and "  Kelly 's Heroes . " Lesser also served in the Army during World War II . In addition to his daughter Michelle , Lesser is survived by a son , David , David 's wife Julie and the couple 's three children .	Len Lesser was a World War II veteran He appeared in hundreds of television shows and movies
