CNN  -- Manny Pacquiao has put failed talks of a fight with Floyd Mayweather Jnr behind him as he turns his focus to a bout with Joshua Clottey at the Cowboys Stadium . The Filipino will defend his World Boxing Organization  WBO  welterweight title against Ghanaian Clottey on March 13 at the $ 1.2 billion home of the Dallas Cowboys football team . Pacquiao had been scheduled to face unbeaten American Mayweather on the date before the proposed super-fight collapsed when the Filipino rejected requests from his opponent to have unprecedented random blood testing . But the 31-year-old confirmed that he is now fully focused on his new opponent , not any possible fight with Mayweather . It 's going to be a good fight , " Pacquiao said at a press conference to promote the fight . "  Clottey , he is a good fighter , a top fighter , and he is bigger than me . I have to prepare hard for this fight and train hard and focus . " When asked about Mayweather , Pacquiao 's trainer Freddie Roach said things had moved on but revealed his fighter would be ready to take on the American on the right terms . "  Life goes on without Mayweather . He would n't agree to a limit of 14 days before the fight . We did our best to appease him but he would n't go along with it , " Roach explained . "  Mayweather 's people agreed to it but Mayweather would n't go along with it . I do n't think he wants to fight Manny . It was a smoke screen for him to say no . "  I want to beat this guy 's ass , believe me , but he wo n't give us the opportunity . We will fight him any day of the week . But he does n't make the rules . " Any Pacquiao-Mayweather fight would have been staged in Las Vegas and Cowboys owner Jerry Jones added that the breakdown in talks benefited him . "  It did . This gave us an opening . We were very aggressive and we were pretty quick to make a deal , " Jones said . "  We 're going to make this one of the most interesting fights to view that there 's ever been . We 're going to have some fun with it . "	Manny Pacquiao has put failed talks of his fight with Floyd Mayweather Jnr behind him as he turns his focus to a bout with Joshua Clottey . The World Boxing Organization  WBO  welterweight fight will be staged at $ 1.2 billion home of the Dallas Cowboys on March 13 . Pacquiao 's trainer Freddie Roach said his fighter has "  moved on " but would be ready to take on Mayweather on the right terms .
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- Turkey 's foreign minister met with Hamas ' leader-in-exile Khaled Meshaal during a visit to Syria Monday , a spokesman for the Foreign Ministry confirmed Tuesday . Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu also met with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al Hariri during his Damascus visit , spokesman Selim Yenel said . Turkish media reported he also held talks with former Iraqi prime minister Ayad Allawi and radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr . Yenel said he did not have details about the discussion between Davutoglu and Meshaal . Turkey , once Israel 's only Muslim ally in the Middle East , was condemned by the Israeli government when it hosted Meshaal on an official visit in 2006 . Hamas had just swept parliamentary elections in the Palestinian territories . Davutoglu , then a key foreign policy adviser to the Turkish prime minister , was seen as the architect of the Hamas visit . Yigal Palmor , spokesman for the Israeli Foreign Ministry , said the meeting would not make change Hamas ' actions . "  So one wonders what is the point of talking to an organization that refuses and rejects the idea of solving problems through dialog , " he said . Israel and the United States both formally label Hamas a terrorist organization . Turkish-Israeli relations have sharply deteriorated over the last two years , since Israel mounted a military offensive on Hamas-ruled Gaza . Relations hit rock bottom after Israeli commandos raided a Turkish aid flotilla steaming toward Gaza in May , leaving eight Turks and one Turkish-American citizen dead .	The Turkish foreign minister meets in Syria with Hamas leader Meshaal Davutoglu also met with Syria 's president and Lebanese prime minister Israeli-Turkish relations soured in 2006 after Meshaal made an official visit to Turkey Their ties were further strained when Israel raided a Turkish aid flotilla to Gaza
CNN  -- Stewart Copeland and Sting get along great . Really . Stewart Copeland 's background includes a wide range of musical influences , many of which emerged in the Police . OK , the Police 's drummer and bassist may have argued from time to time . Perhaps even ferociously . And Copeland finds Sting 's attempts to be a drum arranger annoying . OK , maybe infuriating . But , as he writes in his new book , "  Strange Things Happen "  HarperStudio  , "  We have discovered that we can be good friends -- as long as no one mentions music . " Besides , Copeland adds in an interview , both Sting and guitarist Andy Summers "  are crap at drums . " Watch Copeland dish on the band " Copeland may be best known for the hitmaking musical trio , but he has n't let the Police define him . The son of a CIA officer , he grew up in the Middle East and has let his musical fascinations range widely . He 's written operas and dozens of film and television scores and is currently working on a concerto for the Dallas Symphony .  He also plays polo . Copeland took some time to talk about his relationship with the Police , the importance of percussion and the social niceties of West L.A. private schools . The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : The pace of the book makes it seem like you 've been living "  A Hard Day 's Night " for the last 30 or 35 years . Is it really that busy ? Stewart Copeland : Oh , it 's pretty busy , but if it was n't busy , I 'd be stressed and anxious . In fact , this week I 've got some down time , and I 'm looking at the walls . CNN : It 's been inescapable that people are focusing on the part of the book involving you and your fellow Police members . You say that you have a great relationship with Sting until music gets involved . Copeland : We get along in every way until it comes to music . ... -LSB- But -RSB- both of them are crap at drums , so at least I do n't have that to deal with . CNN : So Sting is not much of a drummer , despite the fact that he has all these ideas . Copeland : Actually , he can play a bit of drums , but he 's much better arranging drums than playing them . And I think I 'd rather have him as a drummer than as an arranger of drums , even though he 's quite brilliant at -LSB- arranging -RSB- . CNN : Has there always been that friction in the band ? Copeland : Yes . With Andy , there 's no friction at all ; we get along great . ... And by the way , he 's not the man in the middle , either . He 's not a mediator . He 's his own little volcano . He 's a very sharp point to the triangle . But this conflict ... when we did the reunion tour , it was like everything was different , but nothing had changed . From the first 16 bars , we were straight back into where we left off . CNN : With the Police , the friction seems -- for lack of a better term -- healthy . Copeland : Well , it 's that musical dichotomy that makes the band what it is . If we did n't have those beautiful , sensitive songs , we 'd be lost . Those beautiful , sensitive songs have an extra kick to them because there 's a madman in the group . CNN : Does the madman change , or is it always Sting ? Copeland : Actually , all three of us have our moments . CNN : You grew up in the Middle East . Do you see any reflections of that in the way you play the drums , in the way you feel the beat ? Copeland : Absolutely . I grew up surrounded by Arabic music . The central element of Arabic music is the baladi rhythm , which is just Arabic for "  country . " And it has that drop on the three-beat . And it has that use of negative space . And it also has the very ornate use of the 16th notes , which are very expressive in Arabic music . And I suppose those are all factors that show up in the Police . CNN : You mentioned in the book that you put aside the sticks for many years until -LSB- Primus ' -RSB- Les Claypool got you back into it . Copeland : Yes . The Police experience in the studio was so horrendous that my two colleagues actually managed temporarily to convince me that I had no talent and I was a menace to music . And I was distracted by composing . ... I wanted to play with all of those toys , and needed to shake off the rhythm label . And I think I was successful in doing that , to the detriment of my drumming career . CNN : Was picking up the sticks again like riding a bike ? Copeland : Absolutely . The rhythm is still there . The pulse is still strong . The persnickety bits -- the finesse -- that took awhile to come back . CNN : You mention getting together with all-star bands with others -- Gene Simmons , Stephen Stills -- at your son 's school . Is that common in L.A. ? Copeland : Well , in Los Angeles in the west side here , there are three or four schools where all the alpha types send their kids . Between the three schools , we have all of the glitterati . CNN : Do you still find yourself a fan in those situations , seeing musicians you admire ? Copeland : Not really . I 'll get completely filled with fan fervor in listening to the music , but I 've just learned so many times that the person is not the music . ... And also at these schools , everything is extremely downplayed . All of these alpha wives of these luminaries -- and the female luminaries themselves -- all go down to Gap especially to buy their school clothes . No bling , Gap clothing . It 's all extremely dressed down and un-ostentatious . CNN : Is there a favorite or least favorite Police song you do ? Do you get so that you think , "  If I have to play ` Roxanne ' one more time ... " Copeland : No , I still enjoy playing "  Roxanne . " ... Some songs are more of a mountain to climb physically , -LSB- like -RSB- "  When the World Is Running Down . " Andy takes a guitar solo that is so stratospheric , climbs so high and has such power , I get carried away . By the time he 's finished , I am done . And I realize that I 've just burnt every calorie , and I 've got another 45 minutes of set to play . CNN : People do n't realize how physically demanding it is . Copeland : But the thing is , when you 're doing it , you 're hardly aware of it as well , because you 're sustained by 80,000 people freaking out . ... I do n't want to get all metaphysical here or nothin ' , but something definitely happens . You are definitely empowered by the power of that huge audience . ... It pumps you up .	Stewart Copeland writes about his life in new book , "  Strange Things Happen " Copeland says he and Sting get along fine when music is n't involved Besides , he says , group 's "  sensitive " songs helped by "  madman " in trio Copeland grew up in Middle East , says rhythms of region part of his roots
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A rare Lincoln manuscript sold for $ 3.4 million on Thursday at Sotheby 's auction house . The 1864 letter in which Abraham Lincoln replies to the abolitionist pleas of 195 young boys and girls was bought by a private American collector over the phone . The sale of the letter , from the Dr. Robert Small Trust , set a record for a Lincoln manuscript , a presidential manuscript and any American manuscript ever auctioned , Sotheby 's spokeswoman Susan Ollinick said . The "  Little People 's Petition " had asked Lincoln "  to free all the little slave children of this country . " Lincoln wrote , "  Please tell these little people I am very glad their young hearts are so full of just and generous sympathy and that , while I have not the power to grant all they ask , I trust they will remember that God has , and that , as it seems , He wills to do it . " Although Lincoln 's Emancipation Proclamation had declared freedom for all slaves held in areas "  in rebellion " against the United States as of January 1 , 1863 , full abolition of slavery was not accomplished until adoption of the 13th Amendment to the Constitution late in 1865 . The letter had been expected to sell for $ 3 million to $ 5 million . About 20 Lincoln documents were among the 111 items for sale from the Small Trust . Also included were other documents from U.S. presidents , including pages from George Washington 's diary and correspondence from Thomas Jefferson and John Adams ; a rare document signed by both Meriwether Lewis and William Clark ; about 10 documents from Robert E. Lee ; and documents from John Brown , Samuel Clemens , Orville Wright and others . E-mail to a friend	Letter is president 's reply to children asking him to free slaves It was expected to sell for $ 3 million to $ 5 million Private American collector purchased letter over the phone
Berlin  CNN  -- Germany 's constitutional court has strengthened the rights of gay and lesbian couples , giving them a same tax benefit as heterosexual married couples . The ruling , which came Wednesday , comes as the country is mired in an escalating debate on the status of homosexual partnerships . The court ruled that gay couples who have entered into a "  registered partnership , " the German legal phrase for relationships similar to marriage , must be exempted from the country 's land transfer tax just like straight married couples , according to a court news release . The verdict comes as Germany 's politicians are generally debating taxation for same-sex couples . Angela Merkel 's governing conservative Christian Democratic Union  CDU  has traditionally been against tax equality for homosexual partnerships . But recently , 13 members of the party called for an expansion of tax rights for same-sex couples . The group wrote that it feels it is not acceptable that "  politics time and again has to be ordered by the constitutional court to abolish inequalities . " Kristina Schroder , Germany 's minister for family affairs and also a member of the CDU , has signaled support for the push , saying , "  the suggestion comes at exactly the right time . In homosexual partnerships , people take long-term responsibility for each other . They are living conservative values , " she told German newspaper Sueddeutsche Zeitung . However , more conservative members of the CDU have voiced concern about the matter , and German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble said at a recent news conference that he does not see an urgent need to revise the country 's tax laws . Vicious criticism has come from the Christian Social Union , the Bavarian sister party of Merkel 's CDU , which is also part of Germany 's federal government . "  The marriage of man and woman is under special protection because it is fundamentally oriented toward creating new life . This is not the case in homosexual relationships , " the CSU 's whip in Germany 's parliament , Gerda Hasselfeldt , told ARD television . The third partner in Germany 's governing coalition , the Liberal Democrats , have long been fighting for tax equality for homosexual couples . In a statement on its website , the party says it welcomes additional members of Merkel 's party joining its ranks in the debate . German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle , the former head of the Liberal Democrats , has recently come out as being gay . He lives in a registered partnership with his partner , Michael Mronz . The German government , then under Social Democratic Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder , passed a law in August 2001 to create registered partnerships that gave homosexual couple rights similar to those of married couples . But gays and lesbians still face tax inequalities , especially in the field of income taxes . Germany 's constitutional court also has cases pending against Germany 's current treatment of gays and lesbians in the income tax system .	Ruling comes as the country is mired in a debate on gay rights It says couples in registered partnerships can get a similar tax break as married couples Angela Merkel 's ruling party has opposed tax equality for those in homosexual partnerships
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Supreme Court has rejected a condemned Georgia inmate 's request that his execution be delayed as he attempts to prove his "  actual innocence . " The justices without comment on Monday turned aside two separate appeals from Troy Davis , likely setting the stage for the state to set another execution date . Davis has gained international support for his long-standing claim he did not murder an off-duty Savannah police officer more than two decades ago . Monday 's ruling is the latest in a case that is procedurally complex but , legally , a simple claim of innocence . Davis was granted a stay of execution by the U.S. Supreme Court two hours before he was to be put to death in 2008 , and the court in 2009 ordered the federal District Court to take another look at the case . That court , after holding a hearing to review evidence , ruled in August that Davis "  failed to show actual innocence " in the case . The District Court suggested that , for procedural reasons , Davis should take his appeal of its ruling directly to the Supreme Court . Davis ended up filing with both the 11th Circuit and the Supreme Court . The 11th Circuit deflected the appeal in November , saying it agreed with the district court that the Supreme Court was the correct place for the filing . Davis then took his case to the U.S. Supreme Court in January , filing two pleas . One sought review of the Georgia federal judge 's rejection of the innocence claim , and the other asked for a test of the 11th Circuit 's refusal to review the case . The justices on Monday turned down both pleas without comment . Davis ' sister said Monday that she is "  very disappointed " by the Supreme Court 's rejection . Martina Correia-Davis said Davis ' attorney told her they would continue to pursue all possible legal options , including a possible re-petition of the Georgia State Board of Parole . She said she had not spoken to Davis about Monday 's decision but expected his attorney to call him soon . Correia-Davis said she does n't want the case to be moved back to Savannah , where Davis was tried and convicted for the 1989 murder , because she does n't think he will "  get a fair chance " there . Witnesses said Davis , then 19 , and two others were harassing a homeless man in a Burger King parking lot when off-duty officer Mark MacPhail came to the man 's assistance . They testified that Davis shot MacPhail twice and fled . Since Davis ' conviction in 1991 , seven of the nine witnesses against him have recanted their testimony . No physical evidence was presented linking Davis to the killing of the policeman . But upon reviewing Davis ' claims of innocence , the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Georgia found in August that Davis "  vastly overstates the value of his evidence of innocence . " "  Some of the evidence is not credible and would be disregarded by a reasonable juror , " Judge William T. Moore wrote in a 172-page opinion . "  Other evidence that Mr. Davis brought forward is too general to provide anything more than smoke and mirrors , " the court found . Amnesty International , which is monitoring the case , expressed disappointment Monday that the Supreme Court had rejected the appeals . "  It appears that the justice system is comfortable allowing someone to be executed when there are lingering doubts about guilt in the case . No objective person could confidently determine that Davis is guilty beyond a reasonable doubt from the evidence available now in his case . That leaves an ominous cloud hanging over an irreversible sentence such as the death penalty , " the international human rights group said in a statement . "  The Georgia Board of Pardons and Paroles , as the final fail-safe , has the opportunity to commute his sentence to life and prevent the possibility of executing an innocent person . " Prominent figures ranging from the pope to the musical group Indigo Girls have asked Georgia to grant Davis a new trial . Other supporters include celebrities Susan Sarandon and Harry Belafonte ; world leaders such as former President Jimmy Carter and former Archbishop Desmond Tutu ; and former and current U.S. lawmakers Bob Barr , Carol Moseley Braun and John Lewis . CNN Supreme Court Producer Bill Mears contributed to this report .	The justices turned aside without comment two appeals from Troy Davis The action likely sets the stage for the state to set another execution date The ruling is latest in case that is procedurally complex but , legally , a simple innocence claim
CNN  -- Manchester United fought back from two-goals down to defeat rivals Manchester City 3-2 in a thrilling Community Shield at Wembley , the traditional opener to the English Premier League . Champions United and FA Cup winners City are expected to be challenging for the title come next May -- and both teams showed exceptional quality in an end-to-end encounter that thrilled the 77,000 crowd . City had beaten their neighbors 1-0 when they last faced each other at Wembley , in April 's FA Cup semifinal , and Roberto Mancini 's big-spenders looked to be heading towards a similar result with two goals in the space of seven first-half minutes . The opener came in the 38th minute when David Silva curled in a delightful free-kick from the right and defender Joleon Lescott rose above the United defence to head past debutant goalkeeper David De Gea . And , on the stroke of half-time , City extended their advantage when Bosnian striker Edin Dzeko picked up the ball just inside the United half and was allowed to run unchallenged before firing a low 25-year shot that swerved away from De Gea . But United manager Alex Ferguson made five changes for the second half and the result was that his team dominated the second 45 minutes . Defender Chris Smalling reduced the deficit in the 52nd minute when side-footing home an Ashley Young free-kick . And United drew level six minutes later with a stunning one-touch move that involved Wayne Rooney and Tom Cleverley that resulted in Nani flicking the ball over England goalkeeper Joe Hart . Then , with the match heading towards a penalty shoot-out , United snatched victory with virtually the final kick . A City attack , which ended with Dzeko missing a close-range header , resulted in United clearing the ball out of defence . But , with seemingly no danger , City defenders Gael Clichy and Vincent Kompany displayed indecision , allowing Nani to rob the ball from Kompany 's feet . The Portuguese winger then ran unchallenged towards City 's goal , before rounding Hart and sliding the ball into an empty net to secure United a dramatic last - gasp victory . The result will give United a major boost ahead of next weekend 's opening round of fixtures -- will the last four Community Shield winners all going on to lift the Premier League title .	Manchester United beat Manchester City 3-2 in Community Shield at Wembley City took a 2-0 first-half lead before United fought back with three second half goals Nani scores United 's winner in the final minute after a City defensive mistake
Washington  CNN  -- The acting head of the Transportation Security Administration gingerly answered questions Thursday about whether new full-body imaging machines will detect concealed explosives like that allegedly placed in the underwear of the Christmas Day bomber . The deployment of 150 of those machines in front-line use at 11 U.S. airports is to be announced Friday by Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano , TSA officials say . "  Would this machine have detected a bomb on that person ? " Rep. Hal Rogers , R-Kentucky , asked Gale Rossides , the agency 's acting administrator . "  Without going into the specifics of that because of the ongoing criminal investigation , I can tell you that the experience we 've had both in the labs and in our -LSB- field tests -RSB- , our officers are identifying objects on the body that are comparable to what that threat was , " Rossides said . "  Every time ? " Rogers asked . "  Our officers are doing a very good job , " Rossides answered . "  Every time ? " Rogers pressed . "  I 'd have to get back to you , but you know we have very , very good measures in place for evaluating our officers , " she said . After several unrelated questions , Rogers asked one more question about the machine 's capabilities . "  Is this machine the end-all ? " he asked . "  This machine gives us an increased detection capability that is significantly greater than what we have at the checkpoint today , " she said , adding that her agency is "  driving the manufacturers " to improve the technology . Rossides testified that the full-body imagers -- which see through clothes , producing a ghostly image of a traveler 's body -- will not reveal objects hidden in body cavities . But she said imagers are better at detecting concealed items than a pat down . "  Today , we do not do a full-body pat down that goes into the sensitive parts of the body where that -LSB- Christmas Day bomb -RSB- was secreted , " Rossides said . On Friday , Napolitano will announce the first deployment of whole-body imagers as a standard part of checkpoint equipment . Though 40 machines have been deployed at 19 airports nationwide in field tests , Friday 's announcement will mark the official beginning of the program , TSA officials said . The new machines will be deployed this weekend in Boston , Massachusetts , and Chicago , Illinois , the agency said Wednesday . It will reveal the remaining airports Friday . The 150 new machines were purchased last fall with federal stimulus money . The agency hopes to deploy nearly 500 units by the end of the year . Under existing protocols , full-body scans are optional at airport checkpoints . Travelers who decline the scans are funneled to a location where they may be given a pat-down and subjected to other tests , such as swabs that can detect minute traces of explosives on hands or luggage . The TSA said most passengers prefer a body scan to a pat-down . But others have objected to the body scans , calling them electronic strip searches . Rossides testified that the machines will not significantly slow the passenger screening process , saying it will be done at the same time as the carry-on baggage screening . The agency has spent years testing whole body imagers . Plans to deploy them this year were given added urgency after the arrest of a Nigerian man , Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , who was accused of attempted to detonate an explosive sewn into his underwear aboard a flight December 25 .	Homeland security chief to announce deployment of 150 machines Acting TSA head questioned about their ability to detect concealed explosives Agency hopes to deploy 500 such imagers by end of year
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- International flights to the Indonesian island of Bali were canceled Friday because of volcanic ash , according to a transportation official . Mount Bromo in East Java has been erupting since late last year . Although the threat level was downgraded recently , it continues to spew out ash columns , according to the Indonesian Volcanology and Geological Hazard Mitigation agency . East Java is in close proximity to Bali . A volcanic ash monitoring center in Darwin , in northern Australia , issued a Notice to Airmen warning that the ash could affect aviation . That prompted all international airlines to cancel flights . International flights of the airlines Cathay Pacific , Virgin Blue , Jetstar and Value were affected , said Bambang Ervan , spokesman of the Transportation Ministry . Domestic flights were not canceled , as the they may go through another air route that is deemed safer , officials said . "  Our team and also the  Bali 's  Ngurah Rai Airport team is still monitoring the conditions at the airport , " Ervan said . Airlines are asking passengers to check flights before the scheduled date of departure for updates .	An ash cloud has affected flights to the Indonesian island of Bali Several airlines have canceled international flights
CNN  -- News stories saying authorities thwarted a plot to bomb the U.S. Embassy in Mexico are not true , the Mexican secretary of the navy said Tuesday . At least two Mexican media outlets published a supposed internal report on the plot that had been leaked to the media . But the navy said the report is "  fake . " In a statement released Tuesday afternoon , only hours after the news stories were published , the navy said it "  categorically rejects the authorship of the alleged report in possession of some media outlets . " "  The print seals and watermarks that appear on the document , as well as its format , do not correspond to the ones utilized by this federal government agency , " the release read . The secretary of the navy reported in June 2010 that four people had been detained for allegedly being in possession of 20 kilograms of explosives in the Roma neighborhood of Mexico City . According to the stories published by the two Mexican media outlets , the finding was related to a plot by the Somali terrorist group Al-Shabaab to attack the U.S. Embassy in Mexico City . Reports of a possible explosives cache came to the U.S. State Department in June 2010 , according to a State Department source . A Somali citizen was arrested , but when Mexican authorities looked into the matter , they found nothing conclusive , said the source , who asked not to be identified . The suspect was then released , the source said . The Mexican president 's office and the Mexican Embassy in Washington told CNN they had no information regarding the alleged plot . Officials with the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives in Washington also denied any knowledge of the report .	NEW : A source at the U.S. State Department says a Somali citizen was arrested in 2010 and released Two Mexican media outlets publish a supposed report on a plot to bomb the U.S. Embassy The report alleges an arrest in June 2010 broke up the plot The Mexican secretary of the navy says the report is a fake
CNN  -- The slayings of two super-yacht staff within two weeks have shaken the luxury yacht industry and sparked calls for crews to exercise extreme caution . Australian luxury yacht captain Drew Gollan was killed in January in English Harbor , Antigua . Both slayings occurred in popular yachting destinations in the Caribbean and involved violent attacks . Last week , U.S. luxury yacht chef Sara Kuszak , of Savannah , Georgia , was killed after being abducted during a morning run in Puerto Rico . The body of Kuszak , who was five months pregnant , was found with a slashed throat in a field . A local man has been arrested by police in connection with the incident . On January 22 , Australian Drew Gollan , captain of Perini Navi yacht Perseus , was shot dead in what was described as a "  failed robbery " in English Harbor , Antigua . Gollan , 38 , was described as a "  widely respected member of the yachting community . " His death came less than a year after the double killing of a British couple on the island . Suspects have been arrested and charged with murder in both cases . Antigua , in particular , is highly dependent on the luxury yacht industry to boost its local economy -- and it appears news of the crimes is already having a negative impact . In a press release , the Antigua Charter Yacht Meeting acknowledged that "  a number of boats have decided to leave Antigua in the wake of this incident . " Further reports from yachting magazine SuperYachtWorld suggest several captains on the island have also decided to leave . Meanwhile , luxury yacht staff who are remaining in the Caribbean have been urged by industry Web site yotcru.com to "  exercise vigilant personal safety at all times . " After the death of Gollan , local Antigua politicians and yacht industry representatives held an emergency meeting to discuss the problem . At the meeting , the prime minister of Antigua and Barbuda , Baldwin Spencer , said : "  Antigua is still a safe place to be . It 's an unfortunate situation , however we are all hoping that justice will be done , " SuperYachtWorld reported . Spencer also pledged new security efforts to help prevent future crimes . An international charter company manager and luxury yacht industry expert , Els Bucknell , said yacht crews and clients were "  shocked and saddened " by the deaths , and there would likely be a short-term impact on the Caribbean region . "  Most people assumed that this part of Antigua was safe and I think it has come as a shock , " she said . "  Some boats have already left and I think you will see some of that . " However , Bucknell felt the incident would not affect the region in the long term . "  People do forget about these things over time ... and the local business people with police and other authorities have made a serious attempt to make it safer . "  The economy being the way it is has more to do with how business operates than these kind of things , " she said .	Australian captain Drew Gollan shot dead in Antigua on January 22 U.S. yacht chef Sara Kuszak was abducted and killed in Puerto Rico last week Reports indicate some yachts and crew members leaving Caribbean
CNN  -- Defending champion Marc Marquez took an early stranglehold on this year 's MotoGP title race by leading a Honda one-two at the Circuit of Americas in Texas Sunday . Marquez , who won the season-opener in Qatar , dominated practice and qualifying and was untroubled in the race proper , winning by nearly five seconds . Teammate Dani Pedrosa finished second , nearly five seconds adrift , with Ducati 's Andrea Dovizioso completing the podium . Marquez , who broke his leg in an accident a month before the season , has a maximum 50 points from two races with Pedrosa on 36 points . MotoGP legend Valentino Rossi , who claimed a promising second in Qatar , could only manage eighth in America on his Yamaha , struggling with grip on his front tires . Rossi 's teammate , two-time world champion Jorge Lorenzo of Spain , had to make a jump start from fifth on the grid and he finished 10th after a ride through penalty . Stefan Bradl finished fourth on his Honda with rookie Bradley Smith in a fine fifth ahead of Yamaha teammate Aleix Espargaro . Earlier , Spain 's Maverick Vinales won his first career Moto2 race and Australian teenager Jack Millerw took his second successive victory in Moto3 .	Marc Marquez wins U.S. MotoGP in Texas Second straight win at Circuit of Americas for title holder Repsol Honda teammate Dani Pedrosa finishes second Marquez two wins from two in 2014 title race
Mike Galanos hosts "  Prime News " from 5 to 7 p.m. ET Mondays through Fridays on HLN . "  Prime News " uses the day 's most powerful headlines as a starting point for diverse perspectives , spirited debate and your points of view . Mike Galanos says coaches need to be smart and know when to alter practices because of hot weather . ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- We love our football in this country , do n't we ? Whether it 's watching the pee-wees or the pros , there 's nothing like taking in a game on a crisp fall afternoon . You see your breath as you stand and cheer the pop of the pads or the last-minute touchdown . I love this game so much , I cried when I knew I was n't big enough or fast enough to play anymore . Many of us share that same passion . And we should share in the grief when a 15-year-old boy dies because of a football practice . We have to learn from the death of Max Gilpin so something like this never happens again -- because it could happen to any of our kids . It was a hot , humid day in August 2008 in Louisville , Kentucky . Max and his Pleasure Ridge Park High School teammates were wrapping up the second of two practices that day . They finished with a grueling round of "  gassers , " or sprints . Max 's body was breaking down , and he did n't even know it . The sophomore collapsed . His body temperature had reached 107 degrees . He died three days later . So who is to blame for this needless tragedy ? Was the coach irresponsible in pushing his players so hard on such a hot day ? Prosecutors thought that was the case . So for the first time , a football coach faced criminal charges and had to go to trial for the death of one of his players . David Stinson was charged with reckless homicide and wanton endangerment . The state accused the coach of denying players water and even forcing them to run extra sprints as punishment on that hot August day . The coach 's defense presented witnesses who said Max complained of not feeling well before practice even began and others who said the fact that he was on Adderall contributed to his high body temperature . In the end , a jury acquitted Stinson of any charges related to Max 's death . From the moment I heard about this case , I never thought Stinson would be convicted . The charges were too harsh , and no jury would believe that he knowingly and maliciously put a player in a position that would lead to his death . But I think it is a good thing that this trial took place , and I hope coaches across the country now think twice about how they run their practices and whether they are putting our kids in danger . Sadly , Max is not the first such tragic case . According to the Annual Survey of Football Injury Research , 39 football players have died from heat stroke since 1995 ; 29 of them were playing for high school teams  the others were college and professional players and one sandlot incident  . The first thing we need to do to reduce the risk of any more heat-related deaths is to make sure a doctor gives our kids a full physical examination before they take the field . That means we go beyond listening to the high school freshman 's heart and making him turn and cough . One doctor on my show , "  Prime News , " said we should give them an EKG , and I agree . An electrocardiogram is n't expensive , and having one before a high school player 's first season would help doctors diagnose pre-existing conditions . Second , every coach should monitor how hot it is before and during practice . A heat index monitor costs less than $ 150 , and that is a small price to pay for safety . Let 's look at what Stinson was dealing with in Kentucky . The Kentucky High School Athletic Association guidelines say that if the heat index is above 95 , practice is altered . The heat index the day of Max 's death was one degree away , at 94 . Two questions off that : Should the temperature be lowered to 92 or 90 ? And what happens when we alter practice ? It should mean that helmets and shoulder pads come off , unless players are tackling . Regardless of the answers , put the rules in place so all coaches know and are on the same playing field . Another thing to consider is how many times a team should practice during the scorching hot dog days of August . There is usually a "  hell " week in there , when a team practices two times per day . I have no problem with that as long as a coach is smart about how hot it is out there . Six years ago , the National Collegiate Athletic Association forced college football teams to cut back two-a-day practices , especially at the start of the season , so players could become acclimatized to hot and humid weather . Going along with that , the National Athletic Trainers ' Association advocates starting off with one-a-day practices and then two-a-days with a one-a-day in between . The last thing , and this could be the most important , is to never deny a player water . According to the Centers for Disease Control , one of the best ways to prevent a heat-related illness is through proper hydration . So if a player is asking for a drink , give it to him . The goal in all this is not to restrict coaches or how we practice football but to make sure we never have another story like Max Gilpin 's . The sadness of seeing his mom sobbing in a courtroom as she had to relive her son 's death was just heartbreaking . We do n't want another coach on trial . Stinson has said Max 's death is a burden he will live with for the rest of his life , and I hope his story , and Max 's tragic death , bring about needed changes to the game we love . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mike Galanos .	Thirty-nine football players have died from heat stroke since 1995 15-year-old Max Gilpin collapsed during football practice and died three days later Mike Galanos : The goal is n't to restrict coaches but to keep kids safe
TV history will be made Sunday night with the premiere of "  Devious Maids , " the first prime-time program featuring an all-Latina leading cast . But even before the first episode has aired , the Lifetime show is receiving a slew of criticism . Marc Cherry of "  Desperate Housewives " is the creator and executive producer , and he 's joined by two fellow "  Housewives " alums : Sabrina Wind and Eva Longoria . The soapy comedy-drama is about five Latina maids who work for wealthy families and dream of a better life . The pilot opens with a Beverly Hills hostess scolding her maid : "  I think what you people do is heroic . You wash clothes you ca n't afford . You polish silver you will never dine with . You mop floors for people who do n't bother to learn your name , " finally ending with , "  That said , if you do n't stop screwing my husband , I 'm going to have you deported . " "  Devious Maids " is loosely based on a Mexican telenovela "  Ellas son la Alegría del Hogar , " and stars Judy Reyes  "  Scrubs "  , Dania Ramirez  "  Premium Rush "  , Ana Ortiz  "  Ugly Betty "  and Roselyn Sanchez  "  Chasing Papi "  . Newcomer Edy Ganem plays Reyes ' daughter . Recently , some in the Latino community have expressed their disappointment for the show , calling it a "  wasted opportunity " in that it will only perpetuate the ongoing issue in Hollywood that Latinas can play only stereotypical roles such as maids , gardeners and nannies . "  It is not wrong to be a maid , or even a Latina maid , " wrote Alisa Valdes-Rodriguez , author of "  The Dirty Girls Social Club , " in an opinion piece , "  but there is something very wrong with an American entertainment industry that continually tells Latinas that this is all they are or can ever be . " Longoria responded to the backlash on The Huffington Post : "  I take pride in the fact that these characters are not one dimensional or limited to their job title . As the minority becomes the majority and the United States becomes more diverse , it is important that the protagonists on television embody this diversity . " "  However , " she continued , "  television is a business . If we do n't support shows that have diverse content , we wo n't see shows with diverse content ! They will simply go away , and the hurdles to make the next show with diversity will be even more challenging . " Michelle Herrera Mulligan , editor in chief of Cosmopolitan for Latinas , countered : "  Well , Eva , I 've watched the show , and I 'm genuinely sad to say that I disagree . It 's not a complex portrait ; it 's an insulting disgrace . " "  I saw the first -LSB- episode -RSB- and thought it was annoying , " Valdes-Rodriguez said . "  I just do n't like the flamenco guitar tone every time there 's a Latina on the screen . It 's very unimaginative and predictable . I have no interest in the show at all . " The National Hispanic Media Coalition is supporting the show , stating members of the coalition watched the pilot and saw nothing wrong . They said if Lifetime were depicting Latinas in negative stereotypical roles , the coaliton would be the first ones to criticize the show . "  Some of the issues that Latinos go through in this country is characterized by each of these maids , things they are trying to overcome , " said Alex Nogales , executive director of the coalition , interview with CNN . "  If I came from a poor migrant experience , does that mean that story does n't get told ? That 's silly . " Part of the criticism is the frustration that Hispanics do n't have more characters on television that represent them as nurses , doctors and lawyers . Nogales says that to imagine Latinos being represented on-screen as successful professionals before telling the immigrant stories of hardship , assimilation and struggle first just wo n't work . Actress Ramirez said on a phone interview with CNN that Cherry has hired two Latina writers , Gloria Calderon and Tanya Saracho , "  to make sure that the Latino voices were really present and heard . " "  We have , as Latina maids , been portrayed on television and movies , but none of them have been humanized , " she said . "  None of them are real life stories , choosing to take this role is more interesting to me because I get to tell a story of struggle . " For Ramirez , playing the role of Rosie Falta on the show strikes an emotional chord . Her character is a widow who left her son back in Mexico when her husband died and is working as a maid to help bring him to America . "  Not only do I tell this real compelling immigrant story , but I get to tap into my own experience because my parents had to leave me as an infant with my older sister , Danilda , back in the Dominican Republic and that took a lot of courage , " Ramirez said . Ramirez 's mother worked as a clothing factory worker but was a nurse back in the Dominican Republic , and her father was a taxi driver , although he was a chemist back in his home country . "  Now , I finally have a chance to portray the stories of the older generation , " said Ramirez . "  If we are going to tackle Hollywood , then we need to educate Hollywood first . You got ta start there . " However , Valdes-Rodriguez says that people form their idea of reality by what they see on television . She used the racist comments about the boy from San Antonio who sang the national anthem at the NBA finals as an example of people "  who do n't know anything about Latinos ' different cultures . " "  I would advise those people to take a closer look at the people who attacked this boy ... where did they get the idea that we 're all illegal immigrants ? Well , the opening of the pilot episode of ` Devious Maids ' has a boss threatening to deport one of the maids . Is this the only image Hollywood sees of us ? " Ramirez hopes audiences see that the leading ladies on "  Devious Maids " as more than maids who are not defined by their jobs who happen to be Latina . Even though Ramirez has played every role from "  the hot girl " to a superhero , she asks audiences , "  how is that better ? "	For the first time on TV , there 'll be a prime-time program featuring all Latina leads Lifetime 's new drama has already received a slew of negative criticism Eva Longoria and actress Dania Ramirez defend show Some do n't see show as an opportunity for Latinos in Hollywood
CNN  -- Returning home from the London 2012 Paralympic Games , I discovered the level of U.S. media coverage for a global sports event . Ten days of competition , 21 sports , and 503 events crammed into five-and-a-half hours of coverage . To think that we have 227 athletes who just returned home after representing Team USA at the largest Paralympic Games in history , where 2.7 million tickets were sold , and most Americans did n't even know about it . That hits home personally , not only because I am a Paralympian , but because four-and-a-half years ago I was like most Americans and did n't know about the Paralympics . Opinion : The Paralympics were brilliant , why were n't you watching ? Before I was paralyzed , I did n't so much as know the word Paralympics even existed . I was raised in a well educated household in Minnesota , but I knew nothing about the Paralympics until after my paralysis in 2008 . After I was paralyzed swimming saved me ; swimming gave me hope again and allowed me to believe in what my future could hold . From disaster to triumph : A week in the life of Mallory Weggemann Swimming , and being involved in the Paralympics , changed my life and changed me as a person . Silent voices I saw how getting involved in not only the Paralympics , but athletics changed my life . I have heard countless stories of amazing ability that my fellow Team USA teammates displayed . But how many of them were and are heard ? How many Paralympians are household names in the United States ? How many households are aware of the Paralympics ? The biggest difference I noticed though was the appreciation for Paralympic athletes overseas . During the Paralympics , when I left the village and went into London , people knew about the Games , not just knew about them but respected them and were following them . The media coverage was totally different there . You could n't turn on the television without seeing it , much like it is during the Olympics here in the States . For me it is my hope that I can continue to help push the Paralympic movement forward for generations of athletes to come , just as those before me paved the way for opportunities I have been fortunate enough to experience . So it is a weird feeling being back home . Four years of waiting and working and just like that it is all over . I have spent time at home unpacking and organizing my things and it feels like yesterday I was packing my bags for the start of this adventure . I trained for four-and-a-half years and it is already over . I am back home and making plans as to what I do next , starting to plan my next four years as I begin training for the Rio 2016 Games . Overcoming adversity I will be honest , coming home from London is n't what I expected it to be . My goal was to come home as the Games ' most successful athlete ; my goal was to bring home nine gold medals . As I got on the plane to return to Minnesota I carried one gold medal and one bronze , but I carried them with pride . What I had to go through to earn both of those medals makes them more meaningful than nine golds ever could be . That medal represents more than just a winning performance . That one gold medal represents hope , belief , overcoming adversity , a dream and my supporters who backed me throughout the entire journey . When I look at it I see everything I went through to get it , the ups and the downs , the joy and the pain . When I look at my gold medal , I see a dream that I made four-and-a-half years ago and the journey it took to achieve that dream . In life we all make plans . We have this idea of how things are supposed to go and when they do n't go according to plan we often find ourselves disappointed . I feel that it is in those moments that we find who we are . Life does n't go according to a plan . We can map it out , we can plan it , we can even envision it but often we find that life has a plan of its own . My life this past month had a plan of its own . It did n't matter that I had planned that moment for the past four years , it did n't matter that I had done everything in my power to try and control the situation . When the day came to a close the plan I had envisioned was n't the plan that life had for me . Bubble Over these past few weeks , as I have tried to understand what happened and make sense of it all , I have realized everything happens for a reason . There is a reason I was reclassified in London , there is a reason life threw me another curve ball , and there is a reason I am sitting here in a wheelchair . As I came back home , I continued to reflect on London and felt many emotions . As an athlete I have put a lot of thought into what I can do different next time . What can I change in my preparations over these next four years before the Rio 2016 Games ? I have also found myself settling back into life . When I was in London we as athletes were in this little bubble , the village . We were away from the real world in many ways . We did n't think of what day of the week it was or what the date was , we thought of what day of competition it was . Most of us were cut off from the real world because our lovely cell phones did n't work internationally . But then we return home and real life hits . You no longer are completely focused on competition ; you are no longer surrounded by other athletes in the bubble . You are home .	Swimmer Mallory Weggemann won gold in the women 's S8 50m freestyle The 23-year-old also took bronze as part of the 4 x 100m medley relay 34 points Weggemann hopes to raise the profile of the Paralympic movement in the U.S. The U.S. sent a team of 227 people to the London 2012 Paralympic Games
Tunis , Tunisia  CNN  -- Tunisia 's interim president and prime minister resigned from the ousted leader 's ruling party , state TV said Tuesday , a move seen as a gesture to placate angry street demonstrators and keep the unity government afloat . But at least four ministers from opposition parties have pulled back from the new government , leaving some observers concerned that the coalition may collapse before it can set up new elections . President Fouad Mebazaa and Prime Minister Mohammed Ghannouchi submitted their resignations from the Constitutional Democratic Rally , which was the ruling party of Zine El Abidine Ben Ali -- now in exile in Saudi Arabia . Members of the opposition and the Ben Ali party formed a unity government to replace the ousted president , but there have been difficulties in getting that administration going because protesters are demanding that more should be done to sweep the old guard out of power . The displeasure was reflected Tuesday in central Tunis , when roving packs of protesters staged demonstrations and up to 1,000 protesters took to the streets of the capital and called the country 's new unity government a sham . The opposition parties were listening . Lotfi Al Ahwal , a senior member of the General Union of Tunisian Workers , confirmed that the union 's administrative committee is calling for all of its members to resign from the recently formed unity government . Three ministers have already stepped down , Al Ahwal said . The union 's administrative committee , which met Tuesday in a Tunisian suburb , decided not to accept any government that has officials from the old regime and called for demonstrations against the ruling party . Another opposition leader , Mustafa Ben Jaafar , was to serve as health minister in the new government but suspended his participation in the united government , his spokesman , Abudallah Tif , told CNN Tuesday . The move by the interim president and prime minister was seen as a way to disassociate themselves from the old guard and salvage the new government . Earlier , Ghannouchi said in an interview with Europe 1 radio that some officials from the old regime kept their positions "  because we need them in this time of building democracy . " "  All ministers who have retained their jobs have clean hands and they are very competent . They also have a merit . With their dedication , they have succeeded in reducing the destructive capacity of some areas , " he said . He emphasized that a new election will take place in six months and will be the first to be held in a free Tunisia . Ghannouchi also said that "  we will not forgive " those responsible for wrongful shootings , including people who may have been personal officers of Ben Ali , and that "  all those who were behind this massacre will be held responsible . " Weeks of demonstrations have left 78 dead and 94 wounded , the government said . Many of the injured were police officers , according to the country 's interior minister . It was not immediately clear how many may have been shot by those affiliated with Ben Ali . Ghannouchi -- who said the military did n't shoot people -- emphasized that he never gave any order for police to shoot people and only allowed tear gas and rubber bullets . When peaceful gatherings started to grow in size , witnesses said , police would step in and start firing tear gas and chase protesters with their batons . At least a half dozen people were beaten , witnesses said , and one man 's arm was broken . At the same time , more people began going back to work and more businesses were opening Tuesday , as many tried to restore a sense of normalcy despite the unrest permeating certain places in the restive country . But many others remained angry about the country 's new unity government , saying they do n't want it to include anyone from the old administration , which fell apart after Ben Ali fled last week . "  No leftovers from the old regime ! " protesters chanted . Ghannouchi 's 19-member cabinet was to include three opposition leaders and 10 independents , he announced Monday . The new government will be tasked with leading Tunisia toward new elections , he said . Opposition leaders Ahmad Ibrahim and Ahmad Najib Al Shabi were named to serve as education minister and minister of local development , respectively . Monsef al Marzouki , the leader of Tunisia 's National Congress Party -- a leftist and secularist movement that was banned by Ben Ali 's ruling party -- returned to Tunisia from exile in Paris to cheers from demonstrators at the Tunis-Carthage International Airport . Among the holdovers from the previous government is Ahmed Friaa , the interior minister . Friaa has vowed that those who should be held responsible for mistakes of the past will be punished . Hager Ben Mahmoud , a 34-year-old bid manager at a software company , told CNN that normalcy is creeping back , with banks , shops and grocery stores in Tunis starting to reopen . But the military is ever-present . "  There are still a couple of demonstrations because people are against the fact that older members of the political party  will remain  in power , " she said . She said that the Tunisian workers union is asking people to go back to work in order to get things back to normal . In the city of Sfax , Tunisian State TV said , all of the the shops , pharmacies , cafes and most banks are open as usual . Unlike the previous two days , no demonstrations had taken place in Sfax Tuesday , the report said . The army is still positioned in most areas but not as prominently as in previous days . Ben Ali fled to Saudi Arabia last week after ruling the country for 23 years , following weeks of protests over what Tunisians said were poor living conditions , high unemployment , government corruption and repression . The unrest over the past several weeks was triggered in December when Mohamed Bouazizi , an unemployed college graduate , set himself ablaze after police confiscated the fruit cart that was his source of income . He died early this month . Recent diplomatic cables from the U.S. Embassy in Tunisia , disclosed by the WikiLeaks website , revealed growing discontent with what Tunisians believed was widespread corruption and nepotism within Ben Ali 's government . The unrest has stoked concern across the world , with international leaders calling for an end to violence and offering assistance to develop a Tunisian democracy , with a unity government that "  ensures a peaceful democratic transition . " "  Tunisia has reached a point of no return . The EU will stand side by side with Tunisians as they pursue their peaceful and democratic aspirations , " Catherine Ashton , the European Union foreign policy chief , and Stefan Fule , commissioner for enlargement and the European neighborhood policy , said in a statement released Tuesday . Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon underscored the EU statement , appealing "  for broad-based consultations in Tunisia to establish an inclusive interim government leading to the holding of timely and credible elections through which the citizens of Tunisia can freely choose their leadership . " "  The United Nations stands ready to provide assistance to the Tunisian people , " he said . CNN 's Ben Wedeman , Rima Maktabi , Tom Evans , Joe Sterling and Neil Curry contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 4 opposition ministers back away from unity government The president and prime minister leave Ben Ali 's old movement Angry protests erupt in Tunisia 's capital and witnesses report violence Tunisians are steadily trying to get back to a semblance of normalcy
CNN  -- Terrilynn Monette had no problem uprooting her life to help children . When the California native learned of the "  teachNOLA " program , which sends educators to New Orleans to teach in impoverished areas , she packed her bags and headed to Louisiana . "  I always wanted to be a teacher , and what better place to teach than New Orleans , where passionate teachers are needed most ? " she said in a 2011 video . Her dedication and excellence in the classroom earned her a "  Teacher of the Year " nomination in her district . But after a night celebrating the accolade with friends , the 26-year-old vanished . That was almost two weeks ago . With each passing day , her family 's anxiety compounds . "  There 's total emptiness in my life right now . I miss my daughter so , so much , no one can hardly believe the impact that she has had on our family , " said Monette 's mother , Toni Enclade . "  She 's a beautiful person . She walks in the room , she lights up with her beautiful smile . I ca n't imagine anyone that would take her away from us . " Hundreds of volunteers and police have scoured New Orleans , but are no closer to finding Monette . She left no clues behind . A night of celebration New Orleans police said she was last seen on March 2 at Parlay 's , a bar in the Lakeview area of the city . One of the bartenders working that night had to "  cut off " Monette , indicating the bartender felt she had had too much to drink and should no longer be served , bar manager Anna Boudousque said . Monette told her friends she was going to sleep in her car before driving home because she had been drinking , police said . She was seen about 4 a.m. talking to an unidentified man in the parking lot , police said . Authorities said that man has been interviewed and is not considered a suspect in the disappearance . Jefferson Parish sheriff 's deputies even used magnets and grappling hooks to search a local bayou between the bar and Monette 's home , but found no sign of her missing 2012 black Honda Accord . On Wednesday , search workers found a vehicle in the waters of Bayou St. John , but it was determined not to be Monette 's car , police said . The vehicle was discovered by Equusearch , an independent search and rescue team out of Texas that has volunteered to help police comb the lagoons and waterways of New Orleans City Park . It discovered the car using a small sonar device attached to a boat that swept the waterway . Police then sent divers down to examine the vehicle , and confirmed it did not belong to Monette . Equusearch found additional vehicles , the group said Thursday , but none fit the description of Monette 's car . Enclade said she believes someone has taken her daughter -- a new aunt -- against her will . "  Terrilynn was supposed to be the baby 's godmother , and I know she would n't have just left on her own like that , " she said . A star teacher In her first year of teaching second grade at Woodland West Elementary School , Monette turned one of the lowest-performing classes into one of the highest achieving . "  She is wonderful , she is vibrant . She is determined . She holds her students to the highest of expectations , " Principal Amy Hoyle said . "  She is very loving with her students . They are a family . " Enclade said she and her daughter usually speak every day , and it 's extremely uncharacteristic for Monette to drop out of sight . Friends and family have erected a billboard in downtown New Orleans seeking help in finding Monette . They also created a Facebook page . "  It hurts , " Monette 's aunt , Sheryl Bennett , told CNN affiliate WDSU . "  There 's a lot of danger out here . " But in her 2011 video , Monette said she had no qualms about starting her teaching career in New Orleans . "  I absolutely do not regret my decision to move out here . Becoming a teacher in New Orleans is one of the best decisions I 've ever made in my entire life . " CNN 's Nick Valencia , Tristan Smith and Michael Pearson contributed to this report .	NEW : Workers find additional vehicles , but none is the teacher 's missing Honda Accord Terrilynn Monette was last seen on March 2 at a bar in New Orleans ' Lakeview area Monette was out celebrating her "  Teacher of the Year " nomination when she vanished Principal : Monette turned a low-performing class into one of the highest achieving
A new possibility for a diplomatic solution in the standoff between Syria and the United States surfaced unexpectedly Monday as the war-torn country said it supported a proposal to hand over control of its chemical weapons . But a key question loomed : Is that a viable option or simply a stall tactic as President Bashar al-Assad 's government tries to stave off U.S. military action ? "  It 's certainly a positive development when the Russians and Syrians both make gestures towards dealing with these chemical weapons , " President Barack Obama told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer Monday . Asked whether the proposed idea was enough to avert a military strike on Syria , Obama said , "  It 's possible if it 's real . " The U.S. president spoke hours after Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Moallem told reporters in Moscow that his nation "  welcomes " a proposal that Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov made during talks on Monday . The idea : put Syria 's chemical weapons under international control to avert a U.S. military response over an alleged poison gas attack last month . "  I declare that the Syrian Arab Republic welcomes Russia 's initiative , on the basis that the Syrian leadership cares about the lives of our citizens and the security in our country , " Moallem said . "  We are also confident in the wisdom of the Russian government , which is trying to prevent an American aggression against our people . " Secretary of State John Kerry discussed a similar scenario earlier Monday , though the State Department later said that al-Assad could not be trusted to relinquish his country 's chemical stockpiles . White House spokesman Jay Carney said Washington remained "  highly skeptical " of the Syrian regime . "  The only reason why we are seeing this proposal is because of the threat of U.S. military action , " he said . Taking a ` hard look ' Obama said the United States will work with Russia and the international community "  to see if we can arrive at something that is enforceable and serious . " The United States will take a "  hard look " at the plan , deputy State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said . But "  we ca n't have this be another stalling tactic , " she said , adding that the Syrian president 's track record does n't bode well . "  Everything that Assad has done over the past two years and before has been to refuse to put his chemical weapons under international control , " she said . "  He has n't declared them . We 've repeatedly called on him to do so . And he 's ignored prohibitions against them . " Latest developments The new possibility of a diplomatic deal appeared to have started with comments from Kerry earlier Monday . Asked whether there was anything al-Assad 's government could do or offer that would stop an attack , Kerry said that al-Assad "  could turn over every single bit of his chemical weapons to the international community in the next week . " Speaking at a news conference with British Foreign Secretary William Hague , the U.S. secretary of state described that as an impossible scenario . "  He is n't about to do it , " Kerry said . "  And it ca n't be done , obviously . " U.S. official : Kerry "  clearly went off script " But as Russia and Syria later suggested that it could be done , one U.S. official called Kerry 's remarks a "  major goof , " adding that America 's top diplomat "  clearly went off script . " "  There is no one in the administration who is taking this Syria proposal seriously , " the official said . Several State Department representatives tried to clarify Kerry 's remarks later in the day , calling them a "  rhetorical argument . " "  His point was that this brutal dictator  al-Assad  with a history of playing fast and loose with the facts can not be trusted to turn over chemical weapons , otherwise he would have done so long ago , " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said . "  That 's why the world faces this moment . " Kerry 's comments caught Russia 's attention It was n't long before the remarks came up in a conversation between Lavrov and Kerry , who talked on the phone as the U.S. secretary of state flew back from London . "  I saw your comments this morning , " Lavrov said to Kerry , according to a senior State Department official . During a 14-minute conversation that had been previously scheduled , the Russian foreign minister said he would speak out about the issue but played down the idea that a proposal was on the table , the official said . Kerry told Lavrov that the United States "  is not going to ` play games , ' " the official said . "  If there is a serious proposal , we will take a look . " Hillary Clinton weighs in Could ` goof ' be solution ? The comments from Kerry and counterparts in Russia and Syria are the latest twist in an international crisis that has also become a fierce political battle in the United States . The Obama administration says the al-Assad government was behind an August 21 chemical weapons attack outside Damascus . And the U.S. president is seeking congressional approval for a military strike in response . So far he 's met resistance from lawmakers and the public who are concerned about the United States again intervening militarily in a foreign crisis . On Monday , Harf said looking at the Russian proposal does n't mean the White House is backing down from its push to get authorization to strike Syria . "  In fact , the opposite . ... . We think this is why it 's even more important that Congress votes to authorize the president to use military action against Syrian regime targets , because we can be clear that if we do n't give authorization to do so and we do n't respond , then Assad will see that as a green light to continue using these chemical weapons . " But could Kerry 's possible gaffe be the key to a diplomatic solution ? Commentator Andrew Sullivan says he hopes so . "  We have the possibility of two things : that Russia might actually act decisively to rein Assad in , and also support the only viable policy to accomplish what Obama wants -- protecting the world from these vile weapons , " Sullivan wrote Monday . "  I have no idea whether this is a serious move by Lavrov -- but it sure seems so , and it presents a fascinating non-binary option . ... Sometimes , it seems , Kerry 's incompetence strikes gold . Here 's hoping . " Whatever happens , the prospect of a diplomatic deal is likely going to make the Obama administration 's attempts to make a case before Congress even more difficult , said Michael O'Hanlon , a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution . Lawmakers who are already debating whether or not to pass resolutions authorizing military action now may want to rewrite them , he said . "  It 's going to obviously throw a monkey wrench in the gears on a number of things , " he said . There 's already been at least one delay . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid is holding off on taking steps toward a first vote . An aide said that the Russia proposal is serious and fluid enough that members do not want to lock themselves into a position on Syria just yet . An initial Senate vote on whether to authorize a military strike against Syria had been expected on Wednesday . Reaction in the United States , beyond French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said the Russian proposal "  deserves a thorough examination . " It would be acceptable under several conditions , Fabius said . Al-Assad should immediately hand over control of the weapons and allow their destruction , he said , calling for the U.N. Security Council to pass a binding resolution with "  firm consequences . " "  Since the beginning , France has set two goals : punishment and deterrence , " he said . "  That is why we are now asking specific , rapid and verifiable commitments by the Syrian regime . " Sen. Dianne Feinstein , chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee , said she would "  welcome " Lavrov 's call for Syria to transfer control of its chemical weapons "  to prevent an international strike . " "  I believe that Russia can be most effective in encouraging the Syrian president to stop any use of chemical weapons and place all his chemical munitions , as well as storage facilities , under United Nations control until they can be destroyed , " the California Democrat said . Former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said getting Syria to surrender the stockpiles "  would be an important step . " "  But this can not be another excuse for delay or obstruction , " Clinton said during an event at the White House Monday . "  And Russia has to support the international community 's efforts sincerely or be held to account . " U.N. chief : Chemical weapons in Syria would be ` abominable '	A Senate vote on Syria is delayed in light of Russia 's proposal Russia made proposal as U.S. considers military strike for alleged chemical weapons use Kerry said Syria 's president could prevent a strike by taking that step U.S. official : Kerry 's comments on Syria were a "  major goof "
CNN  -- Roger Ebert was seldom at a loss for words . His debates with Gene Siskel , his longtime co-host on a succession of movie-review television shows , sometimes seemed to start before the introduction and often appeared to continue well after the credits rolled . He wrote reviews , columns , interviews and articles , an astonishing collection of work that spanned more than four decades with the Chicago Sun-Times , freelance contributions for magazines such as Esquire , CD-ROMs  Ebert 's movie guide was one of the sources for the popular Cinemania  and rogerebert.com . He hosted festivals for underappreciated films . He gave running travelogues from Cannes and Toronto . He tweeted , Facebooked , corresponded with film lovers and held court with words long after his physical voice was silenced by cancer a decade ago . Ebert lost his battle with cancer Thursday . He was 70 . What a voice he had : firm , plain , brooking no claptrap and telling you exactly what he thought , a throwback , he said , to his newspaper reporter days .  Chicago , then and now , was full of such cheerily blunt personalities : Mike Royko , Irv Kupcinet , Studs Terkel -- perhaps to be expected in the birthplace of "  The Front Page . " Opinion : Ebert 's sheer love of life Above all , he was easy to relate to . Like many of his readers , I did n't always agree with Ebert , but I could understand his viewpoint . He understood movies were these complex machines of directors and actors and special effects guys and studio suits holding bags of money , machines that -- when they worked -- were magical , like dreams . And when they did n't , he could be a compassionate man , more forgiving than many other critics . Unless he felt as if the filmmakers had betrayed the arrangement between them and the audience . Then , watch out , because he would say what many of us might want to . When Vincent Gallo , the writer-director of the Ebert-panned "  The Brown Bunny , " called Ebert a "  fat pig with the physique of a slave trader , " Ebert retorted , "  One day I will be thin , but Vincent Gallo will always be the director of ` The Brown Bunny . ' " He titled one of his books "  I Hated , Hated , Hated , Hated This Movie "  a line from his review of "  North , " a Rob Reiner misfire  and another "  Your Movie Sucks "  the closing phrase to an open letter he wrote actor Rob Schneider  . However , Ebert was as fast -- if not faster -- to give praise . He and Siskel panned the 1987 Christopher Reeve movie "  Street Smart , " but both highlighted the performance of a then-little known actor named Morgan Freeman , who played a pimp . Freeman was nominated for an Oscar , with Siskel and Ebert 's praise probably playing a key role , since the film came and went quickly . And when Gallo recut "  The Brown Bunny , " Ebert went to see it again -- and this time , he gave it a coveted "  thumbs-up . " "  The film 's form and purpose now emerge from the miasma of the original cut , and are quietly , sadly , effective . It is said that editing is the soul of the cinema ; in the case of ` The Brown Bunny , ' it is its salvation , " he wrote . Opinion : What the Internet owes to Roger Ebert Thumbs-up The fact that such controversies could make headlines emphasizes the importance of Roger Ebert to the movies , especially now that we live in a pop culture where everybody 's a critic . There had been film critics on TV before Siskel and Ebert -- Judith Crist and Gene Shalit among them -- and film criticism had existed since the dawn of the medium . But it was generally taken seriously only by cinephiles , the folks who followed The New Yorker 's Pauline Kael or The Village Voice 's Andrew Sarris . Siskel and Ebert made it approachable . Both were Midwesterners , a notable point at a time when most film criticism came from the coasts . And , through their TV show , the two approached film criticism the way movie fans , freshly released from a weekend showing at the cineplex , might talk about what they just saw . "  They turned talking about cinema into an American pastime , " the Detroit Free Press ' Julie Hinds wrote in tribute . Their success was n't guaranteed . The pair -- forever immortalized as "  The Bald One "  Siskel  and "  The Fat One "  Ebert  -- worked for rival Chicago newspapers and were regularly at each other 's throats before being paired on a review show , "  Opening Soon at a Theater Near You , " in 1976 . "  Professionally speaking , their daily aim was to bludgeon each other via newsprint , their medium/blunt object of choice , " wrote Josh Schollmeyer in his wonderful Siskel-and-Ebert oral history , "  Enemies , A Love Story . " Siskel had great contacts ; Ebert had a Pulitzer Prize , the first ever awarded a movie critic . Ebert kept us entertained ` At the movies ' Their chemistry , however , was undeniable . And as "  Opening " turned into "  Sneak Previews " turned into "  At the Movies " turned into "  Siskel & Ebert and the Movies , " the two became equal parts knockabout vaudeville team -- frequently guesting on Johnny Carson and David Letterman 's late-night shows , where their debates were very obviously unscripted -- and influential movie critics , willing to showcase all variety of new releases in a pre-Internet age when middle America was n't besieged by all manner of movie minutiae and clips were n't a click away . They were , in a word , refreshing -- especially for those of us , like me , who grew up far from the film centers of New York and Los Angeles . Where else could you get a sense of movies that might never come to your town ? Where else could you take part , even from your living room , in the debate between two guys who really knew their stuff , and were entertaining as hell to boot ? The show 's format was frequently copied , but Siskel and Ebert were the undisputed kings of the genre -- triumphant to the point where they trademarked their "  thumbs-up " summary judgment . By the end , the two men had become almost like brothers -- competitive , yes , but also fiercely protective of each other . Siskel died in 1999 , but reading Ebert 's 2011 memoir , "  Life Itself , " you 'd think he was still around to needle his fellow critic . Remembering Ebert : Tweets pour in The balcony is closed Ebert changed with the times . He adapted to the Internet quickly , and though he continued with the TV show -- which moved from public TV to syndication in the 1980s -- it was obvious that the new medium was the right place for him .  Ebert finally left the show in 2008 , though guest hosts had been filling in since 2006 ; it was canceled in 2010 . "  We do n't sit down every Saturday night at 6:30 p.m. and wait for a show to come on television , " television executive Mary Kellogg said in "  Enemies . " "  People want instant gratification ; they want to read or see his review the moment they decide to go to a certain movie . " Ebert himself approved . "  I think that the Internet has provided an enormous boost to film criticism by giving people an opportunity to self-publish or to find sites that are friendly , " he said . There were controversies here and there . Ebert was criticized for reviewing a film he 'd only seen a portion of . Some of his readers believed he 'd gone soft ; just in the last few months , he gave at least three  out of four  stars to such panned films as "  Taken 2 "  21 percent on Rotten Tomatoes  and "  Stand Up Guys "  36 percent  . But nobody denied his impact . He was widely quoted and widely recognized , perhaps the most famous film critic in the world . Ebert in his own words These days , when pop culture runs through the very capillaries of the Internet , it 's easy to knock film critics . Who are they to rain on our entertainment parade ? Ca n't we just enjoy the view provided by "  Transformers 3 " without having to think about it ? Ebert , as the top of the heap , probably heard his name associated with these thoughts more than most . What made him special was both his joy in the medium , and his unabashed enthusiasm in asking for something more . Go ahead and love movies , but give them some thought , too . He conveyed all this through his words -- his vital , incisive , energetic , determined words . He said it best himself . "  However you came to know me , I 'm glad you did and thank you for being the best readers any film critic could ask for , " he wrote in his last column , "  A Leave of Presence , " published Tuesday . "  Thank you for going on this journey with me . I 'll see you at the movies . " Lights down , please .	At a time when critics mostly hailed from the coasts , he was a Midwesterner people related to He had a firm , plain , brooking-no-claptrap voice and said exactly what he thought There were controversies here and there , but nobody denies his impact on movie criticism Ebert , 70 , lost his battle with cancer Thursday
CNN  A nurse who was quarantined against her will in New Jersey after treating Ebola patients in West Africa will not obey officials ' instructions to seclude herself at home in Maine , she and her lawyers said on the "  Today " show and to the Bangor Daily News . The nurse , Kaci Hickox , returned to Maine on Monday after New Jersey authorities released her from a hospital tent where state officials kept her over the weekend as part of a new quarantine policy . She hired a lawyer and spoke out about her isolation and was then transported to Maine . She has twice tested negative for the virus . Maine officials have said that they would ask Hickox to quarantine herself at home until the passage of 21 days from her last possible contact with an Ebola patient -- and that they would make it involuntary if she resisted . "  Today " show host Matt Lauer asked her on Wednesday if she planned to follow guidelines and finish that quarantine on November 10 . "  I do n't plan on sticking to the guidelines , " she said . "  I remain appalled by these home quarantine policies that have been forced upon me . " That could set up a confrontation with Maine officials . Photos : Ebola patients in the U.S. . A fight ahead ? Maine officials are "  exploring all of our options " to protect residents ' health , Gov. Paul LePage said Wednesday after news of Hickox resisting a home quarantine . He did not name the nurse . In a written statement , the governor said she "  has been unwilling to follow the protocols set forth by the Maine CDC and the U.S. Centers for Disease Control for medical workers who have been in contact with Ebola patients . " The statement did n't say which protocols she was resisting but added that LePage is seeking legal authority to enforce a quarantine . CNN 's attempts to contact LePage 's office were n't immediately successful . LePage has said the state would work with Hickox on a plan to isolate her for the 21-day period . One of Hickox 's lawyers , Norm Siegel , told Lauer that officials had until Thursday to adjust their approach , and if they tried to physically apprehend Hickox after she once she stops obeying the quarantine , her legal team would take the matter to court . On Tuesday , the state 's health commissioner -- without naming Hickox -- warned that the state would force the quarantine if she did n't isolate herself willingly . "  If an individual who came in direct contact with Ebola patients has returned to Maine and is not willing to avoid public contact and stay in their home voluntarily during the period they are at some risk , we will take additional measures and pursue appropriate authority to ensure they make no public contact , " Maine Department of Health and Human Services Commissioner Mary Mayhew told reporters Tuesday . "  I want to be sure everyone understands what quarantine means in this case , " Mayhew said . "  Stating it plainly , what we are asking for is that individuals who had direct contact with Ebola patients stay in their home and avoid public contact until the 21 days for potential incubation has passed . " On CNN , Hickox attorney Steven Hyman said he thinks the next step is up to Maine . "  We had been attempting to work with them to try to find some kind of compromise here , but that has not been possible , " he said . "  And I saw from their news conference last night that they intend to try to seek an order . We have received no paper , so at this point she is not under any restriction other than her own voluntary staying in the house today . " Hyman said that knowing for certain what could happen legally is unclear because "  we 're treading in areas " in which "  there 's not a whole lot of case law . " However , he said , "  Society has a right to protect itself from legitimate issues of public health , but it ca n't do it based on what the  U.S.  Supreme Court calls fear . " The lawyer referred to the opinion of Dr. Amesh A. Adalja who also discussed the Hickox case on CNN on Wednesday , weighing in as an independent medical expert . He specializes in infectious disease and is a member of the U.S. government 's National Disaster Medical System . Adalja said the nurse is not contagious if she is not having symptoms , and even if she were symptomatic , she would have to somehow pass along her bodily fluids to other people to infect them . He said he worried that some had "  forgotten " established science about the virus . Lawyer : Nurse will follow CDC guidelines Siegel told the Bangor newspaper that Hickox would contest any court order . But she will abide by guidelines from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention that say she should subject herself to monitoring , such as daily reporting of measured temperatures . "  The conditions that the state of Maine is now requiring Kaci to comply with are unconstitutional and illegal and there is no justification for the state of Maine to infringe on her liberty , " Siegel told the Daily News . Hickox told "  Today " that she 's in good health and is not having symptoms . A person must be symptomatic to be contagious if they have Ebola . The nurse said that she thinks it would be "  reasonable , " in circumstances like hers , to self-monitor for symptoms but not be quarantined . Those are the steps that the organization , Doctors Without Borders , recommends . She spent time recently in Sierra Leone treating Ebola patients with the group . Hickox initially was put in isolation Friday , after landing in New Jersey from Sierra Leone . New Jersey and New York had just started requiring anyone who had contact with Ebola patients in West Africa to be quarantined for 21 days . New Jersey officials additionally said that screeners determined that she had a fever at the airport . But Hickox , speaking to CNN over the weekend from her quarantine tent at a New Jersey hospital , said she never had a fever . "  They were using a forehead scanner , and I was distressed and a little bit upset and so my cheeks were flushed , " Hickox explained to CNN 's Candy Crowley . Hickox said her temperature was later determined to be normal . Dispute about quarantine policies New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie said the state agreed to let her go to Maine after confirming she "  was no longer symptomatic , " but is unapologetic about New Jersey 's quarantine policy . Hickox told "  Today " that she witnessed "  complete disorganization " at the airport in Newark and that New York and New Jersey 's policies are "  not scientifically " or "  Constitutionally just . " The policies , she believes , will be a "  big deterrent " to health care workers from going to West Africa to treat patients because they wo n't want to be quarantined when they return if , like her , they are asymptomatic . "  It 's already difficult for people to take time out of their lives to go and respond , " she said , though she plans on definitely going back because it feels like a "  privilege to help . " Marco Rubio : Quarantined nurse is a ` hero ' Christie said he does n't plan to move "  an inch " on New Jersey 's Ebola quarantine policy . Campaigning Tuesday in Rhode Island for GOP gubernatorial nominee Allan Fung , the straight-talking Republican also hit back at criticism that the nurse was n't treated well enough , arguing she even had internet access and takeout food . "  Whatever , " he said , when pressed by reporters about a potential legal challenge . "  Get in line . I 've been sued lots of times before . Get in line . I 'm happy to take it on . " Christie on possible Ebola lawsuit : ` Whatever ' The debate about how to treat returning health care workers comes amid what officials say is the worst Ebola outbreak in history . The World Health Organization reported Wednesday that there are more than 13,700 confirmed or suspected cases of Ebola -- almost all in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone . The United Nations ' health authority projected that deaths from the virus have exceeded 5,000 . And those are only the ones that authorities have been able to count . In a region where health care access and record-keeping are limited , the WHO says the death toll may be especially under-counted . Some ill people who are seen by physicians and counted as Ebola cases may not stay for treatment and die of the disease , and the record keepers wo n't know to record their deaths . The WHO has said that the mortality rate from the current outbreak , starting with the first death in December , is roughly 60 % to 70 % . Ebola , a child and a lawsuit The family of a third-grader in Connecticut has filed a lawsuit against Milford Public Schools , claiming that their daughter was banned from school for 21 days after returning from a trip to Lagos , Nigeria , for a family wedding . The lawsuit , filed Tuesday , alleges that Ikeoluwa Opayemi was not allowed to return to Meadowside Elementary School in Milford "  based on fears " about the deadly Ebola outbreak mainly in the West African countries of Guinea , Sierra Leone and Liberia . Nigeria had 19 cases of Ebola and seven of those patients died . But the country was declared Ebola-free October 20 by the WHO , after 42 days with no Ebola cases reported . "  I think it 's outrageous how this child was treated , " said Gary Phelan , the attorney for the girl 's family . "  At some point , making a medical decision has to based on medical information , not fear . " School officials said they would release a statement Wednesday . Phelan said the decision to keep Opayemi out of school came after complaints from parents of her classmates . The girl 's father , Stephen Opayemi , was told by city officials that if he tried to bring his daughter to school she would be removed by police , the lawyer said . CNN 's Ashley Killough contributed to this report .	Nurse Kaci Hickox : "  I do n't plan on sticking to the guidelines " on quarantine She will not quarantine herself in Maine and will fight any order to do so , lawyers say Maine health commissioner says state will compel her to comply Hickox treated Ebola patients in Sierra Leone ; says she is not symptomatic
CNN  -- Today , August 19 , the world 's top bartenders will compete at the International Bartender 's Association 's World Cocktail Championship in Prague , shaking , stirring , pouring and flaring in their attempts to make 2013 's best cocktail . To mark the occasion , we 've found 12 weird and wonderful cocktails worth seeking out around the world . Doug Laming 's Margarita There are apparently only two Cointreau Caviar Spherification Kits in Australia , and the Rabbit Hole Bar has one of them . This magical piece of kit allows barmen to create pearls of booze that burst in the mouth . "  I love the different reactions you receive from first-time patrons when you bring it to the table , " says Matthew Smith , assistant manager at the Rabbit Hole Bar . Barmen use sodium alginate , calcium lactate and the spherification kit to create balls of Cointreau . Other cocktails served include a "  Jellied G & T " -- a jelly cube of Hendricks ' gin . Rabbit Hole Bar , 82 Elizabeth St , Sydney NSW 2000 ; +61 02 8084 2505 ; Doug Laming 's Margarita : $ 11 Coquetier Served in an eggshell , the ingredients for this drink include rum , chocolate and cinnamon . Antoine Amédée Peychaud was an apothecary known for the brandy toddies he served out of egg cups at New Orleans Masonic gatherings in the 18th century . Two hundred years later , the team at Pret a Diner have recreated this historic cocktail . The key ingredients are rum , chocolate , cinnamon and of course the chicken egg in which the cocktail is served . Fans of the drink include supermodel Bar Refaeli . Pret a Diner , Zinnowizerstr .7 , Mitte district , Berlin , Germany ; Coquetier : $ 9.30 Camel milk cocktail A non-alcoholic cocktail originally created for Muslims fasting during Ramadan . Compared to cows ' milk , camel milk is three times as rich in Vitamin C and is full of iron , unsaturated fatty acids and B vitamins . The camel milk drinks will be available after Ramadan at Mijana , the Ritz-Carlton 's Arabic restaurant . "  Camel milk mixologist " Mohammad Daoud originally created his range of camel milk cocktails for Muslims celebrating Ramadan . Due to the high level of protein and other nutrients , it 's the ideal drink to consume during Suhoor , the meal taken prior to sunrise during Ramadan , and comes in several flavors including strawberry , cherry and nut . The Ritz-Carlton Abu Dhabi , Grand Canal , Khor Al Maqta , Abu Dhabi , United Arab Emirates ; +971 2 818 8888 ; Camel milk cocktail : $ 6.20 Sourtoe cocktail The Sour Toe cocktail served by the Sourtoe Cocktail club can be any drink -- what turns it into the Sour Toe cocktail is the addition of a real , preserved amputated toe , which is dropped into the glass . Although nobody seems sure of the origins of the drink , it first appeared in 1973 when drinkers who consumed a glass of Champagne or beer that contained the toe could then declare themselves true "  sourtoers . " Today , the toe can be placed in any drink but one rule still applies : "  You can drink it fast , you can drink it slow -- but the lips have got ta touch the toe . " Some 60,000 people have reportedly tried the Sourtoe cocktail to date . Sourtoe Cocktail Club , Downtown Hotel , Dawson City , Yukon ; Sourtoe Cocktail : $ 5.80 The Rum Blazer Jerry "  The Professor " Thomas was an American bartender who 's considered the father of American mixology . Thomas perfected the technique of lighting whisky and throwing the flaming liquid between two silver tankards . The late bartender inspired Shaka Zulu 's Rum Blazer : a fiery concoction prepared at the customer 's table and only served at a temperature below 50 °F / 10 °C . It contains spiced rum , Grand Marnier Liqueur and cinnamon dust and was inspired by the famous Blue Blazer cocktail . Shaka Zulu , London , UK ; +44 0203 376 9911 ; The Rum Blazer : $ 17 Gunpowder Plot This Guy Fawkes-inspired cocktail is the creation of Sydney bartender Grant Collins , whose favorite ingredients include dry ice , liquid nitrogen and jelly . Previous creations have included the Bacon and Maple Syrup Manhattan and the La Premiere , which blends Appleton Rum with popcorn . "  For the Gunpowder Plot , we infuse gin with gunpowder flavors and shake it with fernet branca  a traditional herbal digestive  and egg white , " explains Colin Tam , head bartender . "  This method leaves the cocktail with a thick layer of froth on the top . When the cloche is closed and smoke is added the froth is infused with a smoky , wooden flavor which changes the drink completely . " It contains gunpowder-infused gin , spiced gunpowder syrup and bitters and comes served in a smoking cloche amidst a pile of twigs and oak-scented fog . Zeta Bar , Level 4 , 488 George Street , Sydney , NSW 2000 ; +61 02 9265 8374 ; Gunpowder Plot : $ 20 The Crapper Drinking a cocktail out of a toilet bowl might not seem like the classiest way to start the night , but they go down a treat at Rock and Rita 's in Las Vegas . The calorie-filled Crapper is a chocolate-based Piña Colada garnished with a Snickers bar . You get to keep the glass once done . Rock and Rita 's , Circus Circus Hotel & Casino , 2880 Las Vegas Blvd S , Las Vegas , USA ; +1 702 691 5991 ; The Crapper : $ 25 Diamonds are Forever Only the finest ingredients go into this luxurious $ 1,347 cocktail : L'Heraud Grand Champagne Cognac , Luxor 24k Gold Flake Champagne and The Bitter Truth Jerry Thomas bitters . Served in a Swarovski Crystalline Cocktail Glass , which contains diamonds in the stem and which you get to keep , it was inspired by the Junsui Lounge in the Burj Al Arab , which features 29,000 Swarovski crystals . Skyview Bar , 27th Floor , Burj Al Arab , Dubai , United Arab Emirates ; +971 4 301 7600 ; Diamonds are Forever : $ 1,347 Dukes HRH Baby Cocktail Inspired by the recent royal birth , the creators of this cocktail made passion fruit puree one of the key ingredients . It also , thankfully , contains Perrier-Jouet Grand Brut NV , Cointreau and passion fruit -- the perfect drink for summer . Dukes , St. James 's Place , London , UK ; +44 0207 491 4840 ; Dukes HRH Baby Cocktail : $ 25 Wakey , Wakey , Mary , Eggs and Bacey This unusual cocktail was designed to help drinkers recover after a heavy night and comprises a basic Bloody Mary with the addition of hot sauce , Irish stout , a garnish of pickled vegetables , quail eggs , bacon and a grilled cheese sandwich . "  The quail eggs and grilled cheese combined with the vegetables turns this drink into a little meal specifically designed to take the edge off of a rough morning , " explains Chapel Tavern owner Duncan Mitchell . It forms part of the bar 's "  hair of the dog " cocktail menu . Chapel Tavern , 1099 S Virginia St Reno , Nevada 89502 , United States ; +1 775 324 2244 ; Wakey , Wakey , Mary , Eggs and Bacey : $ 10 The Bullshooter Aromatic foams , jelly and candyfloss all appear on OnlyOne 's cocktail menu , but the most popular offering is the Bullshooter -- a glass containing three test tubes filled with aromatic pearls of Blue Curacao , ABSOLUT Vodka and Red Bull . OnlyOne is Dresden 's first molecular cocktail bar and its menu also includes edible cocktails such as Caipirinha with candy floss . OnlyOne , Alaunstraße 83 01099 Dresden , Germany ; The Bullshooter : $ 8.78 Earl Grey caviar martini Air and caviar are used to give extra flavor and texture to this drink , one of several unusual concoctions served at Hong Kong 's Quinary cocktail bar . Other Quinary cocktails include a Bloody Mary made with wasabi-redistilled vodka . This spectacular cocktail contains caviar molecules and an Earl Grey-flavored martini , topped with a dollop of Earl Grey-infused air . "  The Earl Grey Caviar Martini is also a refreshing combination of freshly muddled cucumber , lime and lemon juice , with elderflower and apple juice , " says Quinary mixologist Antonio . "  These ingredients go especially well with the citron vodka . " Quinary , Ground Floor , 56-58 Hollywood Road , Central , Hong Kong ; +852 2851 3223 ; Earl Grey caviar martini : $ 15.60	Coquetier cocktail includes rum , chocolate and cinnamon and comes served in an eggshell Wakey , Wakey , Mary , Eggs and Bacey includes a full morning-after meal The Crapper is a chocolate-based Piña Colada garnished with a Snickers bar , served in a miniature toilet bowl
Three or four years ago , it was supposed to be the next big thing in consumer tech : the magic of 3-D , right in your living room . Fast-forward to today , however , and the truth comes right at you . Despite waves of hype , 3-D TV has never caught on . And now that one of its biggest early champions is abandoning the format , some are wondering whether the 3-D experiment should be declared dead . ESPN , which in 2010 announced that it would offer events like World Cup soccer and the NCAA national championship football game in 3-D , now says it will stop doing so this year . "  ESPN 3D was great at home but due to low adoption of 3D to home , we are discontinuing to focus on other products for fans and affiliates , " ESPN spokeswoman Katina Arnold announced on Twitter . She followed up by promising that the network will keep trying to push the boundaries of the viewing experience . "  ESPN 3D production unmatched ! " she wrote . "  As tech leader , ESPN will continue to experiment with things like UHDTV  ultra high-definition  . " Analysts say ESPN 's reasoning reflects a sad truth for an industry that once thought the runaway success of movies like "  Avatar " meant consumers would have similar interest in watching 3-D in their living rooms . "  The excitement around 3-D TV was coming from many places : the industry , the TV manufacturers and the content providers , " said Carolina Milanesi , a technology analyst for Gartner Research . "  But not the consumers , and ultimately that is what proved fatal . " According to data from research firm DisplaySearch , adoption of 3-D TV in North America peaked in early 2011 , when about 11 % of TV owners had one . But growth has stalled and even dipped since then . The technology fared better among TV owners in the rest of the world , growing to about 20 % of the market before beginning to slide late last year . Quite simply , Milanesi said , consumers just have n't considered it worth the money . Combine that with consumer-tech trends moving in the opposite direction , and it 's a recipe for failure , she said . "  The lack of content and the higher cost of the hardware made adoption slow , " she said . "  And now we see consumers focus their money on other consumer electronics such as tablets , adding screens to their home rather than focusing on the main screen . " Complaints about home 3-D have centered around high prices , the limited number of 3-D offerings and the awkward glasses that made viewing uncomfortable over long periods of time . And many consumers , having recently traded in their clunky tube TVs for high-def flat screens , were n't ready to replace their sets yet again with newer models . ESPN 's 3-D channel has been carried by several cable networks , but AT&T 's Uverse dumped all 3-D in 2011 , saying it was too expensive . That 's not the sort of thing that 's going to encourage many producers or networks to make their own 3-D shows or pay for the pricey equipment needed to shoot live events in three dimensions . A few other 3-D providers remain , most notably 3net , a channel jointly owned by Discovery , Sony and IMAX . In a statement , 3Net said ESPN 's decision would have "  no impact on our business . " "  It 's understandable that content creators are hesitant to continue investing in costly new technologies if the viewer base is not growing at an attractive rate , " said Paul Gagnon , DisplaySearch 's director of TV research in North America . "  This move by ESPN might signal that the momentum has shifted away from 3-D in the U.S. , and TV manufacturers and retailers would be wise to take note . " That momentum appears now to be swinging toward the technology Arnold mentioned in her post : ultra HD , also known as 4K TV . Screens on that emerging format promise definition that 's four times sharper than regular HD . Sony is leading the pack with a giant 4K model already on the market and others hitting stores soon . But other manufacturers are n't far behind . As with 3-D TV , there 's still not a ton of available content for that level of definition . But 4K is in its infancy , and observers , including Milanesi , predict it will catch on in a way that home 3-D never has .	ESPN announced it will suspend 3-D TV broadcasts by end of the year The prospect of 3-D excited the TV industry , but consumers never took to it Consumers complained about cost , awkward glasses , scarce 3-D content Analysts say ultra-HD , 4K television may be the next wave
CNN  -- Golfer Tiger Woods apologized Wednesday for "  transgressions " that let his family down -- the same day a gossip magazine published a report alleging he had an affair . "  I have let my family down and I regret those transgressions with all of my heart . I have not been true to my values and the behavior my family deserves , " he said in a statement on his official Web site . Woods did not admit to an affair and offered no details about the "  transgressions " in his statement . "  I am not without faults and I am far short of perfect . I am dealing with my behavior and personal failings behind closed doors with my family . Those feelings should be shared by us alone . " Read Woods ' statement US Weekly magazine printed a report Wednesday alleging that Woods had an affair with Jaimee Grubbs , whom it identified as a 24-year-old cocktail waitress . The magazine also published what it says is a voice mail message from Woods to Grubbs . "  Hey , it 's Tiger , " a man says in the recording . "  I need you to do me a huge favor . Can you please take your name off your phone ? My wife went through my phone and may be calling you . "  So if you can , please take your name off that . ... What do you call it ? Just have it as a number on the voice mail . Just have it as your telephone number . That 's it , OK ? You got to do this for me . Huge . Quickly . All right . Bye . " CNN could not independently confirm that the voice on the recording was Woods . Attention has been focused on Woods since he crashed his SUV outside his Florida home last week . Investigators say he crashed the vehicle into a fire hydrant and tree . Woods was not required to talk to police about the wreck , and declined to talk with investigators on several occasions . What do you think about the whole Tiger saga ? Woods ' attorney , Mark Nejame , declined to comment on reports of an affair Tuesday night , saying he was hired to represent Woods in the traffic case . The Florida Highway Patrol said Tuesday that it cited Woods for careless driving -- the golfer paid a $ 164 fine -- and closed its investigation . The golfer said Wednesday that he was "  dismayed to realize the full extent of what tabloid scrutiny really means " for him , his wife , model Elin Nordegren , and their children -- a 2-year old daughter , Sam , and a 9-month old son , Charlie . "  For the last week , my family and I have been hounded to expose intimate details of our personal lives . The stories in particular that physical violence played any role in the car accident were utterly false and malicious . Elin has always done more to support our family and shown more grace than anyone could possibly expect . " The 33-year-old golf phenomenon has won the Masters tournament and the PGA tournament each four times , as well as three U.S. Open titles . Grubbs is the second woman to be romantically linked to Woods through news reports this week . The National Enquirer reported a few days before Woods ' crash that the golfer was having an affair with a New York nightclub hostess -- an assertion the hostess vigorously denied Tuesday , according to The New York Post . The woman said a disgruntled acquaintance sold the story to the supermarket tabloid and that "  not a word of it is true . " See what people are saying George Merlis , president of Experience Media Consulting Group in Los Angeles , California , said Woods should have said more after last week 's accident . "  I think he needed to get out in front of the story very early on , because if you do n't get out in front of something like this , you give free rein to speculation , " he said . Asked whether the allegations might scare off Woods ' sponsors , Merlis said , "  If I were a businessman contemplating doing a really expensive endorsement deal with him , I would think twice . " Nike , Gatorade , Gillette and other sponsors said Wednesday they would continue their relationships with Woods . CNN Radio 's Matt Cherry contributed to this report .	"  I have not been true to my values and the behavior my family deserves , " golfer says "  I am dealing with my behavior ... behind closed doors with my family , " he says on Web site Comments come the same day a gossip magazine story alleges he had affair with waitress Magazine also publishes what it says is a voice mail message from Woods to waitress
CNN  -- Rebekah Brooks testified in the United Kingdom phone hacking trial that she knowingly sanctioned payments to a public official while editor of Britain 's Sun newspaper . The payment was for a story about a plot by Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein to bring anthrax into the United Kingdom in the 1990s . Brooks testified a public official called the Sun news desk claiming government and security services were covering up the plot . "  They were asking for money in return for the information , " said Brooks , who was acting deputy editor of the Sun at the time . "  I did authorize the journalist to enter into a negotiation to pay money if the story turned out to be correct . " Brooks justified the payment by saying the story was of "  overwhelming public interest . " Brooks and six others face phone hacking charges , including conspiracy to intercept the voice mails of high-profile figures in Britain . All deny wrongdoing . One of the defendants is Andy Coulson , another former newspaper editor and former Downing Street communications director . Brooks told the court she was called to a meeting at Downing Street with security service officials while the Sun team was working on the anthrax story . She said the meeting confirmed the story was true and she authorized payment to the official , later identified as a chief petty officer who was prosecuted for breach of the Official Secrets Act . Brooks said she considered paying an official for information in another story , about expenses to members of Parliament , but procrastinated and lost the story to the Daily Telegraph . The former News International chief executive spent most of the week being questioned about stories sourced over eight years from an official who worked at the Ministry of Defence . Brooks denied knowing the source worked for that department , but said it "  should have been brought to my attention so I could take responsibility . " The former newspaper chief said she approved payments on "  a handful " of occasions between 1998 and 2009 , when she edited the News of the World and later the Sun . Brooks said she never suspected the journalist was using a public official as the source . "  I was n't looking for corrupt payments to public officials . I was looking for public interest , " she said in explaining why she approved paying around Â # 1000 per story . The court adjourned early Friday because Brooks was exhausted after spending six days on the witness stand . She 'll testify again Monday .	Editor Rebekah Brooks testifies all week in phone hacking trial "  They were asking for money in return for the information " Official says government covered up Saddam Hussein 's anthrax plot Brook is one of seven defendants in the case
CNN  -- A Marine was killed in California on Friday when the amphibious assault vehicle he was riding in submerged during a training exercise , the Camp Pendleton public affairs office said . Six Marines were in the vehicle during the incident , the base 's public affairs office said in a statement , and no injuries were reported among the five survivors . The Marine who died was submerged in a boat basin , the office said . Camp Pendleton is along the Pacific Coast between Los Angeles and San Diego . The incident occurred at approximately 11:30 a.m. Friday , the base 's statement said , and the Marine was recovered at approximately 2:15 p.m. . He was flown to Scripps Memorial Hospital La Jolla , where he was pronounced dead at 2:47 p.m. . The Marine 's name is being withheld until 24 hours after notification of next of kin , the Camp Pendleton statement said . The incident is under investigation , the statement said .	Marine 's amphibious assault vehicle submerged The Incident occurred at Camp Pendleton Marine 's name was not released Friday
CNN  -- In an age of streaming media , we 're still a culture of digital hoarders . That may partly explain why on Tuesday , Apple introduced an iPad with 128 gigabytes of storage capacity , twice as much as any previous model . But will the average tablet owner need that much space ? For casual users , tablets are media-consumption devices . We use them to watch movies and TV shows , listen to music , play games and read books and magazines . All those files take up memory on your internal hard drive . Today 's high-resolution photos and videos are increasingly hogging storage , too . It 's easy to see how someone with a lot of downloaded files might eventually run out of room on a 64GB tablet . But 128 gigabytes ? That 's the equivalent of about 100 DVD-quality movies , 30 Blu-ray movies , 30,000 songs or 40,000 photos , according to this graphic by a computer store in the United Kingdom . Everything else about the iPad announced Tuesday is the same as the current fourth-generation models : a 9.7-inch Retina display , a dual-core A6X processor , a FaceTime HD camera , 2 gigabtyes of RAM and an estimated 10 hours of battery life . So the new device , which goes on sale February 5 , is all about giving users more storage space . That 's why Apple is targeting the 128GB iPad at professional users such as architects , doctors or audio engineers , who often work with large files  and can afford pricey gadgets  . "  Companies regularly utilizing large amounts of data such as 3D CAD files , X-rays , film edits , music tracks , project blueprints , training videos and service manuals all benefit from having a greater choice of storage options for iPad , " Apple said in a news release announcing the new iPad . Some observers say the tablet 's cost -- $ 799  Wi-Fi only  and $ 929  Wi-Fi and cellular  , $ 100 more than the current 64GB model -- is n't worth it in an age when we can store movies , music , photos and documents on cloud-based servers instead of our own machines . "  Apple does n't expect you to buy a 128GB iPad , not unless you 're a professional-grade buyer , like an architect or a supervillain , " writes Leslie Horn for Gizmodo . "  The 128GB iPad is like a $ 300/head steakhouse dinner . It goes on the corporate account . " Other pundits noted that at $ 929 , the top-of-the-line 128GB model costs almost as much as the base-model MacBook Air laptop  $ 999  , which is much easier to type on . "  Apple has set its eyes on the dying infrastructure of the PC industry and Microsoft 's Windows operating system business , " writes Dan Rowinski of ReadWriteWeb . "  That is really the only reason that Cupertino would unveil an iPad with 128 GB , a size that challenges many of the ` ultrabooks ' that have become popular in the laptop market these days . " In that way , the launch of the new iPad seems poised to stave off competition from Microsoft 's 128GB Surface Pro tablet , due February 9 in the U.S. and Canada . When it comes to storage capacity , though , these tablets are n't close to being the biggest . That distinction belongs to the Panasonic Toughbook H2 , which retails for $ 3,579 and has a whopping 320GB of internal storage .	Apple introduces iPad with 128 GB of storage capacity . twice as much as previous models The average user wo n't need that much internal storage 128 gigabytes is equivalent of about 100 DVD-quality movies , 30,000 songs or 40,000 photos Gizmodo : "  128 GB iPad is like a $ 300/head steakhouse dinner . It goes on the corporate account "
CNN  -- Multiple Oscar winning film "  Slumdog Millionaire " has brought the plight of India 's slum dwellers to the rest of the world . But up to a million slum dwellers in the economic capital Mumbai are set for upheaval as the city is poised for a radical makeover Dharavi , where parts of "  Slumdog Millionaire " were filmed , is one of the largest slums in the world . Five years after the regional government announced its intention to redevelop Dharavi , the vast Mumbai slum where parts of "  Slumdog Millionaire " were filmed , developers are finally submitting their blueprints for the project . Nineteen consortiums from around the world are vying to redevelop the 500-plus acres of land occupied by Dharavi and the bulldozers could move in within six months . The scheme is the brainchild of Mukesh Mehta , an Indian architect who made his name in the U.S. His vision is to use private money to redevelop the slum and turn Mumbai into an international business destination . "  If effectively designed and well planned Dharavi could be not very different from London 's Canary Wharf . If we plan creatively and bring in the best architects in the world we could create a new language of architecture and buildings for Mumbai , " he told CNN . What 's novel about Mehta 's plan is that rather than seeing a need to entice developers into slum regeneration , he views the land as a resource that developers will pay handsomely to get their hands on . The plan is for developers to demolish the slum and build apartments on the site , which will be given free of charge to 57,000 families currently living in Dharavi . The incentive ? For every 100 sq ft of apartment space the developers give away , they will get to build 133 sq ft of commercial space , which they can sell at market rates . Back in 1997 , it was Mehta who realized that Dharavi 's location made it an asset . In the heart of Mumbai , Dharavi is connected by all three of the city 's railway lines . The two highways that link Mumbai to the rest of India both start nearby and just half a kilometer away is the Bandra Kurla complex , Mumbai 's emerging financial hub , where land prices are astronomical . Mehta estimates that the government could end up making $ 2 to $ 3 billion , the developers stand to make huge profits and Dharavi 's residents will get real homes with running water . So why has the scheme taken 12 years to get off the ground ? Part of the problem is the word ` slum . ' Dharavi is terribly overcrowded , with a chronic lack of clean water and a dearth of toilets . Sewage runs freely and the stench of feces is ever present . But there is a real sense of community , the streets are buzzing with activity and thriving cottage industries , such as pottery and recycling workshops , operate from the ground floor of people 's homes . "  The Dharavi redevelopment should not be thought of as just a housing project . Almost every house is involved with some kind of economic activity , " says Sundar Burra , an advisor to the Society for the Promotion of Area Resource Entrees , which has been campaigning for years to ensure Dharavi 's residents do n't lose out in the redevelopment . Burra says it is essential that residents can continue to work from their homes in the new Dharavi , or they wo n't be able to afford the maintenance costs of their new apartments . "  If this is not considered , people will sell and the area will become gentrified . Even though new housing stock will be added to the city , the people for whom it is meant will not be able to benefit , " he told CNN . In June 2007 , some 15,000 Dharavi residents marched against the proposals , which they felt benefited developers at their expense . Mehta says planners have been listening to people 's concerns . The new apartment buildings will incorporate communal spaces where residents can carry on their trades and thousands of businesses currently operating illegally in Dharavi will be legalized . Following objections from residents , the floor space allocated to each family has been increased from 225 sq ft to 300 sq ft. But not everyone in Dharavi stands to benefit . Many residents lease the upper floor of their homes and their tenants are not eligible for the free apartments . Neither is anyone who moved to Dharavi after 1999 , nor the laborers who sleep in Dharavi 's workshops . There is only one place for these people to go -- other slums . Burra concedes that no one knows how many people will be forced out , but it could be tens of thousands . Although some are still fighting the plan , Mehta considers it a fait accompli . He predicts that work will begin after the summer monsoon and will take five to seven years to complete . With over a billion people living in slums globally , Mehta sees this involvement of private money as essential for slum regeneration around the world . "  Every major university and design and planning institute in the world is studying this model , " he says . "  Developing countries in Asia and Africa have invited me to have similar projects in their country . This is the future . "	Dharavi , in the heart of Mumbai , is one of the biggest slums in the world The massive redevelopment of Dharavi could begin within six months 57,000 families will be rehoused on site , but many others will have to move on Scheme is "  a model that can be used to rehabilitate slums around the world "
CNN  -- Wednesday 's hearing about last September 's attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi , Libya has put the State Department and diplomatic security back in the political spotlight . By the numbers , here 's a look at the U.S. diplomatic presence across the globe . Doomed Libya ambassador : ` We 're under attack ' John King : Legitimate oversight or partisan politics ? 307 - U.S. embassies , consulates and diplomatic missions around the world . More than 190 - Number of countries in the world . 15 - Chief of mission vacancies in U.S. embassies , as of February 5 , 2013 . 3 - Embassies in which visa services have been suspended : Tripoli , Libya ; Minsk , Belarus ; and Damascus , Syria . 7 - Countries where the United States does not have a diplomatic presence even though the United States has diplomatic relationships : Antigua and Barbuda , Dominica , Grenada , St. Kitts and Nevis , St. Lucia , St. Vincent and the Grenadines and Guinea-Bissau . U.S. embassies or consulates in other countries are responsible for diplomatic relations with these countries , according to the State Department . 3 - Countries with which the United States does not have a diplomatic relationship , so there are no American embassies or consulates there : Bhutan , Iran and North Korea . 1 - "  Virtual " U.S. embassy on the Internet - out of Tehran , Iran . More than 11,000 - Employees in the U.S. Foreign Service stationed in other countries , as of 2008 . More than 37,000 - U.S. Foreign Service National employees  "  who are citizens of the country in which an embassy or other post is located , " according to the State Department  serving in their home countries . 4 - Americans killed during the attack in Benghazi , Libya , on September 11 , 2012 : U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens , IT expert Sean Smith and former U.S. Navy SEALs Glen Doherty and Tyrone Woods . Boehner calls for White House to release Benghazi emails After hearing , Republicans say there 's more to the story 10 - Number of days in between the Benghazi attack and when Secretary of State Hillary Clinton first called it an act of terrorism . What the Obama administration has said about the Libya attack Republican spotlight shifts from Obama to Clinton 224 - Number of people , including 12 Americans , who were killed in a bombing on August 7 , 1998 , at the U.S. Embassy in Nairobi , Kenya , that also injured 4,000 . Another bombing at the embassy in Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , on the same day killed 11 and injured 85 . 12 - Number of people who were killed in a suicide bombing on June 14 , 2002 , at the U.S. Consulate in Karachi , Pakistan . Fifty-one were injured . Victim 's mother : Hearing did n't give answers Opinion : Hearing 's aim was to undermine Clinton	15 - Chief of mission vacancies in U.S. embassies 1 - "  Virtual " U.S. embassy on the Internet 4 - Americans killed during Benghazi attack
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- More favorable weather conditions Saturday helped firefighters in their bid to contain the roaring Crown Fire , one of several in southern California . Firefighters had the fire 82 percent contained Saturday evening , the Los Angeles County Fire Department said . Authorities said that they had lifted evacuation orders and most residents had returned home , while hundreds of firefighters and more than a dozen aircraft worked to extinguish the Crown Fire . "  If we can get aggressive with the air drops we 'll be in good shape . And we 're already doing pretty good , " Don Kunitomi of the Los Angeles County Fire Department told CNN . The blaze has ignited 14,000 acres in the area , fire officials said . Two other fires have blackened more than 17,000 acres . Fire officials said the Crown Fire represents the biggest challenge . On Friday , about 1,370 firefighters and 250 fire engines were at the scene of the blaze , which was burning in a sparsely populated , rural area . Authorities were working to ensure the Crown Fire did not destroy power lines that provide electricity throughout the region . The Los Angeles Department of Water and Power has asked residents near the fire to limit their power usage , though no fire-related outages have been reported . The weather did not cooperate Friday , which turned out to be one of the hottest days this week , with humidity in the low teens . "  That 's creating a little bit of a challenge , and obviously causing a bit more fire spread , " said Matt Levesque of the L.A. County Fire Department . Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger said the situation in southern California changed drastically as the weather shifted . "  We were very fortunate not to have fires for some time , because the air was cool and we did n't have the experience of dry weather and all of these winds and so on , but all of a sudden the fire season kicked in , " he said Friday . "  But we are ready , " the governor added . "  There 's great coordination going on , and we have resources distributed all over the state . " The cause of the Crown Fire is under investigation . Two more wildfires engulfed the area this week : the Bull Fire , southeast of the town of Tehachapi , and the West Fire , north of Tehachapi in the Sequoia National Forest . The Bull Fire has ignited 16,460 acres and was 81 percent contained , officials said Saturday morning . It has destroyed eight homes , but no evacuations have been ordered . Meanwhile , the West Fire has destroyed 30 structures , mostly homes . Authorities have warned residents to keep their cars and house windows closed to prevent smoke inhalation . Schwarzenegger has declared a state of emergency for Kern County , located approximately 130 miles north of Los Angeles .	NEW : So-called Crown Fire is 82 percent contained Weather conditions more favorable to firefighters Fire ignites 14,000 acres , fire officials say Two other fires blacken thousands of acres in southern California
Amman , Jordan  CNN  -- Forget your preconceptions . Erase your stereotypes -- or at least set them aside for a moment . The Middle East , this ancient land battered by powerful forces and mystical passions , is full of surprises . I have traveled in and out of various countries in the Middle East over the course of decades . All too often and in too many places , aspects of life made it seem as if the clock became stuck in a different time . No longer . Here are five signs the Middle East is changing in ways you may not have expected : 1 . Instead of politics and religion , try tango and salsa : It 's true ; politics and religion remain at the core of much that goes on here . And it is also true that Jordan has stood near the front of Arab modernity in many respects . Still , you might be surprised to find that for many , the passion for tango and salsa weigh more than ideology and sectarianism . After the sun sets over Amman , Jordan 's capital , local nightclubs become thick with smoke and crowded with hip , fashionable , often apolitical young Arabs . Harout Kiprian , 32 , an Iraqi exile , is one of a large group that has become a fixture of the Amman nightlife . These clubbers greet each other with kisses on each cheek and take to the floor as skillfully as any of their counterparts in Latin America . They twirl and swing their partners to the rhythm of the music and to romantic Spanish lyrics that are probably as mysterious to them as Arabic to the songs ' Latin American composers . There is tango night at the Landmark , overlooking Amman 's glinting skyline , and nightly salsa at Trader Vic 's , with a live band on contract directly from Cuba . Kiprian , who casually calls himself a "  Salsero , " says he has no interest in politics and goes out dancing "  minimum twice a week . " His friends say it 's much more often . The nightclub scene , with loud music , swaying hips and lively interaction between men and women , is ostensibly apolitical , but no one would mistake it for anything but a sign of a yearning for a modern , worldly , even secular Middle East . 2 . Humor has become a powerful weapon , and it is terrifying the pious and the mighty . Since the start of the Arab uprisings , the Muslim Brotherhood has won almost every major election in the region while progressive liberals have looked incapable of mounting a credible campaign . Now , however , modernizers have discovered a new tactic : If you ca n't beat them , laugh at them . Satirists and comedians , with immense reach because of the Internet , are making fun of Islamist politicians , particularly in Egypt , sometimes just by quoting their own words and replaying their fiery sermons before amused young audiences . The government is clearly nervous and scrambling for a response , accusing comedians of denigrating Islam and insulting the president . But it 's hard to defeat someone who is laughing at you , pointing out your hypocrisy . Authorities are going after comedians , in the case of Egypt , dancing around its stated respect for free expression . And comedians are becoming more popular with every arrest warrant . Bassem Youssef , arrested and released on bail a few days ago , is known to many as the Egyptian Jon Stewart . He has more than 1.2 million Twitter followers and is famous across the region . His television show has tens of millions of viewers , and his videos are watched on YouTube by millions more , who laugh at the powerful , the pretentious and the holier-than-thou . His humor goes after everyone , including liberals . But his biggest success has been in wiping away the aura of sanctity , the claim of divine wisdom that had enveloped religious authorities . When his "  sin meter " explodes , measuring a government attempt to justify economic policies on religious grounds , when he hugs and caresses a pillow with a picture of President Mohamed Morsy , he undermines Islamists more effectively than any liberal ideologue . That 's why prosecutors issued an arrest warrant for him  he 's out on bail  . It 's why satirists have been imprisoned in Iran . It 's why the ultra-religious have prevented comics from performing in Tunisia . It 's why one recent satirical piece on a Middle East politics and culture site declares that Egypt has decided to eradicate humor . 3 . When an American president shows up , it 's not that big a deal . President Barack Obama came to Amman , and most people paid little attention . There were no throngs in the streets as the motorcade zoomed across town . People in rooftop restaurants gazed out curiously , but no one would accuse the American president of bringing life to a standstill in this city . The United States is no longer seen here with the awe -- negative or positive -- that it once inspired . Conspiracy theorists accuse Washington of installing the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt or of starting the war in Syria . Others complain that it 's not doing enough to stop the Syrian slaughter , and many accuse it of being too friendly with Israel . But to anyone who has visited the Arab world over the years , it is clear the obsessive thinking about America is , at the moment , a thing of the past . 4 . Fewer people buy the theory that it 's all about Israel . When it comes to Israel , there is widespread and intense animosity . And yet in conversations with people here , and even in the views expressed by an Arab columnist , the old theory that all the Middle East 's problems originate with the Jewish state has little currency . It was an old tactic of the dictators : to blame it all on Israel while fanning the flames of resentment . But two years after Tahrir Square -- after the toppling of tyrants , amid raging civil wars and worsening economic crises -- people largely dismiss the idea that establishing a state for Palestinians , while desirable , or even removing Israel altogether , would repair the region 's economies , improve the status of women and religious minorities , or end fighting between Shiites and Sunnis . When Islamist parties called for a Million Man March against Israel in Amman , about 300 people showed up . 5 . Even kings say they want democracy : The Arab Spring did not flower quite as fragrantly as people had hoped , and that has reduced the pressure for change in places such as Jordan . But demands for reform continue . Among those calling for more democracy , of all people , are nonelected rulers , such as Jordan 's King Abdullah II . Not everyone believes his pledges to democratize , but at least on the surface , the opposition and the king agree that Jordan should move toward a constitutional monarchy . Morocco 's king has ushered in some reform , as have , to a lesser extent , other Arab monarchs . The Middle East is not the same . Protests have become routine . Change is in the air , but the stereotypes and preconceptions do n't do it justice -- just ask the salseros in Amman 's nightclubs . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : The Middle East shows signs of change new to a frequent visitor to the region She says Amman , Jordan , club scene with tango , salsa shows yen for modern , secular world She says governments chafe at new use of political humor , and U.S. less an object of awe Ghitis : Israel seen less as root of region 's troubles , and even kings say they want democracy
CNN  -- Faster than a speeding bullet , Warner Bros. ' $ 225 million franchise reboot Man of Steel has become a box office behemoth . The superhero film began its run with a massive $ 125.1 million  $ 113.1 million over the traditional weekend , $ 12 million from corporate screening programs on Thursday  , breaking the record for the biggest June opening weekend ever , ahead of Toy Story 3 's $ 110.3 million bow in 2010 . Among 2013 films , Man of Steel had the second best debut of the year behind Iron Man 3 , which started with $ 174.1 million in May . Man of Steel garnered a fantastic $ 29,731 per theater average from its 4,207 locations . The film grossed $ 13.3 million in IMAX theaters , and 41 % of its business came from 3D ticket sales . Audiences were 56 percent male and 44 percent female , a more even gender distribution than Iron Man 3 , which had a 61/39 percent male/female split on opening weekend . The dashing looks of Henry Cavill  and Amy Adams ' appeal  no doubt helped Man of Steel play well with women . Reviews were mixed , but crowds issued the film a strong "  A - " CinemaScore . For Cavill , Adams , and the rest of the cast -- which includes Russell Crowe , Diane Lane , Kevin Costner , Laurence Fishburne , and Michael Shannon -- Man of Steel became their best ever opening weekend . The same goes for director Zack Snyder , who formerly saw gigantic numbers when 300 bowed with $ 70.9 million in 2007 . What ` Man of Steel ' gets wrong about Superman Man of Steel also clobbered the debut of 2006 ′ s Superman Returns , which opened with $ 52.5 million and earned $ 200 million domestically against a $ 270 million budget . Widely considered a box office misfire , Superman Returns did not , in fact , return . In about one week , Man of Steel will likely have surpassed that film 's domestic total . The news could n't be better for Warner Bros. , which -- with the exceptions of The Great Gatsby and 42 -- has badly struggled at the box office in 2013 . Films like Jack the Giant Slayer , The Hangover Part III , Beautiful Creatures , Bullet to the Head , and The Incredible Burt Wonderstone have massively under-performed at the box office , so Man of Steel 's success is a welcome change . "  We 're thrilled , " says Dan Fellman , the studio 's president of domestic distribution , "  and it will fly through the summer . We 're going to have legs on this film . " Fellman also notes that Man of Steel 's success brings Warner Bros. and DC Comics one step closer to creating a Justice League franchise that might rival Marvel/Disney 's Avengers . The exec would n't confirm whether Henry Cavill has already been contracted to star in Justice League films , though he did coyly remark , "  Henry will be around for a while . " Watch Henry Cavill train shirtless of ` Man of Steel ' Internationally , Man of Steel soared with $ 71.6 million in its first weekend , including $ 17.6 million in the United Kingdom and $ 9.8 million in Mexico . The film has yet to open in a number of large markets , but it 's already clear that it will easily outdo Superman Returns $ 191 million international haul . In second place , This is the End opened with $ 20.5 million , giving the raunchy R-rated comedy $ 32.8 million total since its Wednesday debut . While that 's not a huge start , Sony spent only $ 32 million on the comedy , which stars Seth Rogen , Jonah Hill , Craig Robinson , Jay Baruchel , James Franco , and Danny McBride . This is the End started in the same range as Franco and Rogen 's hit Pineapple Express , which opened with $ 23.3 million in 2008 . Thanks to great reviews and strong word-of-mouth  the film earned a fair "  B + " CinemaScore , but the polling service rarely favors edgy content  , This is the End may find legs at the box office and could become a $ 100 million hit . Audiences were 60 percent male and 48 percent below the age of 25 -- and considering Man of Steel provided direct competition for male viewers , This is the End 's healthy start is commendable . Now You See Me managed to hold strong in third place with $ 10.3 million , marking a drop of only 46 percent . Summit 's $ 75 million magician caper has now earned $ 80 million after three weekends , and if it can manage a few more slim holds , it could wind up passing $ 100 million . Fourth place belonged to Fast & Furious 6 , which fell 52 percent to $ 9.4 million in its fourth weekend . The $ 160 million Universal release has now earned $ 219.6 million total , surpassing Fast Five 's $ 209.8 million cume and making it the highest grossing Fast film domestically . Worldwide , the same is true : Fast & Furious 6 's $ 636.9 million haul is a franchise best . Last weekend 's champion , The Purge , plummeted 76 percent to $ 8.2 million in its sophomore frame . The thriller , which earned a weak "  C " CinemaScore has now earned $ 51.8 million and may have to settle for a finish in the $ 60-65 million range -- a very low number considering The Purge opened with $ 34.1 million . Universal is n't worried , though . The Purge cost only $ 3 million to produce . 1 . Man of Steel -- $ 113.1 million 2 . This is the End -- $ 20.5 million 3 . Now You See Me -- $ 10.3 million 4 . Fast & Furious 6 -- $ 9.4 million 5 . The Purge -- $ 8.2 million See the original story at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	With $ 125.1 million , ` Man of Steel ' holds the record for the biggest June opening weekend ever Star-packed comedy ` This Is the End ' took second place with $ 20.5 million Last week 's box office winner ` The Purge ' plummeted 76 % , coming in fifth place
Washington  CNN  -- Seven midshipmen were expelled from the Naval Academy for using a drug called "  spice " in violation of the Navy 's policies on illicit substance abuse , officials said . The midshipmen were "  separated from the Naval Academy " as of Thursday , said Cmdr. Joe Carpenter , spokesman for the academy . "  While we will not go into the details of individual cases , the violations of the Navy 's substance abuse policies included use and possession , " Carpenter said in a statement . "  These cases involved ` spice , ' which is considered a banned substance by the departments of Defense and Navy . " "  Spice , " also known as K2 , is a mixture of herbs and spices that typically is sprayed with a synthetic compound chemically similar to THC , the psychoactive ingredient in marijuana , according to a Drug Enforcement Administration fact sheet . "  K2 is commonly purchased in head shops , tobacco shops , various retail outlets and over the Internet , " the DEA said . "  It is often marketed as incense or ` fake weed . ' " Its effects on the body are similar to that of marijuana . The midshipmen included juniors and sophomores , Carpenter said . The academy , located in Annapolis , Maryland , did not identify them . On whether they will have to repay the cost of their education , Carpenter said the decision is up to the Department of the Navy . "  Consistent with Navy policy , the Naval Academy has a zero tolerance policy regarding illicit drug use or possession , " Carpenter said . The investigation is ongoing , he said . Other midshipmen told academy leadership about the allegations after the fall semester began , he said . In 2009 , 11 midshipmen were found to be in violation of the Navy 's substance abuse policy . In 2010 , four other midshipmen were found to be in violation . Spice is usually smoked in joints or pipes , according to the DEA , but some users make it into a tea . Its key ingredients are not regulated in the United States , but they have been banned or declared illegal in some European countries . The U.S. military has banned their use , the DEA noted . CNN 's Adam Levine contributed to this report .	` Spice ' is a form of synthetic marijuana The 7 midshipmen included sophomores and juniors They were found to be in violation of the Navy 's substance abuse policies
CNN  -- Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic could meet in the Davis Cup next year after Switzerland was paired with Serbia in the first round of the world group . Federer did n't play in the team event this year , although he might be tempted to return to action given the glamorous nature of the series . The Davis Cup and an Olympic gold in singles are the two items missing from the Swiss ' glittering resume . Federer does n't usually compete in the first round , however , skipping proceedings from 2005-2011 . His teammate , Stanislas Wawrinka , would like to have him back for the road tie . Wawrinka , coming off a tiring U.S. Open where he lost to Djokovic in the semifinals , led Switzerland to a comfortable victory against Ecuador last weekend that kept the home side in the elite group . When asked if he would have wanted Federer to text him and say that he would take his spot against Ecuador , Davis Cup regular Wawrinka was quoted as saying by the Davis Cup website : "  No , my dream is that Roger would text me and say , ` Go and win this tie and next year I 'll be a part of the team . ' " Record 32-time champion the U.S. -- without a title since 2007 -- hosts former competition powerhouse Great Britain , which claimed the last of its nine titles in 1936 . Andy Murray won all three of his matches as Great Britain defeated Croatia to return to the world group for the first time since 2008 . Defending champion the Czech Republic -- up against Serbia in this year 's final -- starts with the Netherlands at home . Rafael Nadal 's Spain visits Germany and surprise 2013 semifinalist Canada travels to Japan .	Roger Federer 's Switzerland battles Novak Djokovic 's Serbia in the Davis Cup Federer , unlike Djokovic and Rafael Nadal , has never won the prestigious team event Record champion the U.S. plays former tournament standout Great Britain Serbia faces defending champion the Czech Republic in this year 's final
CNN  -- The Pulitzer Prize winners for 2009 were announced Monday , with The New York Times capturing five of the awards . Writer Jon Meacham won a Pulitzer Prize in biography for "  American Lion : Andrew Jackson in the White House . " The Times garnered wins in the categories of breaking news reporting , investigative reporting , international reporting , criticism and feature photography . In the international reporting category , The Times won for its reporting on the battles in Afghanistan and Pakistan . In the arts , "  Olive Kitteridge " by Elizabeth Strout won for fiction , "  Slavery by Another Name : The Re-Enslavement of Black Americans from the Civil War to World War II " by Douglas A. Blackmon won in the general nonfiction category , and "  American Lion : Andrew Jackson in the White House " by Jon Meacham won for the category of biography . Among the winners in journalism categories were the Las Vegas  Nevada  Sun for public service , the San Diego  California  Union-Tribune 's Steve Breen for editorial cartooning and columnist Eugene Robinson of The Washington Post for commentary . For the first time , all 14 Pulitzer journalism categories were open for competition from news organizations that publish only on the Internet . Entirely online entries were previously permitted in only two categories : breaking news coverage and breaking news photography Since 2006 , online content from newspaper Web sites had been permitted in all Pulitzer journalism categories , but online-only newspapers were not allowed to submit entries . Despite the opportunity , there were no winners from online only news sites . Web sites for print magazines and broadcast outlets are not eligible to enter , said Sig Gissler , administrator of the Pulitzer Prizes . Amy Mitchell , deputy director for the Pew Research Center 's Project for Excellence in Journalism , said that allowing online-only publications to apply for the prestigious award is recognition of the growing importance of online media . "  Much of -LSB- media -RSB- comes from traditional press , but a lot is coming from non-traditional press as well , and that needs to be recognized along with what 's being produced in traditional media , " she said . "  We 've clearly hit a point now where we 've seen the audience migration to the Web accelerate . " Mitchell said a survey of online journalists conducted by the Project for Excellence in Journalism found some concerns about the possibility of online reporting changing the fundamental values of journalism . Those surveyed cited issues like a focus on speed and loss of accuracy as possible issues that could arise with journalism on the Web . But with those concerns , Mitchell said , comes the opportunity to tell stories in a multidimensional way . "  We see some tremendous reporting that could not exist in former modes of communication , " she said , observing that media platforms such as text , photo galleries and video can not only be connected but be used to connect journalists to Internet users and Internet users to each other . "  Those are tremendous changes , " she said . Robert M. Steele , the Eugene S. Pulliam Distinguished Visiting Professor of Journalism at DePauw University in Indiana , said the core values of accuracy and fairness have to be honored , no matter the method of reporting . Still , Steele said , further opening the Pulitzer Prizes to online publications "  gives further weight to the role that digital journalism plays in this era . " "  In some ways , it 's increased legitimacy for new forms of delivering journalism , " Steele said . "  It also heightens the discussion about the distinction between basic information and substantive journalism . Just because somebody throws something online does n't mean it is journalism . " David Plotz , editor of Slate , said his site did not apply for the Pulitzers despite what he believes was his publication 's exceptional political , technology and business coverage . "  We are not a hard-news site , and we do n't do the kinds of stories and projects that have traditionally been awarded , " Plotz said . Plotz said the recognition for online journalism is more than warranted . "  It 's an overdue acknowledgement that some of the best journalism in the world and in America is being created not for print publication but for places that live entirely on the Web , " he said . "  There 's so much of it that does n't ever get into a print publication and yet is as important to shaping the debate and to changing how people think about things as to anything you might read in one of our great newspapers or magazines . " Pulitzer Prizes for journalism were also awarded to the following : Bettina Boxall and Julie Cart of the Los Angeles  California  Times for explanatory reporting ; the Detroit  Michigan  Free Press Staff , and notably Jim Schaefer and M.L. Elrick and Ryan Gabrielson and Paul Giblin of the East Valley  Arizona  Tribune for local reporting ; and the staff of the St. Petersburg  Florida  Times for national reporting . Also receiving awards were Lane DeGregory of the St. Petersburg Times for feature writing ; Mark Mahoney of The Glens Falls  New York  Post-Star for editorial writing ; and Patrick Farrell of The Miami  Florida  Herald for breaking news photography . In the arts , "  Ruined " by Lynn Nottage won for drama ; "  The Hemingses of Monticello : An American Family " by Annette Gordon-Reed won for history ; "  The Shadow of Sirius " by W.S. Merwin won the poetry category ; "  Double Sextet " by Steve Reich won for music .	Prizes were awarded Monday for excellence in journalism and the arts For first time , online-only news sites could compete Slate editor : overdue acknowledgement of quality Web-based journalism
CNN  -- To his congregants , he lived the humble existence of a pastor . But a high-flying Connecticut priest was charged this week with first-degree larceny in the theft of almost $ 1.3 million from his church 's coffers to fund a lavish double life that included swanky hotels and male escorts , said Capt. Chris Corbett of the Waterbury Police Department in Connecticut . Father Kevin Gray , 64 , a former pastor at Sacred Heart Church in Waterbury , allegedly embezzled money from the church over the course of seven years . He used it to pay for fancy restaurants , clothing , vacations , hotels , a New York City apartment and a male companion 's tuition at Harvard University , according to an affidavit obtained by CNN affiliate WTIC and filed with the Connecticut Superior Court . The affidavit says that between June 2003 and March 2010 , Gray spent about $ 205,000 at high-end restaurants , $ 132,000 in hotel stays and $ 85,000 at clothing stores . While in New York City , he frequented the Waldorf Astoria , Omni Berkshire , and the W Hotel Times Square , among other posh hotels , the affidavit states . He also allegedly shopped at high-end retailers including Barneys , Armani and Saks Fifth Avenue . Along with expensive taste , Gray allegedly kept company with a number of male escorts , and allowed some to have credit cards in their name on his account . One escort , Islagar Labrada , allegedly charged more than $ 49,000 to the account . "  Some items Mr. Labrada charged included a stay at the Sheraton in Buena Vista , Florida , storage facilities , computers , computer software , cell phones , anti-aging creams , artwork , Louis Vuitton stores , a home alarm system and bicycles , " the affidavit reads . "  Mr Labrada also charged $ 8,864.69 to Crunch Fitness Gym for membership fees . " Another man , Weirui Zhong , who told police he met Gray in Central Park in 2005 , said Gray paid for his rented apartment in New York , a piano , dogs and Harvard University tuition since 2008 , according to the affidavit . Zhong told authorities that when he pressed Gray about why he was always paying him with checks from Sacred Heart Church , Gray told him that he won big cases as an attorney , and that he put all his live savings into the church account . He also lied to Zhong and his parishioners that he was suffering from cancer , the affidavit says . "  Gray became very bitter with the church starting in 2001 when he was transferred to a parish in New Hartford while his mother was dying in New Haven , " according to the affidavit . "  Mr. Gray stated that when he started in 2003 , he began taking the money because he felt the Church owed it to him . " His official salary over those seven years totaled just over $ 184,000 , or almost $ 27,000 a year . According to the affidavit , Gray scammed an additional $ 221,000 in 2005 by signing an agreement with Wireless Capital Partners , a communications company based in Los Angeles , California , to allow a wireless antenna to be placed in the church , though doing so was strictly prohibited . Gray 's scheme came to light after a routine audit of the church 's finances by the Archdiocese of Hartford found numerous accounting discrepancies . "  At the financial level , the Archdiocese continues to work with the parish to improve its financial controls and to address issues arising from the situation such as insurance coverage and outstanding indebtedness , " the Archdiocese said in a statement . "  At the spiritual level , we continue to pray for healing and consolation for the parish family as it moves forward , and for guidance and reconciliation for Father Gray . "	Connecticut priest charged in stealing almost $ 1.3 million from church Father Kevin Gray allegedly funded a lavish double life It included swanky hotels and male escorts , police said It happened between June 2003 and March 2010
CNN  -- A second Massachusetts state chemist in just a few months has been accused of mishandling drug evidence , the attorney general 's office said Sunday . Sonja Farak , 35 , who worked at the Massachusetts State Crime Laboratory in Amherst , was arrested at her Northampton home Saturday night by Massachusetts State Police and is facing two counts of tampering with evidence , one count of possession of a Class A substance , and one count of possession of a Class B Substance , according to Attorney General Martha Coakley . Farak remained in jail Sunday , the attorney general 's office said . "  We allege that this chemist tampered with evidence , placing the integrity of that evidence in question , " Coakley said in a statement . This arrest comes just three months after the arrest of Annie Dookhan , a former Massachusetts chemist at the William A. Hinton State Laboratory in Jamaica Plain , who is charged with obstruction of justice , mishandling of drug evidence and lying about holding a master 's degree in chemistry from the University of Massachusetts . Dookhan , 34 , faces charges in several counties in Massachusetts because she had previously testified in various trials in her former official capacity as a chemist . A preliminary investigation found that Dookhan may have touched 60,000 samples that were involved in 34,000 drug cases . Massachusetts authorities are reviewing the sentences of 1,140 people who are in prison after being convicted with evidence at least partly provided by Dookhan . It is still unknown whether the accusations against Farak will jeopardize other drug cases , and this most recent investigation is ongoing and is being treated separately from Dookhan 's . In a news conference Sunday regarding Farak 's arrest , Coakley noted that "  unlike our allegations against Annie Dookhan , this did not involve ` dry labbing ' or falsification of tests . On its face , the allegations against this chemist do not implicate the reliability of testing done or fairness to defendants . " "  Dry labbing " is the practice of merely visually identifying samples instead of performing the required chemical test , the attorney general said . The crime laboratory in Amherst stores and analyzes alleged controlled substances seized by local and state police . According to the news release from the attorney general 's office , workers at the Amherst laboratory contacted state police on Friday to report a discrepancy in the controlled substance inventory held in evidence . An investigation was immediately launched . Based on the investigation , authorities allege that Farak tampered with drug evidence at the lab . In one instance , it appeared that Farak had removed a substance from a case that had previously tested positive for cocaine and replaced it with a counterfeit substance that no longer tested positive , the release said . Authorities also determined that Farak allegedly possessed what appeared to be Class A and B substances , the release said . Brad Puffer , spokesman for the attorney general 's office , told CNN that the substances under investigation were heroin and cocaine . CNN 's attempts to reach an attorney representing Farak were unsuccessful . She is expected to be arraigned on Tuesday morning in Eastern Hampshire District Court . CNN 's Michael Martinez and Marlena Baldacci contributed to this report .	Massachusetts chemist accused of tampering with evidence , drug possession Sonja Farak took heroin , cocaine from evidence inventory , attorney general alleges Another chemist was accused of tampering , affecting 34,000 drug cases , in October
CNN  -- South Africa 's "  Blade Runner " Oscar Pistorius is still struggling to qualify for the Commonwealth Games despite smashing his own Paralympic record in Britain on Saturday . The 23-year-old , a double-amputee , triumphed at the 400 meters T44 event at London 's Crystal Palace , setting a new leading time of 47.03 seconds . Pistorius , who won the right to compete against able-bodied athletes in 2008 , was a clear winner in the Paralympics-ratified race as he finished 4.61 seconds ahead of British runner-up Ian Jones . However , with South Africa due to name its team for the October 3-14 Games in Delhi later this month , time is running out for him to attain the qualifying standard of 45.95 . Pistorius did not qualify for the 2008 Olympics but set his previous world 400m record of 47.49 in winning gold at the Paralympics in Beijing . He ran in a 400m B race in London on Friday night , but the damp conditions were unsuited to his carbon-fiber prosthetic limbs and he finished outside of the qualifying time with 46.93 as he placed seventh . Meanwhile , American runner Jeremy Wariner clinched his fifth consecutive Diamond League victory this season when he won the 400m in London on Saturday . The triple Olympic gold medal winner came home in 44.67 to head off Jamaicans Jermaine Gonzales  44.80  and Ricardo Chambers  45.18  . His compatriot Allyson Felix followed up her 200m win on Friday by claiming a double as she triumphed in the 400m from Russia 's European champion Tatyna Firova and fellow U.S. runner Debbie Dunn . Marshevet Myers won the women 's 100m from fellow American Carmelita Jeter , and their compatriot Wallace Spearmon won the men 's event . David Oliver romped to his fifth victory of the series in the 110m hurdles to seal a successful night for U.S. athletes .	Oscar Pistorius breaks his Paralympic 400-meters record in race in London South African sets new time of 47.03 seconds to beat his mark from Beijing in 2008 Double-amputee still outside qualifying time needed for Commonwealth Games Americans Jeremy Wariner and Allyson Felix dominate at Diamond League meeting
Cairo  CNN  -- U.S. Sens. John McCain and John Kerry focused on the U.S. and Egyptian economies during a trip to Egypt Saturday and Sunday . Their stop in Cairo was part of a broader trip to promote U.S. economic ties in the region . "  As America continues to struggle with its economic recovery , we face no more urgent priority than to expand our trade and investment in the world , " McCain said in a Sunday statement . But he warned that the success or failure of Egypt 's revolution will depend on the health of the Egyptian economy . In an effort to spur U.S. investment in Egypt , Kerry and McCain led a delegation of American businessmen representing companies including General Electric , Coca-Cola , Boeing , Dow , Marriott International and Exxon Mobil . Early Sunday morning , McCain and Kerry rang the opening bell at the Egyptian Stock Exchange in Cairo . Later in the day , the two traveled to a Coca-Cola plant within the city that supplies 46 countries with Coke products . McCain reiterated , in a speech at the plant , America 's willingness to provide Egypt with political and financial assistance during the country 's transitional phase . "  The American people , on a non-partisan basis , want to see this revolution succeed , " McCain said . "  The American people will live in a more secure world if this revolution succeeds . " In his remarks at the plant , Kerry mentioned a new "  enterprise fund " that would provide "  several hundreds of millions of dollars " to help Egyptian small businesses . Billions of dollars are needed to revive Egypt 's economy , Kerry said , but the United States is willing , along with other countries , to provide assistance . This is McCain 's third trip to Egypt since the January 25 revolution that drove former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak from power . Kerry has also visited Egypt twice since Mubarak resigned February 11 . Their visit also included meetings with high-ranking Egyptian officials , including the head of Egypt 's interim government , Field Marshal Mohamed Tantawi , who leads the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces . The two also met with Egypt 's prime minister and minister of finance . McCain reiterated the United States ' desire to allow international monitors to observe Egypt 's upcoming parliamentary and presidential elections , which are scheduled for later this fall . After meeting with Tantawi , both senators expressed confidence that the ruling Supreme Council of the Armed Forces would hand over power to a civilian government after the election . "  This election is an election that the world can see that there was accountability and there was transparency and that indeed the voice of the people of Egypt was heard , " said Kerry .	A stop in Cairo is part of a broader trip to promote U.S. economic ties The senators are leading a delegation of American businessmen Both McCain and Kerry spoke at a Coca-Cola plant in Cairo They also met with Egyptian leaders
CNN  -- Filing nervously into a sports hall in Mosul , northern Iraq , around 20 girls prepared to practice gymnastics . Compared to their male counterparts at Mosul University 's Faculty of Sport , their number is small . Another difference is that the gates to the sports hall were locked behind them and an announcement made that the hall was exclusively allocated for women . Liqaa Abdul Muttalib , a rhythmic gymnastics trainer says the facilities are not ideal : "  There are pillars in the hall which limit free movement and rotational flips . This hall was initially designed for physical fitness . " Behind another locked gate Ammar Shihab was coaching the university 's recently formed five-a-side female football team . "  Women 's participation has shrunk following the 2003 events , " said Shihab . "  However , this did not prevent women from exercising and participating in sports tournaments . Our women 's football team took part in the tournament that took place in Syria in 2010 . " On the separation between the two genders in sports Shihab thinks "  it is a right step for both of them at the present time . " It seems that the way society views women in Mosul and much of the surrounding Nineveh province is reflected in the attitude towards women 's participation in sports . Some believe that it 's inappropriate , like Nihad Mohamed Qais , is a 22-year-old student . "  I do n't like women 's participation in sports . It is not a civilized phenomenon . Therefore , I will not allow my sister or a female relative to participate in sports or to join an athletic club or faculty , " he said . "  What makes me reject the idea is what I heard about the presence of boys and girls together , in addition to the presence of male coaches . I also do not like the idea of women wearing sports uniforms . " While the majority of men in Mosul do not agree with women 's participation in sports , some women support it . One of them is 20 year old Dhikra . "  I do encourage women 's engagement in sports , provided that they do their exercises in the absence of men so that they will feel at ease , at least with regard to wearing the sports uniform , " she said . "  I believe that religious considerations are the main reason behind the families ' objections to their daughters joining faculties of sport . " Khalid Abdul Majeed is Deputy Representative of the Olympic Committee in Nineveh . He also believes that family disapproval and social conditions prevent more women participating in sport , as well as more of them wearing hijab  head scarves "  We have a female volleyball team which ranks second in Iraq , " said Majeed . "  However , all the teams are found in Nineveh Plain because of the better security situation in the area as well as the positive social views about female athletes , which is almost free of perceptions of inferiority . " Duaa Sabhan , 22 , a talented and enthusiastic athlete , said that wearing the hijab did not prevent her from taking part in sports . "  I do not support the present separation between us and our male colleagues , " she said . "  There is nothing that prevents me from exercising with them . I do n't pay attention to society 's views because my sole wish is to learn and improve my athletic skills . My father often encourages me to get rid of the state of social shyness . " When society constitutes a barrier , parents may support their daughters and lead them towards success and allow them to travel and participate in athletic contests . But the case of Sabhan is quite different from that of Riyam Ali who plays on the five-a-side football team . "  My family did not allow me to join the Faculty of Physical Education , " she said . "  Therefore , at the end of the day , when my lectures finish , I join the team to attend training drills and exercises . Of course my male and female colleagues do not know about my coming here because they do not welcome the idea . " In Iraq religion has its say concerning women 's involvement in sport and taking part in contests . "  Women 's sport nowadays is a cause for molestation of women , particularly the sports that are covered by media and broadcast to the public , " said Skeikh Ahmed Ghanim , imam and preacher at the Islamic Awakening Mosque and a member of Iraq 's Scholars Association in Nineveh . "  The aim of this is merely to export women to the West . However , women may exercise and do their drills inside confined halls , separately from men , while wearing their legal dresses . " "  The limited role of women in the athletic field in terms of winning medals , good results , flags and participation does not constitute any risk to the country , and female athletes winning medals and cups is not an achievement for the country and does not contribute to its development , " Sheikh Ghanim added . Religious and social views are almost the same and seem to have contributed to the difficulties many women find in joining in sports in Iraq .	Women in Mosul , northern Iraq , must practice sports behind closed , locked doors Many men and women disapprove of women in sport and are against mixed gender training Situation is different outside of Mosul where there is a more positive view of women in sport Some use wearing of hijab as excuse to say women can not compete effectively in sports
A New York high school student has made it to the Elite Eight in a different sort of March Madness . Kwasi Enin of Shirley has been accepted by the eight Ivy League schools -- Harvard , Yale , Brown , Columbia , University of Pennsylvania , Dartmouth , Princeton and Cornell -- and then some . He will have his choice as the decision deadline of May 1 approaches . "  I applied knowing that going to any of the Ivy League schools would be wonderful , " Enin told CNN . "  I thought if I applied to all eight , I figured I 'd get into one ... but from the first one onwards I said , ` This ca n't be happening ! ' I was shocked seeing all these acceptances under my name . " Enin scored 2250 out of a possible 2400 on his SAT , placing him in the 98th percentile across the country , according to The College Board . He 's also ranked 11th in his class at William Floyd High School , a public school on Long Island , according to his principal , Barbara Butler . Butler said Enin is not only a model academic student but also plays three instruments for the chamber orchestra , sings in an a cappella group , throws shot put and discus for the high school 's track and field team , participates in student government and has had a lead role in school plays since the ninth grade . "  Usually kids are good athletes or good musicians or good actors , but they do n't have all three and then on top add student government . It 's a balancing act . He somehow finds time to do it all and then volunteer at a local hospital , " Butler said . Butler has been Enin 's principal for six years in both middle and high school . "  He is an incredibly modest , humble and respectable person , " Butler said . "  He is incredibly dedicated and he has his priorities straight . He takes advantage of whatever opportunity he is afforded . " Rachel Rubin , the founder of Spark Admissions in Massachusetts , who also previously served on admissions committees at selective universities , said the feat is extremely rare . "  It 's quite atypical , " Rubin said , adding that most students do not apply to all the Ivy League schools . "  Standardized test scores and good grades will get a student in the door to have their application read , " Rubin said . "  But it 's their extracurricular activities , leadership experience , exceptional talents , recommendation letters and personal essays that will move a student from a pile of ` maybes ' to a pile of ` accepted . ' " Harvard 's acceptance rate , among the most selective in the country , was just 5.9 % for the applicants for the class of 2017 , according to its admissions site . Enin was also accepted to Duke University and three State University of New York campuses . Although Enin has yet to make a decision , there seems to be a front-runner . "  I 'm thinking about Yale . I really liked their sense of family , relationships between undergraduates and professors , and the residential college . They also have a strong biomedical engineering program , which is a wonderful combination of biology and creative tools that doctors and health care professionals can use . " Enin added that Yale also has a strong music program , one of his beloved hobbies that he hopes to continue when he is n't hitting the books in college . He hopes to one day pursue medicine , a dream of his that just so happens to align with his parents ' careers . His parents , who immigrated from Ghana in the late 1980s , are both nurses and pushed Enin to receive the highest grades possible and follow his dreams . "  Health care is a prominent field that satisfies people beyond finances and edifies people and is about moral development , " he said . His advice for future applicants ? "  Follow your passions in high school and not just follow suit for what you think can get you into these schools , " he said . "  Develop your outside interests -- not just academics . "	Kwasi Enin , 17 , has been accepted to all eight Ivy League schools and then some "  He is incredibly dedicated and he has his priorities straight , " his principal says Enin plays three instruments , is on the track and field team and acts in plays
An Indian man slapped a movie star in the face during the filming of a TV show in Mumbai because of the length of her dress , police said . The man , Mohammad Akil Malik , is accused of assaulting Gauhar Khan , an actress and TV host , in a break in shooting for a music-themed reality show on Sunday evening , said V.S. Chavan , a local police official . Malik also tried to "  manhandle " Khan while asking her why she was wearing a short dress , Chavan said Tuesday . He demanded to know "  how she could wear skimpy outfits and dance to cheap songs despite being a Muslim , " the Times of India reported , citing an unidentified police official . Private security guards from the TV show overpowered Malik at the scene and handed him over to police . Malik , who works as a driver , was arrested on charges of assault , molestation and threatening behavior and is due to appear in court on Thursday , Chavan said . Khan has acted in several Bollywood films . She gained widespread attention last year thanks to her role in another Indian reality show . ` Slumdog ' star : Rape could happen to me	Gauhar Khan was attacked during the filming of a reality TV show The man accused of assaulting her objected to her dress , police say Report : He asked her how she could wear such an outfit as a Muslim He faces charges of assault , molestation and threatening behavior
Shrimp crawling around rock chimneys spewing hot water deep in the Caribbean Sea may hold clues to the kinds of life that can thrive in extreme environments on other planets , NASA says . The shrimp are called Rimicaris hybisae  no , we ca n't pronounce it either  . They live in clumps on hydrothermal vents 7,500 feet underwater , where temperatures reach 750 degrees Fahrenheit and it 's very , very dark . The water near the vents is cool enough for the shrimp to live in . The very hot water spewing from the vents is where their dinner is cooked . The shrimp dine on carbohydrates produced by bacteria living inside the vents . So what does that have to with space aliens ? If these bacteria can survive in these extreme conditions of Earth , maybe it can happen on other worlds , such as Jupiter 's icy moon Europa , which has a subsurface ocean . "  For two-thirds of the Earth 's history , life has existed only as microbial life , " said Max Coleman , senior research scientist at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory . "  On Europa , the best chance for life would be microbial . " "  Whether an animal like this could exist on Europa heavily depends on the actual amount of energy that 's released there , through hydrothermal vents , " said Emma Versteegh , a postdoctoral fellow at JPL . The elusive Black Seadevil is finally ready for its closeup So the shrimp eat stuff cranked out by the bacteria -- but what do the bacteria eat ? Scientist say they get their energy by using chemical reactions ; since hydrogen sulfide is abundant in the vents , they use it to make organic matter . What happens to the shrimp when they ca n't find any bacteria to produce carbs for them ? They turn into carnivores , maybe even cannibals . Researchers say they found bits of crustaceans in the shrimps ' guts and guess which crustacean is in big supply in the area ? Rimicaris hybisae . .	Shrimp dine on carbohydrates produced by bacteria living inside underwater volcanic vents If bacteria can survive in these conditions on Earth , maybe it can happen on other worlds Jupiter 's icy moon of Europa is the subject of speculation
Editor 's note : A nationally syndicated columnist , Roland S. Martin is the author of "  Listening to the Spirit Within : 50 Perspectives on Faith " and "  Speak , Brother ! A Black Man 's View of America . " Visit his Web site for more information . Roland S. Martin says Sasha Obama is from a generation raised in a diverse world and open to possibility . WASHINGTON  CNN  -- There are so many things that we could take away and remember forever regarding the inauguration of the first African-American president in the history of the United States , but I 'll always remember the laughter of a little girl . Shortly after President-elect Barack Obama finished the oath and became President Barack Obama , he joined hands with his family and waved to the cheering voices of 1.8 million people packed from the Capitol to the Lincoln Memorial . People cried , others hugged , celebrities and everyday folks snapped photos to capture the moment . There really was an amazing energy that permeated the crowd as we all witnessed a barrier come tumbling down before our eyes . But what stood out for me was a moment when President Obama looked down at his 7-year-old daughter , Sasha , and she said something to him , and then let out this huge laugh . I do n't know whether it was her statement or his response , but the bubbly child was having the time of her life . The sheer joy that was on her face as she grinned from ear to ear caused me to just start laughing as I watched her reaction . I was shooting photos from the CNN platform just across from where he spoke , and one of the many images was of a beaming Sasha alongside her mom and 10-year-old sister , Malia . Can you imagine what was going through this young girl 's mind , to see her father stand there and take the oath of office ? As I saw her that day , and later bouncing along a sidewalk as she walked with her father , my niece Anastacia came to mind . Their smiles and bouncy walk are so much alike , and both are the same age . These young girls , and countless other black children , among others , will grow up in an America where what they can imagine is backed up by what they see . Despite the reality that racism has n't left us , these children have the advantage of not being burdened with being separated by race . So much has been written about today 's generation living in a world where hip-hop music brought them all together in one room , coupled with the diverse images on television and movies . Their reality is not the reality of their parents , and we will see that play out a lot in the future . What also is most compelling about this age of Obama is how he has been received thus far internationally . Many political experts are simply stunned that a man who has only been on the national stage for five years would have so much good will across the pond . Of course , a lot of that has to do with the fact that President George W. Bush and his team were seen as running roughshod over their international partners , praising them when they needed something , and savaging them when they disagreed with the U.S. position . Yet what we also ca n't ignore is that Obama 's skin tone also plays a central role . Americans may be shocked to find out that people of color make up two-thirds of the world population . They know all too well about America 's pathetic and violent history of enslaving and later oppressing African-Americans , and it was always seen as ridiculous for U.S. officials to condemn human rights abuses abroad while racial and other forms of discrimination existed in their own backyard . Obama 's election sends a powerful signal to the world that Americans are backing up their rhetoric and ideals with action , and Obama serves as that powerful symbol . Barack Hussein Obama now has the opportunity to show those who voted for him -- and those who did n't -- that the change he often spoke about can come to pass . If he is able to fulfill many of the promises he made during the campaign , he will go down as one of America 's most successful presidents , looked at fondly by the American people . And if he does , maybe we 'll end up having the same smile he received courtesy of Sasha . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	Roland Martin : Sasha Obama laughed joyously after her father took the oath He says her generation wo n't have the same racial burden as its parents Martin : Sasha is growing up in a world of diversity , with great possibilities Martin : In a diverse world , Obama 's skin tone strengthens America
CNN  -- At least 30 Al-Shabaab militants in Somalia were killed in a joint raid by Kenyan and Somali forces Saturday , officials said . The operation targeted an Al-Shabaab hideout in Kolbio , Somalia , Col. Cyrus Oguna of the Kenyan Defense Force said . The al Qaeda-linked Islamist group has been connected to the attack in Nairobi 's Westgate mall last month where 67 people were killed . Saturday 's raid follows another operation earlier in the week , where Kenyan warplanes targeted a militant training camp inside Somalia . Kenyan officials say the terror group has used camps to train operatives , including attackers who targeted Westgate mall .	At least 30 militants are killed in the joint operation It targeted a hideout in Kolbio , Somalia , Kenyan Defense Force official says It comes on the heels of a raid by Kenyan warplanes on a training camp
CNN  -- The European Council of December 8 produced a curious mixture of cohesion and disagreement . Cohesion was apparent among the eurozone countries  and a number of other countries  which all accepted the essence of the Franco-German proposal to make the limits on economic policy even more legally binding , now called officially a "  fiscal compact . " On the substance the new fiscal compact is a case of "  now we really mean it . " In the old Stability and Growth Pact , member countries had already solemnly declared their commitment to achieve a balanced budget over the cycle . But this was never achieved ; and when both France and Germany had deficits exceeding 3 % of GDP in the early 2000s they simply cobbled together a majority to change the interpretation of the Stability Pact to allow them to avoid fines . Under the new fiscal compact this should no longer be possible . Member countries from now have to observe a limit on their cyclically adjusted fiscal deficits of 0.5 % of GDP . This number is almost exactly the same as the new constitutional rule Germany adopted recently . All member countries have undertaken to enshrine this rule in their constitutions and submit control of it to the European Court of Justice . How to get to this lofty goal was left open . On current projections only two member countries will actually satisfy the limit of the euro fiscal compact : Germany and Italy . Given that Italy is now the biggest headache for the eurozone , this may seem surprising -- Italy does not have a deficit problem . The problem of Italy is its high debt level , or rather the need to roll over large amounts of debt coming due at acceptable rates . The fiscal compact will do little to alleviate this problem . Most other member countries , especially France , will have to undertake a major fiscal adjustment if they are to adhere to the limits of the new fiscal compact . It remains to be seen how the French parliament will react when this becomes more widely appreciated . The new fiscal compact is certainly not needed to deal with the acute crisis at hand . At present there is no need for fines or interventions by the European Court of Justice to force countries bring their budget in order . The pressure from financial markets is already so strong that Italy has already implemented changes that more than satisfy the new limit given . The country is on course to achieve fiscal balance in two years . The true significance of this agreement in the short run is that it might provide political comfort for the German government . Angela Merkel can now claim to the German public that the financial support Germany has given to the periphery will not be wasted because these countries have accepted a permanent fiscal straight jacket . The French and German leaders felt vindicated by the fact that their proposal had been accepted not only all euro area countries but also a number of other EU member countries . The disagreement with the UK was not about the substance of this fiscal compact , which would anyway have no implications for the British government , nor for the British economy . The opposition of the UK did not allow the euro states to make full use of the EU framework . This is why a new , intergovernmental treaty , will now have to be negotiated . This can actually be done quicker than a full-fledged revision of the EU Treaty , which requires an elaborate and time-consuming procedure . If the new limits on deficits really are adhered to , last week 's agreement will signal a fundamental change . Fiscal policy would be mostly on automatic pilot and debt levels should decline continuously . It remains to be seen whether national parliaments will fully swallow this loss of sovereignty . If credible this fiscal compact should lead to a massive improvement in the rating of sovereign debt in the euro area . A first test might come soon , when the ratings agencies have to decide whether to follow through on downgrade warnings issued before the summit . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Daniel Gros	Daniel Gros is the Director of the Centre for European Policy Studies in Brussels Advised committee which developed original plans for the Economic and Monetary Union If members adhere to deficit limits , new pact signals ` fundamental change ' Test could soon come if ratings agencies follow through on credit warnings
CNN  -- An Oklahoma death row inmate received a drug commonly used to euthanize animals Thursday because of a nationwide shortage of sodium thiopental , the drug usually used as the sedative in its three-drug execution cocktail . John David Duty was convicted and sentenced to die for strangling his 22-year-old cellmate , Curtis Wise , with shoe laces in 2001 . At the time , he was serving three life sentences for rape , robbery and shooting with intent to kill from a 1978 conviction . "  To the family of Curtis Wise , I 'd like to make my apology . I hope one day you will be able to forgive me , not for my sake but for your own . My family and friends are here too . Thank you . You 've all been a blessing . Thank you . Lord Jesus , I am ready to go home , " Duty said before he was executed . Duty 's execution was the last in the United States in 2010 and is believed to be the first in the country to use pentobarbital in a lethal injection . Sodium thiopental is a rapid-onset , short-acting barbiturate that causes unconsciousness . Duty 's attorneys argued that pentobarbital was risky and unsafe . But an Oklahoma judge disagreed and last month approved its use in place of sodium thiopental . The sedative is the first drug in Oklahoma 's lethal injection protocol . It is followed by vecuronium bromide , a drug that causes paralysis and stops breathing . The third drug , potassium chloride , stops the heart . Pentobarbital is used in a similar manner for animal euthanizations .	NEW : John David Duty pronounced dead at 6:18 p.m. CT Pentobartibal is used to euthanize animals Sodium thiopental , usually used for executions , is in short supply
Ben & Jerry 's has apologized for putting fortune cookies in pints of its "  Taste the Lin-Sanity " frozen yogurt sold at its Harvard Square , Massachusetts , location in honor of basketball sensation Jeremy Lin . "  We offer a heartfelt apology if anyone was offended by our handmade Lin-Sanity flavor , " read a statement issued Friday on behalf of Ben & Jerry 's Boston Scoop Shops . "  We are proud and honored to have Jeremy Lin hail from one of our fine , local universities and we are huge sports fans . Our intention was to create a flavor to honor Jeremy Lin 's accomplishments and his meteoric rise in the NBA , and recognize that he was a local Harvard graduate , " the statement said . "  We try  to  demonstrate our commitment as a Boston-based , valued-led business and if we failed in this instance we offer our sincere apologies . " The fortune cookies have since been replaced with waffle cookies . The misstep is n't the only one that has surrounded the hype over the Asian-American guard for the NBA 's New York Knicks . ESPN fired a writer over a controversial headline . The headline read "  Chink in the Armor : Jeremy Lin 's 9 Turnovers Cost Knicks in Streak-stopping Loss to Hornets . " The phrase -- Chink in the Armor -- contains a word that has two meanings ; one is an ethnic slur . An anchor who used the same phrase was suspended , the sports network said last Sunday . Lin , 23 , came off the bench earlier this month to guide the Knicks to win after improbable win . The unlikely star of Taiwanese descent quickly turned into a global brand and "  Linsanity " became the phrase of the times .	NBA phenom Jeremy Lin is a Harvard graduate Ice cream shop put fortune cookies in flavor named for him Ben & Jerry 's location has since removed that ingredient ESPN fired a writer over an offensive headline about Lin
CNN  -- "  Today I will fight again . This disease will not own me or define me . " These are the words I like to begin each day with , stating my intent out loud . Somehow it seems if I actually hear it , it 's easier to live it and believe it . I have Crohn 's disease , for which there is no cure -- a disease that requires a daily personal battle with things most of us prefer not to discuss with others . And for those who must deal with it , one thing is certain . It 's horrible , it 's overwhelming , and it 's humiliating . The humiliation factor is a major reason so many suffer in silence -- the evidence of the disease and the treatments are things you just do n't tell others about . So you find yourself facing the challenges alone -- the pain that literally doubles you over without warning : nausea , life-threatening bowel obstructions , incontinence , dehydration , intravenous feeding , fatigue and depression . There is also the ever-present threat of surgery , ostomies and permanent damage to my body . There are long days without any food or water , followed by multiple days of clear liquids only . Doctors : A new era in Crohn 's disease Each person suffering from the disease will have their own private hell made up of variations of these components , but all will share the guarantee of loss of normal life , and the knowledge that there is no cure . During my worst times it 's been so tough that , exhausted from battling the pain , frustration and fear , I 've cried myself to sleep on the bathroom floor . There are many , many drugs and some forms of chemotherapy treatments that may bring about remission in Crohn 's cases but no guarantees . And even with remission , the fear and questions linger -- will it come back ? Every healthy day is a blessing that carries a black cloud on the horizon . There is relief as you realize you have a reprieve from the disease but a lingering sense of anxiety as you contemplate the "  what if " that hangs just above your head , depriving you of real peace . It 's a daily struggle to keep the fear and uncertainty at bay and enjoy the moments that feel "  normal . " So I will focus just on today . Teen diagnoses her Crohn 's disease in science class I rise early so I can exercise -- exercise helps battle the fatigue that , because of an inability to absorb nutrition from food , is the out-of-control demon affecting each day . I dress for work , pack my small meals and snacks from the very short list of things that I can easily digest . Others will see the confinements of my diet as depressing , but for me they are delicacies that are far preferable to the too-often-required clear liquid diet . The freedom to consume real food , and to do so by mouth instead of through a tube , is a gift I treasure at each meal , and that I never take for granted . Saying blessings before my meals has taken on a new meaning as I give thanks and pray that some nourishment will be retained as my food speeds through my system . This is important to prevent dehydration and/or artificial feeding . Next , I fill my pill divider with the 13 doses of six medications I will take that day , almost hourly . Four times a month , I 'll give myself a scheduled injection of vitamin B12 . Monthly injections from a caregiver are part of the drill twice a month , but if today is not one of those days , I 'm good to go . There will be no spontaneity to my day . A sudden , last-minute invitation to lunch will be met with "  I 'd love to , but I already have plans , " a small white lie that keeps me from having to explain . An invite to dinner , drinks , a movie or shopping will be met with a similar excuse . Trying not to appear anti-social while repeatedly declining all invitations has resulted in a neat little list of interchangeable excuses . Even a meeting will require advance notice and preparation if it takes place around a meal . Menus must be reviewed in advance , and medication dosages slightly altered . And more often than not , even with all this preparation it will just turn out to be "  a bad day " and a last-minute cancellation will be unavoidable . Occasionally this happens around events that are really important to me , such as a wedding or a family member 's funeral . Missing these events brings frustration , anger and eventually leaves me in tears . But acceptance will finally come as I make peace with what I know ca n't be changed . So most days , it 's easier to just give in and have no plans . I can replace the anxiety of "  what happens if " with the comfort and security of home , where my safe foods , medicine , supplies and a comfortable resting place all reside . I need the downtime and the extra rest , because tomorrow I 'll do it all again . My battle closely resembles the battle fought by those with colon cancer . Suffering from Crohn 's disease can mean debilitating pain , fistula surgery and diarrhea that can be so severe it can bring on dehydration . Like colon cancer , remission is possible , but recurrence is probable . Like colon cancer , a variety of medications and treatments can help with the effects , but they are strong medications that bring their own set of problems and risks . While Crohn 's disease itself is not terminal , the complications often result in death . Keeping it under control requires a real commitment to fight and a resolve to sustain that commitment every day . The motivation to fight is the strong desire to not suffer , and deviation often results in serious illness . Each surgery or flare-up leaves me with a little bigger battle to face , so I keep fighting . And yet I do feel lucky -- lucky to be alive and grateful to be in the midst of a season of fewer struggles . I am blessed , and I truly understand that in the big scheme of things this struggle is but a moment . And in this season of reprieve . I carry the cold knowledge that there are more than 1 million other people suffering like me . So few people understand this disease , yet it 's part of the lives of so many people all around them . I hope to help change that . I tell my story only to help bring a little attention to what life is like for those who battle Crohn 's -- because sharing equals attention , and attention equals awareness . And awareness builds hope that something can be done -- maybe not in my lifetime , but perhaps in my children 's . That 's important because the probability of my children being diagnosed increased the day I was diagnosed . So today , I share . And today I will fight again , with every intention of winning . Crohn 's diagnosis means lifelong battle	Crohn 's disease is "  horrible , it 's overwheming and it 's humiliating , " Debbi Wynn says Many with Crohn 's suffer in silence , Wynn says Even in remission , fear and anxiety linger , she says Wynn says she 's learned to be grateful for each day in remission
Beijing  CNN  -- The policeman tapping on our car window makes it clear we are in a no-go area before placing his hand over the lens of our camera . Later , filming across the road , a Chinese soldier approaches and makes it clear it is time to move on . Things are tense around the Japanese embassy in Beijing . Chinese military vehicles are clearly visible parked around the side of the building . Within minutes of our arrival there 's a flurry of activity , as soldiers and police suddenly appear speaking into walkie-talkies and making phone calls . Large protests during the weekend have raised the alert . Thousands of people across China took to the streets outside Japanese consulates . Japanese-owned businesses and restaurants were vandalized and cars overturned . It is all over a group of rocky uninhabited islands in the East China Sea that Japan says it owns -- a claim China vigorously disputes . Maritime disputes not just about China "  The Diaoyu Islands are ours , they are a part of China . It is as if they are our home . If a thief breaks into our home , do n't we have to drive the thief out ? " activist Tsang Kin Shing asked . Tsang took it upon himself to claim the islands for China . The Hong Kong-based activist , known as "  Bull , " joined others who swam out to the islands in a symbolic protest . They were detained by Japanese police but later released . Bull is happy to proclaim himself a Chinese nationalist , but he 's no fan of the ruling Communist party . 14 held after raising flag "  The Diaoyu island movement is not only aimed at the Japanese , it is also aimed at communist rule , " he said . "  We want to use it to educate our people to fight for their rights and make China truly democratic and strong . " The Diaoyu Islands -- known by Japan as Senkaku -- are indeed many things to many people . There are potential resource riches here : oil and gas and it is strategically vital . Japanese activists too have swum ashore , raising their flag . Asia 's most dangerous waters "  I believe that our landing was success if we could show that Senkaku islands are Japan 's territory and we the Japanese must protest by ourselves , " said Japanese politician Yoshihiro Kojima . It has touched off a diplomatic row . Chinese analysts like Guo Xiangang , the Deputy Director of the China Institute of International Studies -- a think tank connected to China 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs -- says it is rooted in history and age-old hatred but reasserted Beijing 's sovereignty claim . "  There should n't be any discussion on Diaoyu Island . It has always been a part of China , " he said . When it comes to China 's relations with Japan , history runs deep and often venomous . The islands are symbolic of what many in China see as unfinished business , redressing the impact of Japanese occupation in the 1930s and 1940s . China says its claim on Diaoyu extends back hundreds of years . Japan says China ceded sovereignty when it lost the Sino-Japanese war in 1895 . Japan 's surrender in World War II clouded the issue again . The islands were administered by the U.S. occupation force after the war . But in 1972 Washington returned them to Japan as part of its withdrawal from Okinawa . That , says Guo , is where the current troubles begin . "  The U.S. handed over the island to Japan for its own purpose during the Cold War . So , personally , I think the U.S. should take the blame for the dispute of Diaoyu island , " he said . The U.S. says it is not taking a position in the current dispute . But it is treaty bound to defend its ally Japan . Adding to the tension , the U.S. and Japan have started joint war games . It is a routine annual event but this year the aim is to seize an island . For now this is just an exercise , but with tensions running high , there are fears it could become reality . Japan deporting Chinese held over island landing	Uninhabited island group in East China Sea claimed by China and Japan Japan administers islands known as Senkaku by Tokyo and Diaoyu by China Thousands took part in anti-Japan protests across China recently Followed arrest by Japan of pro-China activists who landed on the islands
CNN  -- Hundreds filled a small-town Michigan church on a chilly and overcast Tuesday to say a final goodbye to a teenage hero who died just after scoring a winning shot that lifted his high school 's basketball team to a perfect winning season . Friends and family paid their last respects at a funeral for 16-year-old Wes Leonard of Fennville . The night before , his teammates charged into a gym , wearing T-shirts emblazoned with his number -- 35 -- and the phrase , "  Never forgotten . " Fans erupted in a standing ovation and wiped away tears during a moment of silence before the tipoff of Fennville High School 's first game without Leonard as the point guard . The Blackhawks won their first state playoff game , 65-54 , before a crowd of thousands . "  This was a game he would like to watch . There 's no doubt his eyes were upon us , " Fennville coach Ryan Klingler told reporters , choking back tears . Friends came to the game with homemade shirts and signs , saying he was their angel on the court , CNN affiliate WZZM reported . The teen 's parents sat in the sold-out crowd of nearly 3,500 people . His brother sat beside teammates on the bench . "  Wes was like a brother to us , " Fennville player Xavier Grigg told WZZM . "  We were all like family . We knew he would have wanted us to come out here and keep the streak alive . " Leonard died moments after scoring the winning basket in overtime Thursday , securing a perfect season for the Blackhawks . He scored his team 's last four points in the 57-55 victory . An autopsy Friday revealed Leonard died of cardiac arrest due to an enlarged heart , according to a statement from Dr. David A. Start , the Ottawa County chief medical examiner .	A church fills to remember high school star Wes Leonard He collapsed and died after scoring a winning basket in overtime His shot secured a perfect season for his high school team On Monday the team won their first state playoff game
CNN  -- The Rev. Robert Jeffress , a leading evangelical minister , claimed last Friday that Mormons are not Christians . Jeffress went on to declare that Mormonism is "  a cult , " meaning it 's not a "  real " religion , and he implored his followers to reject Mitt Romney , a Mormon , as a candidate for president because as Jeffress sees it : "  As Christians , we have the duty to prefer and select Christians as our leaders . " Jeffress is infamous for his past "  Christian " comments such as : Jews , gays , Muslims and Mormons are all going to hell ; Islam encourages pedophilia ; and that gays should be banned from the military because 70 % of the gay population has AIDS . At the time of Jeffress ' comments about Mormons , I happened to be in Utah , the state with the largest percentage of Mormons in the nation . I 'm not Mormon , meaning I 'm not a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints . And prior to this trip , I had met only a few members of the LDS Church . I was in Salt Lake City because I 'm performing as part of a stand-up comedy tour called "  The Muslims Are Coming , " featuring American-Muslim comedians performing free comedy shows across the country as a way , we hope , to counter misinformation and build bridges with our fellow Americans . There we were -- Muslims and Mormons -- bonding on some level because we were both the subject of attacks from people on the far right . Earlier in this presidential campaign it was our time , with Herman Cain essentially arguing for discrimination against American Muslims simply because of our faith . Now the voices of hate had turned their focus to Mormons . Over the last four days I have spent a great deal of time with members of the LDS Church . I 'm not saying that I 'm an expert on their teachings and , to be honest , I had some apprehension about Mormons because the LDS Church had publicly funded opposition to marriage equality in California , which I disagree with because I oppose discrimination against any American . But I can now say without hesitation that the LDS Church members we met represented the best of Christianity . They were truly caring and compassionate people . And perhaps it 's overly simplistic to define an entire religion by the few hundred we met , but let 's be honest : many define religions , races and ethnicities by a few of their worst examples . I prefer instead to define minority groups by their best examples . While it probably does n't matter to a person like Jeffress , the LDS members we met proudly consider themselves Christians . After all , the full name of their religion is "  The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints . " If your religion has the words "  Jesus Christ " in its name , it 's kind of a tip off that Christ 's teachings are important to you . In contrast to the hate spewed by Jeffress , we found that the Mormons we met truly represent the Christian ideal of loving your neighbor . One of the best examples we found of a true Christian was Andrew Kosorok , a proud member of the LDS Church and a talented glassmaker who created an awe-inspiring glass exhibit called "  99 Most Beautiful Names : A Sculptural Presentation of the Names of God from the Quran . " Kosorok had sacrificed hundreds of hours of time from his family and friends and spent more than $ 7,000 of his own money to create this exhibit . Why did Kosorok do this ? Because he believed that fostering understanding and countering negative misconceptions about another faith -- in this case Islam -- was part of his duty as a Christian . This passage from the New Testament is often cited as one that articulates Jesus ' philosophy : "  A new command I give you : Love one another . As I have loved you , so you must love one another . By this all men will know that you are my disciples , if you love one another . "  John 13:34 -35 In comparing the hate-filled language of Jeffress with the words and good deeds of the Mormons we met , it is clear to me who is best following the teachings of Jesus Christ and truly deserves to be called a Christian . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Rev. Robert Jeffress recently called Mormonism "  a cult " Jeffress has a long history of hateful proclamations , Obeidallah says Many Mormons are caring , compassionate people , Obeidallah says Obeidallah : Is n't compassion what Christianity is supposed to be about ?
CNN  -- Israel 's defense minister blamed Iran for a series of bombings in the Thai capital of Bangkok Tuesday , a day after attacks against the country 's diplomats in India and Georgia . "  The attempted terror attack in Thailand proves once again that Iran and its proxies continue to operate in the ways of terror and the latest attacks are an example of that , " said Defense Minister Ehud Barak , who issued the statement from Singapore , where he is currently traveling . "  Iran and Hezbollah are unrelenting terror elements endangering the stability of the region , and endangering the stability of the world , " Barak added . Two Iranians are now in custody in Thailand and another person is at large , the government said . Five people were injured , authorities said . The first bomb went off in a rental house , believed to be leased by three foreigners , according to Thai Police Maj. Gen. Pisit Pisutthisak . The three fled after the blast . Two of the men left the scene , he said . The third man detonated two more bombs -- one when a taxi driver refused to give him a ride , and another when he tried to throw a bomb at police as they closed on him . The last bomb exploded near the man , blowing off one of his legs , Pisit said . He was taken to Chulalongkorn General Hospital for treatment . Thai government spokeswoman Thitima Chaisaeng said the man in the hospital is Iranian , and that Iranian documents were found on him . Another man arrested at the airport is holding an Iranian passport and is one of the three , Thitima said . He was identified as Mohammad Hasai , 42 , and was about to leave for Malaysia , she added . Thitima told CNN that Thai intelligence agencies do n't think the incident was an act of terror because it was carried out in a sporadic way . But , she said , police think that the men may have been selling weapons and drugs . Israeli Foreign Ministry personnel based overseas have been on alert in recent weeks to the heightened possibility of attacks at Israeli facilities by Hezbollah , the Lebanese Muslim militant group and political party backed by Iran . Sunday marked the fourth anniversary of the death of Hezbollah leader Imad Mugniyah in a car bombing in Damascus , Syria . Hezbollah holds Israel responsible for his death and has vowed revenge . Israeli police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld told CNN that the level of alert in the country had been raised following a security assessment after the overseas incidents in New Delhi and Tbilisi , the capitals of India and Georgia . The alert means patrols will be heightened in and around various public areas inside Israel , and around Israeli embassies and offices worldwide . In the Monday incidents , a device attached to an Israeli Embassy van in New Delhi exploded and injured four people . Another device was found on an embassy car in Tbilisi , Georgia , but it was safety detonated . The Israeli government issued a travel advisory this year for citizens traveling to Thailand after Thai security officials arrested a man in January connected with a planned attack in the country . The police charged the man , Atris Hussein , after finding "  initial chemical materials that could produce bombs " in an area just outside Bangkok . Police said Hussein , who also holds a Swedish passport , led them to the location . The authorities are accusing Hussein of trying to attack spots in Bangkok that are popular with Western tourists and say he is believed to belong to Hezbollah , the Shiite Muslim group active in Lebanon that the United States views as a terrorist organization . Police could not confirm whether the Tuesday incident in Bangkok has any link with the Hezbollah suspect , who is still in Thai police custody . Officers found the explosive C-4 during the search of the rented house . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said the United States condemns the incident and offered its condolences to the victims . Even as she noted that Thai authorities were investigating the incidents , she went on to draw a parallel between Tuesday 's attacks in Bangkok and Monday 's attacks against Israeli diplomats in India and Georgia , both of which are also under investigation . "  What I would say is that , with regard to this bombing , the incidents in Delhi , incidents in Georgia , while we will await the results of the investigations , these events do come on the heels of other disrupted attacks targeted at Israel and Western interests , including an Iranian-sponsored attack in Baku , Azerbaijan , and a Hezbollah-linked attack in Bangkok , Thailand , before this . "  So they serve as a reminder that a variety of states and nonstate actors continue to view international terrorism as a legitimate foreign policy tool , which we consider reprehensible . " While Nuland said the United States is "  not going to prejudge this , " she added , "  We 're just concerned that these come on the heels of other incidences that clearly had links back to Iran . " Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Monday blamed the Georgia and India incidents on Iran , calling it "  the biggest exporter of terror in the world . " "  The Israeli government and her security organizations are continuing to operate together with local security services against these acts of terror , " Netanyahu said . "  We will continue to act in a strong way , systematically and steadfastly . " In an interview Tuesday with CNN 's Piers Morgan , Israeli Vice Prime Minister Silvan Shalom said Iran has been trying to target Israeli and Jewish sites for "  a few decades now . " "  We knew that they are planning it , preparing it . We 're in touch with local governments with a few countries in Asia and in other places and together we -- we 're trying to prevent those attacks for a very long time , " Shalom said . "  Unfortunately , they succeeded to do it in India and tried to do it in Georgia and Azerbaijan a few weeks ago . That 's something Iran is responsible for . " Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman Ramin Mehmanparast blamed Israel , accusing it of having bombed its own embassies in New Delhi and Tbilisi "  to tarnish Iran 's friendly ties with the host countries , " Iran 's state-run Islamic Republic News Agency said . "  He brushed aside Israeli accusation on Iranian involvement in the bombing and said that Israel perpetrated the terrorist actions to launch psychological warfare against Iran , " IRNA reported . "  Iran condemns terrorism in strongest term and Iran has been the victim of terrorism , " Mehmanparast said . Iran 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , said this month that Iran would support any nation or group that stands up against Israel . He said Iran does n't interfere in other nations but has aided such militant groups as Hamas and Hezbollah in conflicts with Israel in Gaza and Lebanon . The modus operandi is not new . Last month , a mysterious explosion in Iran killed a man identified as a nuclear scientist -- the third such killing in the past two years in which someone placed a bomb on or under a scientist 's car . A fourth survived an assassination attempt . The United States and Israel oppose Iran 's nuclear program , although numerous countries have expressed concern as well . Iran insists its nuclear program is for peaceful , civilian energy purposes . Iranian officials , on state-run media , blame Israel and the United States for the killings of the scientists . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has denied "  any United States involvement in any kind of act of violence inside Iran . " While Israel generally refuses to comment on accusations and speculation , Brig. Gen. Yoav Mordechai , a spokesman for the Israel Defense Forces , said on his Facebook page , "  I have no idea who targeted the Iranian scientist but I certainly do n't shed a tear . " CNN 's Kevin Flower reported from Jerusalem , Kocha Olarn reported from Bangkok , Elise Labott reported from Washington and Joe Sterling reported from Atlanta	NEW : Top official says Israel has been trying to prevent Iranian attacks for years A bomb blows off one man 's leg in Bangkok as he flees police Three men flee a Bangkok house after an explosion Israel is on a heightened state of alert
A decorated U.S. soldier who died while unsuccessfully trying to rescue his daughters from their burning North Carolina home was buried at Arlington National Cemetery on Monday . The funeral took place , as scheduled , in the early morning , said cemetery spokeswoman Jennifer Lynch . Chief Warrant Officer II Edward Duane Cantrell , 36 , was a member of the 3rd Special Forces Group at Fort Bragg . The Green Beret had returned in August from his latest overseas deployment . His wife , Louise , told officials the family was upstairs when the fire broke out just before 2 a.m. March 5 in Hope Mills , a suburb of Fayetteville . She jumped from a second-floor window and ran next door to call for help while her husband went to get 6-year-old Isabella and 4-year-old Natalia , the Cumberland County Sheriff 's Office said . "  They never made it out , " said Debbie Tanna , spokeswoman for the Sheriff 's Office . Officials believe the family 's century-old home had tinderbox conditions that led to "  a very intense fire . " Military officials said the Fort Bragg soldier had completed six deployments , including one to Iraq and five to Afghanistan . He had four Bronze Stars and a Purple Heart for his service , according to the Army Special Operations Command . Cantrell was honored with a military funeral at the cemetery in Arlington , Virginia . "  That was his wishes , " said Lt. April Olsen of U.S. Army Special Forces Command . His two daughters will lie beside him .	Edward Duane Cantrell returned in August from his latest overseas deployment The Green Beret , 36 , had four Bronze stars and a Purple Heart It was his wish to be buried at Arlington , the Army says
Another tense standoff developed Monday night in Ferguson , Missouri , which has seen nightly protests since unarmed 18-year-old Michael Brown was shot to death by a white police officer . The renewed tensions came after the preliminary results of an autopsy that Brown 's family requested were released , as was a new account of what allegedly happened in the moments immediately before the teenager was killed by a local police officer . Evidence in the shooting death could be presented to a grand jury as early as Wednesday . And as the situation in the St. Louis suburb was being watched and talked about across the country , it continued to draw comments from numerous quarters -- including the White House . "  We have all seen images of protesters and law enforcement in the streets . It 's clear that the vast majority of people are peacefully protesting . What 's also clear is that a small minority of individuals are not , " said President Barack Obama . "  While I understand the passions and the anger that arise over the death of Michael Brown , giving into that anger by looting , or carrying guns , and even attacking the police only serves to raise tensions and stir chaos , " he said , in a call for calm . "  Let 's see some understanding " rather than confrontation , and "  let 's seek to heal , " the President said . The protests in Ferguson also prompted Gov. Jay Nixon to call out the National Guard . Officials temporarily detained several people , including news photographer Scott Olson and longtime activist and Holocaust survivor Hedy Epstein . Dueling narratives The officer who killed Brown says the teenager rushed at him full speed in the moments before the shooting , according to an account phoned in to a St. Louis radio station and confirmed by a source with detailed knowledge of the investigation . According to the version on KFTK , phoned in by a woman who identified herself as "  Josie , " the altercation on August 9 began after Officer Darren Wilson rolled down his window to tell Brown and a friend to stop walking in the street . When Wilson tried to get out of his cruiser , Brown first tried to push the officer back into the car , then punched him in the face and grabbed for his gun before breaking free after the gun went off once , the caller said . Wilson pursued Brown and his friend , ordering them to freeze , according to the account . When they turned around , Brown began taunting Wilson , saying he would not arrest them , then ran at the officer at full speed , the caller said . Wilson then began shooting . The final shot was to Brown 's forehead , and the teenager fell two or three feet in front of Wilson , said the caller , who identified herself as the officer 's friend . A source with detailed knowledge of the investigation later told CNN the caller 's account is "  accurate , " in that it matches what Wilson has told investigators . But accounts of exactly what happened when Wilson stopped Brown vary widely . Witnesses said they saw a scuffle between the officer and Brown at the police car before the young man was shot . Several witnesses said Brown raised his hands and was not attacking the officer . Piaget Crenshaw said she was sitting in her home when she witnessed the shooting . She captured video of the aftermath , including images of Brown 's body lying in the middle of the street . Crenshaw said Brown was running away from police and then turned around . She said that was when Brown was shot . Police provided a different narrative , saying Brown struggled with the officer and reached for his weapon . Parallel investigations A grand jury will hear testimony from witnesses and decide on whether to return an indictment in the case , Ed McGee , spokesman for the St. Louis County prosecuting attorney , said Monday , stressing there is "  no time line on this case . " In addition to that proceeding , the Justice Department has opened a civil rights investigation into Brown 's death . Attorney General Eric Holder will travel to Ferguson this week , to meet with investigators there . "  I realize there is tremendous interest in the facts of the incident that led to Michael Brown 's death , but I ask for the public 's patience as we conduct this investigation , " the attorney general said in a statement . "  The selective release of sensitive information that we have seen in this case so far is troubling to me . No matter how others pursue their own separate inquiries , the Justice Department is resolved to preserve the integrity of its investigation . " Autopsy findings An autopsy conducted for the family of Brown found no evidence that he struggled with Wilson before his death , according to the pathologist in charge of the examination . Dr. Michael Baden conducted the autopsy after an official examination by the St. Louis County medical examiner 's office . Forensics consultant Shawn Parcells , who assisted Baden , said the findings are consistent with witness reports that Brown may have been shot as he walked away and that he was shot again with his hands up . The family autopsy found that Brown was shot at least six times , including two shots to his head . Three of the bullets may have re-entered his body , causing additional damage , Baden said . One of the bullets entered his head and came out through his eye ; another -- likely the fatal wound , Baden said -- struck Brown on the top of his head and caused irreparable damage to his brain . Family attorney Benjamin Crump said Brown probably would have been either kneeling or bending forward when he was struck with those bullets . Brown had abrasions on his face consistent with falling onto the ground , Baden said . He cautioned that he needs access to autopsy results , including tests on Brown 's clothes and X-rays , before making some conclusions . But Crump said the autopsy already offered more than "  ample " evidence to support Wilson 's arrest . "  What does this autopsy say ? That the witness accounts were true , that he was shot multiple times , " Crump told reporters . Attorney General Holder said a third autopsy was being conducted Monday by medical examiners from the U.S. military . Michael Brown death : Autopsy unlikely to settle dueling narratives Devolution of protests Another family attorney , Anthony Gray , implored protesters to remain peaceful . "  I can see that there is a very disturbing divide that is developing in our community , " he said Monday . "  This is not what we initially came to the community and called for . " The situation remains so unstable that the Ferguson-Florissant School District has canceled classes for the rest of the week . The Missouri National Guard was in Ferguson under orders from the governor to restore peace . Nixon issued the order early Monday after what began as peaceful protests spiraled into disarray after two civilians were shot and injured , Missouri State Highway Patrol Capt. Ron Johnson said . He said those civilians were not shot by police . Some protesters hurled Molotov cocktails at police , and several businesses were vandalized or looted despite the Brown family 's call for calm . "  Based on these conditions , I had no alternative but to elevate the level of our response , " Johnson said . Officers fired tear gas into hundreds of protesters , including children , who were marching toward a police command post despite an impending midnight curfew . Two children were treated and released for exposure to tear gas overnight at St. Louis Children 's Hospital , according to a spokeswoman there . Protester Lisha Williams challenged the notion that protesters provoked officers . "  That is a lie . It was no fight , it was no shots fired , " she told CNN late Sunday . "  All we did was march to the command center to fall to our knees and say , ` Do n't shoot . ' And they started shooting . " 5 things to know about Michael Brown 's shooting Complete coverage of the Ferguson shooting	Brown rushed full speed at officer , an account called in to St. Louis radio station claims A source with detailed knowledge of the investigation says the account is accurate Autopsy suggests Brown kneeling or bending forward when shot in head , lawyer says
London  CNN  -- A former New York and Los Angeles police chief will advise the British government on tackling the street gangs blamed for the violence that raged nationwide this week . Bill Bratton , who had private talks with British Prime Minister David Cameron on Friday , said there are lessons from the United States that were relevant to the situation in England . Large numbers of police will be on the streets over the weekend following widespread rioting and looting in London and other cities , including Birmingham and Manchester at the start of the week . Five deaths are believed to be linked to the unrest . Police have arrested more than 2,200 people around the country , many of whom have already appeared before magistrates . Hearings are being held round-the-clock in some courts to deal with the large numbers charged . The violence first broke out in north London 's Tottenham neighborhood a week ago after a protest over the death of a local man , Mark Duggan . He was shot after a police unit that deals with gun crime stopped a cab carrying the 29-year-old father of four . Riots and looting spread across London and other cities , at a huge cost to local businesses and communities . London 's Metropolitan Police said Saturday they had charged a man with handling stolen goods after recovering electrical products worth # 40,000  $ 65,000  in Tottenham . Street gangs are "  at the heart of all the violence , " Cameron told an emergency Parliament session Thursday , citing evidence of their ties to police attacks and looting . Cameron said he had asked senior government ministers to work "  on a cross-government program of action to deal with this gang culture " to report back to Parliament in October . "  I also believe we should be looking beyond our shores to learn the lessons from others who have faced similar problems , " he said . "  That is why I will be discussing how we can go further in getting to grips with gangs with people like Bill Bratton . " Cameron 's Downing Street office said he had spoken to Bratton Friday after the former police chief agreed to take part in a series of meetings on tackling gangs in the fall . "  Bill Bratton , who has long-standing links with British policing , will be providing this advice in a personal capacity and on an unpaid basis , " a Downing Street statement said . Bratton , who since 2009 has worked for private security consultancy Altegrity and its subsidiary Kroll , is seen as having taken bold steps to cut crime rates in New York and Los Angeles . "  I would certainly be in a position to discuss the contemporary American experience and my work in these areas -- in particular the successes that created real reductions in gang-related crime in Boston , New York and most recently in Los Angeles , where we also saw significant improvements in the relations between the police and the city 's diverse communities , " he said in a statement on Kroll 's website Friday . "  There are many lessons from these experiences that I believe are relevant to the current situation in England . " Bratton said he believed the British government could overcome the problem , adding : "  I support their resolve to seize upon this difficult situation as an opportunity to address the issues of gangs and gang violence and the resulting fear and disorder head-on . " While there have been sporadic incidents of disorder , London has been calm since Tuesday morning and other cities since early Wednesday . About 16,000 officers -- many more than usual -- are expected to remain on London 's streets through the weekend . Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg warned against stirring up more trouble over the weekend , urging anyone planning to do so to "  think again . " In Birmingham , where three young men were killed in a hit-and-run this week thought to be connected to the unrest , community groups are planning a "  peace rally " Sunday , West Midlands Police said . The uncle of two of the men killed , Abdullah Khan , told reporters in Birmingham on Saturday that the loss of Shazad Ali and Abdul Musavir had "  left our entire family in shock and devastation . " He went on : "  All they wanted to do was to protect their business and other businesses within the community . I remember talking to Shazad a few days before this tragic incident and he was excited and was looking forward to the birth of his first child in a few months ' time . but that was not meant to be . "  A father will never hold his child , a child will never be held by his father , a wife without a husband , parents who have lost two sons . Words can never express what we are going through at this moment . " Khan said the family did not want anyone else to suffer in the same way and appealed for witnesses to come foward . "  All we want now is justice for our family . This was not ... about race , this was not religion . This was about a pure criminal act . " Home Secretary Theresa May announced Friday that a march planned for Saturday by the English Defence League , a far-right group , had been banned . "  It is clear that a ban is needed to ensure communities and property are protected , " she said Friday . Officers would be deployed to Telford , the venue of the march , she said . Meanwhile , Cameron has angered some senior police officers by saying he thought that initially there were "  simply far too few police deployed onto the streets " in London , and that "  the tactics they were using were n't working . " "  Police chiefs have been frank with me about why this happened , " he said Thursday . "  Initially , the police treated the situation too much as a public order issue rather than essentially one of crime . " CNN 's Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	NEW : More than 2,200 people have been arrested since the disorder erupted a week ago Police in London say they have recovered stolen goods worth $ 65,000 Bratton will join U.K. meetings on gangs in the fall , Downing Street says Bratton says lessons from U.S. cities like New York and LA are relevant to Britain
CNN  The widow of Paris kosher supermarket gunman Amedy Coulibaly has linked up with ISIS , the terror group claims . The second issue of an ISIS French language magazine , which began circulating on pro-ISIS Twitter accounts Wednesday , contains a purported two-page question-and-answer story with Hayat Boumeddiene , who is believed to have disappeared into Syria before the January 9 attack . The magazine , entitled Dar al Islam , claimed Boumeddiene safely reached the Islamic State , but offered no pictures or any other proof to corroborate the claim . French terrorism expert Jean-Charles Brisard told CNN the magazine appears to be an official ISIS publication and is a sign that Boumeddiene has reached ISIS . In the article , she was asked how Coulibaly felt about ISIS 's announcement it had established a caliphate , or Islamic state , in territory spanning Syria and Iraq . He wanted to go to Syria or Iraq to fight , she reportedly answered . Boumeddiene , 26 , claimed in the purported interview that she encountered no difficulties reaching ISIS territory and she felt good to be on ISIS soil . She did not provide any details on her role in the Paris attacks . She also gave a lengthy response to what advice she would have for Muslim women . Search for woman linked to Paris hostage-taker goes global The new issue of Dar al Islam magazine was entitled "  May Allah Curse France " and featured on its cover a picture of the Eiffel Tower being guarded by French soldiers . It also included several pictures showing the aftermath of the Paris attacks , praised Coulibaly and called for more attacks against those "  insulting the Prophet . " It claimed an associate of Coulibaly who had reached Syria had provided them a report of his positive qualities . The first issue of Dar al Islam magazine was published on December 23 and was posted on ISIS 's official Twitter account , according to Memri , an organization tracking jihadist websites . Boumeddiene is believed to have crossed into Syria from Turkey around the time Coulibaly started his terrorism spree in Paris . Coulibaly pledged allegiance to Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi in a video he emailed out before the kosher grocery store attack in which four people were killed . The recording was posted on pro-ISIS Twitter accounts . In January , CNN obtained surveillance video that purportedly shows Coulibaly and Boumeddiene outside a Jewish institution in Paris . A source familiar with the investigation into the Paris attacks said there was a high degree of confidence that the video shows Coulibaly and Boumeddiene . The video was recorded at the end of August or beginning of September and stored on a security camera . The source says the nature of the video makes it clear that the couple were carrying out surveillance of possible targets for months before Coulibaly , who is also believed to have killed a policewoman a day earlier , launched his attack against the kosher supermarket . Coulibaly was shot to death when police stormed the market . The video was stored because it showed possible signs of unusual activity at the location , says the source .	Hayat Boumeddiene was married to the gunman who killed four people in a Paris market Authorities think she went to Syria around the time of the attack ISIS has a new French language magazine and the second issue had a purported interview with her
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sniper Lee Boyd Malvo said in a letter to CNN that he is still "  grappling with shame , guilt , remorse and my own healing if that will ever be possible . " And a social worker who has worked extensively with him said he draws self-portraits that often show him with a tear running down his cheek . A self-portrait drawn by sniper Lee Boyd Malvo . Many of his drawings show him with a tear running down his cheek . Malvo , 22 , spends 23 hours a day inside his cell at Virginia 's toughest prison , a maximum-security compound called Red Onion , not far from the Kentucky border . He 's serving a life sentence . According to social worker Carmeta Albarus-Lindo , Malvo is a changed person since he and John Allen Muhammad terrorized the Washington area five years ago this month in attacks that left 10 dead over a 23-day period . "  The most I can do is to continue to be there , because that is his greatest fear -- that , you know , another parental figure would abandon him because that was what he 'd been exposed to all his life , " said Albarus-Lindo , who has spent hundreds of hours with Malvo since his arrest and conviction . Read the letter " She said one of those "  parental " figures was Muhammad , who met Malvo in the Caribbean nearly two years before the deadly shooting spree began in 2002 . Muhammad became the teenager 's surrogate father , convincing him that violence was the only way to correct perceived injustices to African-Americans , Albarus-Lindo said . He ordered Malvo to go to bed each night and to memorize passages from "  The Art of War , " an ancient Chinese text on battlefield strategy . According to Albarus-Lindo , Malvo was "  brainwashed " into aiding Muhammad in the murders . However , prosecutors have said Malvo , even at 17 , knew what he was doing . "  I thought he was coldblooded , " said Paul Ebert , commonwealth attorney for Prince William County , Virginia , of the first time he met Malvo . "  He was a person who had chosen a life of crime . " And when a Virginia jury spared Malvo 's life , some investigators said they were horrified . "  That was the hardest day of my career , " said April Carroll of the Bureau of Alcohol , Firearms and Tobacco . "  I felt that day we had failed when Malvo was not sentenced to death . " Some of the victims ' families said they are content that Malvo did not receive the death penalty . Vicki Buchanan Snyder , whose brother James "  Sonny " Buchanan was shot in the back while mowing a patch of lawn at a Maryland auto dealership , said she was "  satisfied " with the jury 's verdict . As for Malvo , Albarus-Lindo said he will "  never forgive himself for what has happened . " When she first began seeing him , he still called Muhammad "  Dad . " It took months , she said , before he stopped . In the interim , Albarus-Lindo said , he took college correspondence courses and began to draw . Muhammad is at a Virginia prison called Sussex One . In a DVD made last year inside prison and obtained exclusively by CNN , he said he is "  still fighting " on death row . He wants to "  correct , " he said , some "  inaccurate statements " made by the news media about his relationship with Malvo . He was n't specific about what he meant . Watch Muhammad on death row " Muhammad 's ex-wife , Mildred , said she believed that she was the real target of the snipers from the beginning . She and her children live in suburban Washington , and she runs a Web site called Afterthetrauma.org , devoted to the victims of domestic abuse . Mildred Muhammad said she feels her ex-husband wanted to kill her as revenge because she was able to gain custody of their three children . As for his relationship with Malvo , she said she too is convinced that John Allen Muhammad brainwashed the younger man . "  That boy was a victim before he even knew it , " she said . "  His life was over when he said , ` Hi . ' " E-mail to a friend	Social worker says sniper Lee Boyd Malvo is a changed person . Ten people were killed in Washington-area sniper attacks in 2002 In a letter to CNN , Malvo writes he 's still "  grappling with shame , guilt , remorse "
CNN  -- Former world champion Nicky Hayden could miss MotoGP testing in Sepang , Malaysia , at the end of next month after suffering a heavy crash in training . The 30-year-old Ducati rider -- winner of the world championship in 2006 -- suffered a broken left shoulder blade and two fractured ribs in the incident at a private track near his home in Kentucky , . Winter testing begins on January 31 , although Hayden , who had only just returned to riding after crashing heavily during the Valencia Grand Prix in November , released a statement saying he hoped to be fit in time . 2012 MotoGP season brought forward "  Obviously , injuries are never good , but it is part of motorcycle racing , " said Hayden . "  Just like at Valencia , it was kind of a freak accident . I was starting to train again , like I normally do during the winter , at a private track near my house . "  I came up behind another rider , and he went to move out of the way . I was n't going that fast , but he clipped my front wheel and I went down and landed pretty hard on my left shoulder , and that was it . " Hayden continued : "  It 's disappointing , but there 's nothing to do about it but heal quickly . Anyway , this does n't change my expectations for 2012 which , fortunately , is just around the corner . " The first race of the new season will take place at the desert circuit of Losail in Qatar on April 8 .	American Nicky Hayden is doubtful for MotoGP testing in Malaysia at the end of January Hayden broke his left shoulder blade and suffered two fractured ribs in a training crash 30-year-old Ducati rider Hayden won the MotoGP world championship in 2006
CNN  -- Our nightmare began in 1993 after we moved from the city to a house down a winding country road abutting a spruce forest in Chappaqua , New York . Our little woods were home to mice , deer and ticks harboring the infectious agent of Lyme disease . We were n't especially concerned . As seasoned science journalists , my husband and I had researched the risk of tick-borne disease by reading medical journals , finding a raft of articles on a wave of "  Lyme hysteria " sweeping the Northeast suburbs ; the disease , some of the authors said , was mild and benign . Perhaps that 's why , as one of our sons and then the other got sick , our pediatrician resisted testing for Lyme disease . When my older son , Jason , 14 , developed a mottled rash spreading over his torso in 1998 , our doctor 's office told us that because it was n't a literal bull 's eye -- believed to be the classic indication of Lyme -- it could n't be Lyme  a misconception still common today despite voluminous research to the contrary  . By 2000 , Jason suffered aversion to light , profound fatigue and shooting pain throughout his arms and legs . Mostly to placate me , our pediatrician finally ordered a Lyme disease test . It came back positive . But our doctor still rejected Lyme disease as the cause , instead proposing a psychiatric disorder . The university-based psychiatrist we then consulted called the pediatrician a quack . Our older son , he said , was physically ill . My family would spend the next decade struggling to get well . Along the way , we had to navigate one of the most vitriolic fights in medicine . As the scientific community fought over the very nature of Lyme disease , debating everything from who actually had it to what treatment worked best , misdiagnosed patients were left to wander the medical outback without a compass or any clear path back to health . Caused by the spirochete -- a coiled bacterium such as the one that causes syphilis -- Borrelia burgdorferi , Lyme is the most frequently reported tick-borne disease in the United States . In 2011 , some 33,000 cases met the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's definition . But there are far more patients with the infection since only a fraction of cases are reported . When doctors attuned to the CDC 's rigorous definition resist diagnosing any but the most classic patients -- those with an obvious Lyme rash or highly positive test -- it means patients are left to advance to later , harder-to-treat stages of the disease . Adding to the mess , physicians frequently fail to test for other , often-debilitating infections from the same black-legged ticks : Babesia , the cause of a malaria-like illness ; Anaplasma , an intracellular bacterium ; and another spirochete , Borrelia miyamotoi , recently documented as the cause of a relapsing-remitting Lyme-like disease . In fact , there is a lot of confusion over what may or may not be causing Lyme and other tick-borne diseases around the United States . In California , scientists have found several new spirochetes yet to be vetted as sources of Lyme-like illness , and researchers in Florida just isolated Lyme spirochetes from ticks despite CDC 's website saying not to worry . Then there 's the smackdown over chronic Lyme : Do Lyme patients stay sick following treatment because the infection is still there ? In the 1990s , the National Institutes of Health sought to answer the question by funding a series of studies , the first of which has informed the treatment guidelines published by the Infectious Diseases Society of America ever since . That study monitored 136 Lyme patients who remained chronically ill after antibiotic therapy . In other words , they still showed symptoms of the illness . And yet some 700 blood and spinal fluid samples taken from them yielded no hint of the spirochete . On one side , experts embraced this small study as proof that chronic Lyme was a myth . They believed the sickness had to be caused by something else since patients showed no sign of the spirochete . But patients and their doctors were unconvinced . Spirochetes leave body fluids for tissue early in the course of disease , after all , explaining lack of evidence in blood . And researchers had reported persistent spirochetes in the tissue of treated mammals for years . To resolve the mystery , the NIH commissioned similar experiments with rhesus monkeys . Instead of searching monkey blood for DNA after antibiotic treatment , the researchers would sacrifice the animals and scour their tissue for signs of the Lyme spirochete , including the RNA that is a surer sign of active disease . The monkey studies , published in 2012 by scientists at Tulane , document the presence of Borrelia burgdorferi DNA and RNA following aggressive antibiotic treatment . When uninfected ticks fed on those treated monkeys , they literally ingested intact spirochetes -- proof that the organism remained . Are small numbers of living spirochetes driving persistent symptoms ? Scientific resolution has yet to come , but even the NIH has seen fit to ask the question , launching an ongoing study that tests the ability of treated patients to transmit living Lyme spirochetes to biting ticks . Despite so many unknowns , continued insistence that Lyme patients are mentally ill has been a drumbeat in our Lymelands , creating a stigma that hampers treatment or the chance of getting well . What we need here , the Institute of Medicine has suggested , is a "  process of conflict resolution " to create "  a new environment of trust . " Progress in research can only happen if the key stakeholders -- the patients -- are included in the work . Some groups have tried : In June , the National Institute of Standards and Technology held a meeting to help develop better tests . This is a crucial endeavor since standard tests based on legacy technology pick up real patients between just 45 % and 75 % of the time , especially in the early phase of the disease . Patients and scientists worked together on the NIST event , but collaboration has often been difficult if not impossible to achieve . For instance , a group of scientists has lobbied against federal legislation to increase funding for Lyme disease research . Why ? That 's just counterproductive . Powerful 21st-century technologies can help us , but first we 've got to admit that waters are muddy and urgent questions remain . Calling patients "  Lyme-loonies " or "  part of an anti-science movement that denies both the viral cause of AIDS and the benefits of vaccines , " is hurtful and untrue . After all , questioning the value of research that keeps one locked in illness is hardly on par with denying HIV . The real science deniers are those circling the wagons around outdated studies , leaving patients desperate and sick while protecting their academic turf . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Pamela Weintraub .	Pamela Weintraub : Her family went through nightmare in grappling with Lyme disease Weintraub : Deep divisions in the medical community hinder real solution on the disease She says it is unclear if Lyme agent stays in patients ' bodies even after treatment Weintraub : Scientists need to stop fighting , listen to patients and conduct new studies
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Last week began with a missing persons report filed for Katherine Jackson but ended with Michael Jackson 's mother attending a "  Unity " concert by four of her sons . In the days between , a complex family feud played out in headlines and on celebrity TV . The 82-year-old Jackson family matriarch lost custody of the late pop icon 's three children , who were placed into the guardianship of their cousin TJ Jackson , the 34-year-old son of Tito Jackson . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Mitchell Beckloff suspended her as the children 's custodian , saying she may be "  prevented from acting as a guardian because of the acts of third parties . " Four of her children -- including Janet , Jermaine , Randy and Rebbie Jackson -- had taken their mother to an Arizona spa , but kept her whereabouts secret from their other siblings and Michael Jackson 's children -- Prince , 15 ; Paris , 14 ; and Prince Michael II , 10 , who 's also known as Blanket . Katherine Jackson to share custody of Michael Jackson 's children Those involved called it an intervention to protect their mother from people abusing her , while Paris and Prince Jackson made it clear they thought their aunts and uncles were trying to gain influence and control over Katherine Jackson . When Paris did n't hear from her grandmother for over a week , she tweeted "  8 days and counting . something is really off , this is n't like her at all . . i wan na talk directly to my grandmother !! < | 3 " Katherine Jackson returned home early last Thursday to find a house in turmoil . "  Although I am happy my grandma was returned , after speaking with her I realized how misguided and how badly she was lied to , " Prince Jackson said in bitter Twitter posting attacking his aunts and uncles . "  I 'm really angry and hurt . " There was a "  scuffle " inside Katherine Jackson 's Calabasas , California , home last Monday after Randy , Jermaine and Janet approached Michael Jackson 's children in what witnesses said was an attempt to convince them to leave with them . Los Angeles County sheriff 's deputies broke it up and filed a battery report , a sheriff 's spokesman said . Despite a relative calm in the Jackson family feud that set in over the weekend , youngest son Randy Jackson remained on the attack Monday against the men who run the Michael Jackson estate , accusing them of trying to isolate his mother so they could control the heirs they are obligated by law to protect . "  And THIS IS WHY I AM SO AFRAID FOR MY MOTHER ... " he said in a Twitter posting that linked to a story on the website of CNN contributor Roland Martin titled : "  Janet Jackson , Others Family Members Barred From Mom 's California Home . " Prince Jackson blasts aunts , uncles over grandmother 's treatment Martin wrote on RolandMartinReports.com about an e-mail sent by estate lawyer Howard Weitzman to the lawyer for TJ Jackson just hours after Beckloff appointed him guardian of Michael Jackson 's children . "  Given the circumstances of the last two weeks , and in order to protect the children and Mrs. Jackson , the Executors believe that it would not be appropriate to allow the following individuals to enter the residence or its grounds and we instruct the security to preclude the following from entering the residence or the grounds : Randy Jackson and any of his children , Janet Jackson , Rebbie Jackson and any of her children , Jermaine Jackson , his wife and any of his children , Janice Smith , or anyone else who was involved in the recent events that led to Mrs. Jackson 's separation from and inability to communicate with Michael 's children , or any agents or representatives of any of these individuals , " Weitzman wrote . The e-mail was "  given to the security is in compliance with Judge Beckloff 's order and is not arbitrary , " Schultz said . "  As for the family members who are on that list , they were either at the house on Monday , July 23 , 2012 or in someway participated in the events surrounding that date , " Charles Schultz , TJ Jackson 's lawyer , said in reply to Martin 's story . "  Katherine Jackson is completely free to talk to whomever she chooses and is free to come and go from the house with anyone whom she chooses , " Schultz said . "  This has been made completely clear to Mrs. Jackson and she has acknowledged that fact . " Jackson family drama an unwanted reality show If Janet , Randy , Jermaine or Rebbie Jackson want to talk to their mother , who they took on an unannounced 10-day vacation to Arizona earlier this month , they can call her , he said . "  If anything , it sounds like the people who tried to manipulate her previously are continuing to do so via telephone , " Schultz wrote . The list of people banned from the property was prepared by estate lawyers and sent at the request of TJ Jackson after "  certain members of the Jackson family showed up unannounced at the ... residence of Michael Jackson 's mother and children , causing a very public disturbance , " according to a statement by the estate lawyers . "  The list may be amended and managed by TJ Jackson Jr. or the Estate when appropriate , " the estate statement said . Katherine Jackson 's lawyer is preparing a court filing to ask Judge Beckloff to restore her as guardian of Michael Jackson 's children through a plan where TJ Jackson would be a co-guardian . Prince , Paris and Blanket approved of the arrangement , Katherine Jackson lawyer Perry Sanders said . "  Mrs. Jackson is extremely pleased with the prospect of enjoying the pleasure of raising Michael 's children without the day-to-day tedium of items such as managing the large staff that goes with such a high profile family and focus her attention on being a grandmother and raising Michael 's children , " Sanders said . The plan must still be approved by Judge Beckloff , who could put provisions into the custody order designed to prevent a repeat of this month 's incidents . Conrad Murray seeks new test in Michael Jackson 's death	Randy Jackson remains on the attack against the men who run the Michael Jackson estate "  I AM SO AFRAID FOR MY MOTHER ... " Randy Jackson tweeted Estate lawyer sent e-mail banning Janet , Jermaine , Randy , Rebbie from mom 's home "  Katherine Jackson is completely free to talk to whomever she chooses , " lawyer says
CNN  -- Some Iranian-Americans , watching the post-election unrest in Iran , say the tug-of-war between the people and their hardline government has come to a head after three decades . Crowds demonstrated in Los Angeles , California on Monday , June 15 over the Iran election results . "  I am absolutely convinced that what we are witnessing is a turning point in the history of the Islamic Republic , " said Dr. Hamid Dabashi , professor of Iranian Studies and Comparative Literature at Columbia University in New York City . "  Even if the Islamic Republic survives this crisis , it will no longer be as it used to be , " added Dabashi . The contentious election results between conservative incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and reformist challenger Mir Hossein Moussavi sent many Iranians protesting in the streets , while others celebrated Ahmadinejad 's apparent victory . Kaveh Afrasiabi , who has taught at Tehran University and Boston University and identifies himself as an independent , told CNN that Ahmadinejad 's widespread support in rural areas and small towns was the reason for his win . In results announced hours after the polls closed , Ahmadinejad received more than 62 percent of the vote , a figure hotly disputed by Moussavi 's supporters . With the credibility of Friday 's election under scrutiny , how the Islamic Republic of Iran overcomes it and reclaims its legitimacy in the eyes of some of its own citizens and the international community remains to be seen . "  There is good reason to believe that many if not most of the pro-Moussavi demonstrators are gladly taking an opportunity to safely protest something bigger : their enormous discontent with the entire system as it stands , " said Shirin Sadeghi , a Middle East analyst for the Huffington Post . The unstable political , social and economic climate has some scholars questioning the future of the Islamic Republic . "  They are either going to crack down severely or they are going to cave in -- it could go either way , " Dabashi said of the conservatives who now dominate Iran 's government . Many Iranian-Americans say they see this as their opportunity for change . "  This is the best chance Iranians have to evolve to a better situation , " said Dr. Ali Nayeri , a professor at the University of California at Irvine . That chance has sparked an unprecedented wave of spontaneous demonstrations not only within Iran but also thousands of miles away from Tehran -- scenes unparalleled since the 1979 revolution . "  Thirty years ago we had the war with Iraq . Now we have an internal war with our president and the fundamentalists , " said Reza Goharzad , a political analyst who worked with Moussavi when he was prime minister of Iran . Goharzad , of Southern California , was among thousands of voters to cast an absentee ballot . "  This was the first time I voted in 30 years , " said Goharzad . The enthusiasm that drove record numbers of Iranian-Americans to the voting booths was overshadowed by disappointment when a shortage of ballots prevented hundreds from voting . In addition , the election results were announced before many of the voting booths in the U.S. had closed . Alex Vatanka , senior Middle East analyst at IHS Jane 's , a provider of defense and security information , said Iran 's supreme ruler , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , may have miscalculated the mood of the country when he endorsed Ahmadinejad 's victory before the country 's election authority made the final call . Khamenei has since asked the authority , the Guardian Council , to recount some of the votes . But Moussavi is asking for fresh elections . Goharzad , like many other voters , questions the legitimacy of the election . He wants to know where his vote went . A student activist in Dallas , Texas , echoed that sentiment . "  The election volunteer at my voting location said that they had 500 ballots , which was not enough for the thousand or so people that turned out to vote , " said the activist , who wanted to remain anonymous because he plans to visit Iran soon . For the first time , Iranian-Americans say , the post-revolution generation has seen the power of their unity unfold in masses . They say this has given Iranians at home and abroad hope that reform could be within their reach , if the ruling mullahs are willing to allow it . "  We are seeing a rise of a new generation of Iranians who are not taking it anymore , " said Dabashi . "  This is no longer just about this election , this is full-fledged civil disobedience , " he added . The divide within the Islamic Republic has pitted the reformists against the conservatives . "  The big difference between these protests and the student riots of 1999 and 2001 is that we are seeing senior caliber officials like Mir Hossein Moussavi , Mehdi Karrubi and Mohammad Khatami and Ayatollah Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani supporting the demonstrations , " said Vatanka . Karrubi is a former Parliament speaker . Khatami and Rafsanjani are former presidents . Some experts say where Iran is headed actually has a lot to do with its past . "  Rafsanjani made no secret of his disdain for Ahmadinejad ahead of the election , and even back in 2005 when he lost the second round runoff to Ahmadinejad , " said Sadeghi . Rafsanjani is chairman of the Assembly of Experts and oversees the 86-member body , which is responsible for appointing the supreme leader and monitoring his performance . Behind closed doors , Iran 's political parties are caught in the middle of a power struggle between Supreme Leader Khamenei and Rafsanjani . Rafsanjani 's role as chairman of the assembly gives him the ability to influence that body 's attitudes toward Khamenei , Vatanka said . That could only add more fuel to the political fire and social unrest in the streets , analysts say . Politics aside , at the end of the day , Iranian expatriates such as Mitra Gholami , who participated in the historic 1979 protests , feel a sense of deja vu . Gholami , now an Atlanta resident , fled Iran with her three children 15 years ago . "  I want people to have a normal life , " said Gholami . "  I want them to have freedom . "	Some Iranians-Americans believe the Islamic Republic possibly is eroding Protests in Iran continue after disputed presidential election Tensions between Iran 's clergy could be a reason for the unrest , analyst says Iranian-Americans say they hope more freedom is result of unrest
Washington  CNN  -- Three days after Aaron Alexis walked into the Washington Navy Yard and randomly shot and killed 12 people , a congressional push for tougher gun laws still seems unlikely to materialize like it did following the the Newtown school massacre . But as more details emerge of Alexis ' troubled past , lawmakers appear to be reframing the debate over gun violence , this time with emphasis on better treatment for mental health . The exasperated gun control debate takes a turn After the December shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary school and a Colorado movie theater massacre the previous July that resulted in an insanity plea by the shooter , lawmakers and advocates on both sides of the gun debate called for improved mental health services . But those calls were drowned out by the more emotional and better-funded debate over gun control . Now , Sen. Kelly Ayotte , R-New Hampshire , wants to re-introduce a mental health measure that had overwhelming support across party lines earlier this year . Co-authored by Sen. Mark Begich , D-Alaska , the legislation calls for more training and familiarity with services in schools and communities . The measure was added as an amendment to the broader gun control package in the Senate earlier this year , and while the chamber approved Ayotte 's amendment by a wide margin , 95-2 , the overall package failed . The mental health legislation went nowhere . Now she 's trying to bring it back without attaching it to gun control bills . "  I actually think it can be taken up separately and easily passed , " she said on CNN , pointing to the strong support the measure received in April . "  Very little gets 90 votes around here . " Rep. Adam Schiff , D-California , also suggested a mental health bill can stand alone . "  I think we ought to move , " Schiff said on MSNBC . "  The gun issue has been so difficult . I think we ought to try to move forward with whatever pieces we can . " Sen. Richard Blumenthal , D-Connecticut , said he still favors legislation for enhanced background checks but believes the mental health initiative should be the "  centerpiece " in any new effort to stop gun violence . Dampening the hope of gun control advocates , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid told reporters in the aftermath of this week 's Navy Yard slaughter that the votes are n't there to bring back the failed gun control legislation . Pressed on whether he 'd consider a narrower version that strictly focuses on mental health , Reid simply said he "  would hope it would have the votes . " "  And I would be willing to do that , " he continued . "  Anything we can do to focus attention on these senseless killings that take place . " Mental health as common ground The most avid control advocates are still poised to push ahead with their agenda . Mayors Against Illegal Guns held a rally Thursday on Capitol Hill -- an event scheduled before Monday 's shooting -- to keep pressure on lawmakers over expanded background checks . But as the investigation of Alexis continues , the conversation is largely focused on red flags from his history that were seemingly overlooked . Alexis had recently made contact with two Department of Veterans Affairs hospitals for apparent psychological issues and had exhibited signs of mental problems , CNN has learned . His father said he suffered from post-traumatic stress after working in 9/11 rescue efforts . Alexis , who was shot dead by police , was also arrested repeatedly for alarming offenses . He left the Navy after eight instances of misconduct , Navy officials said . Gun rights activists have fervently maintained gun violence stems from the deranged minds of individuals , and new gun restrictions wo n't do anything to curb the killings . The National Rifle Association has long been supportive of laws that keep guns out of the hands of those deemed mentally incompetent . Following the Virginia Tech massacre , the NRA backed a 2007 law that encouraged states to submit records of dangerously mentally ill individuals to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System . "  The people that have been involved in these shootings have been people who have been severely mentally ill , " David Keene , then-NRA president , said in January . Data released last year by the FBI shows that of the nearly one million federal denials of gun purchase attempts between 1998 and 2012 , about 5,481 stemmed from mental health issues . Only about half of states still report records of those at risk . As of late 2011 , 23 states and the District of Columbia had submitted records to NICS , with 17 of those states submitting fewer than 10 records , according to a report compiled by Mayors Against Illegal Guns . States face an array of logistical , technological and privacy obstacles in reporting those records , according to reports from government agencies and the Congressional Research Office . With that said , much work remains to be done for Congress if they decide to tackle mental health in the context of gun violence . A popular policy that 's gaining ground Polls also indicate the public favors increased mental health treatment as a way to prevent gun violence . Asked how much better mental health services would help the problem , 46 % said "  a lot , " while 35 % said "  some , " and 9 % said "  not much , " according to a CBS News poll from February 2013 -- at the height of this year 's gun control debate . Asked in the same survey how much stricter gun laws could help 21 % said "  a lot , " 33 % said "  some , " 19 % said "  not much " and 26 % said "  not at all . " When President Barack Obama announced a series of 23 executive actions in his gun control push this year , four of them focused on mental health components . White House spokesman Jay Carney was asked after the Navy Yard shooting whether Obama would push for renewed conversation about mental health and gun control -- or , the reporter asked , does the president accept "  this is the normal ? " "  Well , he does n't accept that it 's the new normal . He believes that Americans do n't and ca n't accept that , " Carney said . "  We continue to call on Congress to listen to the voices of their constituents and legislate accordingly . And that includes mental health matters . "	Gun-control debate drowned out calls for better mental health services Senator might re-introduce mental health legislation that was killed in battle over background checks Senate leader says there 's not enough votes to bring back background checks bill Polls show public favors increased mental health treatment to address gun violence
CNN  -- "  It was the only race that frightened me , actually , " motorsport legend Stirling Moss says of Italy 's historic endurance rally -- the Mille Miglia . "  It certainly was one of the races throughout the year where I thought , ` Oh God , ' because I did n't know where I was going . " Translated as the "  Thousand Miles , " the race was held on public roads . Competitors set off from Brescia and blazed a trail south to Rome , before turning around and returning to the northern city . The rally was a true test of speed , courage and navigation . The Mille Miglia 's origins date back to the early days of motorsport and the decision to move the 1922 Italian Grand Prix from Brescia to Monza , near Milan . The switch proved unpopular in Brescia , and when an automobile club was formed in the city in 1927 , they sought to put on a racing spectacle of their own . The rest , as they say , is history . For 30 years between 1927 and 1957 , competitors -- including Moss and five-time Formula One world champion Juan Manuel Fangio -- pushed their vehicles to the limit in an attempt to reach the finish line . It has since been resurrected as a serene , grand touring event , but in its racing years the prospect of driving at breakneck speeds down everyday roads was both a trial and a thrill for participants . Moss says it made for a nerve-shredding ride . "  Imagine going up a large incline towards a village and going at 185 mph without knowing which way the road goes , " the 82-year-old told CNN ahead of this week 's 2012 edition . "  If there is a turn over the brow , you need to know about . " In 1955 , ably assisted by co-pilot Denis Jackson , the British driver loosened Italy 's stranglehold on the race , sealing one of only three Mille Miglia victories by a foreigner in record-breaking fashion . Moss , one of the best drivers never to win the F1 world title , set an average speed record for the route , clocking a time of 10 hours seven minutes and 48 seconds . But when asked about one of the highlights of his 14-year racing career , Moss ' response was surprising . "  I did n't know I 'd won , " he explained . "  All I knew is that I was the leader at the stop before . "  I did n't know I 'd won until my time had been split and I knew I could n't be passed , so it was a terrible anticlimax . I was very much on tenterhooks waiting . It was anticlimactic but nonetheless very exhilarating . " But when compared to all the races staged throughout motorsport history , including the 66 F1 grands prix Moss started , what set the Mille Miglia apart ? "  The whole of Italy turns out , it 's absolutely staggering , " he said . "  All across the whole country , people come out and line the roads . It 's amazing , more than five millions spectators . It 's something that could happen nowhere else but Italy . "  The one thing you must remember is we were genuinely doing speeds of 185 mph , on ordinary roads . There were no autostrasses or dual carriageways . And the amount of cars you have to pass , hundreds of cars , it 's pretty daunting . " Ultimately , it was the element of danger which proved the race 's downfall . In addition to glorious victory , the Mille Miglia 's legacy is also littered with fatal crashes . The most infamous was in 1957 in the village of Guidizzolo , a tragedy which proved to be the final nail in the race 's coffin . Spanish driver Alfonso de Portago 's Ferrari veered off the road and tore through a group of spectators , killing the driver , his co-pilot and nine bystanders , five of which were children . "  A lot of the drivers -- you had hairdressers , you had chefs -- really were n't competent enough to drive at the speeds you had to drive at , " recalls Moss . "  In the modern day , one could not take the death toll . As the years passed , people dying in motorsport like that became unacceptable . " The 2012 edition began on Thursday , with Moss in attendance to take part in the festivities . Despite no longer being a rip-roaring , high-speed chase , the fabled tour still draws a big crowd . "  It 's absolutely terrific , " said Moss after this year 's event had got underway . "  The enthusiasm of the people here ... The Italians line the streets , pat you on the head , it 's just great . "  People bring their own cars , if they 're fast cars , and go around . It 's something very special . " Reflecting on the Mille Miglia as it was 60 years ago , Moss believes it had a certain spark which modern day motorsport has n't quite rekindled . "  When the race car was just an ordinary road car , a bit faster of course , that was terribly exciting , " he said . "  I 'm sure it is today , but I 'm not sure it would be quite as exciting as it was then . "	The Mille Miglia was an Italian road race between 1927 and 1957 Stirling Moss clocked the fastest average speed for the 1,000-mile event in 1955 The race was dash from Brescia , in Northern Italy , to Rome and back again A fatal crash ended the race in 1957 , but it survives today as a touring event
CNN  -- Several Western powers banded together Saturday in urging Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak to do all he can to prevent bloodshed and speedily fulfill his promises of reform . The heads of England , France and Germany joined their counterpart in the United States on Saturday in calling on Egypt 's leader to institute substantive policy changes in short order as well as new , open elections . "  It is essential that the further political , economic and social reforms President Mubarak has promised are implemented fully and quickly , and meet the aspirations of the Egyptian people , " said a joint statement issued by British Prime Minister David Cameron , French President Nicolas Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel . "  The Egyptian people have ... a longing for a just and better future , " the statement continued . "  We urge President Mubarak to embark on a process of transformation , which should be reflected in a board-based government and in free and fair elections . " Acknowledging the "  moderating role " played by Mubarak in the Middle East , the Western leaders urged him to "  show the same moderation " in Egypt and allow people to demonstrate peacefully . They also called for "  full respect for human rights and democratic freedoms , including freedom of expression and communication . " Meanwhile , Washington continued Saturday to keep up pressure on the Egyptian leader , on the same day he announced a new deputy , among other Cabinet changes . U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley tweeted that the Egyptian government "  ca n't reshuffle the deck and then stand pat . " He added that Mubarak 's "  words pledging reform must be followed by action . " "  With protesters still on the streets " in Egypt , he wrote , "  we remain concerned about the potential for violence and again urge restraint on all sides . " The people of Egypt "  no longer accept the status quo , " Crowley added . "  They are looking to their government for a meaningful process to foster real reform . " President Barack Obama had said Friday that he had spoken with Mubarak after the Egyptian president made a televised speech . Mubarak , in his address , said he understands "  these legitimate demands of the people and I truly understand the depth of their worries and burdens , and I will not part from them ever and I will work for them every day . " Obama said he told Mubarak "  he has a responsibility to give meaning to those words , to take concrete steps and actions that deliver on that promise . " "  Violence will not address the grievances of the Egyptian people , " Obama said in a televised appearance Friday . "  Suppressing ideas never succeeds in making them go away . " Members of Obama 's diplomatic and national security teams , including Vice President Joe Biden , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , National Security Advisor Tom Donilon and Adm. Michael Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , held a two-hour discussion on Egypt Saturday morning , according to White House spokesman Tommy Vietor . Obama himself convened a similar meeting on the situation in the early afternoon . In an interview conducted Friday morning in Davos , Switzerland , British Prime Minister Cameron told CNN 's Fareed Zakaria that "  reform and progress in the greater strengthening of democracy and civil rights " is needed in Egypt . The interview will air at 10 a.m. and 1 p.m. Sunday on the "  Fareed Zakaria GPS " program on CNN . Cameron said "  just the act of holding an election is n't enough , " urging a "  more mature and thoughtful approach " to build a stronger democracy . He made a point that he did n't think the overthrow of Mubarak -- whom he called "  a friend of Britain " -- was necessary . "  What we support is evolution , reform , not revolution , " the prime minister said . "  We 'd all be better off if there were more countries with more democratic institutions , " he added . "  But let 's recognize those institutions need to be built from the bottom up , not always sort of dropped in from the top down . "	NEW : In an interview to air Sunday , U.K. leader calls Mubarak a ` friend of Britain ' NEW : Cameron says of Egypt : "  We support ... reform , not revolution " The heads of Germany , France , U.K. call for reforms and respect for rights A U.S. State Department official says Mubarak must not just "  reshuffle the deck "
CNN  -- The killing of 298 innocent people on board Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 was a crime , a consequence of the war against Ukraine that Vladimir Putin started , and which he supplies , directs and controls . The Russian President bears full responsibility for this war , including the downing of the Malaysian airliner . The main problem with our reaction to Russian aggression is not even the mildness of our sanctions , but the lack of clarity of their purpose . Our message to Putin is very confused . Do we want him completely out of Ukraine , or do we want his help in dealing with that country ? They are two very different requests . Despite Putin 's offenses , Western leaders apparently still want him to play an active role in securing peace and stability . According to the White House , on July 17 , "  President Obama called on President Putin to take concrete steps to de-escalate the situation , including pressing separatists to agree to a cease-fire . " After the Malaysian airliner was shot down , German Chancellor Angela Merkel urged Putin to use his influence with the rebels to ensure a cease-fire . In recent appearances on several TV shows , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry asked Putin to take "  immediate and clear action to reduce tensions in Ukraine , " "  to step up and make a difference , " and "  to use all his influence . " Despite their harsh words for Putin , leaders of the West still want his help . British Prime Minister David Cameron summed it up best when he said : "  We sometimes behave as if we need Russia more than Russia needs us . " Putin is only too glad to put on sheep 's clothing and assume the role of peacemaker that he has pretended to be throughout the war that he himself started . According to him , annexing Crimea , shooting down airplanes and supporting separatists has only one purpose : to protect the Ukrainian people from alleged right-wing extremists . If you want Putin 's help , beware of what you are asking . He would be glad to broker a "  diplomatic solution " with the separatists , thus legitimizing his terrorists and entrenching them on Ukrainian territory . If that option does n't work , we can imagine the following completely different scenario : Russian tanks roll over Donetsk . Instead of supporting the separatists , Putin arrests leaders of the Donetsk republic and persecutes them for terrorizing the local population . Blaming the Ukrainian government for its inability to protect people from the terrorists , he establishes full control over the territory , and leaves Russian troops there to secure law , order and tranquility . How would the world react to such a "  peacekeeping mission " ? Would the Ukrainian army fight Russian troops ? Would Western political leaders accept this as a plausible option ? I do not know . But what is more important , Putin does n't know either . We should make very clear that we would not accept Putin as a peacekeeper and we want him out of Ukraine . Western governments should not implicitly accept the aggressive doctrine called the "  Russian World , " which was endorsed by Putin , and which gives him the right to intervene into the affairs of virtually any sovereign nation , as he did in Ukraine , using the pretext of protecting Russian-speaking citizens . The major concern of Western leaders is that by taking a strong stand against Putin , we may lose him as a useful partner in the world arena . We should n't worry about that . History clearly demonstrates that in all major international trouble spots in which we accepted Putin as our partner , Russia has always taken the side of the West 's enemy . Such has been the case with Iraq , North Korea , Syria and Iran . It was only natural for Putin to use any invitation on our part as an opportunity to damage us . One should not expect anything different from a person with the background of a KGB officer , for whom America always has been enemy No. 1 , and for whom anti-Americanism is a pillar of his power . If America is Russia 's enemy , Putin 's Russia can not be our ally . Whether we like it or not , such relations are reciprocal . And from an enemy we do not need help . We need only check its aggression . For that purpose we should take the following steps : 1 . Publicly recognize that Putin is not our ally or partner , but rather our foe , and make this position clear to him and to the rest of the world . 2 . Ensure that our demands to Russia be absolutely clear . Stop supporting separatists in Ukraine . We do not need Putin as a broker or peacemaker . Putin must completely get out of Ukrainian territory and Ukrainian politics . 3 . Make clear that Putin 's help is not needed in any other part of the world . Exclude Russia as our partner or as a mediator from any international arrangements and negotiations . 4 . Reiterate our position of not accepting the annexation of Crimea . Demand that it be returned to Ukraine . 5 . Stop propagating Putin 's propaganda . Instead , counter it with all the power of America 's media . Expand broadcasts by Radio Liberty and other radio stations . 6 . Make it clear that we consider the "  Russian World " policy a threat to world peace and stability . Insist that Russia officially renounce that doctrine and repeal supporting legislation as necessary conditions for Russia 's readmission to the community of civilized nations . 7 . To stop aggression against Ukraine and to prevent aggressions against other countries , make Russia pay a high price by introducing sector and other serious economic sanctions . Be ready to accept the cost of those sanctions . 8 . Take immediate steps to reduce that cost and any dependence on Russia . Develop new energy sources and transportation systems in America and Europe . 9 . Provide help , including military assistance , to those who are under immediate attack or potential aggression by Russia . 10 . Revisit communism , an ideology that remains important in Russia as well as other countries . Educate new generations about its atrocities and bankrupt ideology . Opponents of strong action against an aggressor wrongly equate political confrontation with war . They believe that admitting that the second largest nuclear power is our enemy would usher in another Cold War and make the situation much more dangerous . History teaches us , however , that to ignore reality and appease our enemy is a more dangerous approach than to clearly articulate our principles and disagreements . When in 1983 the Soviets shot down Korean Air Lines Flight 007 , Ronald Reagan denounced them as enemies of the United States and the entire world . Reagan 's strong stand against the Soviet communism that threatened us for decades with nuclear war helped stop its expansion and eventually led to its complete capitulation . If we could stand against the mighty Soviet Union , we can manage Putin 's much weaker Russia . In February 2000 , only two months into his presidency , Vladimir Putin presented one of his first state awards to Air Force Gen. Anatoly Kornukov . In 1983 , Kornukov was commander of Sokol Airbase in Sakhalin . His order to the fighter pilot was : "  Destroy the target ! " The target was Korean Air Lines Flight 007 . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Yuri Yarim-Agaev : The West 's response to Putin 's Ukraine policy has been murky He says some are looking to Putin as a potential peacemaker in Ukraine battle Author : Putin is the cause of the Ukraine conflict and should be treated that way He says the West needs to take a much firmer stance against Russia 's actions
Kampala , Uganda  CNN  Gunmen on a motorcycle have shot and killed Uganda 's lead prosecutor in the 2010 bombings that killed 76 people who were watching the World Cup finals . Joan Kagezi stopped at a roadside produce stand in a Kampala suburb Monday evening to buy some fruit when her assailants approached , according to police . "  Criminals riding on a motorcycle ... stopped next to the parked car she was driving and shot her twice in the neck and shoulder through the window on the driver 's side , " Kale Kayihura , the inspector general of police , said Tuesday . Kagezi was pronounced dead at a local hospital . Kagezi was the lead prosecutor in the case of 13 terror suspects now before the High Court in Kampala . The blasts erupted in an Ethiopian restaurant and a rugby center while crowds watched the World Cup finals on TV . Spain defeated the Netherlands 1-0 in the 2010 championship hosted by South Africa . Kagezi also was in charge of the nation 's International Crime Division . Kayihura called her death a big loss for the country and promised to hunt for her killers . "  The murder of Joan Kagezi should only serve to increase our resolve to hunt down and bring to justice all those elements bent on disturbing the security and development of our country , " Kayihura said .	Joan Kagezi was the lead prosecutor in the 2010 bombings that killed 76 people The terror suspects in that case are currently on trial
CNN  -- Machinery problems at a drug manufacturing plant prompted the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to warn patients of a possible mix-up affecting various prescription pain medications and over-the-counter drugs . The FDA is advising patients who use certain prescription medications produced by Endo Pharmaceuticals to visually inspect their pills . And consumers who have select bottles of Excedrin , Bufferin , NoDoz and Gas-X , produced by Novartis , are being told to discard or return the products in a voluntary recall that started Sunday . The over-the-counter drugs involved in the recall were manufactured at a Lincoln , Nebraska , facility which also produced various prescription pain medicines for Endo Pharmaceuticals , according to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration . These pills include Percocet , Opana and Percodan . "  Due to problems that occurred when these products were packaged and labeled at the site , it 's possible that tablets from one product may have been retained in the packaging machinery and then may have carried over into the packaging of another product , " said Dr. Edward Cox , director of the Office of Antimicrobial Products , Office of New Drugs , Center for Drug Evaluation of Research for the FDA . "  This could result in an incorrect pill ending up in the bottle of another product . The likelihood of this occurring in medication dispensed in patients is estimated to be low , " he added . The prescription opioids could have ended up in the bottle of another prescription drug or over-the-counter products , although "  the risk of pills ending up in the wrong bottle is a rare event , " according to the FDA . There have been no reports of adverse events due to this problem , Cox said . Patients who take an affected Endo Pharmaceuticals products should visually inspect all the pills in their bottles , according to the company and FDA . Endo Pharmaceuticals posted pictures of the products on their web page for tablet identifications . The products listed there : Opana ER  oxymorphone hydrochloride  extended-release tablets CII ; Opana  oxymorphone hydrochloride  tablets CII ; oxymorphone hydrochloride tablets CII ; Percocet  oxycodone hydrochloride and acetaminophen USP  tablets CII ; Percodan  oxycodone hydrochloride and aspirin , USP  tablets CII ; Endocet  oxycodone hydrochloride and acetaminophen USP  tablets CII ; Endodan  oxycodone hydrochloride and aspirin , USP  tablets CII ; Morphine Sulfate Extended-Release Tablets CII ; and Zydone  hydrocodone bitartrate/acetaminophen tablets , USP  CIII . "  We are asking patients to check their medicines , to look for any tablets of a different size , shape or color from their regular medicine , " Cox said . "  If they find any tablets that are different , stop taking the pain medication and take the medicine to the pharmacy . We are telling patients to look carefully at all tablets in pain medication bottle . " Patients who have questions should contact Endo Pharmaceuticals or their doctors , he advised . Pharmacists are also being asked to "  visually inspect and verify the identity of all tablets dispensed , " Cox said . "  The likelihood of finding a wrong pill in an opioid pain medication is low , " he said . "  Patients should not be alarmed . These steps we 're recommending are additional steps we are recommending to further reduce an already low likelihood of medication mix-up . " The Nebraska plant has been temporarily shut down , which could cause drug shortages and disruptions in the supply chain for Endo Pharmaceuticals . "  We anticipate that there may be a short-term disruption in the supply of these products to patients . This temporary supply disruption is not related to the efficacy or safety of these products , " according to the company . "  We are not aware of any patient having experienced a confirmed product mix-up and there have been no adverse events attributable to a product mix-up . We believe the likelihood of product mix-up reaching a patient is remote , " according to the company . The over-the-counter items involved in the Novartis recall include Excedrin and NoDoz products with expiration dates of December 20 , 2014 , or earlier , as well as Bufferin and Gas-X products with December 20 , 2013 , or earlier expiration dates . Novartis had suspended operations at , and shipments from , the Lincoln , Nebraska , facility . The company said this was done "  to accelerate maintenance " and make other improvements , adding that it currently "  is not possible " to determine when the plant will reopen . Consumers who have the affected products can contact Novartis Consumer Relationship Center or try to obtain a refund .	Machine problems could have mixed up painkillers and over-the-counter drugs Novartis issued a voluntary recall Sunday for Excedrin , Bufferin , NoDoz , Gas-X People using Endo Pharmaceuticals urged to inspect their pills
CNN  -- Typhoon Morakot dumped heavy rain on Taiwan early Saturday and threatened to further soak the recently drought-stricken island . A man fights against strong winds in Hsintien , Taipei county , Taiwan , on Friday . As of 3 a.m. local time , the storm 's eye was over the northern part of the island , CNN forecaster Kevin Corriveau reported , although he noted that slow-moving Morakot is so large it encompassed the entire island . Journalist Andrew Lee in Taipei , citing local media , said the storm had blown off roofs and washed out some bridges . Corriveau said the island has received more than 39 inches  99 centimeters  of rain from the storm , which he said was expected to dump another 39 to 47 inches  99 to 119 centimeters  of rain on Taiwan . The storm made landfall carrying winds of up to 92 mph  148 km/h  , with gusts up to 115 mph  185 km/h  , the Joint Typhoon Warning Center said . iReport.com : See balcony view of heavy rains Corriveau said the storm was expected to linger over the island for several more hours , and the southern portion of Morakot would likely be passing over Taiwan for hours after that . The storm 's impact had already been felt by Friday morning , with mudslides and landslides occurring on the island . The area has been severely affected by drought in recent months , leaving the ground so hard that it does not absorb the rainfall , Corriveau said . Taiwan 's Central News Agency , acknowledging the drought , cited the Water Resources Agency as saying that the storm had replenished the island 's reservoirs and would put an end to water rationing in several areas . Watch more about the typhoon 's impact " The storm prompted airlines to cancel flights . Schools and government offices were closed ahead of Morakot 's arrival , according to Taiwan 's Central News Agency . Trading at the Taiwan Stock Exchange was also postponed until Monday , the news agency reported . In China , state-run Xinhua News Agency reported that governments in coastal provinces were readying themselves for the storm and had ordered fishing boats to seek shelter before Thursday night . In Fujian province , about 8.4 million text messages had been sent to citizens warning them to prepare for the typhoon , Xinhua reported . More than 900 people , including Chinese and foreign tourists , have been evacuated from the resort of Nanji Island off east China , the news agency reported . CNN 's Brandon Miller contributed to this report .	Island gets more than 39 inches of rain ; 47 inches more possible Airlines cancel flights ; schools , government offices , stock exchange closed More than 900 people evacuated from resort of Nanji Island off east China
London , England  CNN  -- Russian oligarch Boris Berezovsky has won his libel case against a Russian broadcaster in a London court , his spokeswoman told CNN Wednesday . The tycoon , who now lives in exile in Britain , was disputing a 2007 report by the All-Russian State Television and Radio Broadcasting Company  VGTRK  , which claimed Berezovsky was behind the 2006 poisoning death of former Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko . The High Court in London awarded Berezovsky # 150,000  $ 223,400  in damages , according to Berezovsky 's spokeswoman , Jennifer Morgan . "  I have no doubt that , in making this program , the purpose of RTR and the Russian authorities was to undermine my asylum status in the U.K. and to put the investigation of  Alexander  Litvinenko 's murder on the wrong track , " Berezovsky said in a statement . "  I am pleased that the court , through its judgment , has unequivocally demolished RTR 's claims . " RTR is the company 's satellite channel . The judgment was issued in London because RTR broadcasts to Britain . In addition to VGTRK , a Russian man , Vladimir Terluk , was also found liable for the damages because the judge found he had made the claim in RTR 's report . VGTRK will not accept the ruling , company lawyer Zoya Matveyevskaya told the state-run RIA-Novosti news service . The broadcaster had previously said it would not recognize any court rulings in this case and would appeal to the European Court , saying the London court process was "  biased " and "  politically tinted , " RIA-Novosti reported . The High Court had demanded that VGTRK reveal its information sources , and after the TV company refused , the court banned the broadcaster from taking part in the court process , RIA-Novosti reported . Litvinenko was a former KGB agent who came to Britain in 2000 after turning whistle blower on the FSB , the KGB 's successor . He claimed he had been ordered to assassinate Berezovsky . Like other dissidents in London , Litvinenko was a vehement critic of then-President Vladimir Putin and vocal about Chechen politics . He wrote a book in which he claimed FSB agents , and not Chechen rebels , carried out a series of bombings at Moscow apartment buildings and a mall in 1999 that killed 300 people . Litvinenko died at a London hospital November 23 , 2006 , from a massive dose of the radioactive material polonium-210 . In a deathbed statement he blamed Putin for his death , something the Kremlin has strongly denied . Berezovsky sued over allegations that he was involved in Litvinenko 's death , which were broadcast April 1 , 2007 , on RTR 's news program Vesti Nedeli , or News of the Week . The program featured an interview with a man named Pyotr , who made the claim . Pyotr 's identity was disguised , but the High Court judge found he was in fact Terluk , who has lived in Britain since 1999 . Berezovsky made his money during the years that Boris Yeltsin was president of Russia by taking control of many state assets , from oil and car companies to property . He was part of the Yeltsin inner circle and led an extravagant lifestyle immortalized in the film , "  Oligarch . " But when Putin came to power , Berezovsky fell out of favor and found his business activities under scrutiny . He fled to Britain in 2000 and was granted political asylum in 2003 . He also saw the demise of his media ambitions after his stake in Russia 's major television company ORT was sold , and his own TV6 channel was closed down . Berezovsky and Litvinenko came to know each other in the aftermath of a failed assassination attempt on the oligarch in 1994 . The pair maintained contact once in Britain .	Boris Berezkovsky awarded # 150,000 in damages after libel case Russian tycoon disputed RTR report claiming he was behind murder of Alexander Litvinenko Former Russian spy Litvinenko died in 2006 from a massive dose of polonium-210 Judgment was issued in London because RTR broadcasts to Britain
CNN  -- North Korea continued to mourn its late leader Saturday while calling his successor son the "  supreme commander , " as the country faces a transition of power following Kim Jong Il 's death one week ago . "  Comrade Kim Jong Un , please assume the supreme commandership , as wished by the people , to lead  North Korea  to eternal victory , " the country 's main state newspaper said in an editorial , according to the state-run Korean Central News Agency . South Korea 's Yonhap news agency speculated that the new title could be "  a sign of the successor 's imminent rise to control the communist country 's military . " Yonhap reported earlier this week that the younger Kim gave his first military orders as leader of North Korea just before the death of his father was announced Monday . CNN.com : Korea demilitarized zone The man known as the "  dear leader " died December 17 of a heart attack at age 69 . The ruling Worker 's Party declared Kim Jong Un , the youngest of three sons , the "  great successor " to his father 's mantle . Analysts have speculated that Kim Jong Un , believed to be in his late 20s , lacks the experience needed to succeed his father , who ruled the reclusive Stalinist state since 1994 . Mike Chinoy , a senior fellow at the University of Southern California 's U.S.-China Institute , said the challenge for North Korea is to speed up the country 's familiarity with the younger Kim : "  The son is a blank slate . They face the challenge of building up his image and reputation faster than they might have done . " Saturday 's editorial was full of praise for both son and father . "  This call is an expression of our people 's faith to follow respected Kim Jong Un , who is identical to Kim Jong Il , to the last of their life , " KCNA reported . Kim 's funeral will be held Wednesday ; the official mourning period will end Thursday .	An editorial calls for the son of the late Kim Jong Il to lead the country "  to eternal victory " The title could point to son 's "  imminent rise " as head of the military Kim Jong Il died one week ago ; the country is in a transition period
CNN  -- Violence swept across Syria on Friday , with at least 43 people reported killed in another bloody day of confrontation between government forces and demonstrators calling for political change . Reliable numbers were difficult to come by . CNN bases its figures on reports from witnesses . Amnesty International , citing local human rights activists , reported that at least 75 people were killed in Friday 's protests . The Syrian government does not permit CNN to report from inside the country . The killings occurred in several flashpoint regions as thousands of Syrian protesters defiantly marched after Muslims ' weekly prayers in a display of mass discontent toward the government . Violence ripped through the Damascus suburbs of Douma , Moademy , and Zamalka , and other cities -- Homs , Harasta , and Izraa . The state-run news agency reported demonstrations and clashes , citing injuries but no deaths . Human rights groups and witnesses told a different story . "  Today , they have killed so many people . There are so many people injured and people have been kidnapped , " Wissam Tarif , a human rights activist , told CNN . "  They are acting as an armed gang , not as security forces . " The violence prompted international condemnation , with British Foreign Secretary William Hague calling the killings "  unacceptable , " and calling on Syrian security forces "  to exercise restraint instead of repression , and on the Syrian authorities to respect the Syrian people 's right to peaceful protest . " Before Friday 's marches , Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch said the death toll had exceeded 200 since the demonstrations began in mid-March . Human rights groups had been urging the government to refrain from cracking down on peaceful turnouts during the Facebook-inspired outpouring dubbed "  Great Friday . " A witness in Douma said eight people died and approximately 25 were wounded when security forces fired on several thousand protesters . Riot police and secret police comprised the security forces and a sniper on a hospital roof was seen taking shots at people . Pellets and lethal rounds were used , the witness said , as people chanted for the downfall of the regime . A doctor in the Damascus suburb of Moadamy said six people were killed and dozens wounded when security forces fired in an "  indiscriminate and disproportionate manner " on thousands of demonstrators . The doctor , a pediatrician , said it was difficult taking the wounded to the hospital . Syrian security forces had set up checkpoints across the area and were preventing anyone from entering or leaving the suburb . Five people were killed in the Damascus suburb of Zamalka , a witness said . An opposition leader in Homs said 12 people died and dozens were wounded when security forces fired on demonstrators . Protesters raced from the main streets for cover in smaller streets and alleys where they waited for the situation to calm . A witness said one of the dead was a 41-year-old demonstrator who was shot in the neck . Tarif said security forces fired on demonstrators from the southern city of Izraa who were trying to join protesters in nearby Daraa , killing nine and wounding others . Two people in Izraa reported seeing an assault on demonstrators and many casualties . An activist in Harasta in the south said 2,000 to 3,000 people met with a fierce crackdown by security forces , and heavy gunfire could be heard over the phone as the witness spoke . Three people have been killed and nine wounded , the source said . In protest , demonstrators burned down a police station . In Daraa , where the protests got their start last month , people shouted "  dignity and freedom ! " Activist Razan Zaitouneh in Damascus said security forces in the suburb of Sit Zainab fired on demonstrators who were tearing down a statue of Hafez al-Assad , the president 's late father and the former ruler of Syria . She said three people were wounded when security forces opened fire in Hasaka in the northeast . Witnesses reported demonstrations in the capital , Damascus , where people chanted slogans and tear gas was fired amid a moderate security presence . Amateur video obtained by CNN purportedly shows demonstrations in Homs , Damascus , Banias , Kiswah , and Qamlishi . CNN can not independently confirm the authenticity of the material . The Syrian Arab News Agency said a "  limited number of demonstrators " came out on Friday in the Damascus area , Hama , Deir Ezzour , Hasaka , Daraa , and Banias . It said security forces settled "  scuffles that erupted between demonstrators and citizens " in Hama , Harasta , al-Hajar al-Aswad , and Hasaka . Demonstrations have been a daily occurrence across Syria for weeks and huge rallies have been common in the authoritarian state after Friday prayers across the predominantly Muslim nation . As people gathered to express their grievances toward the government , they 've frequently been greeted with force from police . Friday 's turnouts came a day after President Bashar al-Assad lifted the country 's 48-year-old state of emergency and abolished the state security court , both of which were key demands of the demonstrators . The emergency law permitted the government to make preventive arrests and override constitutional and penal code statutes . The security court was a special body that prosecuted people regarded as challenging the government . Al-Assad 's decrees on Thursday included recognizing and regulating the right to peaceful protest . They also extended the period that security forces can hold suspects in certain crimes . But Human Rights Watch says the decrees do n't "  address the extensive immunity that Syrian law provides to members of its security services . " It urged al-Assad to undertake more change , such as releasing political prisoners and those arrested for participating in peaceful protests , order probes in security force violations , ensure detainees gain "  prompt access to a lawyer , " and amend repressive provisions of the penal code . It said the government , which is controlled by the Baath Party , should "  enact a political parties ' law in compliance with international human rights norms . " Such a law would allow the establishment of independent political parties . Hague urged the government to address the citizenry 's "  legitimate demands . " "  Political reforms should be brought forward and implemented without delay , " he said . "  The Emergency Law should be lifted in practice , not just in word . " Tarif also said that "  lifting the emergency law is a big joke while the security forces have impunity . "  This is going to become worse . Remember , tomorrow are the funerals , " he said . U.S. President Barack Obama issued a statement in which he condemned "  in the strongest possible terms " the use of force by the Syrian government against demonstrators . "  This outrageous use of violence to quell protests must come to an end now , " he said . "  The Syrian people have called for the freedoms that all individuals around the world should enjoy : freedom of expression , association , peaceful assembly , and the ability to freely choose their leaders . President Assad and the Syrian authorities have repeatedly rejected their calls and chosen the path of repression . " He accused Assad of "  blaming outsiders while seeking Iranian assistance in repressing Syria 's citizens through the same brutal tactics that have been used by his Iranian allies . " Obama added , "  The United States will continue to stand up for democracy and the universal rights that all human beings deserve , in Syria and around the world . " In separate statements , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and the spokesman for France 's Ministry of European and Foreign Affairs condemned the violence . CNN 's Joe Sterling , Arwa Damon , Nada Husseini and Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report	NEW : U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon joins chorus of international condemnation "  This is going to become worse , " a human rights official predicts "  Great Friday " deaths reported in Homs , Izraa , Harasta and Damascus suburbs Human rights groups have urged Syria not to use violence to suppress protests
CNN  Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi has called for a "  religious revolution , " asking Muslim leaders to help in the fight against extremism . In a speech celebrating the birthday of the Prophet Muḥammad , which coincided with New Year 's Day , he said they had no time to lose . "  I say and repeat , again , that we are in need of a religious revolution . You imams are responsible before Allah . The entire world is waiting on you . The entire world is waiting for your word ... because the Islamic world is being torn , it is being destroyed , it is being lost . And it is being lost by our own hands , " el-Sisi said . "  We need a revolution of the self , a revolution of consciousness and ethics to rebuild the Egyptian person -- a person that our country will need in the near future , " the President said . El-Sisi , himself a pious man , was elected in May after leaving the military to run for the office . A former defense minister , he led the ouster of Mohamed Morsy -- the Islamist who was Egypt 's first democratically elected President -- and has long positioned himself as a more secular option , and defender against extremist views . "  It 's inconceivable that the thinking that we hold most sacred should cause the entire Islamic world to be a source of anxiety , danger , killing and destruction for the rest of the world . Impossible that this thinking -- and I am not saying the religion -- I am saying this thinking , " el-Sisi said . He continued : "  This is antagonizing the entire world . It 's antagonizing the entire world ! Does this mean that 1.6 billion people  Muslims  should want to kill the rest of the world 's inhabitants -- that is 7 billion -- so that they themselves may live ? Impossible ! " While el-Sisi 's speech included some powerful language , H.A. Hellyer , a nonresident fellow at the Center for Middle East Policy at the Brookings Institution and research associate at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University , said the President has made similar statements in the past . "  There is little to suggest  el-Sisi  is interested in some sort of Lutheran reformation of Islam . By all accounts , he 's quite comfortable with the prevailing leadership of the Azhari establishment . "  If anything , he wants to empower it further in order to push forward a counternarrative against radical Islamism . The real question is : How credible can such a state-empowered counternarrative be ? " Hellyer said . On Tuesday , the President visited the main Coptic cathedral in Cairo to attend a Christmas mass and make a short speech . He is the first president to attend such a mass since the revolution . "  We will build our country together . We will accommodate each other . We will love each other , " el-Sisi said in that speech .	President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi speaks to celebrate the birthday of the Prophet Muḥammad "  We need a revolution of the self , a revolution of consciousness , " he says
CNN  -- Never have so many been so outraged by so little . We live in a time of instant outrage . The explosion of social media and the demands of the 24-hour news cycle let us immediately express our self-righteous anger about any incident , while the content-desperate media eagerly report -- and repackage -- our rage . Outrage has become conveniently instantaneous . In the years before social media , people who were truly outraged would have to get a piece of paper , type a letter , put it in an envelope , stamp it and drop it in a mailbox . In contrast , today you can use your thumb to type a tweet on your phone and simply click "  Tweet . " Your rage is communicated to the world . Just this week , we saw instant outrage on full display in response to Seth MacFarlane 's jokes at Sunday 's Oscars . Amazingly , MacFarlane offended almost every group in America in one show . He was accused of being sexist , anti-Semitic , homophobic and racist .  It has to be an Oscar record .  Did Oscar organizers possibly hire MacFarlane to trigger our instant outrage for their own benefit ? After all , they knew he 'd say outrageous things . Any chance they wanted the public backlash to make the show , which has seen ratings woes in recent years , more relevant ?  And ratings did rise for Sunday 's Oscar telecast 11 % in the coveted 18-49 age group .  Make no mistake : Our outrage has value . More recently , comedian Joan Rivers found herself the subject of outrage for a joke she made this week invoking the Holocaust . The media are now filled with people debating the "  important " question : Did Rivers go too far ?  Will the media ever stop asking that tired question about comedians ' jokes ?! Instant outrage , however , is not just reserved for comedians ; it crops up all over the news cycle . We saw it this week over Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer 's new policy banning telecommuting in the company she 's been hired to revive , meaning people have to work from the office every day or quit . Twitter lit up : It 's outrageous ! It even happened to me last weekend when I was on CNN with anchor Don Lemon and playfully joked about Canada . Bingo ! My Twitter feed was instantly filled with Canadians incensed that I had the audacity to poke fun at their beloved country . Just to be clear , I have nothing against Canada . In fact , it 's my third favorite country in North America . There 's so much more : Beyonce 's halftime Super Bowl outfit ; Hulk Hogan tweeting a photo of his daughter 's legs ; Kim Kardashian tweeting a photo of her diamond-encrusted gun ; NBA star LeBron James wearing a T-shirt that some claim was about devil worship and/or a symbol for the illuminati . I get it . We all want to have our opinions heard . When we are mad about something , we want others to know about it . When we are offended , we want to call out the person who has offended us . I 'm no different . But here 's the thing : Why not also unleash our collective fury over issues more meaningful than just a comedian 's joke or a celebrity 's tweet ? I 'm not suggesting we ignore those -- because even if I did , no one would listen . But in addition to those , take a moment to express your powerful outrage over issues that might tangibly benefit your life and the lives of others . Let 's get collectively angry that every nine seconds , a woman in the United States is assaulted or beaten . And let 's get even angrier that three women a day in the United States are killed by domestic violence attacks . Let 's get really pissed that 22 % of American children are living in poverty . And please save some  actually a lot  of outrage for Congress , which has become the political equivalent of Lindsay Lohan : We only see it in media coverage doing bad things . Sure , go ahead and be outraged over Joan Rivers ' and Seth MacFarlane 's jokes if you must , but let 's show some anger about the fact that almost 10,000 Americans died in gun violence last year and still Congress has n't passed a universal background check to ensure that criminals and mentally ill people ca n't legally buy guns . So let 's collectively tweet away about the issues that outrage us , be they stupid comments or Syria , comedians ' jokes or the growing income inequality in America . But please do n't just reserve all your outrage for celebrities . They simply are n't worthy of it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah : We live in a cultural era of instant outrage , fed by social media , news cycle He says we inflate small things into big deals too easily -- jokes by Joan Rivers , Seth MacFarlane He says we all get mad but why not about really outrageous things such as poverty , abuse Obeidallah : Next time you tweet about a celebrity outrage , direct some ire at something real , too
RealSimple.com  -- Unscientifically speaking , the number of times you 're asked , "  Are we there yet ? " rises and falls in direct relation to how well you keep children engaged . Sharon Bergen , senior vice president of education at KinderCare Learning Centers , which oversees almost 2,000 early-education programs nationwide , likes these games . The Leader Game : Everyone in the car gets to be the leader for an hour "  in charge of choosing the travel games , the radio station , the DVD , and , if you 'd like , the seating arrangements , " says Bergen . I Spy : For kids , run through the alphabet , such as "  I spy something that begins with the letter A. " For adults , up the challenge with a line like "  I spy something German . " RealSimple.com : Take the Best Road Trip Ever Who Are They ? : Choose another group on the road and make up stories about where they 're from and where they 're going . License-Plate Game : Print out a map of the United States . Each time someone spots a license plate from a different state , mark the map . Vehicle Count : Have kids practice their counting skills with goals like "  Find 25 green cars . " Older children can guess how many pickup trucks or police cars will pass in 10 minutes . The winner chooses the music . Destination Education : Print out some fun facts about the areas you 'll drive through and have children read them and find the relevant places on a map . Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Keeping kids engaged is key to sanity during long road trips Expert suggests six games to keep kids busy in the car Games include "  I Spy " and the "  License-Plate Game "
CNN  -- At 25-years-old , Fatima Bhutto is eligible to become prime minister of Pakistan . Outspoken critic of President Musharraf , a life free of politics is unlikely for Fatima Bhutto . But the writer and poet , whose family name carries so much weight in Pakistan does n't feel the burden of continuing the family 's political dynasty . Instead that fate has befallen her cousin Bilawal , who will have to wait 6 years before being able to run for office . The 19-year-old son of Benazir Bhutto was thrust into a political life when he was nominated as leader of the Pakistan People 's Party  PPP  after his mother 's murder last December . For Fatima Bhutto , adding to the Bhutto family legacy is neither in her interest , nor her country 's . "  I 'm not interested in being a symbol for anyone , " she has said emphatically . "  And I 'm not interested in perpetuating a really ineffectual form of politics simply because of my name . " As outspoken about the current political climate in her homeland as she is committed to staying out of mainstream politics , Fatima Bhutto has had to deflect calls from many in Pakistan to enter into the political fray in the aftermath of her aunt Benazir Bhutto 's death . Many there who have partisan views on the Bhutto family dynasty see her as "  the real Bhutto " as opposed to Bilawal Bhutto Zardari . Despite some physical resemblances to Benazir , Fatima is making her own name for herself in order to live her life outside of the shadow of her famous aunt . Shunning Oxford University she was an undergraduate at Columbia University in the U.S. where she read Middle Eastern studies before doing a masters degree in London at the School of Oriental and Asian Studies . While there she wrote her dissertation on the resistance movements to General Zia ul-Haq . Having spent time in Lebanon and traveling extensively , she writes a regular column for Pakistan 's The News International newspaper . Working as a writer and poet , she has already published two books - a volume of poetry at the age of 15 after her father 's death and a book on the 2005 earthquake in Kashmir from which the proceeds went to survivors of the disaster . Party politics might not be a part of her life at the moment , but politics is an undeniable part of her life . She was born in Kabul in 1982 , and after her parents divorced she moved with her father , Murtaza , to Syria where he married a Lebanese ballet teacher . Murtaza had left Pakistan when General Zia al-Huq hanged Fatima 's grandfather and the former prime minister of Pakistan , Zulfikar Ali Bhutto . From then on there was a rift between siblings Murtaza and Benazir that persisted even when he and Fatima returned to Pakistan in 1993 after Benazir became prime minister for the second time . With division between the two growing , Murtaza formed an unsuccessful splinter party to the PPP . In 1996 tragedy struck when Murtaza was shot and killed by police , an incident for which Fatima has said she held Benazir "  morally responsible . " However , after Benazir 's murder , Fatima put aside the family feud and attended her funeral . In her column in The News International , while restating her differences with her estranged aunt , she called for a moment of calm in Pakistan 's politics . She may resist the call to enter mainstream politics for now , but with such a family history and strong opinions , politics will always have a part to play in her future . In a previous interview with CNN she gave her thoughts on the political culture in Pakistan : "  It has to stop being this autocratic , dynastic environment ... When that day comes and this happens -- that we have an open field -- if there 's a way for me to serve this country , then I would be proud to . "	Niece of Benazir Bhutto a strong critic of Pakistan 's political culture The 25-year-old is a columnist , author and poet Legacy of family history means politics will always play a part in her life
CNN  -- NASA insisted Friday that it has dibs on rocket engines sitting deep on the Atlantic Ocean floor , a day after a wealthy adventurer announced the discovery of the prized pieces of space history . Amazon.com founder and CEO Jeff Bezos revealed Thursday that , using deep-sea sonar , a team had found the F-1 engines that powered the Saturn V rocket carrying Neil Armstrong and the Apollo 11 mission to the moon "  lying 14,00 feet below the surface . " "  We 're making plans to attempt to raise one or more of them from the ocean floor , " the billionaire investor and entrepreneur wrote . NASA Administrator Charles Bolden , in his own statement Friday , applauded Bezos and his team for their "  historic find " and wished them "  all the luck in the world . " At the same time , he stated that any Apollo engine that 's recovered belongs to the space agency . "  NASA does retain ownership of any artifacts recovered and would likely offer one of the Saturn V F-1 engines to the Smithsonian Institution 's National Air and Space Museum in Washington under longstanding arrangements with the institution , " Bolden said . The NASA administrator added that he 'd directed staff "  to provide a smooth and expeditious disposition of any flight hardware recovered . " Bezos himself requested , in a message to NASA , that an F-1 engine or another space artifact be put on display at the Museum of Flight in Seattle . This could still happen if the "  Smithsonian declines " to take an engine that 's raised from the ocean 's depths "  or if a second engine is recovered , " according to the NASA administrator . "  I sincerely hope all continues to go well for Jeff and Blue Origin , and that his team enjoys success and prosperity in every endeavor , " said Bolden , referring to the Bezos-led venture into space flight . "  All of us at NASA have our fingers crossed for success in his upcoming expedition of exploration and discovery . " Bezos said Thursday that the condition of the discovered engines , which slammed into the ocean more than 42 years ago and have been in the saltwater ever since , is n't known . "  On the other hand , they 're made of tough stuff , so we 'll see , " he said . Each of the engines weighs nearly nine tons , and they came in a cluster of five . They provided 32 million horsepower by burning 6,000 pounds of fuel every second , and the five together propelled the largest rocket in history up 38 miles in under three minutes . After doing their work , the rockets plummeted into the ocean , where they had been undiscovered for more than four decades . NASA had some clues as to where they landed , and a piece of the debris landed on a German merchant ship , providing more clues . Robert Pearlman , a space memorabilia expert who runs CollectSpace.com , said 65 of these engines were launched . He said if the engines can be brought to the surface and a serial number can be found , it would be easy to authenticate the find . But bringing them up could be a challenge . "  If all five are still clumped together , it will be like trying to bring up the big part of the Titanic , " Pearlman said . Bezos made his announcement days after another wealthy , high-profile adventurer -- James Cameron -- made deep-sea history himself , as the first person to explore solo the deepest spot in all the world 's oceans , in the Mariana Trench . Also this week , Sir Richard Branson used millions to fund his attempts to travel around the globe in a balloon . Pearlman said Bezos ' disclosure came as a complete surprise to the space memorabilia world . "  But that fits into the way he does business , " Pearlman said , referring to Blue Origins , which aims to make human spaceflight cheaper and easier . "  Bezos and that Blue Origins have always played their cards very close to their chest and often do n't share their milestones until after they have succeeded . " CNN 's Brian Walker contributed to this report .	Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos says he 's found engines used to power Apollo 11 They are on the Atlantic Ocean floor , at 14,000 feet , in unknown condition , he says NASA chief says the space agency has "  ownership of any artifacts recovered "
Washington  CNN  -- "  I am not a member of any organized political party , " Will Rogers once joked . "  I am a Democrat . " Plenty has been written on the current fight for the soul of the Republican Party . But as President Barack Obama unofficially rings in the sixth year of his administration with Tuesday 's State of the Union address , another intriguing struggle may be emerging -- between moderates and progressives on the Democratic side . It 's not a divide on a par with the cavernous pre-New Deal divisions of Rogers ' day . Not even close . But it is taking on growing importance as Democrats , frustrated with unyielding Washington gridlock on virtually every major issue , start to look past the current administration . More specifically , as Democrats look toward the future , there 's sharp disagreement over whether to stick with a Bill Clinton-style centrist agenda or embrace the unabashed left-wing populism most notably personified by Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts and New York Mayor Bill de Blasio . "  We are seeing a split in the Democratic Party between self-described progressives and the old guard , " Brown University political scientist Wendy Schiller told CNN . "  If you dig deep , you see that these are old dividing lines based on economics , region , and culture . " Policy ramifications aside , more liberal Democrats worry that a return to Clinton-era centrism will deflate the party 's base . More moderate Democrats fear a full embrace of Warren - and de Blasio-style liberalism will herald a return to the party 's McGovern-Mondale-Dukakis era political wilderness . Whichever side wins this fight , one thing is already clear : Six years after flocking to the banner of Obama 's "  hope and change " candidacy , a lot of progressives are disappointed in the current Democratic administration . "  It 's a mixed legacy , " said Adam Green , head of the Progressive Change Campaign Committee , a Washington-based liberal group . "  In some areas , like ending two wars ,  Obama 's  presidency has represented a return to some sanity . But on the core issue of corporate power and a government that fights for the little guy , this administration so far has had a lot of missed opportunities . " Hillary Clinton 's Iowa problem Among other things , Green criticized Obama for going along with "  watered down Wall Street reform " and "  a Republican version of health care reform . " Susan Schorin , a 68-year-old political activist from Virginia , told CNN she is particularly disappointed with Obama 's willingness to consider changes to Social Security that could lead to a reduction in future benefits . "  I feel betrayed , " said Schorin , a member of Green 's organization and a volunteer for the Obama campaign group Organizing For America . Obama "  was so enthusiastic and identified with saving these programs for people who really need them . He was extremely verbal about it . " Obama 's a "  great man , " Schorin insisted . But he "  turned his back on me and on all of the people that voted for him on that promise . " On the other side , the president and vice president of the centrist think tank Third Way published an op-ed in The Wall Street Journal in December warning that de Blasio - and Warren-style liberalism would be "  disastrous for Democrats . " 5 things about New York 's new mayor "  While New Yorkers think of their city as the center of the universe , the last time its mayor won a race for governor or senator -- let alone president -- was 1869 , " they wrote . And "  what works in midnight-blue Massachusetts ... has n't sold on a national level since  JFK 's election in  1960 . " Warren : End ` Too big to fail ' In another dig at Warren , they argued that plans to boost Social Security benefits are "  exhibit A of this populist political and economic fantasy . " One week later , Warren fired off a letter to the heads of six major banks , pushing them to disclose any contributions the banks may have made to think tanks . "  Shareholders have a right to know how corporate resources are spent , and , even more importantly , policymakers and the public should be aware of your contributions and evaluate the work of the think tanks accordingly , " she wrote . Meanwhile , with Obama 's last campaign now well behind him , several left-leaning groups that had previously kept quiet for the sake of the President 's re-election are now echoing Green 's criticism and bucking the administration on a number of issues . Earlier this month , a coalition of 18 environmental organizations sent the White House a letter warning that Obama 's "  all of the above " energy strategy -- one that embraces so-called "  green energy " and more domestic extraction of traditional fossil fuels -- is unacceptable for those sounding the alarm about climate change . "  An ` all of the above ' strategy is a compromise that future generations ca n't afford , " the letter declared . "  It increases environmental injustice while it locks in the extraction of fossil fuels that will inevitably lead to a catastrophic climate future . " Liberal groups made their displeasure clear last year when Obama considered Larry Summers -- a key member of Bill Clinton 's economic team -- to head the Federal Reserve . Obama ultimately went with Janet Yellen . A number of progressive leaders also pushed back against Obama 's proposed airstrikes in Syria , and made clear their unhappiness with the recent budget deal that froze spending on key liberal domestic priorities . Obama , who originally emerged from the more liberal wing of the Democratic Party , appears sympathetic at least to the economic populism arguments . In a speech in December to the left-leaning Center for American Progress , the President made clear that America 's growing wealth disparity would be a focus of his remaining time in office . "  Increasing inequality is most pronounced in our country and it challenges the very essence of who we are as a people , " he declared . Obama says income gap eroding American dream While divided Democrats will soon begin their search for a new standard-bearer , political observers warn not to make too much of the differences now bubbling to the surface . "  Both parties have a far greater degree of programmatic consensus than they did 40 or 50 years ago . This is one reason why the parties have polarized and why it is often difficult to achieve bipartisan compromises , " noted George Washington University political scientist John Sides . "  The differences between Obama , Hillary Clinton , Warren  and others  are mostly at the margins , " he argued . "  There is far more agreement than disagreement on the fundamental issues . " De Blasio and the Clintons : The ties that bind ? "  By their nature , political parties are coalitions of mostly like-minded voters and groups , " Johns Hopkins University political scientist Adam Sheingate added . "  It 's not uncommon for there to be differences on policy issues within the coalition , or a range of opinions on issues that span part of the political spectrum . " Regardless , Schiller argued that the financial demands of modern presidential campaigns may ultimately spell defeat for de Blasio - and Warren-style economic populism . The political war over poverty "  There is a strong voice within the Democratic Party that believes Barack Obama has not done enough to protect the average working voter , " she said . "  For now Elizabeth Warren personifies that voice , but when the pressure to raise really big money for 2016 rears its ugly head  and  the Democrats need to be competitive for Wall Street money , her voice may very well get drowned out by the pragmatic wing of the party . " Schiller also noted that around the dawn of the last century , the Republican Party wrestled with a similar split on economic issues . The outcome of that struggle eventually helped fuel decades of dominance for Franklin Roosevelt 's New Deal coalition . "  History tells us that danger lurks for both the Democrats and the Republicans if they fail to heal their internal divisions , " she warned .	Dems disagree over whether to stick with centrist agenda or embrace left-wing populism Obama "  so far has had a lot of missed opportunities , " progressive leader says When 2016 rolls around , pragmatists might drown out progessives , expert says
CNN  -- The insurgents who attacked an Afghan military base where Prince Harry is deployed may have gotten onto the base by sneaking through a hole in a fence , a British military source said Monday . Officials discovered the hole after the attack , the source said , adding that the attackers -- daringly disguised in U.S. Army uniforms -- also tried to blow up parked NATO aircraft with hand-held improvised explosive devices . Prince Harry was about a mile and a half away from Camp Bastion when the attack happened , according to the source . The royal was immediately placed on lockdown , as were other troops who were not fighting the insurgents , the source said . U.S. Marines , British forces and a U.S. Army unit that just happened to be nearby spent nearly three hours battling the insurgents , the source said . NATO releases details of brazen raid on base in Afghanistan "  This was a well-coordinated and complex attack that we 're taking very seriously , " a U.S. official said Monday . It 's extremely rare for Afghan insurgents to use U.S. uniforms in their attacks . The last time CNN can identify was more than two years ago , when NATO repelled attacks on two bases in Khost province in August 2010 . No coalition troops were killed in that attack , NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said at the time . At least two U.S. Marines were killed in the brazen strike late Friday , and six jets were destroyed , the ISAF said . Well-trained , well-rehearsed fighters carried out the sustained assault in Helmand province , the ISAF said . About 15 insurgents organized into three teams penetrated the base 's perimeter fence and did considerable damage , destroying six refueling stations and damaging six aircraft hangars . Slain Marine predicted his own death The attackers toted automatic rifles , rocket-propelled grenade launchers and suicide vests . They destroyed six AV-8B Harrier jets and damaged two others before the attack ended , the coalition said . Fourteen of the fighters were killed , and one was wounded and captured , the ISAF said . Eight coalition military personnel and one civilian contractor were also wounded . It is too soon to say whether the attackers had "  inside knowledge , " ISAF spokesman James Graybeal said . The ISAF would not say how the attackers got the uniforms , but CNN staff who have spent time in Afghanistan say they are for sale in markets there . There has been at least one other case of Afghan insurgents wearing U.S. uniforms , in May 2010 . And in Iraq five years ago , there was a dramatic and successful raid using the tactic . Attackers wearing what appeared to be American uniforms were responsible for the kidnapping and killing of five U.S. soldiers in Karbala , Iraq , in 2007 . Prince Harry is an Apache helicopter pilot based at Camp Bastion , but the British Ministry of Defence categorically rejected reports in Sunday 's British press that he was just a few hundred yards from the gunbattle . NATO admits killing civilians in Afghan strike Harry , a grandson of Queen Elizabeth II and third in line to the British throne , "  was in no way in any danger " during the latest attack , ISAF spokesman Maj. Martin Crighton said earlier . On Saturday , the ISAF said the camp is secure and the strike would not "  impact " air and ground operations . Camp Leatherneck , the U.S. side of the base , was not affected by the attack , said Maj. Adam N. Wojack , an ISAF spokesman . The joint base is in a remote desert region of Helmand , the southern province in the Taliban heartland . The Taliban said it carried out the strike , calling it a response to the anti-Islam film stoking anger among Muslims . Yet Crighton said there had no organized demonstrations outside its gates before the assault . Afghanistan has seen only relatively small and peaceful demonstrations against the film during a week in which there were protests across predominantly Muslim countries and other locations . 4 NATO troops killed in ` insider ' attack in Afghanistan	Attackers , disguised in U.S. Army uniforms , tried to blow up NATO aircraft , source said British royal , a helicopter pilot , is deployed to Afghanistan Prince Harry was about mile and a half from attack , source says
CNN  Washington . New York . Philadelphia . Havana ? The Vatican says Pope Francis may add another leg to his trip to the United States this September , visiting Cuba just months after he helped negotiate a diplomatic thaw between the two nations . The possibility , which would add a dimension of international intrigue to an already highly anticipated trip , was first reported Thursday by The Wall Street Journal . In response to reporters ' questions , Vatican spokesman the Rev. Federico Lombardi said in a statement , "  The Holy Father has taken into consideration the idea of making a stop in Cuba " on his way to or from the United States this September . "  However , contacts with the Cuban authorities are still in too early a phase for it to be possible to regard this as a firm decision or an operative plan , " Lombardi continued . Francis , the first pontiff to hail from Latin America , played a key role in the re-establishment of diplomatic relations between Cuba and the United States , earning praise from both President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro . The Pope made personal pleas to Obama and Cuban leaders in private letters , writing that the two nations should try to reset their relations after decades of friction . The Vatican also hosted talks between U.S. and Cuban delegations in October , where they hashed out aspects of a new trade policy and discussed the release of jailed American contractor Alan Gross , who was freed as part of the detente between the two countries . "  I want to thank His Holiness , Pope Francis , whose moral example shows us the importance of pursuing the world as it should be , rather than simply settling for the world as it is , " Obama said in December as he announced the U.S. policy shift . Since his election in 2013 , Pope Francis has displayed a deep interest in international affairs . He repeatedly urged Western leaders not to bomb Syria , hosted a prayer service between Israeli and Palestinian leaders at the Vatican and waded into diplomatic controversy on Sunday by referring to the killing of 1.5 million Armenians a century ago as a "  genocide , " a move that deeply upset Turkish leaders , who recalled their Vatican ambassador . The Pope is expected to continue his international activism this July with a trip to South America , where he will visit Ecuador , Bolivia and Paraguay . Just a few months later , in late September , Francis will visit Washington , where he will address Congress ; New York , where he will address the U.N. General Assembly ; and Philadelphia , where he will celebrate a public Mass that 's expected to draw more than 1 million people . In an interview with CNN 's Jake Tapper on Friday , Archbishop Charles Chaput , the Pope 's host in Philadelphia , said he 'd had n't heard about the potential for a papal visit to Cuba until he turned on the morning news . Two previous Popes have visited the Caribbean nation : St. John Paul II in 1998 and former Pope Benedict XVI in 2012 .	Pope Francis played key role in re-establishing diplomatic ties between Cuba and U.S. "  Contacts with the Cuban authorities are still in too early a phase , " Vatican spokesman says
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- The midterm campaigns will soon be under way . President Barack Obama has a few more months in the hot days of summer to get legislation through Congress , but representatives and senators will soon be focused on their campaigns with little thought for anything else . The midterm elections will be extraordinarily important for the composition of Congress . If Republicans can expand their numbers in the House and Senate , they might develop enough muscle to stifle Obama from accomplishing anything else . It could also be enough to put pressure on moderate Democrats to further undercut the legislative gains of the first term by enacting spending cuts and weakening the regulatory apparatus of programs like Dodd-Frank . On the other hand , if Democrats do well they can improve their standing in the House and place more pressure on Republicans to make compromises . Besides the composition of Congress , the midterms will provide some insight into the challenges each party will face and what promises they might make in the 2016 presidential election . The shape of the campaigns will start to clarify what the Republicans intend to stand for and whether they can put forth ideas that excite , rather than turn off , voters outside the reddest parts of the country . The rebellion taking place within the GOP has been growing more intense . Many senior leaders are warning that their party is on a destructive path that will only lead to more rounds of defeat . Many Republicans privately agreed when former Senate Majority Leader Robert Dole said the GOP ought to be "  closed for repairs " until next year , and in the meantime , "  spend that time going over ideas and positive agenda . " Since 2010 , Republicans invested almost everything in the issue of deficit reduction and saying no to everything that came out of the White House . The bet has n't been paying off . At a certain point , voters seem to have lost interest in the message and , now that the long-term budget picture is doing much better while the economics of austerity has come under fire , the issue is gaining even less voter traction . The midterm elections will be the opportunity in the next two years for Republicans to show voters they have something more to say , and to offer two or three big ideas they can use in the race for the White House . Democrats face a similar challenge . They need to start hinting at what their party will be about in the post-Obama age . Many Democrats are wondering if the next election will be like 1988 , when Vice President George H.W. Bush campaigned on Ronald Reagan 's record and essentially promised to do more of the same , just in kinder and gentler fashion . Or will Democrats try to offer something more transformative -- a governing agenda for the challenges we face in 2016 rather than those we faced in 2008 ? Voters want to hear what Democrats have to say about federal investments in the nation 's economic future , about how to handle climate change and how to build on Obama 's promise to restore the balance between law and civil liberties and homeland security . If Democrats can start developing ideas for the next candidate to run on , they could not only bolster their numbers on the Hill but strengthen the platform for the next crop of candidates to win over voters . There are also questions about the mood of the electorate . Everyone will have a close eye on the immigrant vote . Although the turnout is much smaller in midterm elections , given the heat of the immigration debates , it will be significant to see if the energy levels are still high among immigrants for the Democrats and how much Republicans have been able to improve their standing with some high-profile party members like Marco Rubio coming out for reform . It will also be important to see whether any kind of anti-immigrant backlash sets in , similar to what Democrats saw against civil rights in 1966 following the race riots in Watts and other cities . The outcome of the debate over immigration legislation in the House will have a big effect . The aftermath of the recent controversies will also be significant . Right now the political cycle is in full scandal swing . The midterms will provide some sense of whether those stories have legs , either detrimentally for Democrats as Republicans suffered in 1974 after Watergate or whether a backlash sets in against the GOP , as New Gingrich and his allies suffered in 1998 amid the impeachment of President Bill Clinton . Finally , the midterms will offer a platform for future presidential candidates to show their stuff . In 1966 , former Vice President Richard Nixon seized the national spotlight , campaigning for Republicans across the nation , and making it clear , through his fundraising and speeches that he was a formidable candidate who could take on Lyndon Johnson , or any other Democrat . This year , candidates from former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie will seek to use this moment , with the national spotlight turned on the political playing field , for the same advantage . It will also be a chance for the parties to shake off some of the challenges that are holding them down , such as the right-wing drift of the GOP -- which could hurt the chances of the Republican candidates in 2016 , regardless of how charismatic and talented they are . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : Midterm elections could change the balance of power in Congress Zelizer : If Democrats win , they can force compromise ; if GOP wins , it can torpedo Obama He says midterms will be a glimpse at challenges and promises parties will offer in 2016 Zelizer : Elections will also offer a huge stage for possible presidential candidates
RollingStone.com  -- Lil Wayne returned to the stage last night at the Hard Rock Hotel in Las Vegas for the finale of Drake 's Light Dream 's and Nightmares tour , stunning fans by joining Drake midway through their new single "  Miss Me . " "  I 'm fresh from my vacation , " Weezy said as the crowd erupted into absolute pandemonium . "  I swear to god ai n't nothing , nothing , nothing like home . " Photos : Lil Wayne Returns to the Stage With Drake Rumors had been swirling all day that Lil Wayne -- just two days out of prison -- was in Vegas and planning on performing at the show . During opening sets by AJ Hernzy and Tyga the sold-out crowd repeatedly went into chants of "  Weezy , " and erupted into cheers when his image appeared on the screens . During Drake 's headlining set he recounted getting a phone call from Lil Wayne the previous day . "  It was from a number I never seen in my life , " he said . "  All I heard was -LSB- imitating Wayne 's voice -RSB- , ` Yo , I got a new number . It 's Weezy . ' I said , ` Man , it 's great to hear your voice on a regular line . ' " Timeline : The Criminal History of Lil Wayne Wearing a black hat , black jeans and no shirt , Lil Wayne finally ran onstage at 11:20 PM to a sea of hysterical fans holding cell-phone cameras . "  I was gone till November , but do n't trip because I know you was gon na kill 'em , " Wayne rapped , slightly tweaking the lyrics to "  Miss You . " "  I 'm back . " He left after the one song and did n't join the rest of the Cash Money crew for the finale , but nobody in the crowd seemed to mind as they continued their "  Weezy " chant ever after the lights turned on . Lil Wayne is reportedly now headed to Miami for a giant homecoming party , though he 'll have to be on good behavior . According to the terms of his release he 's not allowed to consume any alcohol for the next three years , and he 'll be subjected to random drug testing . Copyright © 2010 Rolling Stone .	Wearing a black hat , black jeans and no shirt , Lil Wayne ran onstage to a sea of fans "  Swear to god ai n't nothing , nothing , nothing like home , " the rapper said Lil Wayne is reportedly now headed to Miami for a giant homecoming party
Washington  CNN  -- In the largest alleged BP oil spill-related scam uncovered to date , federal authorities on Thursday charged two Floridians with taking $ 340,000 in funds intended for victims of last year 's environmental disaster in the Gulf of Mexico . Justice Department officials said Joseph Harvey , 51 , and Anja Kannell , 41 , of Delray Beach , Florida , appeared in federal court in Miami on Thursday to face indictments for mail fraud , wire fraud and aggressive identity theft . Prosecutors said the defendants claimed the money from a $ 20 billion fund set up to help legitimate victims of the spill recover lost income . Justice officials said they have brought charges in at least 30 cases in which individuals tried to recover funds to which they were not entitled . This was the biggest case yet , according to the Justice Department . Harvey and Kannell are accused of filing phony claims using 34 assumed identities of actual Florida residents . These claims were complete with names and Social Security numbers , though they had fictitious addresses in Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama and the Florida Panhandle . Officials say the defendants instructed that all the funds be sent to an account they controlled in Texas . A magistrate judge on Thursday ordered Harvey and Kannell to remain in custody , pending further court proceedings next week . The charges carry 10 - , 15 - and 20-year prison sentences upon conviction .	Joseph Harvey , 51 , and Anja Kannell , 41 , appear in federal court They allegedly assumed 34 false identities to file oil-spill claims Prosecutors say the two claimed $ 340,000 intended for victims of the Gulf spill
In our Behind the Scenes series , CNN correspondents share their experiences in covering news and analyze the stories behind the events . CNN 's Chris Lawrence uncovers the challenges facing high school students in Los Angeles , as part of the weeklong "  Broken Schools " series airing this week on CNN 's American Morning , weekdays at 6 a.m. ET At L.A. 's Jefferson High School nearly 75 percent of the parents of students did not finish high school . LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- It 's the first week of their freshman year and four girls are gossiping outside of Jefferson High School as they wait for the bell to head inside . If the numbers stay true , only one or two of them will graduate from high school . One of the girls , Ana Rosa Gutierrez , already says she does n't like school . She calls it boring and says , "  School does n't give you money . You have to go ... drop out to go work and get money to support your family . " Ana Rosa is 13 years old . I ask her if she 's known anyone who left school . But I should have asked her if she 's known anyone who stayed . "  Most of my brother 's friends dropped out . My brother dropped out because we needed money , he got a job , " says Ana Rosa . "  How old was he , " I ask . "  I think , 16 , " she replies . We listen to teachers take attendance during first period and look at all the empty seats in the classroom . "  Louis Romero ? Louis ? He 's absent , " the teacher remarks . That 's not unusual at Jefferson High School , where 58 percent of students , nearly six out of 10 students , drop out . See why the school 's dropout rate is so high " "  I 'm not proud of having the highest dropout rate in the system , " says Principal Juan Flecha . But there are many factors beyond his control . The families are for the most part poor . Many are held together by single mothers who do n't have much money . So there 's pressure in homes like Ana Rosa 's for teens to get a job and help the family . But it 's much deeper than that . The school is located in an area of Los Angeles where new immigrants settle , mostly from Mexico and Central America . About half of the students are learning English as a second language and it 's not often reinforced at home . Jefferson has extended the school day to increase time spent on language arts , but Superintendent David Brewer asks , "  How do you teach a child to not only learn a language , but master the language to the extent they can learn algebra ? And learn Shakespeare ? " Nearly 75 percent of the parents of Jefferson High students did not graduate from high school . So there 's no history of education to draw from . Still , the school is trying to hold parents accountable by working with the city attorney 's "  Operation Bright Future , " a school truancy and gang prevention program . "  If their students are absent a lot , then the city attorney goes to the parents and says ` Listen if you do n't get your kids in school then you could be in jail , ' " says Brewer . You ca n't separate the school from its neighborhood . Jefferson had to be locked down on the first day of school after there was a shooting just a half-block away . Students like Ana Rosa have to adopt an almost military mind-set just to get here , devising strategic routes through gang territory . "  One of the sad things is ... there are certain blocks where they know that it 's just not safe to go through there , " says Flecha . "  And , they have to establish a very elaborate pathway from home to school . " There are signs of hope . In 2005 , only half of the seniors passed the graduation exam . Last year , nearly three out of four students passed . Jefferson has beefed up security inside the school and has created a program that allows students choose their own track : teacher preparation , global leadership , business or creative arts . So-called "  dropout advisors " have increased home visits to students who have stopped coming to class . Jefferson recently qualified for nearly $ 2 million in state funds and it plans to hire 10 new teachers and a psychiatric social worker . But will it be enough to keep students like Ana Rosa , who does n't see school as anything that can make her life better ? As she walks through the front door of Jefferson , I ask her if she thinks she 'll stay . "  Hopefully . Hopefully , I will . I do n't know , " she responds . "  But you 're not sure , " I prod . "  I 'm not sure , " she says .	Nearly 58 percent , or 6 out of 10 , Jefferson High School students will drop out Ana Rosa Gutierrez , 13 , does n't like school ; her brother quit to support the family Some students must devise strategic routes through gang territory to get to school School holds parents accountable through city 's truancy , gang prevention program
CNN  -- Teenager Bojan Krkic scored twice as Barcelona overcame the pre-match loss of key striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic to defeat Athletic Bilbao 4-1 on Saturday night and move three points clear in Spain . Ibrahimovic scored both goals in the Spanish champions ' 2-2 draw with Arsenal in midweek , but is now ruled out of the second leg of the Champions League quarterfinal at home to the English club after picking up a calf injury in the warmup , according to the UK Press Association . The 19-year-old Bojan stepped up for just his third league start this season in a much-changed Barca line-up , and staked his claim for a place on Tuesday with an assured performance . It is a big week ahead for the European champions , who face second-placed Real Madrid in a key clash next Saturday which will have a massive bearing on who wins the La Liga title . Real can return to the top on goal difference ahead of that match by winning by two scores at Racing Santander on Sunday . Barca coach Josep Guardiola made several changes against sixth-placed Bilbao , and ended the match with eight youth-team products on the pitch after midfielder Yaya Toure went off injured . Winger Jeffren celebrated his call into the senior team with the 26th-minute opening goal as the 22-year-old netted his first league goal of the season from Eric Abidal 's cross after Lionel Messi sent the recalled France fullback free down the left . Bojan made it 2-0 five minutes before halftime after captain Carles Puyol -- playing at right-back in the absence of the suspended Daniel Alves -- intercepted a stray pass and picked out the young forward , who has played once for Spain despite having a Serbian father . He doubled his tally just before the hour mark with a fierce right-foot shot after Abidal again provided the ammunition , while Messi made up for an uncharacteristic first-half miss from close range when he netted from Pedro 's 67th-minute cross . It was the Argentina forward 's 26th league goal of the season and his 35th overall . Bilbao pulled a goal back through Markel Susaeta , and goalkeeper Victor Valdes twice denied Ander Iturraspe to prevent a repeat of the lapse that saw Barca blow a two-goal lead against Arsenal . Managerless Sevilla claimed fourth place with a 3-0 victory over lowly Tenerife in Saturday 's late match , with strikers Fredi Kanoute and Luis Fabiano netting in the first half before Jose Carlos curled in an 87th-minute free-kick . Mallorca can go back ahead of Sevilla with a draw against Almeria on Sunday , while victory would lift the islanders two points clear . Tenerife were left third from bottom and deep in relegation trouble , seven points behind closest team Santander . Real Zaragoza moved seven points clear of the relegation zone with a 2-0 victory at home to Malaga , moving one place above their opponents . Zaragoza followed up last weekend 's 3-0 upset of third-placed Valencia as Argentine midfielder Leonardo Ponzio smashed in the opening goal just before halftime and Chile striker Humberto Suazo sealed victory with a volley from Javier Arizmendi 's header with 14 minutes to play .	Zlatan Ibrahimovic ruled out of Barcelona 's Champions League clash with Arsenal Sweden striker to miss second leg of quarterfinal after suffering calf injury Bojan Krkic scores twice in 4-1 win over Athletic Bilbao after his late call-up into team Managerless Sevilla move up into fourth place with 3-0 victory against lowly Tenerife
CNN  -- It was once a game of luck using misshapen stones from Scotland 's riverbeds first thought to be played out on frozen waters in the mid-16th Century . In the four-and-a-half centuries since , a sport often referred to as "  chess on ice " has become increasingly high tech , more reliant on the science behind the friction element of stone on ice that affects the outcome of every match . For the most puzzling sport at the Winter Olympics , no stone is being is being left unturned in the pursuit of gold at Sochi in 2014 . In recent years , top scientists have been brought in to get a better understanding and investigate the subtle nuances of the game -- from how and why the curling stones turn to how the sweeping action of players with brooms in hand affects the distance it can travel . Part of the Olympic program since 1998 , curling is played out between two teams of four that slide 16 stones down a 30-metre stretch of ice . The dominant forces of the sport have been in North America , Scandinavia and Scotland . And as each powerhouse of the sport tries to gain an advantage , it is not surprising where the research has tended to emanate from . The most recent data comes from Sweden , whose women 's team has won gold at the last two Olympics in Vancouver and previously Turin . Harald Nyberg , a researcher at Uppsala University , was part of a team looking at ` The asymmetrical friction mechanism that puts the curl in the curling stone ' after being approached by the Swedish Curling Federation . "  They wanted more information , they wanted to know more about how they should treat the stone to behave consistently over time , " explains Nyberg , who published his paper earlier this year . Nyberg and his team more typically work on friction and wear in more industrial and technical applications but used the same approach to working out how the stone curls . They studied the surface to a high resolution to see its specific machinations and discovered the outcome was that the curved path was due to the microscopic roughness of the stone producing microscopic scratches in the ice As the stone slides over the ice , its roughness leaves small scratches and , when the rear of the stone passes that area , it passes those original scratches in a different direction , leading them to follow those scratches , hence changing direction . It is this scratch guiding that generates the sideway force necessary to cause the curl . Nyberg is the first to admit : "  It does seem quite simple does n't it ? We tried much more complex things first before coming up with this . " The research was handed to the Swedish Curling Federation , and has warranted interest from Britain but Nyberg admits that , while it gives players a better understanding of the science behind the sport , it is unlikely to revolutionize the sport . "  They know quite well how it behaves despite not understanding the science - that 's how instinctive they are , " he said . "  I 'm not sure it will change their approach , it does n't necessarily change the way they play . " Sweepergometer So what about the sweeping motion done by team members , which also affects the direction and distance a stone can travel , again through the use of friction ? John Bradley was brought in by the Scottish Institute of Sport in the wake of Britain 's success at the Salt Lake City Olympics in 2002 , when Scottish housewife Rhona Martin captained her team to gold . The SIS wanted to look into ways to build on that success and improve the team 's chances still further . Bradley looked at two major aspects . One was the physical demands of the game bearing in mind teams can be competing on the ice for 25 to 35 hours in the Olympics en route to a podium position . But , from a scientific sense , the other area -- the area of sweeping -- is more interesting when it comes down to the pure workings of the sport . Using what is known as a Sweepergometer , which is effectively a normal curling broom with all manner of wires attached to it to measure movements of the sweeping strokes on the ice , Bradley sought to uncover what difference sweepers made to the direction of the stone . Explaining the basis to the research , he said : "  Curling is the only sport where you can do something with the projectile to affect its trajectory once you get rid of it . "  You can extend the path of the stone by half a meter in a straight line -- and that 's quite a difference in a sport of fractions and centimeters in deciding matches despite it being a 30 meter rink . " He added : "  It 's been a case of is it better to sweep faster or sweep harder ? We found it 's better to sweep harder at certain points and sweep faster at others . Also , if you brush an area of ice more than you 'll obviously get a much greater transfer of heat . " The research found a number of factors -- that players suffered fatigue , as a result meaning the downwards force of their sweeping onto the ice and their sweep rate declined considerably . Among the other finds , said Bradley were : "  Fast and hard sweeping is physically demanding but can be effective at influencing a stone 's trajectory , and the heat transfer to the ice from the brush head is key to this . "  Also , depending on what side of the stone the sweeper stands and the handle of the stone , sweeping can help a stone stay straighter or curl more . "  Sweeping in pairs with each person sweeping vigorously next to the stone for 10 seconds then swapping will maintain the intensity of sweeping and can help steer the stone to some extent . " But how much difference can this research have had ? "  There 's the finest margins between success and failure so it will help if you get a better understanding of it , " he said . "  So it 's great if this gives them a bit more control and adds additional strategy to the game of curling . "  In a way it was n't anything they did n't realise but it was putting a bit more logic behind it , it makes them smart with it . They can be more practical with their strategies for controlling the stone , and you can bring a higher level of sweeping coordination about . " Eve Muirhead is skip of the Great Britain team , among the favorites to win gold in the event in Sochi next year , for what will be her second Games as team leader at the tender age of 23 . Muirhead and her Scottish-based team work closely with the SIS and , as such , are kept up-to-date with the science of curling . She explains : "  You do read of things when they come up but the science side of things , that 's what the SIS is there for . They 'll have a look at any science or research and it 's up to us athletes to get on with the job . "  There 's obviously a lot of science behind curling but , first and foremost , as a player you have to go out there and play . "  It 's not like I sit down and learn the science of the sport but I certainly recognize what people are trying to do and the science behind it all . Of course , you want to use every inch that will help you . "	Research this year explains for the first time how and why a curling stone curls Science teams from Sweden and Britain battle to get a cutting edge over each other Innovative devices , like the Sweepergometer , are used to track the nuances of the sport Sport once played in just Scotland grasping new technology
New York  CNN  -- New York City already had the highest cigarette taxes in the nation , and a new state law that went in to effect Thursday pushed the price of smoking even higher . The state legislature on Monday approved a bill adding an additional state tax of $ 1.60 to every pack . The bill , which was signed into law by Gov. David Paterson , raised the state tax to a total of $ 4.35 per pack . New York City smokers pay an additional municipal tax of $ 1.50 per pack , so the new tax increase means that smokers in the city will pay $ 5.85 per pack in taxes . That drives the average local retail price up to nearly $ 11 per pack , according to some estimates . And it makes for the highest state-local tax whammy on tobacco in the country , according to the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids . Chicago is the runner-up at $ 3.66 per pack in taxes , according to the organization . "  I am about to quit because it 's getting ridiculous -- who can afford this ? " Coney Island resident Louis Torres , 24 , said in response to Thursday 's new per-pack price tag . And that 's just the kind of response anti-tobacco groups are hoping for . But for some New Yorkers , the elevated prices are not as important . When asked whether he would continue to buy cigarettes Jason Mallor , 40 , said , "  Probably . We 're all puppets here . " He said he has been smoking for 20 years . Carrie Thompson , 28 , reacted to the new price tag by saying , "  I should quit now ... I get that cigarettes are bad . I do n't understand why they are so expensive here , we 're in the most expensive city . " The tax hike is aimed at generating an additional $ 440 million in 2010-2011 tax revenue to support health care programs . David Sutton , a spokesman for Altria Group , parent company for tobacco company Philip Morris , said he was "  extremely disappointed " with the increase that makes New York 's cigarette tax "  far and away the highest in the nation . " "  This huge tax increase will make the present contraband cigarette crisis in New York State much worse , " he said in a recent e-mail to CNNMoney.com . "  And it will likely not raise the revenue projected , as it will provide even greater incentives for consumers to purchase contraband cigarettes to avoid paying these extremely high taxes and will cause further loss of business to New York retailers selling state-taxed cigarettes . " -- CNN 's Monika Plocienniczak contributed to this report .	New state law adds additional tax $ 1.60 per pack to existing state tax New York City also has tax of $ 1.50 per pack Smokers in the city now paying $ 5.85 per pack in state and local taxes State hopes to raise revenue ; tobacco industry fears price hike will drive smokers to black market
Last week the Electronic Privacy Information Center filed a petition with the Supreme Court asking it to stop the government 's collection of telephone records of Verizon customers . It was not a decision we took lightly . But as an organization dedicated to protecting privacy , we had no choice . Of all the recent revelations about the government 's surveillance activities , the most significant is a secret court order that required Verizon to provide to the National Security Agency -- on an ongoing basis -- the call detail records on all of its customers . Not since the congressional hearings of the Church Committee -- the Senate committee that investigated widespread intelligence abuses in the 1970s -- has there been evidence of such extensive spying by the U.S. government on the American public . But unlike then , the digital data of the modern telephone network allows for an extraordinary sorting and sifting of digital information today . A phone number is easily linked to a person , perhaps a doctor , a minister , a family member , or a close friend . Call detail records can also reveal where people are and who they are with . Such information can be very useful when tracking a particular target in a criminal or intelligence investigation , but collecting such data on all Americans who have a telephone is without precedent . In our filing with the Supreme Court , the Electronic Privacy Information Center asked a simple question that we hope the Court will answer : Is it legal for the government to collect so much information about so many people suspected of no threat to national security ? According to the law -- section 215 of the Patriot Act -- the government is only allowed to obtain such information if it is "  relevant " to an "  authorized investigation " and if its use is for very narrow purposes . How could it possibly be that all of the customers of Verizon could be subject to an authorized investigation of the U.S. government ? To us that seems impossible . And that is also the view of some of those who wrote the law and who served on the court that applies the law . Rep. James Sensenbrenner , R-Wisconsin , the original author of the Patriot Act , recently said he was "  extremely disturbed " about the news of the Verizon order and said it was "  not consistent with the Patriot Act . " Retired Judge James Robertson , who served on the secretive Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court , said he was "  stunned " to learn about the court 's broad authorities . The views of Sensenbrenner and Robertson are shared by many legal scholars . It is simply inconceivable that Congress could grant legal authority for the routine surveillance of all of our telephone records . And the secrecy surrounding these activities -- not only was the court order kept secret , but so too was the legal justification -- should set off alarm bells . If the government has a good justification for the program , it should not be difficult to provide a public explanation , even if some of the details must be withheld . Some are surprised that our organization went directly to the Supreme Court . They point out that the Supreme Court prefers hearing disputes after the issues have been considered by lower courts . But under the special rules of the secret court that issued the Verizon order , we had no choice . Only the government or Verizon could have objected to the order of the secret court . They did n't , so we turned to the one Court that has the ultimate authority to say what the law allows . And if there is one case that justifies review under the Supreme Court 's "  mandamus " standard , our organization 's challenge to the NSA 's domestic surveillance program is that case . Over the next month , we look forward to working with legal scholars , technical experts and others who have expressed support for our petition . They will be filing friend of the court briefs to explain to the Supreme Court in more detail the important issues in our case . We anticipate that the Court will consider our arguments when it returns in early October . Still , there is more to do . We believe that the NSA 's decision to undertake domestic surveillance has also triggered a provision of law that requires the agency to take public comments . We believe that the public should have the opportunity to express its views on the program . Whether you oppose or support the NSA 's domestic surveillance program , your views should be heard .	Marc Rotenberg : Electonic Privacy group wants Supreme Court to step in on privacy He says secret court order makes Verizon give call record info to National Security Agency He says : Patriot Act powers can only be used in certain circumstances Rotenberg : Supreme Court has ultimate authority to say what law allows -- and it is not this
CNN  -- People like to say history repeats itself , but Southern Co. , which is building the first U.S. nuclear reactors approved in decades , is hoping this is n't true . With last year 's tsunami-induced disaster at the Fukushima Daichi plant in Japan , Southern does n't want its reactors to meet the same fate . "  We learned a lot from Fukushima , and all that has been taken into account , " said Cheri Collins , general manager of Atlanta-based utility , one of the largest electricity distributors in the United States . "  Our uncompromising focus is safety and quality . " During October 's annual France-Atlanta 2012 conference , Collins explained how the newly designed Westinghouse AP1000 nuclear reactors at Plant Vogtle in Waynesboro , Georgia , will feature safety measures meant to prevent a Fukushima sequel . They include the reactors ' not needing electrical power to shut down safely and relying less on pumps and valves and more on natural heat . Also , because of digital operation , a human controller wo n't be required for 72 hours , and the main core will remain cool because of a containment cooling system . These design changes , Collins said , are meant to protect employees and the surrounding community in the event of a natural disaster . Collins noted that while Southern keeps safety atop its list of priorities , it ca n't "  control the weather , " and it 's hard to prepare for natural disasters such as the 2011 earthquake and tsunami in Japan or 2005 's Hurricane Katrina on the Gulf Coast . According to Mike Altizer , Southern 's nuclear engineering programs manager , tests involving floods , earthquakes , fires and tsunamis were conducted in hopes of ensuring a natural disaster would n't affect the reactors . Yet while Southern moves forward , last year 's disaster has soured the prospects for nuclear energy in some European nations , while critics ask why more is n't being done to tap safer energy such as natural gas . On March 11 , 2011 , a 9.0-magnitude earthquake , the fourth-largest on record , struck off the coast of Tohoku , Japan . It triggered a tsunami with 30-foot waves that later forced the shutdown of eight reactors at two plants in Fukushima . The next day , a nuclear emergency was declared at the Daichi and Daini plants after the tsunami cut off electricity and disabled the backup generators at the former while causing the cooling systems to fail at the latter . Roger Hannah , a Nuclear Regulatory Commission spokesman , said the agency is taking a number of actions in response to Fukushima . They involve equipment , training , procedures , maintenance and fire protection , he said . "  The Vogtle reactors are an advanced design that has more passive safety features , " Hannah said . "  The NRC does not allow a plant to operate if it does not meet the agency 's stringent safety regulations . " According to the NRC website , on March 12 , the commission passed regulatory requirements for nuclear plants in response to Fukushima . Those requirements include mitigation strategies to respond to extreme natural events that result in a loss of power at the plant , steps to ensure the safety and reliability of venting systems designed to release pressure and the enhancement of spent fuel pools . Also , the NRC created the Japan Lessons Learned Project Directorate , a group that focuses exclusively on implementing regulations based on the lessons learned at Fukushima . Edwin Lyman , a senior scientist for the watchdog Union of Concerned Scientists , is n't for or against the new reactors , he said , but he expressed concerns with the tests and safety features . "  In my judgment , the AP1000 design does not have any safety advantages compared to currently operating reactors and , in fact , may be less safe , " Lyman said . "  The features described are only designed to function in the event of -LSB- a -RSB- so-called ` design basis accident ' -- not the type of severe accident that occurred at Fukushima . " At Fukushima , there was a total loss of power for nearly 10 days , so even if the reactors had been AP1000s , they would have run into trouble after 72 hours , Lyman said . In addition , the NRC has exempted the AP1000 from some of the modifications it is requiring at operating nuclear reactors after Fukushima , he added . He said he is n't familiar with the NRC natural disaster tests , but "  certain components of the AP1000 shield building were tested for their structural integrity under certain stress conditions and actually failed the tests , but the NRC discounted the results because it claimed that those components did n't need to pass those tests . " In a May 2011 New York Times report , NRC Chairman Gregory B. Jaczko said the shield building 's design numbers seemed off . Jaczko , who stepped down as chairman in July , said the company had not tested the buildings under enough possible seismic activity situations . However , the five-member NRC voted in favor of the licenses four to one , with Jaczko being the lone vote against it . Jaczko said he would n't speak on record to CNN , but he told CNNMoney on February 9 that the new licenses do n't go far enough in requiring the builders to incorporate lessons learned from Fukushima . Hannah explained there were many versions of the AP1000 design that raised questions among critics during its creation . The shield building was a major area of concern but was fixed before the final design was approved , he said . A total of 19 changes have been submitted since the design began in 2002 , the last of which came in June 2011 , according to the NRC website . Asked about Lyman 's assertion that the Vogtle plants would incur problems if they went 10 days without power , as did the reactors at Fukushima , Hannah said all plants have some sort of backup generator that allows power to be generated in an emergency -- even one as big Fukushima . "  We have a task force specifically designed to find out what kind of backup generators will work best in these situations , " he said . Along with the safety concerns , critics have other questions about the reactors . For one : Why build new reactors when there are cheaper energy sources , namely natural gas ? Lyman is one of those critics , and he points to the $ 14 billion price tag for the two reactors , which some estimates indicate may be $ 1 billion short of the actual cost . "  The enormous price tag of new nuclear power projects , such as Vogtle 3 and 4 , means that nuclear power is not cost-effective , especially given the low price of natural gas , " Lyman said . According to the Energy Information Administration website , new low-cost drilling technologies , growing production and an increase in reserves have made natural gas a primary source for energy , rivaling coal for the first time in April . Before the U.S. approved plans for 13 nuclear reactors this year , the last nuclear reactor was built in 1990 . Collins downplayed the natural gas argument during the France-Atlanta conference . While it is "  the right choice of energy in terms of cost " right now , she said it has been volatile lately and that using nuclear energy is a better option as a long-lasting energy source . The EIA states that prices for 1,000 cubic feet of natural gas , a standard measure , have fluctuated greatly of late , from $ 9.84 in December 2011 to $ 15.94 in August . Plant Vogtle has had two nuclear reactors in operation since 1989 . Unit 3 is scheduled to be in operation by 2016 , and Unit 4 is scheduled to be operational a year later . Vogtle 's were the first reactors to be approved since 1978 , the year before America witnessed its most serious nuclear plant meltdown . On March 28 , 1979 , a unit at the Three Mile Island nuclear power plant experienced a combination of equipment malfunctions , design-related problems and worker errors that led to a partial meltdown of the unit 's reactor core . It took nearly 15 years to clean up the damage . Though no deaths or injuries occurred to plant workers or people in the nearby community of Middletown , Pennsylvania , the Three Mile accident brought about numerous safety changes in the nuclear plant industry that still resonate today . Likewise , other countries have n't taken the events at Fukushima lightly either , and much like Three Mile Island gave the world pause in its nuclear ambitions , Fukushima is prompting changes around the globe . For instance , Belgium and Germany have decided to get out of nuclear power entirely . Italy had been planning to start using nuclear power but decided not to , said European Commission spokeswoman Marlene Holzer . "  We have conducted a reassessment of all existing nuclear reactors in the EU in the light of Fukushima . We hope that the results and the recommendations made will be included when building new reactors , " Holzer said . "  Building on these results , we will come out with a new EU law on nuclear safety . "	The two new nuclear reactors are the first to be approved by the NRC since 1978 NRC group focuses on implementing regulations based on lessons learned at Fukushima Critics say natural gas is cheaper ; so why use nuclear energy ? Because of the events at Fukushima , other countries have stopped using nuclear energy .
Washington  CNN  The Supreme Court on Friday agreed to take up a case concerning the lethal injection protocol that left an inmate in Oklahoma to die slowly and gasping for breath last year . The case , which is likely to be heard this term , was brought by inmates who claim the state protocol violates the Constitution 's prohibition on cruel and unusual punishment and could open a new chapter in the ongoing battle over the patchwork system of execution procedures in the United States . "  Petitioners are pleased that the Supreme Court will review their case , " said Dale Baich , one of the attorneys representing the death row inmates . In a statement , Baich said that the protocol is "  not capable of producing a humane execution , even if administered properly . " An original plaintiff in the case , Charles F. Warner , was put to death last week . Another plaintiff , Richard E. Glossip , is set to die on January 29 . It was just nine months ago that Oklahoma botched the execution of Clayton Lockett using the same protocol . Related : Botched lethal injection marks new front in battle over executions Botched Oklahoma execution haunts inmate as death nears But Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt defended the state 's lethal injection procedure in a statement Friday . "  Oklahoma 's execution protocol has been affirmed as constitutional by two federal courts and has successfully been implemented in Oklahoma , as well as more than 10 similar executions in Florida , " he said . "  We will continue to defend the constitutionality of this protocol in order to preserve DOC 's ability to proceed with the sentences that were given to each inmate by a jury of their peers . " In 2008 -- in a case called Baze v. Rees -- the court found Kentucky 's lethal injection protocol constitutional , but since then , as they struggle to locate lethal injection drugs , many states have changed their protocols and have experimented with different drugs . In court papers , Baich asked the justices to take up the case to "  revisit Baze v. Rees because the lethal injection landscape has changed significantly in the last seven years . " "  The time is right for the court to take a careful look at this important issue , " Baich said . Oklahoma uses an intravenous injection of midazolam meant to cause unconsciousness , followed by rocuronium bromide , which works as a paralytic , and then potassium chloride that serves as a heart-stopping agent . Critics of Oklahoma 's protocol say that the first drug , midazolam , is not FDA approved as a general anesthetic . They say midazolam fails to maintain unconsciousness . Florida , Oklahoma , Alabama and Virginia use the same three-drug protocol that includes midazolam , according to Megan McCracken , a death penalty expert at U.C. Berkeley 's Boalt Hall School of Law . Other states such as Ohio and Arizona have used the drug in a two-drug combination . Ohio recently abandoned the use Midazolam after the execution of Dennis McGuire . "  What 's at issue here is the use of midazolam and whether it is at all appropriate for execution , " said McCracken . "  There have only been three executions where the prisoner was not paralyzed after the administration of mid and all three went horribly awry , raising serious concerns about the drug and whether it allow humane execution , " she said .	The high court will review Oklahoma 's lethal injection procedure The case stems from the execution of an inmate last year Oklahoma has defended the procedure
San Diego , California  CNN  -- Marco Rubio is writing his life story . Now the only question is : Which life ? The 40-year-old Florida senator , and Republican Party rock star , is shopping his memoir to New York publishing houses . There is sure to be a market ; Republicans want to embrace a Latino conservative to shield them from accusations that their immigration rhetoric is anti-Latino , and so , for them , Rubio is the most beloved Latino since Desi Arnaz . A memoir is a good idea . Rubio may need a whole book to explain the contradictions surrounding his biography . Rubio has repeatedly said that his parents left Cuba after Fidel Castro took power in January 1959 . But documents brought to light by the Washington Post and St. Petersburg Times reveal that Mario and Oriales Rubio arrived in the United States , legally on an immigration visa , much earlier -- in May 1956 . So what ? That 's the scandal ? Rubio is clearly not the only American with a bad memory . Many European-Americans are so far removed from their families ' immigrant past that , not only can they not tell you when their ancestors migrated to the United States , sometimes they can barely tell you what country their family came from . "  Let 's see , I 'm part German , and I think I have a little Irish and some Italian . No , some French . " Apparently , if you 're Cuban-American , it matters a lot . There is a pecking order in South Florida . Being a descendant of those who came as political exiles after Castro came to power supposedly carries more cachet than if your family simply came as economic immigrants before Castro took power . I do n't get it . But then , I 'm not Cuban-American . So I defer to two friends  and media colleagues  who are . Alfredo Estrada , publisher of Latino Magazine , is skeptical about Rubio getting the dates wrong . "  When your parents left Cuba is seared into the memory of every Cuban-American , " he told me . Rick Sanchez , whose family left Cuba in the winter of 1962 , was much harder on Rubio . In an op-ed for The Huffington Post , the former CNN host blasted the inconsistency and tied it back to the senator 's immigration views . " -LSB- Rubio -RSB- convinced Americans that he was the son of political refugees , " Sanchez wrote , "  implying that it somehow made him different from the other Hispanics who he attacks regularly -- the ones in Arizona , Georgia and Alabama that he and others want to detain , arrest and kick out . How dare they come here looking for work and to better their lot in life ? Marco Rubio made us believe he is different from them when he 's not . " I understand what my friends are saying . And I understand that , as a Mexican-American and not a Cuban-American , there are some things I will never understand . Nevertheless , I thought that Rubio did a fine job of acquitting himself in an op-ed for Politico . "  The Washington Post accused me of seeking political advantage by embellishing the story of how my parents arrived in the United States , " he wrote . "  That is an outrageous allegation that is not only incorrect , but an insult to the sacrifices my parents made to provide a better life for their children ... I am the son of immigrants and exiles , raised by people who know all too well that you can lose your country . By people who know firsthand that America is a very special place ... Ultimately what The Post writes is not that important to me . I am the son of exiles . I inherited two generations of unfulfilled dreams . This is a story that needs no embellishing . " That 's poetry , and yet that op-ed may have backfired . National Public Radio says that it has found discrepancies between what Rubio wrote for Politico and the account that Rubio offered on one of its shows two years ago . For Politico , Rubio wrote , "  In February 1961 , my mother took my older siblings to Cuba with the intention of moving back ... But after just a few weeks , it became clear that the change happening in Cuba was not for the better ... So in late March 1961 ... my mother and siblings left Cuba and my family settled permanently in the United States . " But , in 2009 , Rubio told NPR 's "  All Things Considered " that his mother returned to Cuba in 1960 with his older siblings to care for her ailing father and that she wound up staying nine months because the Cuban government would n't let her and her eldest son , Mario , return to the United States . Eventually , she and her children were allowed to leave . Which is it ? Did Rubio 's mother return to Cuba in 1960 or 1961 ? Was she preparing to move back , or caring for a sick parent ? And did she stay "  just a few weeks " or nine months ? Documents confirm that Oriales Rubio was in Cuba for just over one month . So the story that Rubio wrote in Politico was closer to the truth than the one he shared with NPR . Frankly , I do n't know what to make of this story . My reporter 's nose tells me there are more "  gotcha " revelations to come . My head tells me that this whole story does n't matter to most Americans . And my heart tells me that Rubio would not even be in hot water -- especially with fellow Latinos -- if he was not a Republican . Rubio is someone with a shot at becoming the first Latino in the White House , he terrifies the Democratic establishment . And so they want to take him out . Yet , I am quite impressed that the story of one family 's exodus from Cuba more than 60 years ago has captured the attention of so many of my media colleagues . Now if I could just get them to focus on a much more important story to which many of them are turning a blind eye : the exodus of more than one million illegal immigrants from the United States , and the breaking up of hundreds of thousands of families , at the hands of the Obama administration . All of it for the sake of politics . Now that 's what I call a scandal . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : GOP "  rock star " Marco Rubio has warring details in his life story He says there are conflicts in when Rubio says parents left Cuba and when they actually did He says Latino friends doubt Rubio 's explanation : Cuban emigres know when they left Navarrette : Only reason it 's an issue is because Rubio is real threat to Democats
New York  CNN  -- Former NFL wide receiver Plaxico Burress was released from a New York prison Monday after serving 20 months on a weapons charge stemming from a shooting incident at a nightclub . The former New York Giants player accidentally shot himself in the leg with a .40 - caliber semiautomatic pistol he was carrying in his waistband . The incident occurred in November 2008 , in the VIP area of the Latin Quarter nightclub in Manhattan . Burress was not licensed to carry a pistol in either New York or New Jersey , where he lived . In August 2009 , he pleaded guilty to a charge of attempted criminal possession of a weapon and agreed to serve two years under a plea agreement . He spent the last 20 months at the Oneida Correctional Facility in Rome , New York . Burress became a hero to New York Giants fans in the 2008 Super Bowl when he caught the game-winning touchdown pass from quarterback Eli Manning with 35 seconds remaining in the game . The following season , Burress ' career with the Giants was marred by a series of incidents . He was suspended by the team in early October for missing a practice . Later that month , he was fined $ 45,000 by the NFL after arguing with a referee and throwing a football into the stands . After the nightclub incident , Burress was suspended from the Giants . The team later released him .	NEW : Burress was released Monday morning Burress accidentally shot himself in the leg while at a Manhattan nightclub He was not licensed to carry a pistol in New York or New Jersey , where he lived Burress pleaded guilty to a weapons charge
CNN  Real Madrid 's star-studded attacking force might be struggling to fire , but Barcelona coach Luis Enrique has no such problems with his wealth of talent up front . Sunday 's 6-1 demolition of Rayo Vallecano put the Catalan side one point above Real at the top of Spain 's La Liga , with Lionel Messi setting more records as he netted a hat-trick while fellow forward Luis Suarez also scored twice . Even without suspended Brazil star Neymar -- the third prong of Barca 's striking line -- Enrique was able to happily reflect on a result that fully rubbed salt in Madrid wounds following Saturday 's 1-0 defeat at Athletic Bilbao . "  We 're elated , but the objective is to be leading at the end of the season . I already said that everybody could lose a game , so we have to keep playing well and win every match , " he said . "  It 's heavy having to win every single match . Each game is more important than the last . " By contrast , Real coach Carlo Ancelotti is feeling the strain after also dropping points last weekend against Villarreal . "  There is no link-up play , our play is too based around individual play , we need another way of attacking , with faster play and fewer touches , " said the Italian , who must rouse his troops for Tuesday 's European Champions League last-16 , second-leg tie at home to Schalke . "  It is quite confusing to see what we 're doing at the moment in attack . The ball does n't move around quickly . " While Real 's front trio of top scorer Cristiano Ronaldo , Karim Benzema and Gareth Bale are struggling to match their form from the first half of this season , Barca 's star men are moving into menacing mode ahead of the rival teams ' "  El Clasico " clash at the Nou Camp in a fortnight . Messi 's 32nd career hat-trick is a record for a Spanish club player , and took him past Ronaldo as the La Liga leader on 24 trebles . The Argentina star also drew level with the Portugal captain as the Spanish league 's top scorer this season on 30 goals . It 's the sixth successive season in which he has topped 40 goals , with 41 from 38 games so far this campaign . Suarez has now scored six goals in his last four games , and 13 from 26 overall appearances since joining from English club Liverpool after a World Cup that ended in a lengthy ban for his bite on Italy 's Giorgio Chiellini . "  Suarez and Messi are having more and more chemistry , and today we all saw what they bring to the team , " Enrique said . "  I like  Ivan  Rakitic wherever he plays on the field . He always knows what to do with the ball and is one of the best signings we 've ever had . " "  Gerard  Piqué has always known how to score , above all on set plays . It 's a perfect solution for games when our opponents collapse defensively . " Both teams had a player sent off in front of a crowd of over 87,000 , Barca 's best this season : Rayo defender Tito for a foul on Suarez in the 55th minute that allowed Messi to make it 3-0 with a retaken penalty ; and Dani Alves for tripping Alberto Bueno , who also netted the resulting spot-kick . Barca 's 20th win from 26 league games put the club seven points clear of third-placed Atletico Madrid after the defending champion 's 1-1 home draw with fourth-placed Valencia later Sunday . Koke put Atletico ahead in the first half but Shkodran Mustafi headed an equalizer with 12 minutes left , while Valencia teammate Javi Fuego received two late yellow cards . Sixth-placed Villarreal beat Celta Vigo 4-0 , while Real Sociedad beat Espanyol 1-0 in a mid-table clash . In Italy , second-placed Roma missed a chance to put pressure on leader Juventus after being held 0-0 at struggling Chievo Verona on Sunday . It left Rudi Garcia 's team eight points adrift of Juve , which hosts Sassuolo on Monday . Third-placed Napoli also drew , blowing a two-goal lead against Inter Milan as Rodrigo Palacio and Mauro Icardi , with an 87th-minute penalty , canceled out second-half goals by Marek Hamsik and Gonzalo Higuain . In Germany , Bayer Leverkusen moved up to fourth with a 3-0 win at Paderborn as South Korea striker Heung-Min Son scored two late goals after a 73rd-minute opener from Greece defender Kyriakos Papadopoulos . In France , Lyon restored a one-point lead at the top of the table with a 5-1 win at Montpellier , as young midfielder Nabil Fekir scored twice . In England , Premier League side Liverpool faces an FA Cup replay after being held 0-0 by second-tier Blackburn .	Barcelona reclaims Spanish league lead with 6-1 win at home to Rayo Vallecano Lionel Messi sets record for hat-tricks by a Spanish club player His treble moves him level with Cristiano Ronaldo as La Liga 's top scorer Luis Suarez scores twice , with Gerard Pique adding Barca 's other goal
CNN  -- A brush fire near Tampa , Florida , prompted authorities Saturday afternoon to shut down Interstate 75 in both directions , a local sheriff 's office said . The blaze was centered in Ruskin , about 20 miles south of Tampa near Florida 's Gulf coast , according to the Hillsborough County Sheriff 's Office . First reported as extending five acres , the fire eventually grew to 50 acres , said Hillsborough County Fire Rescue spokesman Ronnie Rivera . Southbound traffic was being diverted off the highway at Sun City Center "  due to zero visibility . " For a time , vehicles likely were also prohibited from moving northbound . The closure extended for 11 miles -- between mile markers 229 and 240 -- the Florida Department of Transportation reported on Twitter . By 3:15 p.m. , the fire was contained -- although , by then , a mobile home was destroyed and several vehicles had burned , according to Rivera . Conditions had improved enough to allow for I-75 traffic to resume moving northbound ; southbound traffic was still stopped because of poor visibility . The National Weather Service had issued a hazardous weather outlook for the area , warning that "  dry fuels and low relative humidity will result in favorable conditions for the spread of wild fires . " Saturday 's forecast for Ruskin was for mostly sunny skies with high temperatures around 76 degrees and sustained south-southwest winds of around 10 mph . Conditions should be even warmer and windier Sunday , the weather service predicts , with a high near 80 degrees and winds gusting as strong as 21 mph . Video on CNN affiliate WFTS 's website showed white smoke rising near the highway -- as throngs of vehicles in one direction sat seemingly at a standstill -- and mingled with puffs of clouds on an otherwise picture-perfect spring day . CNN 's Jennifer Moore contributed to this report .	NEW : The 50-acre fire , which burned a mobile home , is contained NEW : I-75 northbound reopens , though southbound traffic was still closed around 3:15 p.m. The fire had caused the highway 's closure due to "  zero visibility , " a sheriff 's office says The National Weather Service warns of "  dry fuels and low relative humidity " in the area
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President-elect Barack Obama is likely to name Steven Chu , a physicist who runs the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory , as his energy secretary , three Democratic officials close to the transition said . Steven Chu explains his Nobel-winning theory on superfreezing gases in 1997 . The three officials said the announcement is expected next week in Chicago , Illinois , and that Obama will also name Carol Browner , administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency in the Clinton administration , as the newly created "  climate czar " inside the White House . Chu won the 1997 Nobel Prize in physics and is highly respected in energy circles . But some Democrats have privately expressed concern that Chu has no political experience as he takes on the monumental task of passing a landmark energy reform bill early next year . Although Browner is seen as a shrewd inside player who could help the incoming energy secretary navigate Capitol Hill , Obama will face questions about how effective his team will be going up against oil companies and other special interests that do not want to change the status quo . "  Energy is going to be a huge fight , " one Democratic official said . "  They need someone with the gravitas and force of personality to make it happen . " Democrats have privately floated some other big names for energy secretary in recent days , including California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger and former Secretary of State Colin Powell . But a source close to Schwarzenegger said the governor wants to serve out the rest of his term . A source close to Powell said the retired general will take "  no formal Cabinet role " in an Obama administration but is leaving the door open to an informal troubleshooting role -- such as Mideast envoy -- if the incoming president has a specific mission that needs to be filled . iReport.com : What do you think of Obama 's cabinet picks so far ? Energy is one aspect of the president-elect 's one-year goal to create 2.5 million jobs by 2011 . The plan , which Obama announced Saturday , aims to put Americans to work updating the country 's infrastructure , making public buildings more energy-efficient and implementing environmentally friendly technologies , including alternative energy sources . During his campaign , Obama said he would invest $ 150 billion over 10 years in clean energy . He proposed increasing fuel economy standards and requiring that 10 percent of electricity in the United States comes from renewable sources by 2012 .	Physicist Steven Chu to be named as nominee next week Former EPA chief Carol Browner picked as new "  climate czar " Nobel Prize winner Chu has some wondering about lack of experience Obama 's energy team will face tough fight next year , officials warn
CNN  -- The head of Homeland Security travels to Arizona Friday , a day after Mexican authorities questioned two men in a shooting that killed a U.S. Border Patrol agent and wounded another near the U.S.-Mexican border . The Mexican army handed the two over to local authorities in Sonora , having detained them near the American border , the Mexican attorney general 's office said Thursday . The two were in possession of drugs and guns when they were detained , added the source . Local authorities are investigating if the pair had anything to do with Tuesday 's shooting near Naco , Arizona , where Border Patrol agents came under fire after responding to a sensor that had gone off nearby . U.S. authorities have identified the agent killed as 30-year-old Nicholas Ivie . The Provo , Utah , native , who joined the Border Patrol in January 2008 , is survived by his wife and two young children . Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano and other federal officials will meet with Ivie 's family "  to express their condolences , " said department spokesman Matt Chandler . Ivie is the 14th agent killed in the line of duty since 2008 , including three this year . He was killed near a border station recently named for Brian Terry , whose 2010 death led to the public disclosure of the botched Fast and Furious gun-smuggling sting , according to Sen. Chuck Grassley of Iowa . What was ` Fast and Furious ' ? The agent who was wounded has not been identified . After the shooting , he was airlifted to a hospital with non-life-threatening injuries . He was released from the hospital Wednesday , said Jeremy Copeland , an agent with the Tucson Sector of U.S. Border Patrol . "  Napolitano  and the others  will also meet with federal , state and local law enforcement officials at the Brian A. Terry Border Patrol Station in Bisbee , Arizona , regarding the ongoing investigation , " Chandler said in a statement . In addition to Mexican authorities , the FBI is conducting a joint investigation with the Cochise County Sheriff 's Office . James Turgal , special agent in charge of the FBI 's Phoenix division , has declined to say if the Border Patrol agents involved in the incident returned fire . As of Wednesday , investigators had not found the weapon used in the shooting , a U.S. law enforcement official said . Lanny Breuer , assistant attorney general for the Criminal Division of the Justice Department , said earlier this week that investigators were at the scene . "  Every time that a law enforcement person is either killed or shot or injured in the line of duty , we have to take a moment and think of our families and think of the heroes involved , " Breuer said . Seven bodies found in western Mexico CNN 's Eduardo Aragon contributed to this report .	NEW : Napolitano will go to Arizona to talk with fellow officials about the investigation 2 men are being questioned , a source in Mexico 's attorney general 's office says They were detained near the U.S. border with drugs and guns , says the source They are being questioned about the fatal shooting of a U.S. Border Patrol agent
CNN  -- For more than 100 days , the St. Louis area has experienced an unprecedented season of unrest . On August 9 , Officer Darren Wilson shot Michael Brown , an unarmed teen . The next day , the community gathered for prayer in the parking lot of the Ferguson Police Department . People continued to gather as the prayer service ended . I hung around and listened to story after story of police abuse in Ferguson and throughout the St. Louis area . I have no reason to doubt the legitimacy of the stories as my own black children have had similar encounters and stories of their own . Meanwhile , about a mile away on West Florissant Avenue , more people gathered to express grief . Existing frustrations with the business community on West Florissant were amplified by Brown 's death . Passions exploded when the grievers were met with an aggressive police presence including a barking attack dog and drawn rifles . In utter despair and bewilderment , one person threw a rock through a window . As others ran from the police , anger and fear collided , resulting in a fair amount of destruction -- including the burning down of the QuikTrip . There has n't been a day like that since . A tale of two streets in Ferguson Residents from all over St. Louis who gathered day after day on West Florissant encountered police being transported in armored trucks , standing offensively in riot gear , some officers with rifles and others with batons , none with a name tag . We were tear-gassed and shot with rubber bullets and wooden pellets . A justifiably angry community was met with a violent assault from militarized police . This community needed to process grief , express anger , question authorities , and gather information . We did n't get that . My friend J. Harris said , "  When you treat a generation of people like they have nothing to offer , they will start fighting like they have nothing to lose . " In the months since Brown 's death , this community has formed an unbreakable bond . Many times , the community has come together for dinner during protest demonstrations . Women have become surrogate moms . Men have risen as protectors of the community . Lifelong friendships have been formed . The white and Latino community has also entered the struggle . Many white allies have told stories of feeling powerless in righting injustices they have witnessed in their communities and schools and are now empowered by a collective action . Latinos have had similar experiences with police brutality and excessive force , and we stand united . There is within St. Louis a groundswell of residents who are fed up with unchecked power and abuse of trust and authority primarily as it pertains to law enforcement throughout this region . Missouri , it is said , is the heart of America . America 's heart is broken . Many talk about a need for reconciliation . Personally , I think reconciliation is the wrong goal as it implies that an equitable relationship existed at some point . There is a long history of great division in our state -- classism and racism have impacted every issue of our lives . I do not believe that we need to reconnect with each other ; I believe that a new relationship paradigm must be molded . We are broken , and simply getting back to the way things were will not heal our brokenness . I have met some really good white people who are so deeply rooted within systemic racism that they do n't even realize their actions and inactions are racist behaviors and thoughts -- to them , it 's just the way things are . Brown 's blood spilling out onto that street in Ferguson was symbolic of the blood that is spilling out of America 's heart . The answer to a broken heart is not found in calling for more force . The heart needs healing -- healing , Governor , healing ! Missouri governor declares state of emergency Our movement reminds me of Blind Bartimaeus in Mark 10:46 -52 . The scripture says that when Bartimaeus heard Jesus was passing by , he cried out for wholeness . As others told him to be quiet , he cried out all the more . Bartimaeus did n't have anything to lose , and in this divine moment he decided that the possibility of being whole was worth the risk of remaining broken . Bartimaeus summoned every ounce of courage and boldness within him and the scripture says he shouted out all the more until his voice was heard -- until he got access to the wholeness he knew was possible . Bartimaeus has been crying out in St. Louis for more than 100 days and has been dealt with harshly by the use of rubber bullets , tear gas , pepper spray and wooden batons . Yet Bartimaeus has cried out all the more . As the heart of America is made whole , lifeblood will pump through throughout this nation . We -- black , white , Latino ; across socioeconomic class ; interfaith ; clergy , politicians and other leaders ; children , young adults and elders -- have collectively determined that the possibility of being whole is worth the risk of remaining broken . We are not going away . Not with tear gas , not with pepper spray , not with beatings , not with arrest . We will spread our cries to the furthest reaches of this city until the process of wholeness has begun . It is my prayer that the governor will do as Jesus did and hear Bartimaeus crying out and bring healing to the heart of America .	The people of Ferguson are grieving , the Rev. Renita Lamkin says Missouri is heart of America , and America 's heart is broken , she says The answer to a broken heart is not found in calling for more force , Lamkin says
CNN  -- Cardinal John Onaiyekan of Abuja , Nigeria , was asked last week at the celebration of Black History Month in Toronto if he thought that the time was ripe for an African pope . His answer attracted much cheering from the crowd of over 500 Catholics of African descent . He said : "  The time for an African pope was ripe even in the time of the Apostolic Fathers in the first century of the church . "  I am not saying that I wish to be considered for the papacy , but the fact that the Gospel is to be preached to all peoples , languages , and races means that the highest leadership of the church should be open to anyone from any race , language and nation . I will not be surprised to see an African pope in my lifetime . " None of us who listened to him expected that a week later , the prospect of an African pope will be put to the test in the next conclave in March as a result of the sudden resignation of Pope Benedict XVI . For many Catholics , where a pope comes from may not be as important as who the pope is , but for most African Catholics the election of an African pope will be a wonderful sign that African Catholicism has come of age , and they hope that such a pope will address squarely the particular challenges facing Africans today and integrate African culture and socio-economic priorities into mainstream Catholicism . Within the last three decades there has been a shift in global Catholicism . The center of gravity in World Christianity has moved from the West to the global South . Watch video : Contender to be the first black pope ? This is not only with regard to African Catholicism but to African Christianity in general . British Missiologist Andrew Walls argues : "  African Christianity must be seen as a major component of contemporary representative Christianity , the standard Christianity of the present age , a demonstration model of its character . That is , we need to look at Africa today , in order to understand Christianity itself . " This is a view shared by many who watch the exponential growth and diversity of African Christianity at a time when Catholicism is dying in the heartland of Europe , weakened by sexual abuse , a crisis of leadership , and a crisis of faith and secularism . According to recent figures , 70 % of Catholics now live in either in the Americas  48 %  or in Europe  24 %  and more than a quarter live either in the Asia-Pacific region  12 %  or in Sub-Saharan Africa  16 %  . For the first time in history , Latin America and Africa provide more than half of the population of Catholics in the world today . At a time when the pews and churches of Europe and North America are empty and many dioceses are declaring bankruptcy , the churches in Africa are filled beyond capacity every Sunday . At a time when European church celebrations are seen to be too formal , too medieval and ritualistic , and lacking in joy and flavor , church celebrations in Africa are very enthusiastic , celebratory , communal and joyful . There is always something new and surprising in many African churches on Sunday , reflecting the unpredictable innovation and openness of African religious beliefs and practices to the dynamist of the Holy Spirit . As one White Canadian who attended our African Mass in Toronto told me recently : African Catholicism rocks ! Whereas there is a frightening drop in vocations to the priesthood and religious life in North America and Europe , religious vocations are booming in Africa and African clerics are all over the Western world helping in the re-evangelization of the descendants of the Western missionaries who brought Christianity to Africa . Read more : World reacts to Pope 's resignation Catholicism is also a strong cultural influence in Africa 's continuing search for answers to the challenges of poverty , diseases , ethnic and religious conflicts , wars , political and economic problems , radical Islamic fundamentalism , and how to mitigate the effects of climate change and natural disasters . Churches in Africa are becoming strong social capitals whose values lie not simply in providing spiritual support , but also in strengthening the civil society , creating healthy networks among people and valorizing the agency of Africans to safeguard basic human security for integral and sustainable development . Pope Benedict XVI also recognizes this shift . In November 2011 , Pope Benedict XVI was in Contonou , Benin , to unveil the post-Apostolic Exhortation , Africae Munus , which contained the road map of the Second African Synod for the future of African Christianity . Among other things , Pope Benedict argued that Africa has become the spiritual lungs which will awaken the sleeping churches of the West , and that Africa should also become the center for the renewal of Catholic thought , philosophy and theology . Pope Benedict thus sees African Catholicism and African Catholics as well placed to lead Christianity to the future . The election of an African pope will no doubt vindicate Africa 's place as the new center of Catholicism and world Christianity . The fundamental questions are : Is the Catholic church ready for a black pope ? Will the church , which defines herself as universal , live up to the full consequences of her identity and give room to a new reality that could help reconnect the church to the movement of history which it seems to have abandoned under the papacy of Pope Benedict ? Will the Catholic Church accept Africa 's brand of Catholicism and will an African pope be more Roman than African ? Is an African pope better placed to address the challenges facing Africa today as well as give new energy and renewal to a tired church in the West ? However , whoever becomes the next pope -- African or non-African -- should see himself as a pope for the world . He should not become a prisoner of the Vatican or to a eurocentric medieval notion of Roman Catholicism or orthodoxy . Furthermore , he should not become a slave to some of the time-worn structures and teachings of the Catholic Church . On the contrary , he should go out to the ends of the earth and reach out to all people , especially those disenchanted and marginal Catholics -- women divorced and separated Catholics , gays and lesbians , victims of clerical sexual abuse , and those who feel alienated from the church because of some of its sterner moral and spiritual prescriptions . The boundaries of ethical and doctrinal discourse are shifting in a radical way . It should be the task of the new pope to help make the Catholic Church a community of faith of people of many colors ; a church that embraces social change and cultures as a friend , and endorses through her laws and practices the dignity of differences . This way , the Catholic Church will become truly a household of God , where blacks and whites , saints and sinners , men and women , liberals and conservatives , rich and poor , gays and straights are all treated as equal children of God , without regard to rank or status . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Stan Chu Ilo .	An African pope would show that African Catholicism has come of age , says Stan Chu Ilo Latin America and Africa account for more than half of the world 's Catholics Pope Benedict XVI has described Africa as a "  Spiritual Lung " for humanity Stan Chu Ilo asks : Is the Catholic Church ready for a black pope ?
CNN  -- Search teams found the body of a 25-year-old snowboarder Sunday under more than 8 feet of ice on Oregon 's Mt. Hood . Collin Backowski was killed after a tunnel he was snowboarding through collapsed , burying him under snow and ice , said Hood River Sheriff 's spokeswoman Tiffany Peterson . Twelve people used chainsaws and other hand tools to dig his body out from under 8 to 10 feet of snow and ice . In total , they moved several tons of debris by hand , the sheriff 's office said . Backowski , of Pines , Colorado , was part of a group with six other snowboarders . He had gotten farther ahead of the group when the ice tunnel collapsed . Two others were hit with debris but not hurt . The group tried to dig Backowski out , but could not break through the ice and snow . California avalanche claims life of snowboarder	NEW : Search teams used chainsaws and hand tools to move several tons of debris Authorities say Collin Backowski was killed after a tunnel collapsed Search teams find his body buried under more than 8 feet of ice Fellow snowboarders tried to dig him out but were not successful
CNN  -- Kara Kennedy , daughter of the late Sen. Ted Kennedy , died of a heart attack on Friday , a family aide told CNN Saturday . She was 51 . Kennedy suffered the attack following her daily workout , according to a statement from the Edward M. Kennedy Institute for the United States Senate . She was the only daughter of Sen. Kennedy , a liberal stalwart who passed away in 2009 . That year , Kara Kennedy accepted a Presidential Medal of Freedom from President Barack Obama on behalf of her ailing father . In 2003 , she was diagnosed with lung cancer but overcame the disease . "  Kara was a warm and caring person . Her children were the light and joy of her life , " the statement from the institute said . "  Her magnificent strength in her successful battle with lung cancer was a quiet inspiration to all of us and provided her family and fellow patients with hope . " Kara Kennedy was a filmmaker and television producer , according to the institute . She also served on the National Advisory Board of the National Organization on Fetal Alcohol Syndrome and as a director emerita and national trustee of the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation . She had recently co-produced a film for the institute that was shown at its inaugural gala and groundbreaking event . She is survived by her children Grace and Max , her mother Joan , her brothers Ted Jr. and Patrick , as well as her stepmother Victoria Reggie Kennedy and stepsiblings Curran and Caroline Raclin . CNN 's Jamie Gray contributed to this report .	Kara Kennedy was the only daughter of the late Sen. Ted Kennedy She suffered a heart attack after her workout Friday She was 51 , a filmmaker and TV producer
CNN  -- Ecuador 's Antonio Valencia has signed a new four-year deal with English Premier League champions Manchester United . Valencia , 25 , arrived at United from Wigan Athletic in June 2009 and he has penned a contract which will keep him at Old Trafford until May 2015 . The former Villarreal winger has made 69 appearances for the three-time European champions , scoring 10 goals , and Valencia was happy to have committed his future to Alex Ferguson 's team . "  I am delighted to stay at United , " Valencia told the club 's official web site . "  Since my first day at Carrington -LSB- the team 's training ground -RSB- , I have been happy here . I hope that I can continue to develop as a player . "  I am looking forward to making my contribution to helping this squad compete for more trophies . " Ferguson , 69 , praised Valencia 's attitude after he recovered from a broken ankle sustained in September 2010 to play a part in United 's title run in . "  Antonio has made a fantastic contribution since his arrival . His speed , crossing ability and versatility have been a big asset for us . "  He has a quiet , unassuming way of going about his business , which is underlined by great strength of character -- as his recovery from such a bad injury last season proves . " Injury restricted Valencia to just 10 league appearances for the Red Devils last season , although he did regain fitness in time to play a part in United 's European Champions League final defeat to Barcelona in May . United begin their Premier League title defense with a trip to West Bromwich Albion on August 14 .	Antonio Valencia has signed a new four-year deal with Manchester United The Ecuador winger joined United from Wigan Athletic in June 2009 Valencia has made 69 appearances in his Old Trafford career , scoring 10 goals
