Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- A plane carrying 20 people crashed on takeoff from Nigeria 's Murtala Muhammed Airport in Lagos on Thursday , killing 14 , the nation 's aviation minister said . "  The six survivors were promptly transported to the hospital and are receiving appropriate medical care , " Princess Stella Oduah-Ogiemwonyi said in a statement on her Facebook page . Two of the injured were in critical condition , and four were in stable condition , said her spokesman , Joe Obi , on her Facebook page . The incident occurred at 9:32 a.m. when an Embraer 120 operated by Associated Airlines on a private charter flight to Akure crashed shortly after takeoff from the airport 's domestic wing and burst into flames , she said . First responders reached the crash site and extinguished the fire within two minutes , "  despite the surging crowd , " she said . The flight data recorder and the cockpit voice recorder have both been recovered from the wreckage , said Muhtar Usman , commissioner with the Nigerian Accident Investigation Bureau . The identities of the victims were being withheld pending notification of relatives , Oduah-Ogiemwony said . Among the passengers were relatives of the late former governor of Ondo state , Olusegun Agagu , who were accompanying his body on the flight , Nigerian state-run TV broadcaster NTA reported . Agagu was a former aviation minister in Nigeria . In a statement from an adviser , President Goodluck Jonathan extended his condolences to relatives of the dead . "  President Jonathan views the plane crash as most unfortunate and regrettable , given the concerted efforts of the federal government to enhance aviation safety in the country , " said the spokesman , Reuben Abati . "  He has therefore ordered a thorough investigation of the crash by all relevant agencies with a view to determining the cause and taking further actions , as may become necessary . " CNN 's Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	Six people survived the crash in Lagos The plane , with 20 aboard , crashed while taking off Thursday Body of late governor of Ondo state was aboard the aircraft His relatives were accompanying his body
CNN  -- The lack of phone calls , texts or social media postings from missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 has raised a number of questions about how cell phones work on airplanes . A U.S. official told CNN a cell tower in Penang , Malaysia , detected the co-pilot 's cell phone searching for service before the flight vanished . Here 's a quick primer on how and when phones can make a connection from the air : How high in the air can a cell phone work ? Despite the urgings of flight crews to turn off all phones or put them in airplane mode , cell phones can continue to work after a plane takes off , but only while in range of a cellular tower . Cell phones communicate through cell towers , which are located on the ground but can stretch hundreds of feet into the air . As an airplane rises , it gets further from these towers and eventually moves out of contact range . For efficiency , many towers are designed to direct their signal where its most useful : on the ground , not into the sky above . The maximum distance at which a phone can still make calls and send texts varies depending on the type of tower and transmitter , but an airplane would have to be no more than 10,000 feet in the air for any cell phones on board to still have a signal , according to Bill Rojas , director of telecom research at IDC Asia Pacific . It 's not just altitude that can limit cell phone service . When flying over sparsely populated rural areas , nearby towers are fewer and farther between . Over the open ocean , there are no towers at all with which to communicate , making phone calls , texts and social media posts impossible . Speed can also make maintaining a cellular connection difficult , as a device has to switch from tower to tower to maintain a connection . Rojas told CNN that a plane would have to be going 155 miles per hour  250 kilometers per hour  or less for phones in cell-tower range to make or receive calls . The metal body of an airplane can also impede cellular service . What is airplane mode ? Airplane mode is a setting on smartphones and tablets that turns off most or all of a device 's wireless communication features . This includes shutting down cellular connections , Wi-Fi , GPS and Bluetooth so that no calls , messages or data can be sent or received . This setting has different names depending on the device and operating system , but is present on all smartphones . Can a phone in airplane mode still communicate ? It is not possible to send or receive communications while in full airplane mode . On some phones , it is possible to turn Wi-Fi back on while in airplane mode to take advantage of any on-board wireless networks , or to reactivate Bluetooth to hook up to any compatible devices . Neither setting would communicate with a cell tower on the ground , though . Are all phones on flights in airplane mode ? Up to 30 % of all passengers reported forgetting to power down their devices when asked on airplanes , according a survey conducted last year by the Consumer Electronics Association . It 's likely that many passengers also forget to turn their phone to Airplane Mode when taking off and that all flights have a few cellular devices that can still search for towers . Do phones communicate with towers when not in use ? A cell phone not set to airplane mode could still automatically connect to cellular base stations when in the proper range . Background phone tasks such as location services , e-mail and other things that push through notifications are always attempting to connect and send and receive information . Any attempted connections or pings would be recorded by mobile operators . Do n't many airlines offer inflight Wi-Fi ? Some airplanes offer inflight wireless connections that can be used to connect to the Internet and make calls and send texts using services such as Skype and WhatsApp . There are different technologies for bringing Wi-Fi to airplanes . Some use special mobile broadband cell towers on the ground that are flipped to point into the air . Satellite technology can be used to get signals where there are no ground towers . If the inflight entertainment system is turned off , phones and other devices can not use these wireless connections . Are n't some flights going to allow calls in the air ? Recently , the FAA loosened its rules for using cellular devices on airplanes . Many airlines now allow you to use tablets and smartphones during take-off and landing as long as they are in airplane mode . It is also considering allowing cell phone calls in the air . To make that possible , airplanes would need to be equipped with specialized miniature base stations called picocells . Those base stations would relay any cellular signals through satellites or cell towers on the ground that are already set up to work with airplanes .	New reports claim cell towers recorded the phone of the co-pilot of MH 370 There are a number of factors that determine if and when phones can work from airplanes Location , speed , on-board technology and altitude could all affect cell service in the air
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Mileidy Ramayo has n't seen her father since he left Cuba on a raft but is hoping the loosening of travel restrictions might help bring that reunion closer to taking place . "  I have n't seen my father since 1994 . It would change my life to be able to see him and give him a hug , " Ramayo said . On Monday , Cubans will no longer need an exit permit and a letter of invitation from someone in another country to travel abroad . Shortly after Fidel Castro took power in 1959 , stringent travel laws were put in place to stem an exodus from Cuba . Now Cubans will require only a passport to travel internationally and can stay abroad for two years -- more than twice as long as the previous restriction -- without losing their property or ability to return to the island . Doctors and other professionals who the government said owed Cuban society for their training will also be able to take advantage of the looser restrictions . Also for the first time , Cubans will be able to travel abroad with their young children . But officials have said military officials , who might possess government secrets , and sports stars , who could earn a fortune overseas compared with their salaries in Cuba , will still face added restrictions . It was unclear whether members of dissident organizations , long prevented from receiving honors and awards abroad , would also be able to travel with greater freedom . "  If you remove the exit permit but you require Cuban citizens to revalidate their passports , the question is : Will everyone get a passport back and therefore be free to travel , or will there still be controls ? " U.S. Assistant Secretary of State for Western Hemisphere Affairs Roberta Jacobson said in October after the new travel policies were announced . On Friday , a State Department spokeswoman said in a statement that the United States was working to address any increase in the number of Cubans seeking visas to come to the United States . U.S. officials have said that at least for the time being , the Cuban Adjustment Act , or "  wet foot , dry foot , " will remain in place . The act allows Cubans who arrive on U.S. soil to remain in the country . With the loosening of travel restrictions , Cubans officials again called for an end to the policy . Waiting in a line to apply for a passport , Ramayo said she hoped that she would soon be able to travel abroad and be reunited with her family . But she conceded she still needed to find a country that would give her a visa and be able to pay for a plane ticket . Still , Ramayo said , she dreamed of seeing the world beyond Cuba 's shores and then returning home . "  It 's what everyone wants , " she said . "  To be a normal country and be like all the people who can just buy a ticket and come to Cuba . That we could go other places too . " Read more : Venezuela 's Chavez said to be improving	Cubans will now be able to leave the island with only a passport They will be able to stay abroad for two years , take small children along U.S. State Department says it 's preparing for a possible increase in Cuban visa requests
CNN  -- So Yeon Ryu was seven years old when she gave her first violin recital . She was in love with music , but at age 12 she had to make a tough decision . "  I started playing golf in elementary school . One day my golf coach took the team to a golf course and I fell in love with it . I loved walking the course and being out in nature , " recalls Ryu , now 22 . She started to notice several professional golfers , like fellow South Korean Grace Park . "  She was fashionable , powerful and beautiful , " Ryu says . Her golf was getting so much better that her mother asked what everyone had been thinking : "  Do you want to become a violinist or a professional golfer ? " The moment of truth "  It was one of the hardest decisions I have ever had to make . I always wanted to become violinist , " Ryu acknowledges . By that time , she already had a role model : a girl who played on the elite U.S.-based LPGA Tour , and who , at age 20 , became the first South Korean to claim a major title : Se Ri Pak . "  She is a great trailblazer for all Korean golfers . She played super great on the LPGA and because of that we could dream about playing on the world stage , " Ryu says . "  But , this is not only her influence , we must be thankful to Grace Park , and Mi-Hyun Kim and other first generation Korean players on the LPGA . " With her mind solely on golf , Ryu informed her family about her decision to put the violin to one side , though her mother was not convinced . " ` Really ? No violin ? ' My mom was so disappointed with my decision because everybody said I had a talent for music . I think my mom enjoyed choosing my recital dresses and having me perform on stage . " The transition Waking up early for practice was one of the toughest things in Ryu 's new life . Little by little she got used to it and during the transition she discovered that her musical background would be very helpful . As a junior golfer , she had some trouble with her swing but her shots were good enough . "  My swing tempo was consistently well and I think I got my good tempo from music , " she says . In 2006 , at age 16 , Ryu represented South Korea in the Asian Games in Qatar and won gold in the individual and team events . Having impressed as an amateur , Ryu turned professional at the end of the following year and joined the KLPGA , the Korean women 's tour . She won her first tournament as a KLPGA member , triumphing by four strokes at the Sports Seoul Open in April 2008 . Her first winner 's check brought her back to her first love -- she bought a violin for her sister , who had decided to pursue music as a career . The 2009 season would be even better for Ryu . Aged just 19 , she won five times , earned over $ 500,000 and finished second in the Player of the Year race . But the real breakthrough came in 2011 , at the most prestigious tournament in the female game : the U.S. Women 's Open . After a shaky opening round that put her six strokes off the pace , Ryu shot 69 on Friday and Saturday to share the lead going into the final day . The tournament ended in a showdown between Ryu and her rival Hee Kyung Seo -- who had beaten her to the KLPGA player of the year award two years earlier . This time it was Ryu who prevailed . She forced a playoff with a birdie on the last regulation green before , after three extra holes , becoming just the fifth South Korean to win the major . A sixth , Na Yeon Choi , will defend her title at Sebonak Golf Club in Southampton , New York , this week . Ryu emulated her hero Pak -- who 13 years earlier became the first Korean to win it -- and , along with the winner 's check of $ 585,000 , it prompted her to make the next big step in her career . "  I transferred from the KLPGA to the LPGA and people started to recognize me , " she says . "  I moved to the U.S. and I am now based in California . That was a pretty big change , relocating to another country . " A keen student Despite moving , Ryu continued studying physical education at Yonsei University , a private institution and the oldest of her country , and graduated in February this year with a bachelor 's degree in sports management . . "  I could not and would not trade my university life for anything . It was such a great time for me , " she says . "  Sometimes I could n't sleep during a tournament because of assignments . I had to wake up early if I wanted to practice before going to class . Physically , it was a hard job but it was worth it . " That work ethic goes some way to explaining the success of Korean women golfers and Ryu is now hoping that she can inspire new generations of young players like Pak and Kim did for her . "  I 'd love to be someone 's role model . I want to share my experience and heart , " says the golfer , who finished second behind compatriot and close friend Inbee Park at this season 's opening major , the Kraft-Nabisco Championship in April , . "  I would like to donate to poor people or junior golfers . I really want to support young golfers , not as an instructor but as a manager . " The best decision Ryu 's determination at age 12 has led her to become one of the best players in women 's golf ; she currently sits fifth in the Rolex world rankings , just behind Choi , while Park is No. 1 after also winning this month 's LPGA Championship . Last weekend the two friends battled for victory at the NW Arkansas Championship event , with Park beating Ryu in a playoff to claim her fifth win this season . "  Inbee and I practice together a lot so when we are standing at the 18th hole , it feels like just a practice round , " Ryu told reporters . "  I was n't really nervous . Two players can not be champion , so she deserved it . " Ryu was named 2012 's LPGA Rookie of the Year , having won the 11th title of her pro career by a massive seven shots at the Jamie Farr Toldeo Classic . Her love for music is still alive , and Ryu acknowledges that it "  is too hard " to even think of trading her accomplishments in golf for a night as concertmaster of the Berlin Philharmonic or Amsterdam 's Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra . Her mother , who once was not satisfied with her daughter 's decision , is now "  so happy that I am a professional golfer . " And it was from her mom that she received the advice that has shaped her career : "  Enjoy your life . "	South Korean golfer So Yeon Ryu has come a long way since her days as a musician Ryu became the fifth player from her country to win the U.S. Women 's Open in 2011 She will tee off at this week 's 68th edition of the tournament in New York state The 22-year-old was named the LPGA 's Rookie of the Year for 2012
CNN  -- Mexican crooner Vicente Fernandez , an icon of folk music known for his ranchera ballads , will undergo a liver biopsy in Houston on Tuesday , he announced . Considered Mexico 's most famous living singer , Fernandez told CNN affiliate Foro TV that doctors had found a 2-centimeter "  ball " in his liver that requires examination . "  They do n't know what it is , but it should n't be there , " Fernandez said . Fans will anxiously await the results of the biopsy . Fernandez asked the public not to be alarmed and to pray for him . "  To clarify things , in reality I do n't have anything , unless they tell me something " after the test , he said . Near Mexico City 's Plaza Garibaldi , where mariachi groups often perform Fernadez 's songs , fan Isidro Salazar said he was praying for the singer . "  I hope that God gives him relief , " Salazar said . Many in Mexico count Fernadez 's songs among their personal repertoire and can sing lines from his well known ballads on cue . Fernandez 's career has spanned four decades , and he is known as the king of ranchera music . He has appeared in more than 25 films as well , though his music career has eclipsed his acting career . "  For more than 45 years , Vicente Fernandez has maintained his position as the biggest living singer in Mexico , combining a operatic vocal range with a deep comprehension of the folk roots of ranchera music , " his official biography says . The 72-year-old has won a bevy of awards , including , this month , three Mexican Music Billboard awards . He has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame . CNN en EspaÃ ± ol 's Krupskaia Alis contributed to this report .	Vicente Fernandez is considered Mexico 's most famous living singer Doctors found a "  ball " in his liver , he said He will undergo a biopsy in Houston on Tuesday
The deal reached with the Iranians late Saturday in Geneva represents a risk well worth taking by the Obama administration and the five other powers that negotiated it with the Iranians . If the Obama administration briefly got some first-term international diplomatic credit for the suggestion it would hit the "  reset " button on relations with Russia , for this , its most important second-term initiative to date , it has opted for the "  hold " button . The deal is an interim agreement by which Tehran has consented to freeze efforts that could lead to the development of nuclear weapons in exchange for modest relief from international economic sanctions . Now that an interim deal has been reached , the Iranians can not move closer to a bomb as talks proceed . Even skeptics who do n't trust Iran and fear it has been moving ever closer to gaining nuclear weapons capability must acknowledge that if this deal slows Iran down at all , it serves a useful purpose . If it does not , but intensive negotiations continue as a result of it , then we are at least no worse off than we were in the first place . Obama : Iranian deal limits ability to create nuclear weapons Further , if at the end of the ensuing negotiating phase no deal is reached , taking military action would be seen as more justified given that diplomatic options were exhausted . That said , this deal has other little-noted or discussed implications and dimensions at many levels beyond the letter of its terms . For example , despite Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's advance denunciations of the deal -- struck between Iran and a group of international powers led by the United States -- he deserves as much credit for the deal as anyone else . His incessant banging on the drums of war led the world to believe that absent some diplomatic agreement soon , military action by the Israelis or the U.S. would be inevitable . The deal struck Saturday in Geneva was as much to freeze Israel 's edging toward war as it was to freeze Iran 's nuclear program . For Israel , despite its apprehensiveness about the arrangement , to strike Iran now would make it an international pariah . For the Obama administration , the deal offers multiple advantages . For the near term , at least , it is a rare diplomatic triumph . It arguably validates its program of sanctions by suggesting that the economic measures drove the Iranians to the negotiating table . But in addition , it not only forces Netanyahu to at least sit on his hands for awhile ; it avoids the awkward situation of having to choose between supporting Israel  and inviting a major conflict in the region into which it would like be drawn  and appearing weak on Iran . For the Iranians , the deal provides some relief from the hardships associated with the sanctions -- estimates run in excess of $ 10 billion and some suggest the impact might be multiples of that .  Europeans , Russians and the Chinese all also have been hoping for anything that might promise a restoration of economic ties with the oil-rich nation . But the deal also gives Iran useful negotiating leverage as it seeks to influence the outcome in neighboring Syria , where the embattled Assad administration is an important ally . Not only has it produced a more robust diplomatic dialogue with the Iranians , but now that the six nations that are engaged in this deal have a stake in it producing a positive outcome , they are less likely to inflame the Iranians or put them on the defensive with a Syria deal that is seen by them as a defeat . Of course , the critical question will be whether the next phase of negotiations for which this deal clears the way will produce a real breakthrough , a verifiable program for dismantling those elements of Iran 's nuclear program that might allow it to develop nuclear weapons . If it did , it would be a rarity , one of the few recent instances where diplomacy succeeded in stopping a nation that wanted nukes from getting or keeping them . But it would not address the myriad other areas in which Iran has been helped inglame the problems of the Middle East during the past several decades . It would not impact its state sponsorship of terror . It would not impact its efforts to extend its influence via support for regimes and political actors -- from Syria to Iraq to Lebanon to Gaza ; indeed , as noted earlier , it might help them in this respect . And what 's more , if it gave the U.S. a greater stake in a better relationship with Iran , it might also complicate relations with the Gulf States and the Israelis who see Iran as a threat . What 's more , if the interim deal does not result in a longer term deal , what would happen next ? Would war then be the only option ? More sanctions ? Would the absence of military action in that case suggest it would never come ? The Geneva deal is a genuine diplomatic step forward . If it delays or reduces the risk of Iran gaining nuclear weapons and triggering an arms race in the region , it will be even more than that . But it needs to be viewed with open eyes , with sensitivity to the risks it creates , those it does not address and to its many resonances and potential consequences .	David Rothkopf : Obama administration deal sets the "  hold " button . Tehran to freeze nuclear weapons efforts in exchange for modest relief from sanctions Rothkopf : This puts Iran on hold as more intensive talks continue He says : Deal freezes Israel 's edging toward war ; shows we did our best
Washington  CNN  -- Evidence is growing that a retired FBI agent who disappeared in Iran four years ago is alive and being held in Asia , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Thursday . Robert Levinson disappeared during a business trip in March 2007 . "  We have received recent indications that Bob is being held somewhere in southwest Asia , " Clinton said in a statement . "  As the government of Iran has previously offered its assistance in this matter , we respectfully request the Iranian government to undertake humanitarian efforts to safely return and reunite Bob with his family . " Levinson checked into a Kish Island hotel and attended meetings on March 8 , 2007 . He checked out the following day , but did not make a scheduled flight to Dubai . In recent months , the United States received "  proof of life , " according to a senior diplomatic official and a U.S. government official . Both requested anonymity because of the sensitive nature of the situation . The government official told CNN the evidence was received within the last six months and is "  clear and convincing proof that Bob Levinson is alive . " The government official would not elaborate on what the "  convincing " evidence entailed . Its emergence has fueled a fresh round of "  discussions " between the United States and Iran , according to the senior diplomatic official . The discussions , not equivalent to negotiations , were described as "  working level , " meaning it was not conducted by senior administration officials , the official said . The United States is awaiting action by Iran and is hopeful progress is being made , the official said . Robert Levinson 's wife , Christine , said her seven children , two grandchildren and she "  await the day we will be reunited . " "  Our family is tremendously encouraged by the news Bob is alive but remains concerned for his safety and well being , " she said in a statement Thursday . Robert Levinson suffers from diabetes and requires regular medication , she said . Levinson 's family told CNN in 2010 he was working as a private investigator in Dubai and may have been looking into a cigarette smuggling case . Levinson family members have met with local Iranian officials and have traveled there to retrace his steps . Christine Levinson flew to the United Nations in 2008 to ask questions about her husband . Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad declined to meet her . The family has offered a $ 5,000 reward for information leading to his safe return . The State Department and FBI have consistently denied Levinson was working for the government and have demanded Iran free Levinson -- if it is holding him . Iran has insisted it does not know his whereabouts . The U.S. has lacked reliable information about whether Levinson was alive or dead . In the first few years after his disappearnace , Bush administration officials had said they suspect Iranian authorities seized Levinson and were holding him in a jail inside the country . But as the years since his appearance passed , many officials believed he might be dead . Levinson is a retired FBI agent from Coral Springs , Florida . After leaving the agency , his wife says , he worked as a security consultant specializing in cigarette smuggling . The State Department has repeatedly met with Levinson 's family and have sent diplomatics note to Tehran through the Swiss government , who represents the U.S. interests in Iran in the absence of an American diplomatic presence in the country . CNN had reported that Levinson met with Dawud Salahuddin , an American fugitive who lives in Iran , shortly before his disappearance . Salahuddin -- known in Iran as Hassan Abdulrahman -- converted to Islam and was given refugee status in Iran after admitting in interviews to killing Ali Akbar Tabatabai , a former Iranian diplomat under the shah , in Maryland in 1980 , he told CNN in a 2007 interview . Salahuddin was detained by Iranian officials in plain clothes and taken away from the room he shared with Levinson to be interrogated about his Iranian passport , he said in the interview . When he was freed the next day , he said , he was told by officials that Levinson had returned to Dubai . Senior administration officials have told CNN that they believe Salahuddin met with Levinson , but do not believe him to be a credible source of information on Levinson 's whereabouts . In 2009 , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton personally passed a note to Iranian officials at a U.N. conference on Afghanistan in the Hague asking them for help in finding Levinson . FBI spokeswoman Katherine Schweit said Thursday the agency could not comment further . "  We are working very hard to bring Bob Levinson home safely , " Schweit said . "  His family misses him dearly and we remain concerned about his heath , given history of diabetes . " Sen. Bill Nelson of Florida has sought information for the Levinson family for the past four years . "  It 's encouraging that we may have good news , " Nelson said in a statement later Thursday . "  I 'm praying that he can be reunited with his family . " "  It 's encouraging that we may have good news . I 'm praying that he can be reunited with his family . " Elise Labott reported from Washington and Susan Candiotti reported from New York . CNN 's Carol Cratty and Brian Todd contributed to this report .	U.S. has "  proof of life , " senior diplomatic official says Businessman 's wife says family is "  tremendously encouraged " Robert Levinson disappeared during a business trip to Iran in 2007 The retired FBI agent may be in southwest Asia , U.S. says
CNN  -- Some Americans visiting or working in Haiti have not been heard from since Tuesday 's earthquake , but loved ones back home are trying to remain optimistic as good reports come in from others . CNN iReporter Cynthia Kivland of Prairie Grove , Illinois , spent a sleepless night trying to get in touch with her 30-year-old daughter , Chelsey . Chelsey Kivland has lived in Haiti for more than two years and speaks fluent Creole ; she just returned there from a visit home in December . The Fulbright Scholar at the University of Chicago is finishing her doctoral dissertation in anthropology . "  She 's just a beautiful person , " said her mother , who contacted the State Department and the university for help . Help the Kivlands find their daughter There are about 45,000 Americans in Haiti , the U.S. State Department estimates . A 15-member group from Trinity United Methodist Church of Hackettstown , New Jersey , turned up after going missing for about 18 hours after the quake . The group was believed to be at an orphanage in Bon Repos , 15 miles north of Port-au-Prince , when the earthquake struck . At a news conference Wednesday afternoon , a church member said the group contacted the church via a CNN satellite phone in Haiti . A message on the church 's Web site said that a two - to three-day lag in communication is not unusual after natural disasters . Skip Conover of the Presbyterian Church of Lawrenceville , New Jersey , said a 21-member team of congregation members from his church , Shiloh Baptist Church in Trenton and Kingdom Church of Ewing has been out of contact . "  We have heard absolutely nothing from our group , " he said . "  If everything was on schedule , the team should have landed three hours before the earthquake in Port-au-Prince . Our fingers are crossed that if there were no holdups in customs and no stopgaps , the team should have been up the mountains and reached the village of Thoman before the quake happened . " Thoman is a two-hour drive from Port-au-Prince , and phone communication is not good from there , he said . Are you looking for loved ones ? Two Americans with another church were rescued from the rubble of their mission house . Jillian Thorp and Charles Dietsch of the Catholic Diocese of Norwich , Connecticut , were pulled from the remains of the three-story house after a night of digging by four mission workers , Thorp 's father said . "  It was heroic . I think that 's the only word for it , " said the father , Clay Cook , of Old Saybrook , Connecticut . Watch Cook tell the story "  Jill could n't really do anything for herself , except she did have her cell phone , so she was able to talk to people and tell them where within the house she and this other gentleman , Chuck Dietsch , were located , so they did n't have to look through the whole pile of rubble . " Thorp 's husband , Frank , arrived after driving all night from another town , "  and he literally lifted her out of the hole when they finally got her free , " Cook said . When he spoke to her less than an hour later , "  she was a little shaky , " Cook said . "  She spent about 11 hours buried in concrete , listening to the earth shake around her , so being a little shaky is probably pretty good . " At a news conference later , Cook and his wife , Karen , asked reporters to turn their attention to those who are still suffering and grieving . "  It 's a beautiful country , and they 're a beautiful people , and they need a lot of help right now , " he said . He said his daughter does not want to leave Haiti in its hour of need . "  Our baby is safe , but there 's so many babies that are n't safe , " a tearful Karen Cook said . The pastoral staff at Free Chapel , a nondenominational church in Gainesville , Georgia , used Skype on Tuesday night to reach Bobby and Sherry Burnette , the couple who run the church 's permanent mission in Haiti , Executive Pastor Richie Hughes said . "  Our work there suffered different levels of damage , " Hughes said . "  The housing areas are OK , minor damage , but one of the churches connected was destroyed . " A group led by Free Chapel 's senior pastor , Jentezen Franklin , had to cancel a flight to Haiti planned for 6 a.m. Wednesday , Hughes said . He added that a special Haiti relief collection would be taken up at Wednesday evening 's service . Lumiere Ministries of Gastonia , North Carolina , runs a 30-bed hospital and an orphanage in Port-au-Prince . President and CEO Hank Haskins said that all 25 employees are fine . The ministry was scheduled to do the official ribbon cutting for a new hospital in February . The group sent a container of supplies Tuesday and is awaiting word on its arrival . A group from the University of Wisconsin , Engineers Without Borders-UW , posted a blog Tuesday saying the quake had had minimal effect where they have been staying since arriving Sunday . A representative was n't sure how many were in the group . Americans seeking information on missing loved ones can call 888-407-4747 for assistance , officials said . CNN 's Katie Hawkins-Gaar , Mark Norman and Hanna Yi contributed to this report .	NEW : New Jersey mission group uses CNN satellite phone to contact church Another New Jersey church group still unaccounted for Mother has n't heard from Fulbright Scholar daughter Two with Catholic mission pulled from rubble after night of digging
Beijing  CNN  -- Eccentric basketball star Dennis Rodman and several other former NBA players have arrived in North Korea to take part in a controversial basketball game on the birthday of Kim Jong-Un , the country 's young , unpredictable leader . The friendly contest is planned for Wednesday , when Kim is believed to turn 31 , and features a number of NBA old-timers . It takes place just weeks after North Korea shocked the world by announcing the purge and execution of Kim 's once-powerful uncle . Darren Prince , Rodman 's agent for 16 years , told CNN on Sunday that Kenny Anderson , Cliff Robinson , Vin Baker , Craig Hodges , Doug Christie , and Charles D. Smith would play against the North Korean Senior National Team . As they waited at Beijing airport for their flight on North Korean carrier Air Koryo , Rodman and his teammates told CNN that the main purpose of the trip was sport . Rodman said it was not his job to address concerns about the repressive state and lobby for the release of detained U.S. citizen Kenneth Bae . "  I 'm going to try and interact with him  Kim Jong Un  on that point of love for sports . He loves sports . I like the guy , and he 's an awesome guy to me , " Rodman said . "  One thing is about showing people we can actually get along . Let 's get along as human beings , not politicians . " It will be Rodman 's fourth trip to the secretive and isolated nation , part of a project he has described as "  basketball diplomacy . " But the U.S. State Department says that it has nothing to do with Rodman 's visits to North Korea and that attention should be focused on the brutality of Kim 's regime . ` Friend for life ' Rodman , 52 , struck up an unlikely friendship with Kim when he traveled to North Korea for the first time in February , bringing a team of Harlem Globetrotters for an exhibition game watched by Kim , who is a basketball fan . Kim later met and dined with the flamboyant basketball star , and Rodman told his host he "  had a friend for life , " shrugging off international condemnation of the country 's human rights record . However , on his last trip , which took place last month less than a week after North Korea announced the execution of Kim 's uncle and top aide , Jang Song Thaek , Rodman did n't get to meet Kim . The international outcry over the killing of Jang prompted Paddy Power , the online betting company that had supported Rodman 's project , to withdraw its association with the event . But Rodman has pressed on with the plan . "  I 'm looking forward to playing and putting on a show in North Korea . This is strictly about the game and for the love of basketball , " Rodman teammate Vin Baker told CNN at the departure gate , where the players posed for photos with fellow travelers . Three additional former NBA players will be added to the team in coming days and will be traveling independently to Pyongyang with their assistants , Rodman 's agent said Sunday . North Korea : Reality vs. the world according to Dennis Rodman ` Publicity stunt ' Rodman met and coached the North Korean team on his most recent trip . But Cho Sung-Won , a South Korean basketball player who played against North Korea in 1999 , said Rodman should not underestimate the side : "  The North Koreans were quite strong , well-built and tall as well , " he said . "  They were very determined not to lose against South Korea . It was a friendly match , but I was a bit intimidated . " Cho was skeptical about Rodman 's diplomatic aims . "  I do n't know Dennis Rodman personally , but he is quite peculiar and does unexpected things , " he said . "  I think he went to North Korea as a publicity stunt , " Cho said . "  On the other hand , North Korea plays some high-quality basketball , so they could learn from his experience . " South Korean table tennis player Hyun Jung-Wha , who was part of a joint Korean team that took part in the 1991 World Championships , praised Rodman 's bid to break the ice with Pyongyang . "  What Dennis Rodman is doing now is personal , but I think he 's brave for doing it , " she told CNN . "  I believe sports definitely can help diplomacy , " Hyun said . "  Sportsmanship is pure , and I think diplomatic results can come out through sports . " But the U.S. government appears to be unconvinced . "  I know it 's amusing or maybe interesting to talk about Dennis Rodman , but I actually think the focus really should be on the brutality of the North Korean regime he 's going to meet with , " Marie Harf , a State Department spokeswoman , said last month at the time of Rodman 's previous trip . Opinion : Dennis Rodman smart on North Korea ? CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton , Steve Forrest and Charlie Miller contributed to this report .	Rodman and several other former NBA stars departed Beijing for North Korea Rodman tells CNN that the trip 's focus is sport , not politics ; he wo n't discuss Kenneth Bae They are due to play a friendly game against a North Korean team on Wednesday The game takes place on the birthday of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Michael Jackson knew "  exactly how his fate would be played out " and feared his death would echo that of Elvis Presley , Lisa Marie Presley wrote in an online blog posted Friday morning . Michael Jackson and Lisa Marie Presley in 1994 . Presley says , "  I loved him very much " and believes he loved her . Presley -- the daughter of Elvis , the "  King of Rock , " and the ex-wife of Jackson , the "  King of Pop " -- wrote on her MySpace page that she wanted "  to say now what I have never said before because I want the truth out there for once . " Her publicist confirmed Presley wrote the blog . She said her short marriage to Jackson -- from May 1994 until January 1996 -- "  was not ' a sham ' as is being reported in the press , " but she divorced him because she was "  in over my head in trying " to save Jackson "  from the inevitable , which is what has just happened . " Jackson talked with her about his death during "  a deep conversation " 14 years ago about "  the circumstances of my father 's death . " Watch more from Presley on Jackson " "  At some point he paused , he stared at me very intensely and he stated with an almost calm certainty , ' I am afraid that I am going to end up like him , the way he did , ' " Presley wrote . "  I promptly tried to deter him from the idea , at which point he just shrugged his shoulders and nodded almost matter of fact as if to let me know , he knew what he knew and that was kind of that . " That conversation haunted Presley as she watched television coverage of Jackson 's death Thursday , she said . "  I am sitting here watching on the news -LSB- as -RSB- an ambulance leaves the driveway of his home , the big gates , the crowds outside the gates , the coverage , the crowds outside the hospital , the cause of death and what may have led up to it and the memory of this conversation hit me , as did the unstoppable tears , " she wrote . "  A predicted ending by him , by loved ones and by me , but what I did n't predict was how much it was going to hurt when it finally happened . " Elvis Presley collapsed in the bathroom of his Memphis , Tennessee , mansion -- Graceland -- on August 16 , 1977 , at the age of 42 . While his death was ruled the result of an irregular heartbeat , the autopsy report was sealed amid accusations that abuse of prescription drugs caused the problem . "  As I sit here overwhelmed with sadness , reflection and confusion at what was my biggest failure to date , watching on the news almost play by play the exact scenario I saw happen on August 16 , 1977 , happening again right now with Michael  A sight I never wanted to see again  just as he predicted , I am truly , truly gutted , " she wrote . "  I wanted to ` save him ' , " she wrote . "  I wanted to save him from the inevitable , which is what has just happened . " "  The hardest decision I have ever had to make , which was to walk away and let his fate have him , even though I desperately loved him and tried to stop or reverse it somehow , " Presley wrote . Their marriage , which some suggested was only to help Jackson 's image , was real , she said . "  It was an unusual relationship , yes , where two unusual people who did not live or know a ` normal life ' found a connection , perhaps with some suspect timing on his part , " she wrote . "  Nonetheless , I do believe he loved me as much as he could love anyone and I loved him very much . " Presley called Jackson "  an incredibly dynamic force and power that was not to be underestimated . " "  When he used it for something good , it was the best and when he used it for something bad , It was really , REALLY bad , " she wrote . Presley 's blog entry ended with a thank you to those who would read it . "  I really needed to say this right now , thanks for listening . " Presley 's blog can be found online at http://bit.ly/5wR7p	Lisa-Marie Presley , Jackson were married from 1994 to 1996 She says Jackson feared he would die like her father , Elvis Presley Presley says their marriage was not "  a sham " as press has said "  I wanted to save him from the inevitable , " she says
CNN  When Walter Isaacson 's biography of Steve Jobs came out in October 2011 -- less than three weeks after Jobs ' death -- it crystallized many popularly held perceptions of the Apple co-founder . Yes , Jobs was brilliant . And yes , Jobs also could be a bastard . Isaacson 's book contained numerous examples of Jobs ' cruel behavior , such as verbally abusing employees whose work did n't meet his exacting standards . Now a new book is presenting a kinder , gentler portrait of the mercurial tech exec . "  Becoming Steve Jobs , " by Brent Schlender and Rick Tetzeli , seeks to humanize Jobs through interviews with those who knew him in the latter , wildly successful phases of his career , when some of his rough edges had softened . The book , which went on sale Tuesday , has created a strange irony . Unlike Isaacson 's book , it 's an unauthorized bio , one that was not given Jobs ' blessing before he died . And yet Apple , mindful of Jobs ' legacy , has clearly endorsed this new vision of their former CEO over the Isaacson version . "  I thought the Isaacson book did him a tremendous disservice . It was just a rehash of a bunch of stuff that had already been written , and focused on small parts of his personality , " says current Apple CEO Tim Cook in the new book . "  You get the feeling that  Steve 's  a greedy , selfish egomaniac . It did n't capture the person . The person I read about there is somebody I would never have wanted to work with over all this time . Life is too short . " Other Apple execs also have heaped praise on "  Becoming Steve Jobs " while criticizing Isaacson 's bestseller . "  Best portrayal is about to be released - Becoming Steve Jobs  book  . Well done and first to get it right , " tweeted Eddy Cue , Apple 's chief of software , last week . And Jony Ive , Apple 's head of design , said in a New Yorker profile last month , "  My regard  for Isaacson 's book  could n't be any lower . " Isaacson , for his part , told the New York Times recently that he tried to present a balanced view of Jobs : "  My book is very favorable and honest , with no anonymous slings , " he said . Although Jobs ' life and career have been well chronicled , the new book contains some fresh tidbits : -- In 2009 , when Jobs was dying of cancer , Cook offered his boss a piece of his liver but Jobs refused , saying , "  No , I 'll never let you do that . " -- What was likely the last movie Jobs watched before his death was an odd choice : "  Remember the Titans , " the sentimental Disney drama about a racially integrated high school football team in 1971 . "  I was so surprised he wanted to watch that movie , " Cook recalled . "  I was like , ` Are you sure ? ' Steve was not interested in sports at all . " -- And Jobs ' famous commencement speech at Stanford University in 2005 almost got derailed before it started . A police officer turned him and his family away from the campus , saying the parking lot was full , and expressed skepticism that the scruffy Jobs , wearing his usual jeans and black T-shirt , was really the event 's keynote speaker . Raves from Apple aside , early reviews of "  Becoming Steve Jobs " have been mixed . " ` Becoming Steve Jobs ' offers a more rounded portrait of the man not only because it does n't lean as heavily on its interviews or stretch for historical weight like Isaacson 's book , but because it brings in Schlender 's personal interactions with the Apple co-founder , " wrote Mic Wright for The Next Web . "  But the closeness of Schlender 's connection with Jobs is also problematic , " added Wright , saying " ... there 's a sense of seeking to explain away bad behavior . " "  While the book never attempts to portray Jobs as a saint , it provides ample evidence to suggest that the brash , perpetually impatient young millionaire learned how to control his worst tendencies , eventually becoming a loving father and respected mentor , " wrote Jeremy Horwitz in 9 to 5 Mac . "  Like other good books that have been written about Jobs , it does n't provide the definitive story of his life , but instead adds some new and interesting details that are worth considering alongside what was previously known . "	New book , "  Becoming Steve Jobs , " offers a gentler vision of the mercurial CEO Apple execs have praised the new book over Walter Isaacson 's 2011 bestseller Among new book 's tidbits : When Jobs was dying , Tim Cook offered piece of his liver
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A former Los Angeles school district teacher pleaded no contest Friday to 23 felony counts of lewd acts on 23 children and was immediately sentenced to 25 years in prison , the district attorney 's office said . Mark Berndt , 62 , who taught at Miramonte Elementary School for more than 30 years , was accused of putting pupils in bondage and then photographing them with semen-filled spoons held at their mouths and 3-inch cockroaches crawling across their faces . The incidents occurred between 2005 and 2010 . The sexual molestation victims were 22 girls and one boy between the ages of 7 and 10 , prosecutors said . Several tearful mothers of the victims attended Friday 's emotional hearing . Berndt 's attorney , Manny Medrano , said his client could be released after serving 19Â 1/2 years of the 25-year sentence . Berndt was arrested in 2012 . Appearing gaunt , Berndt entered the courtroom in an orange jail jumpsuit , handcuffed and chained at the waist . He responded directly to the judge and never turned around to face the gallery . Parents wept when Berndt walked into the courtroom . His attorney , however , did turn to the gallery when speaking in court and said Berndt was profoundly sorry and remorseful for the pain and discomfort he caused . In statements to the courts , the mothers told the judge that their daughters can never eat cookies again . Mothers earlier alleged that Berndt also gave their daughters cookies with a white substance on them . Last year , in an interview with CNN , the mother of a female student said her daughter went to Berndt 's classroom , where "  he would give her some cookies . My daughter told me that the teacher would say the cookies had sugar and some white stuff that was on it , " the mother said . "  He deserves to be punished , " one mother said in her statement to the court . "  Back in the day , you burned them in wood . " Responded Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge George G. Lomeli : "  I do n't have the power to do that nor would I. " In one written statement that was read aloud by a court employee , one mother of a victim defended Berndt as a "  good man " and a "  good teacher . " In September , the Los Angeles Unifed School District announced it paid almost $ 27.3 million to settle 58 of 191 students ' lawsuits alleging they were victims of sexually lewd acts by Berndt . Meanwhile , two other lawsuits in the Miramonte case have been settled but are pending court approval . The almost $ 27.3 million in payments works out to about $ 470,000 per child , according to the district . On Friday , Superintendent John Deasy said the district was n't a party to the "  plea deal . " "  We are relieved that the students and families will be able to put this part of the proceedings behind them , " Deasy said in a statement . "  We hope that we can reach a resolution with the students and families who have yet to settle in an expeditious and respectful manner that will allow them to continue to heal and move forward . " Los Angeles district pays $ 27 million to pupils in lewd teacher case L.A. schools to review past 40 years of teacher discipline cases CNN 's Linda Hall and Jaqueline Hurtado contributed to this report .	Mark Berndt , 62 , taught at Miramonte Elementary School for more than 30 years He pleads no contest to felony lewd acts on 22 girls and one boy , ages 7 to 10 Girls can no longer eat cookies , their mothers tell the court "  He deserves to be punished . Back in the day , you burned them in wood , " mom tells court
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Residents of a town in southern Yemen say it has been seized by Islamists connected to al Qaeda . People in the town of Shaqra contacted by phone said al Qaeda fighters drove out local tribesmen defending the town Wednesday . They told CNN that the militants now control the harbor at Shaqra and its fishing zone , the main source of income for the town . Shaqra is on the Arabian Sea some 100 kilometers  about 60 miles  to the east of Yemen 's main port , and occupies a strategic position on the coastal road east toward Oman . "  The attacks happened quickly , " said Abdul Salam Mansoor , a resident of Shaqra . "  One hour our government was in control and an hour later militants control everything . " Government officials in the capital , Sanaa , and in Abyan in the south declined to comment on the reports . But a local security official confirmed Shaqra was in the hands of the Islamists . All government buildings in the town had been taken , he said . The government was unprepared to fight , he said , and that was the reason the militants took over so quickly . "  The government is sending reinforcements to the town and hopes to retake it " soon , he said The tribal militia defending the town had light artillery , but residents said a group of no more than 50 militants was able to seize Shaqra , along with the government artillery and equipment . Other residents said there was little fighting and the government had not used air support against the attacking Islamists . "  We are pretty sure the town was handed over to the militants like Zinjibar was in late May , " Mansoor said . Zinjibar , the provincial capital 35 kilometers away , is still largely in the hands of Islamist militia fighters calling themselves Partisans of Sharia . Yemen 's opposition has accused the government of allowing towns to fall to al Qaeda in an effort to show that the turmoil in the country is being exploited by Islamist extremists . Mansoor said he would try to leave Shaqra , fearing attacks by militants . At the end of last month there were several days of clashes around Shaqra between tribal fighters and militants . "  As soon as we controlled the city and kicked out the militants we handed the city to the Yemeni military , " said Mohammed Abu Jalil , a tribal fighter in Abyan . The southern provinces of Yemen have seen growing activity by Islamist militant groups said to be affiliated with al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula since unrest began across the country in February .	Al Qaeda fighters drove out local tribesmen , Shaqra residents tell CNN The militants took control in less than an hour , one resident says The government hopes to retake the town soon , a local security official says
CNN  -- A Southwest Airlines plane made an emergency return to Tennessee 's Nashville International Airport on Monday morning because it hit several birds during takeoff , the airline said . The captain of Flight 3387 , which had been bound for Baltimore-Washington International Airport , declared an emergency after birds entered one of the Boeing 737 's two engines , Southwest spokeswoman Michelle Agnew said . The plane , which had taken off from the Nashville airport at 6:35 a.m. , made a safe landing there shortly afterward , Agnew said . Firetrucks met the plane as a precaution , but the landing was uneventful , Southwest said . The plane was put out of service for maintenance , and the airline said it was working on other ways to get the plane 's 110 passengers to their destination . Agnew said she did n't know exactly how the bird strike affected the engine . "  Bird strike " is the term used for incidents in which planes collide with birds . Often the creatures get sucked into a plane 's engine . A record 10,726 wildlife strikes by airplanes -- 97 % of which involved birds -- were reported in the United States in 2012 , according to the Federal Aviation Administration . One of the most famous bird-plane encounters in recent years resulted in the "  Miracle on the Hudson . " On January 15 , 2009 , US Airways Flight 1549 left New York 's LaGuardia Airport and ran into a flock of geese that damaged both engines , forcing the crew to make an emergency landing in the Hudson River . Rescuers reached the aircraft and found passengers standing on its wings . Everyone was rescued .	NEW : Birds went into one of the plane 's two engines , Southwest spokeswoman says A Baltimore-bound Southwest Airlines plane makes an emergency landing in Nashville The plane had just taken off from Nashville International Airport when it hit birds , airline says The plane landed safely , Southwest says
Rep. Michele Bachmann says now that she 's leaving Congress , she can "  take the handcuffs off . " In an interview with CNN 's Wolf Blitzer on Friday , the eight-year Minnesota congresswoman said she wants to play a major role in the 2016 presidential campaign -- even though she has no plans to seek the Republican nomination . "  I intend to go around the country and speak nationally on a variety of issues . I 'll be writing . I 'll be affiliating with groups , " she said . Bachmann had harsh words for House Speaker John Boehner  R-Ohio  , calling Thursday night 's vote to pass a government funding bill -- which Bachmann opposed -- the most consequential of her four terms . She voted against the bill Thursday . She said Boehner had linked arms with President Barack Obama to avert a government shutdown without defunding Obama 's executive action overhauling U.S. immigration rules . "  The cake was baked months ago , " she said . Bachmann , who sought the GOP presidential nomination in 2012 , repeatedly deflected questions about whether she 'd run again in 2016 . She said she has n't formed a campaign committee -- and that 's a sign that she has no plans to jump into the race . But , she said , she does want to "  be involved " in the race . "  I 'm the only woman on the Republican side who 's ever been in a presidential debate . I 've been in 15 of them , " Bachmann said . "  I have no plans to put together a committee and run again , but I do intend to be involved . "	Rep. Michelle Bachmann says though she 's leaving the Hill , she wants to play a role in the 2016 White House race Bachmann says she has no plans to run for president , but does want to "  speak nationally on a variety of issues "
CNN  -- A lockdown at Yale University was lifted Monday afternoon , hours after someone anonymously told a 911 dispatcher that his roommate was coming to the southern Connecticut university to shoot people , authorities in New Haven said . No gunfire and no injuries were reported . Most of Yale 's schools already were out for Thanksgiving recess , but some students and staff remained , and the school sent e-mails and texts asking them to stay in locked rooms or offices . At least one person subsequently reported seeing somebody with a weapon on or near campus , though police were trying to determine whether the sighting was of an investigating police officer , New Haven Police Chief Dean Esserman said Monday afternoon . "  Nobody has been hurt . Nobody has been apprehended with a gun . But in this day in age , when there is a call , it behooves us to overreact and not underreact , " said Esserman . "  Though it is starting to tilt in the direction of an innocent mistake , it started with a purposeful and malicious call , " the police chief told reporters . "  And the New Haven police are going to track down the person who made that call . We 're going to find the person who made that call , and we 're going to put handcuffs on the person who made that call , " he said . The shelter-in-place order slowed officers ' room-to-room searches of dorms and other buildings , because the people inside often were n't immediately opening doors for the police , not trusting that the police had come to check , according to New Haven police Officer David Hartman . Many of the doors , he said , did n't have did n't have peepholes , so officers were taking their time persuading the occupants . "  If Yale were in full session right now , this certainly would be a tougher job for law enforcement , " Hartman said . Police said someone called 911 from a pay phone around 9:30 a.m. and matter-of-factly said his roommate "  was on his way to Yale university to shoot people , " Hartman said . Investigators did n't know who the caller was or who the supposed roommate is , he said . He would n't comment on whether the call might be a hoax . "  We are n't taking anything for chance and we 'll continue to investigate each report , " Hartman said . Fast facts on U.S. school violence	The lockdown has been lifted , Yale announces "  It behooves us to overreact and not underreact , " says police chief Someone called 911 to say roommate was coming to Yale to shoot people No injuries or shooting reported ; police searching buildings
CNN  -- Authorities found four human bodies abandoned in the Arizona desert Thursday . Initial indications point to exposure as the probable cause of death , said Victor Brabble , a spokesman for U.S. Customs and Border Protection . "  It is probable that they are immigrants attempting to cross into the U.S. , " he said . "  However , we do n't have enough to draw a conclusion on it now . " The bodies were found near Gila Bend , Arizona , about 70 miles north of the border . They have not been identified , the Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office said . Immigrants often try to cross the Sonoran Desert 's harsh terrain , and there are many heat-related deaths , Brabble said Thursday . Immigrant rights advocates have warned that even as border crossings decrease , deaths are on the rise as increased border security forces people to choose more dangerous crossing routes . Border patrol officials have argued that more security is necessary to stop smugglers . According to a recent study by the Binational Migration Institute at the University of Arizona , more than 2,230 migrants have died in the state 's desert area along the border in the past 22 years . In the border region of Pima County , Arizona , deaths of unidentified migrants in the desert have become so common the Medical Examiner 's Office has helped create a website to track the deaths and assist family members searching for their loved ones ' remains . On Thursday , a bipartisan group of senators announced a proposal to add 20,000 more border agents , complete 700 miles of fence along the boundary with Mexico , and deploy $ 3.2 billion in technology upgrades similar to equipment used by U.S. forces in Iraq and Afghanistan . The proposed amendment , negotiated by a group of senators from both parties known as the "  Gang of Eight , " is intended to ensure Senate passage of a major immigration reform bill with enough Republican support to persuade the GOP-controlled House to also take up the measure . Journalist Valeria Fernandez and CNN 's Tom Cohen , Dana Bash and Ted Barrett contributed to this report .	A border patrol spokesman says it 's probable they are immigrants The bodies have not been identified , the Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office says Activists say border deaths are on the rise as security forces more dangerous crossings Border patrol officials have argued that more security is necessary to stop smugglers
CNN  -- Wednesday 's explosion on a bus carrying Israeli tourists in Bulgaria came on the 18th anniversary of the attack on a Jewish community center in the Argentinian capital of Buenos Aires , in which 85 people were killed . Argentina 's top prosecutor last year blamed Iran for the 1994 attack . Israel also holds Iran responsible for the attack . Tehran has denied any connection to the Buenos Aires bombing , which it has condemned . Such claims and counterclaims between Israel and Iran have been common in the past three decades , with each blaming the other for attacks on their citizens . Israel , without citing evidence , quickly pointed to Iran in the Bulgarian incident . "  All signs point towards Iran , " Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said . "  Over the last few months we have seen Iran 's attempts to attack Israelis in Thailand , India , Georgia , Kenya , Cyprus and other countries . " Read Netanyahu 's official statement At least seven people were killed in the Bulgarian explosion . Iran had no immediate reaction . After Iranian nuclear scientists were assassinated in Tehran , Iran blamed Israel . When attackers targeted Israeli diplomats this year , Israel blamed Iran . Iran hanged a man who was convicted of killing one of its nuclear scientists , state-run Press TV reported in May . Majid Jamali Fashi was convicted of the January 2010 killing of Massoud Ali Mohammadi , an Iranian university professor and a nuclear scientist . He was also convicted of spying . Prosecutors accused him of working for the Mossad , the Israeli spy agency , and said he was paid $ 120,000 by Israel to carry out the hit . Israel typically does not comment on such claims . In January , Iran sent a letter to the United Nations secretary-general alleging the killings of the scientists were terrorist attacks that followed a clear pattern . "  There is firm evidence that certain foreign quarters are behind such assassinations , " the letter said . In April , Iran said it broke up an Israeli "  terror and sabotage network " that was planning attacks within the country , making a number of arrests while confiscating weapons and equipment , state-run media reported . "  The complicated and months-long measures and moves made by the Iranian intelligence forces to identify the devils led to the discovery of the Zionists ' regional command center ... and discovering the identity of the agents active in that command center , " a statement from the Iranian Intelligence Ministry said . Previously on CNN.com : Iranian supreme leader blames U.S. , Israel for scientist 's death A spokesman for the Israeli Foreign Ministry said then that every few months Iran spreads disinformation and there was no basis to the story . Ties between Iran and Israel unraveled after the 1979 Islamic revolution in Iran . After he was elected in 2005 , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad began spouting anti-Israeli and anti-Western rhetoric . Yet it has been Iran 's nuclear program that has raised the prospects of armed conflict . Iran has been in a protracted dispute with the United States and other countries over its nuclear program , which it claims is for peaceful purposes . But many Western countries fear the program is a cover for Iran to develop nuclear weapons . Just this week , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Iran has not made a "  strategic decision " to address concerns . Clinton : Iran 's proposals are "  non-starters . " Israel , which is believed to have its own nuclear arsenal and is alarmed over Tehran 's hostility toward the Jewish state , has said it may attack Iran to try to stop the country from developing nuclear weapons . "  There is a world agreement that the Iranian government is after nuclear weapons and that its policy of terrorism is endangering everybody . There is a global understating that we must do everything we can to prevent Iran from endangering others , " Israeli President Shimon Peres said , according to the Israeli Foreign Minister 's office . Opinion : Does U.S. matter in Egypt and Israel ? CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	Israel claims Iran is behind explosion on Bulgarian bus It also has blamed Tehran for attacks on diplomats Iran has pointed to Israel in scientist deaths
Tucson , Arizona  CNN  -- Gabby Giffords will never be the same after being shot through the head little more than two years ago . Yet one thing has n't changed , ironically , is her appreciation for guns . For the former congresswoman who is now at the center of the debate over gun control and background checks , target practice is still a form of entertainment . In the back yard of her mother Gloria 's house , located deep in the Arizona desert , Giffords ' husband , Mark Kelly , uses planting pots and water bottles as targets . Giffords watches from the patio above with her mother , cheering him on . "  Excellent ! " exclaims Giffords . "  Excellent ! " repeats her mother . And Kelly is n't shooting with just any kind of gun . It 's a 9mm Glock , the same kind Jared Loughner used to shoot Giffords while she greeted constituents in front of an Arizona supermarket . "  In that case it had a magazine that held 33 rounds , " said Kelly . "  He shot 33 rounds . Every round hit somebody , we think . " This gun belongs to Giffords . It was a gift from her husband several years ago , before she was shot . "  Well , Gabby used to like shooting a gun , too , " Kelly said when asked how recreation for him can still be shooting a gun after his wife was shot though the head . "  Yes , " Giffords adds . "  She did n't want to get rid of it , " said Kelly . Gabby and Mark : The new ` Bradys ' of gun control Nevertheless , allowing CNN 's cameras to exclusively capture Kelly shooting a gun with Giffords looking on is meant to help advance their political cause : curbing gun violence . They hope to show that Giffords and Kelly are legitimate gun owners and credible messengers for tightening gun restrictions . The speed of background checks Kelly also showed off a gun he recently bought -- videotaping the transaction -- for the sole purpose of demonstrating how easy it is to get a background check , and why he and Giffords want the checks expanded to private sales such as gun shows . "  When we timed it , it took 5 minutes and 36 seconds , not a lot of time . You could do the same thing at the gun show where people are currently not subject to background checks in most states , " said Kelly . ` Stronger , better , tougher ' : Giffords improves , but she 'll never be the same Giffords and Kelly formed their organization -- Americans for Responsible Solutions -- in January , the second anniversary of the shooting that left Giffords partially paralyzed and robbed the once-articulate politician of her gift of speech . "  Optimistic ! " Giffords exclaimed . One word . But a clear answer she gave to describe how she sees the odds for gun restrictions to pass . "  I am , too , " said Kelly . "  Especially when we 're talking about universal background checks . " Sandy Hook The Sandy Hook Elementary school shooting in Connecticut last December spurred them to take a stand . She paused . The brain damage from her own gunshot wound makes it difficult for her to find words , even "  Sandy Hook . " "  Sandy Brook , " said Giffords several times , before finally getting the word right by repeating her husband . "  Sandy Hook , " said Kelly . "  Hook , " Giffords finally said . "  Sandy Hook Elementary . You know , it 's something we just ca n't -- you know , 20 -- 20 first graders , " Kelly said , as Giffords chimed in . "  First graders died ... awful . " Being politically realistic Following recent mass shootings , the couple originally called for a ban on assault weapons and limits to high-capacity magazines . This year , Giffords made a dramatic plea to senators , asking them to be "  bold " and "  courageous . " But the couple admits there are limits on what is politically realistic . "  Background checks , " said Giffords , when asked to name the single most important move Congress could make right now . Reid to force a vote Thursday on debating gun proposals Giffords has learned to navigate an iPad for e-mail with her left hand , because her right hand is paralyzed . But most of her communicating with former colleagues -- pressing them for new gun laws -- goes through Kelly , and most of it is on the phone from their home in Arizona . Kelly notes that when they visited congressional offices in February , she did n't have to say much to make her point . "  When Gabby sits in their office and tells them how important a universal background check bill is , they -- they hear that . And she 's a former colleague . She was doing her job , you know , like they do every single day , when she was nearly killed , " said Kelly . Representing a ` red ' district When Giffords was in Congress -- she represented her largely Republican Arizona district on the Mexican border -- filled with voters who expected her to defend their gun rights . She pushed to overturn a gun ban in the District of Columbia , and voted to allow guns in national parks . Exclusive : Gabby Giffords still appreciates gun culture A conservative Democrat herself , she knows first-hand how politically hard it is for her former colleagues to support gun restrictions . "  Yes , it 's tough , " said Giffords . A big part of what Americans for Responsible Solutions is trying to do is raise enough money and gain enough influence to be a counterweight to the powerful NRA . When they press senators to support background checks , they tell them they will spend money in their states to back them up and support them . They said their money -- their organization is a super PAC that can raise unlimited funds -- is coming both from small donors on the Internet and large wealthy donors who are writing big checks . Stopping ' a bad guy with a gun ' What does Giffords think of the National Rifle Association 's argument that the only way to stop a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun ? "  It does n't work . It does n't work ! " she exclaimed . But , realistically , had she not been shot , would the pro-gun congresswoman have been open to voting for stricter gun laws ? "  Yes . Yes , " Giffords said . Biden : Gun vote opponents in a ` time warp ' She tried to describe her politics when in Congress . "  Middle of the road , " she said . "  Straight in the middle . " There is no question the gun culture is deeply ingrained in Giffords . She still exposes herself to guns , even after her near fatal shooting . What is it like to hear gunshots go off ? Does it startle her ? "  No . No , " said Giffords . "  I think that 's because Gabby does n't remember the gunshot going off the day she was injured , right ? You do n't remember that ? " Kelly asked Giffords . "  No , " Giffords affirmed . Since Giffords is right-handed , and that hand is paralyzed , she is limited in what she can do with her left hand . That has made joining her husband in target practice impossible . Would she want to shoot a gun again ? "  We 've talked about it . Gabby has actually held it .  She  has n't shot one since she 's been injured , but , a few days ago , she was actually trying to aim with it , with her left hand , " said Kelly . Does she want to work towards being able to shoot ? Is it a priority ? "  Not really , " said Giffords . "  Not at the top of the list . " added Kelly . Giffords is seen as a good spokesperson for new laws to curb gun violence , even though she ca n't speak very well . "  It stinks , " Giffords responds . Again , two words which speak volumes . CNN 's Ted Barrett contributed to this report	Former Rep. Gabby Giffords was shot in the head two years ago Today , with her husband , she crusades for tougher gun laws She lost the use of her right arm and has limited vision
Iran is prepared to expand military and security cooperation with neighboring Iraq , a top Iranian military official said -- a week after U.S. forces pulled out of Iraq . "  The Islamic Republic of Iran is ready to establish , boost and expand all types of military , defense and security cooperation with the friendly and brotherly nation of Iraq , " Iran 's armed forces chief of staff Hassan Firouzabadi said , according to a report Sunday by the semi-official Fars news agency . The Middle East neighbors have enjoyed closer ties in recent years , especially as Iraq 's Shia Muslim majority has solidified its power in the absence of former leader Saddam Hussein , a Sunni Muslim . Iran 's theocracy is Shia-led . The development comes as Iran is flexing its naval muscles in the region by staging war games The drills are the largest ever planned by Iran and are being staged in an area that stretches from the eastern part of the Strait of Hormuz in the Persian Gulf to the the Gulf of Aden , Fars reported last week . The maneuvers began on Saturday . "  These war games are a warning to the western countries about the closure of the Strait of Hormuz , " Zohreh Elahian , a member of parliament 's National Security and Foreign Policy Commission , said Monday , according to Fars . "  If any threat is posed to Iran , the Islamic Republic is capable of closing the Strait of Hormuz . " The strait is a narrow shipping channel that leads in and out of the Persian Gulf between Oman and Iran . It is strategically important because oil tankers carrying Middle East oil travel through it . The withdrawal of U.S. troops from Iraq gives Tehran more freedom to exert its influence in Iraq , analysts say . "  It will not have negative effects against Iran , " said James Gelvin , a history professor at the University of California at Los Angeles , about the U.S. pullout . Mike Breen , vice president of the progressive Truman National Security Project in Washington , described the ties between Iran and Iraq as "  complicated . " "  I would say it 's too soon to tell because the Iraqi people and the Iraqi government are only beginning to write the next chapter in their nation 's history , and they have a complicated relationship with their neighbor Iran , and that 's not always been a positive relationship , " Breen said . The nations fought a protracted military conflict between 1980 and 1988 , in which up to 1.5 million people died . Iran accepted a U.N.-mandated cease-fire in July 1988 .	Iran is conducting naval exercises in the region The nations fought a protracted military conflict between 1980 and 1988 The Middle East neighbors have enjoyed closer ties in recent years The leaders of both nations are Shia Muslims
CNN  -- No administration in modern times has been as confused , contradictory and incompetent in trying to make the case for war as this White House has been in its push for action against the Syrian regime of President Bashar al-Assad . Listen to the words of the Obama administration : On war and peace : At the G20 Summit on Friday , President Barack Obama said as he pushed for strikes in Syria , "  I was elected to end wars , not start them . I 've spent the last four and a half years doing everything I can to reduce our reliance on military power as a means of meeting our international obligations and protecting the American people . " Then Obama signed onto a joint statement with 10 other nations present at St. Petersburg 's G20 Summit , "  Recognizing that Syria 's conflict has no military solution , we reaffirm our commitment to seek a peaceful political settlement through full implementation of the 2012 Geneva Communique . " On boots on the ground : Testifying before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , Secretary of State John Kerry wavered on whether U.S. ground forces could be deployed in Syria . Kerry told Committee Chairman Robert Menendez , "  I do n't want to take off the table an option that might or might not be available to a president of the United States to secure our country . " Then Kerry backtracked when pressed by Ranking Member Bob Corker , "  Let me be very clear now , because I do n't want anything coming out of this hearing that leaves any door open to any possibility , so let 's shut that door now as tight as we can . " Kerry explained his contradiction by admitting , "  I was thinking out loud . " On who supplied al-Assad with chemical weapons : Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel told the House Foreign Affairs Committee this week when asked where al-Assad got his chemical weapons , "  The Russians supply them . " The Russians called that a lie and the Defense Department walked back the comment , saying Hagel meant Russians supply conventional weapons to Syria . On war objectives : Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , could n't answer even the most basic question on U.S. objectives on a Syrian intervention . When Corker asked , "  What is it you 're seeking ? " Dempsey replied , "  I ca n't answer that , what we 're seeking . " On the cost of war : Hagel told the House Committee the entire Syria campaign 's cost , "  would be in the tens of millions of dollars , that kind of range . " Since Tomahawk missiles cost about $ 1 million each , the administration would only be able to deploy several dozen missiles before going over its own budget . So this administration does not know if it wants war or peace , if it will need to deploy ground troops , where the chemical weapons it wants to eradicate come from , what our war objectives are and how much this war will cost . Russian President Vladimir Putin attacked Kerry 's assertion that al Qaeda and radical Islamists comprise only a small part of the anti-Assad rebels , saying Kerry "  is lying and he knows that he is lying . This is sad . " That a foreign leader would so forcefully call America 's top diplomat a liar points to the administration 's growing credibility gap with the world and the American people . That is sad . Retired Gen. Robert Scales chalks up the public relations disaster to amateurism , writing " -LSB- Military leaders -RSB- are embarrassed to be associated with the amateurism of the Obama administration 's attempts to craft a plan that makes strategic sense . None of the White House staff has any experience in war or understands it . " Scales has a point -- when the sitting secretary of state , while discussing matters of war , admits to "  thinking out loud , " something is very wrong . Every member of Congress should vote his or her conscience on matters of peace and war . After weeks of misstatements , contradictions and gaffes , it is becoming clear that the administration 's leaders are in way over their heads on these weighty matters . For members carefully weighing the decision to authorize force , they should know that a yes vote rewards the most incompetent , atonal security team in our lifetime . It will only encourage more incompetence . If they ca n't even explain the war , how can they win it ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Newt Gingrich .	Newt Gingrich : Administration officials seem confused on basic points He asks : Are they for military action or for peace ? What are the objectives ? How much will it cost ? Who supplied Syria with chemical weapons ? Gingrich : Administration officials have wavered on these vital questions
CNN  -- Nine terror suspects were killed and another was captured in the volatile northwestern Chinese region of Xinjiang on Friday , the state-run Xinhua news agency reported , citing police . No details were immediately available about the deaths in Xinjiang 's Hotan prefecture , who the suspects were or what they were accused of doing . Chinese authorities have stepped up security measures in Xinjiang following several recent attacks in the region , which has been the scene of ethnic strife between the indigenous Uyghurs , a mainly Turkic-speaking Muslim population , and Han Chinese . On Monday , a gang wielding knives and axes killed and injured dozens of people in southern Xinjiang , Xinhua reported . Police shot and killed dozens of suspects in that incident , according to Xinhua . A suicide bombing in May killed 39 people at a street market in the region 's capital , Urumqi . Another apparent suicide bombing left three dead in April at an Urumqi train station . The Chinese government has blamed recent violent incidents in Xinjiang on Uyghur separatists seeking to establish an independent state . Waves of Han Chinese have flocked to the resource-rich region , fueling tensions with the Uyghurs , who regard themselves as culturally and ethnically closer the people of nations bordering western China , such as Kazakhstan , Mongolia , Pakistan and Afghanistan . Xinjiang is now home to more than 8 million Han Chinese , up from 220,000 in 1949 , and 10 million Uyghurs . Unemployment among Uyghurs is high , and they complain of discrimination and harsh treatment by security forces . CNN 's Steven Jiang and Madison Park contributed to this report .	Xinjiang region has history of friction between Han Chinese and Uyghurs , a Muslim people China has blamed recent spate of attacks in Xinjiang on separatists Uyghurs complain of discrimination and harsh treatment by security forces in Xinjiang
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The news that Alex Ferguson is stepping down as Manchester United manager after 26 trophy-laden seasons will be reverberating far beyond British shores Wednesday , and no more so than in Asia where the club has a huge following . To put this in perspective , a study recently commissioned by the newly-crowned English Premier League champions showed that the team 's global fan base had doubled to 659 million people between 2007 and 2012 -- with 325 million fans from Asia alone . The figures are staggering , though the number of Manchester United shirts -- official merchandise or not -- that can be seen around the streets of any major city in the region , from Bangkok to Shanghai , goes some way towards illustrating this phenomenal interest . Social interest And the interest goes beyond simply wearing a replica shirt . Within minutes of the shock announcement , football fans in China flocked to Weibo , the country 's version of Twitter , to lament Ferguson 's departure . "  Farewell Fergie , " posted one netizen , known as @HuxuanzheChuckHoo . "  Sir Alex Forever ! " declared @Yesmanduomehao . Another , known as @Drshankui , said : "  Although I do n't really like Manchester and their red polo shirts , I have to say Ferguson is one of the most respected coaches . Now that he 's going to retire soon , I felt really sad . I want to thank him for bringing all the splendidness to the team ! " Wednesday 's news also found its way into the mainstream media in China , including 163 . com , one of the country 's most popular news platforms . Lucrative United has not been slow to recognize the benefits of this global appeal , regularly taking part in lucrative pre-season tours at packed venues across Asia to connect with local fans . In July , the team will visit Hong Kong , Thailand , Japan and Australia . The club has also signed a number of sponsorship deals with "  Asian partners , " including banks in Vietnam and a Japanese social gaming company -- though this Asian "  sweet spot " has also been clear in the minds of sponsors beyond the region . "  We 've gone from no brand awareness in countries like Japan and South Korea to incredible brand awareness , " Phil Clement , chief marketing officer at Aon , told the Financial Times when explaining the U.S. insurance giant 's decision to put pen to paper on a $ 23 million sponsorship deal earlier this year . United even explored the idea of an Asian stock market floatation in either Hong Kong or Singapore last year , as it eyed investors -- though market volatility at the time put these plans on hold . Winning habit So why is the club so popular in Asia ? The reason is fairly straightforward , according to James Porteous , a sports journalist at the South China Morning Post in Hong Kong . "  The one thing Asian football fans value above anything else is winning , and under Alex Ferguson , Manchester United have simply been one of the most successful clubs in the world . Liverpool have a big following in Asia because of their great history , but that 's taken a dent given their recent trophy-starved years . "  While newer champions such as Chelsea and Manchester City have been on the rise , United have had a consistent record of success under Ferguson , gaining new fans in Asia with every trophy won over the last two decades . "  United 's history also gives them great glamor and prestige , from the great names of the 1960s and the tragedy of the Busby Babes , and that is also attractive to fans in the region . But most of their popularity is down to their triumphs in the last 20 years under Ferguson . Title after title , the Champions League twice , global megastars such as Eric Cantona , David Beckham , Cristiano Ronaldo ... all these ingredients have made United 's football brand Asia 's best-loved . " United has also invested wisely in talented Asian players , most recently signing Japan 's brightest talent , Shinji Kagawa . The attacking midfielder follows in the footsteps of South Korean star Park Ji-Sung , who spent seven hugely successful years at the club . The result is United 's appeal borders on the fanatical at times . When the club announced plans to play in Hong Kong this year , its first visit to the city since 2005 , tickets for the friendly against a local club sold out almost instantly . Porteous said former United goalkeeper Peter Schmeichel was mobbed by fans when he arrived at Hong Kong airport to promote the game , and again by local journalists at a press conference -- despite leaving the club in 1999 . "  The reception I 've had in only a couple of hours is incredible , " Schmeichel told journalists at the time . "  No doubt the club 's vast marketing arm will have many plans to maintain this popularity in Asia , " said Porteous . "  But the key factor is simple : whoever the new manager is , he 'll have to keep winning trophies . " CNN 's Feng Ke in Beijing contributed to this report .	Under Alex Ferguson , Manchester United has become hugely popular globally Recent survey reveals United has 325 million fans in Asia alone English champions regularly play in lucrative pre-season Asia tours Journalist : "  The one thing Asian football fans value above anything else is winning "
If you were disturbed yesterday by the video we released of Yasiin Bey  aka Mos Def  being force-fed like a Guantánamo prisoner , please consider : right now this is happening 90 times a day at Guantánamo Bay .  If you have n't seen it yet , the video is here . You may find the images distressing . In fact , what you saw slightly understates what Reprieve 's clients and many others go through twice daily . After all , Bey volunteered for the procedure and could stop it anytime . Yet still it hurt him . The reason for this is that when you are nervous , as he naturally was , your throat tends to tense and catches the tube . Our doctors tried to intubate him twice but just could n't get the tube through . And you see for yourself how violated he felt by the end . This is the process Guantánamo 's PR staff try to whitewash with the bland term "  enteral feeding . " In the real thing , a team of soldiers in riot gear come for my hunger-striking clients , like Nabil Hadjarab or Samir Moqbel . After weeks of starvation the men are shrivelled , weak , and 10 times as afraid as Bey was . When the military straps them into the chair , not a word they can say will stop the procedure . And if they feel ill and throw up , as force-fed prisoners sometimes do , the military will just repeat the grim business all over again . The overwhelming reaction from Twitter and the web yesterday was disgust that this could happen in America . Yet it is , and the most worrying part is : it does n't need to . President Obama could end the strike tomorrow with one decisive step -- he could start to transfer cleared prisoners . Eighty-six of the men  a majority of those left  have been cleared by the U.S. government , and it has the power to issue waivers so that these men can be transferred . My clients have consistently stated they will consider eating again when they see a cleared man go home . This is much more achievable than the Obama administration would have us believe . This week , White House press secretary Jay Carney pointed to a Congressional moratorium on detainee transfers to Yemen , and said Obama "  calls on Congress to work with him to ensure we can lift the ban . " However , Carney -- and Obama -- conveniently ignore those cases for which there is no obstruction to release beyond the White House 's lack of political will . This is especially true where cleared men are slated to go to close U.S. allies . One of my clients , Shaker Aamer , a cleared hunger-striker , could be on a plane to London within a week -- the UK Prime Minister David Cameron has asked for him back . Another cleared client , Nabil Hadjarab , has family in France waiting to welcome him . And there are more like him . The best way for Obama to stop the strike is to show that he 's serious about closing Guantanamo -- and the best way to do that is to release one of these men , a move for which he does not need Congressional approval . This week , a federal judge had to give the president an elementary lesson on Article II of the Constitution to remind Obama that , yes , he is Commander-in-Chief and therefore , yes , he has the power to deal with the ongoing crisis at Gitmo . Judge Kessler was responding to attempts by Reprieve and our co-counsel Jon Eisenberg to stop force-feeding for four of our clients , especially during the daytime in Ramadan . Muslims traditionally fast during those hours , and we told the court force-feeding during the holy month would be a further slap in the face . Although Judge Kessler denied our motion , her opinion also issued a stinging rebuke to the Obama administration , finding that despite Justice Department protestations to the contrary , "  it is perfectly clear ... that force-feeding is a painful , humiliating , and degrading process . " While Judge Kessler felt she had no power to halt the feeding , she said she knew of one person who could : Even though this Court ... lacks any authority to rule on Petitioner 's request , there is an individual who does have the authority to address the issue . In a speech on May 23 , 013 , President Barack Obama stated "  Look at the current situation , where we are force-feeding detainees who are holding a hunger strike ... Is that who we are ? Is that something that our founders foresaw ? Is that the America we want to leave to our children ? Our sense of justice is stronger than that . " The President of the United States , as Commander-in-Chief , has the authority -- and power -- to directly address the issue of force-feeding of the detainees at Guantanamo Bay . The White House has been silent since Obama 's speech at the National Defense University . It has been over six weeks since the president asked the American people whether force-feeding was "  who we are . " Yet his military continues to do it . And there is no sign of any of the cleared 86 men being sent home . There is now an overwhelming consensus that the current state of affairs in Guantánamo -- a situation for which Barack Obama is directly responsible -- is unacceptable . The American Medical Association has spoken . The clergy have spoken . Federal judges have spoken . What will it take to get the White House to wake up , treat this like the crisis that it is , and do the right thing to stop the strike : send the cleared prisoners home ?	Reprieve Director calls on White House to transfer cleared Gitmo detainees Charity released video of rapper Mos Def  now called Yasiin Bey  being force-fed this week 106 of the 166 detainees still at Guantanamo Bay are reportedly on hunger strike White House says Congress has banned administration from transferring cleared prisoners
Boston  CNN  The death penalty trial of accused Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev -- long delayed by painstaking jury selection , crippling snowstorms and last-ditch appeals to move the case someplace else -- is on track to get underway here next week . Judge George O'Toole , along with the prosecution and defense teams , settled on a pool of 70 jury prospects on Wednesday after questioning 256 people over 21 days of individual interviews . The attorneys will weed out jurors they believe are less sympathetic to their case on Tuesday , March 3 . These "  preemptory challenges " let attorneys remove jury prospects without giving a reason . Each side gets 20 challenges for the main jury and three for the alternates . The following morning , the panel of 12 jurors and six alternates is expected to be formally seated to hear opening statements and the first witnesses to an event that cut Boston to its core . O'Toole indicated the trial could last well into June . The jurors first will decide whether Tsarnaev is guilty of using weapons of mass destruction to kill people at a large public event . If convicted , the jury then will decide whether he should be punished by life in prison without the possibility of release or death , most likely by lethal injection . Potential jurors were questioned at length about whether they already believed Tsarnaev was guilty and whether they could consider the death penalty in a state where it has n't been an option in a generation . The last execution here took place in 1947 . Many said they thought Tsarnaev was guilty of the April 15 , 2013 , bombings , which killed three people near the finish line . Tsarnaev also is charged in the April 19 , 2013 , death of MIT police officer Sean Collier . The officer was ambushed in his patrol car and shot to death as Tsarnaev and his brother Tamerlan ran from police hours after their photographs were released to the public . The defense , claiming it could n't find an impartial jury in Boston , tried three times to persuade O'Toole to move the trial . He refused . An appeal is pending before the 1st U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals , which has not ruled . Opening statements and the first witnesses originally were slated for January 26 , but it took longer that anticipated to question the prospective jurors for this high-profile case . The panel of 70 was selected from the first 600 or so jurors of the 1,373 who filled out questionnaires earlier this year . Many of the jury prospects struggled with questions about where they stood on the death penalty and whether they could follow the law and vote for capital punishment if the facts and the law led them to that decision . Massachusetts wiped the death penalty from its books for good in 1984 . But this case is being tried in federal court , and 17 of the 30 counts against Tsarnaev include the death penalty as a possible punishment . Also cited are so-called aggravating factors such as committing an act of terror and the tender years of the youngest victim , 8-year-old Martin Richard . It is almost certain that the trial , which will include wrenching testimony and video footage of the bombing victims , will be well underway during the running of this year 's Boston Marathon on April 20 . Tsarnaev , 21 , is accused of building two homemade pressure cooker bombs with his older brother , Tamerlan . The bombs detonated within moments of each other near the finish line . Beside the three deaths , more than 250 other people were maimed or injured by flying shrapnel and nails . Tamerlan Tsarnaev died during a gun battle with police , and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found hours later , bleeding and hiding in a boat in a Watertown backyard . He had written Islamic slogans on the sides of the boat , federal authorities allege . No cameras are allowed at the Tsarnaev trial . But CNN 's Ann O'Neill will be there every day . Think of her as The 13th Juror , bringing insights here weekly . And follow @AnnoCNN on Twitter daily .	Trial of accused Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev set to begin March 4 Opening delayed by jury selection , crippling snowstorms and appeals to move the trial On Wednesday , the judge and attorneys settled on pool of 70 prospective jurors
CNN  -- John Lennon 's killer , Mark David Chapman , is up for parole for the sixth time , just months short of the 30th anniversary of the former Beatle 's death . Chapman is scheduled to be interviewed by two members of the parole board during the week of August 9 . Four letters were submitted against Chapman 's release this year , according to a representative of the New York State Division of Parole , and there were two letters in support . The last time Chapman was up for parole , in 2008 , the New York State Division of Parole issued a release saying Chapman 's request was denied "  due to concern for the public safety and welfare . " He also was denied parole in 2000 , 2002 , 2004 and 2006 . Chapman , 55 , is serving a sentence of 20 years to life in prison for the shooting death of Lennon outside Lennon 's New York City apartment on December 8 , 1980 . He has served 29 years of his sentence at the maximum-security Attica Correctional Facility , where he is held in a building with other prisoners who are not considered to pose a threat to him , according to officials with the state Department of Correctional Services . He has his own prison cell but spends most of his day outside the cell working on housekeeping and in the library , the officials said . For the past 20 years he has been allowed conjugal visits with his wife , Gloria . The visits are part of a state program called "  family reunion " that allows inmates to spend up to 44 hours at a time with family members in a special setting . Inmates must meet certain criteria to receive the privilege . Chapman has not had an infraction since 1994 , said Erik Kriss , spokesman for the Department of Corrections . "  He goes about his business , doing his prison job and without any fanfare , " Kriss said . Yoko Ono , Lennon 's widow , in previous years has submitted a letter requesting that parole be denied . Attempts to reach Ono 's legal representative and publicist for comment have been unsuccessful .	Mark David Chapman will be interviewed by parole board members in August In 2008 parole was denied "  due to concern for the public safety and welfare " He has served 29 years of his sentence of 20 years to life
CNN  A teen who lands in lockup a few times can get on a police department 's nerves . But officers have taken a shine to Jamal Rutledge since they arrested him in September in Fort Lauderdale , Florida . He helped save the life of the officer who was booking him . Now , he 's their hero . Officer Franklin Foulks was filling out Rutledge 's paperwork , as they sat alone in a holding area , where a surveillance camera recorded them . Rutledge , in cuffs , fidgeted on his seat , and stared at the floor , then he turned around to look through the security fencing behind him . That 's when Foulks keeled over sideways off his stool . Rutledge turned around to find him on the floor grabbing his chest . The juvenile defendant yelled for help , Fort Lauderdale Police Department said in a statement Tuesday . He paced the processing cell and kicked the gate and quickly got other officers ' attention . The officers rushed in , started CPR , called paramedics and gave Foulks a jolt with the defibrillator . Rutledge was led to another room . The juvenile defendant 's quick thinking was key in saving Foulks ' life , doctors told the police department . In a press photo , the officers who helped save Foulks lined up in honor of their heroic deed . In the middle was Rutledge in a proud pose . Smiles spread across all their faces . Next week , the city commission will honor them all in a meeting . Rutledge was being booked on probation violation and other felony charges when Foulks had the episode , South Florida 's Sun-Sentinel reported , citing detective DeAnna Greenlaw . Officers have seen a lot of the teen since , Greenlaw said , having arrested him "  multiple times . " CNN 's Tina Burnside and Rick Martin contributed to this report .	Jamal Rutledge was being booked , when Officer Franklin Foulks keeled over The juvenile defendant yelled for help and kicked the cage to rouse other officers
The U.S. Embassy in Libya evacuated its personnel on Saturday because of heavy militia violence raging in the capital , Tripoli , the State Department said . About 150 personnel , including 80 U.S. Marines , were evacuated early Saturday and were driven across the border into Tunisia , U.S. officials confirm to CNN . U.S. officials stress operations have been "  temporarily suspended " until "  the security situation on the ground improves . " The embassy will continue to operate from other locations . A senior State Department official said some of the staff will be sent to other U.S. embassies in the region and others will return to Washington . CNN has learned the decision to carry out the evacuation was made just in the last few days as the security situation around the embassy deteriorated . President Barack Obama approved the State Department recommendation to temporarily relocate personnel because of the "  ongoing violence resulting from clashes between Libyan militias in the immediate vicinity " of the embassy , a White House official said . State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said the United States is grateful to Tunisia "  for its cooperation and support . " She said the personnel are "  traveling onward " from Tunisia . "  We are committed to supporting the Libyan people during this challenging time , and are currently exploring options for a permanent return to Tripoli as soon as the security situation on the ground improves . In the interim , staff will operate from Washington and other posts in the region , " Harf said in a statement . "  Securing our facilities and ensuring the safety of our personnel are top Department priorities , and we did not make this decision lightly . Security has to come first . Regrettably , we had to take this step because the location of our embassy is in very close proximity to intense fighting and ongoing violence between armed Libyan factions . " Militia fighting in the area of the embassy and airport has degraded security in Tripoli significantly . Eyewitnesses in Tripoli told CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh that in the early hours of Saturday there was "  a lot of movement with fighter jets and helicopters . " The Libyan government was informed of the evacuation after it was carried out , according to U.S. officials . "  Robust " force was ready to protect evacuees The Pentagon had a "  robust package of military forces " in the vicinity but out of sight , ready to move in if the convoy of evacuees had come under attack . CNN has learned there were two F-16s on combat air patrol overhead , a drone tracking the convoy to the border and a Navy destroyer offshore in the Mediterranean . There were also several dozen heavily armed Marines flying overhead on V-22 Osprey aircraft in an "  airborne response force " that were prepared to land and rapidly evacuate the Americans during the transit to the Tunisian border if they came under attack . The Pentagon had pressed for weeks to evacuate the embassy , especially after the Tripoli airport came under repeated militia attack , leaving Americans no way to get out via commercial air , the official said . The decision to use vehicles to drive the Americans across the border was seen as the best low-profile approach to conducting the evacuation rather than sending U.S. military helicopters and troops into Tripoli . Harf said the United States will work with Libya and the international community "  to seek a peaceful resolution to the current conflict and to advance Libya 's democratic transition . " "  We reiterate that Libyans must immediately cease hostilities and begin negotiations to resolve their grievances . We join the international community in calling on all Libyans to respect the will of the people , including the authority of the recently-elected Council of Representatives , and to reject the use of violence to affect political processes . Many brave Libyans sacrificed to advance their country toward a more secure and prosperous future . We continue to stand solidly by the Libyan people as they endeavor to do so , " Harf said . Secretary of State John Kerry , at the U.S. Embassy in Paris meeting with the Turkish and Qatari Foreign Ministers Saturday , called upon various factions to engage in a political process saying "  the current course of violence would only bring chaos . " Kerry added that due to the "  freewheeling militia violence that is taking place in Tripoli " the U.S. along with other countries , one of them Turkey have decided to "  suspended our current diplomatic activities at the Embassy . " Tensions escalate The United Nations and other international organizations and businesses temporarily evacuated staff from Libya earlier this month . Nearly three years after the revolution and NATO military intervention that overthrew the regime of Moammar Gadhafi , central government has been outgunned by increasingly powerful militias . The civil war has given way to warring militias fighting over Tripoli 's international airport . The State Department "  recommends that U.S. citizens currently in Libya depart immediately " in a travel warning issued on Saturday . This comes nearly two years after attacks on U.S. government facilities in the Libyan city of Benghazi . The assaults of September 11-12 , 2012 , left four Americans dead , including U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens , and spawned political controversy in Washington . Republican lawmakers have claimed the Obama administration tried to mislead the public about the cause of the attacks and should have done more to prevent them . GOP critics say they plan to make Benghazi an issue for former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , under whose watch the attacks occurred , should she decide to run for president . How did this happen ? Iraq , Syria , Gaza and Libya all in flames Opinion : Why the Middle East 's borders will never be the same again	Eyewitnesses tell CNN of "  a lot of movement with fighter jets and helicopters " Heavy militia fighting is reported in the area of the embassy and the airport The personnel are headed across the border to Tunisia The use of vehicles for evacuation was seen as the best low-profile approach
Washington  CNN  -- Reliability -- that was the watchword for President George W. Bush when it came to legacy-making choices for the Supreme Court . Reliability in both the person he wanted for the high court , and in the selection process itself . The former president 's new memoir reveals a measure of success and uncertainty along the way during six crucial months in 2005 . In "  Decision Points , " Bush offers a behind-the scenes look of his successful nominations of John Roberts and Samuel Alito to the high court . Both men have lived up to White House expectations after five years on the bench , becoming influential conservatives . But there is bitterness , too , over how his pick of close aide and friend Harriet Miers failed so spectacularly , which he blamed not so much on himself , but on those from the left and right . "  While I know Harriet would have made a fine justice , I did n't think enough about how the selection would be perceived by others , " the former president writes . "  I put my friend in an impossible situation . If I had to do it over again , I would not have thrown Harriet to the wolves of Washington . " I covered the Bush judicial nominations , and much of what Bush reveals now was what I had learned at the time from my sources . I knew that early in his presidency he had laid out a simple set of criteria for who he wanted for the federal bench , creating a disciplined , thorough vetting process to assure "  reliable " conservatives would be chosen . Bush wanted a short list of high-court candidates ready to go . That list would include "  women , minorities , and people with no political litmus test , " Bush wrote . "  The only tests in my mind were personal integrity , intellectual ability , and judicial restraint . " While there was some diversity , most of those eventually tapped for the courts were white males , including the two Supreme Court justices . The president most of all sought someone who would stay conservative for perhaps decades on the court -- no "  surprises " as Bush 's father had learned . "  I knew how proud Dad was to have appointed -LSB- Justice -RSB- Clarence Thomas , a wise , principled , humane man . I also knew he was disappointed that his other nominee , -LSB- Justice -RSB- David Souter had evolved into a different kind of judge than he had expected , " Bush writes , referring to his father , former President George H.W. Bush . The moderate-liberal Souter retired in 2009 . As far back as the Reagan years , right-leaning legal activists had sought to transform the courts away from what they called the "  excesses " of a liberal legacy championed by former Chief Justice Earl Warren . From watershed rulings on abortion , criminal rights , and church-state disputes , frustrated conservatives knew the impact life-tenured federal judges would have on hot-button social issues . Republican insiders were always seeking to identify bright , young , up-and-coming lawyers to hopefully one day transform the courts . . One such person was John Roberts , who had served in the Reagan and senior Bush administrations . He was a well-paid Washington appellate attorney when he played a low-key but crucial role defending the younger Bush in court during the 2000 Florida ballot recount . The White House remembered , and groomed him for a potential seat on the high court by first naming him in 2003 to a prestigious federal appeals court . Washington was abuzz in the early summer of 2005 , anticipating a high court vacancy after 11 years of stability . Then-President Bush and others assumed Chief Justice William Rehnquist -- suffering from thyroid cancer -- would step down , but Bush reveals in his book that Miers , then the White House counsel , had called him the morning of July 1 with a surprise . "  It 's -LSB- Sandra Day -RSB- O'Connor , " Bush writes that Miers told him . The pioneering first woman on the Supreme Court was leaving after nearly a quarter-century . Roberts was one of five finalists -- all federal appeals-court judges -- personally interviewed by Bush in subsequent weeks , but he was not the unanimous choice of the president 's top-level staff . Miers liked Samuel Alito . Vice President Dick Cheney and Attorney General Alberto Gonzales wanted Texan Michael Luttig . But political adviser Karl Rove and Chief of Staff Andrew Card preferred Roberts . The 50-year-old Indiana native impressed the president . "  His command of the law was obvious , as was his character , " writes Bush , "  a gentle man with a gentle soul . " Based on what my administration sources were telling me , and what I knew of Roberts , I had predicted Bush would ultimately choose him . Bush revealed now what my sources back then had said would be a key criteria , beyond the resume and conservative credentials : "  I wanted to read the person , " face-to-face , he writes . "  I went into the interviews hoping one person would stand apart . " His gut told Bush that Roberts would be a reliable conservative judge -- and more . "  The tie breaker question , " writes Bush was which man would be the most effective leader on the court . " Note that Bush wrote "  man , " and while one woman was among the finalists , Judge Edith Brown Clement was never seriously considered , my administration sources told me . In retrospect , the decision was not a hard one . The difficult part for the president was at the prime-time announcement ceremony , where Roberts , his wife , and two young children gathered at the White House . Young Jack Roberts started dancing around the East Room -- he was imitating Spider Man , it was later revealed -- while Bush was speaking . "  I saw him out of the corner of my eye , and it took all my concentration to continue my remarks , " Bush writes . Barely six weeks later , high drama . Rehnquist suddenly died during the Labor Day weekend , and now there were two immediate Supreme Court vacancies . Roberts ' confirmation hearings were about to start , and the Bush team acted fast . A day after the chief justice 's funeral , they tapped Roberts for the top spot , and now had to refill the O'Connor seat . This time , Bush said he was determined to change course -- name a woman and perhaps someone with no judicial experience . "  I did n't like the idea of the Supreme Court having only one woman , Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg , " he says in his book . His wife Laura "  agreed -- and shared her views with the press . " Miers fit the bill , but was "  shocked " when the president asked her to be his nominee . One new tidbit revealed in the memoir was that the other top candidate besides Miers -- Priscilla Owen , like Bush a Texas native whom he had named early in his presidency to a federal appeals court seat . Bush now admits strong , discreet pushback to Miers from his own staff . Some "  argued that it was too risky to pick someone with no established record on the bench , or that we would be accused of cronyism . Several told me bluntly that she was not the right choice . " The president again went with his gut , but claiming none of his advisers "  told me to expect the firestorm of criticism we received from our supporters . " That hostile reaction from the right clearly irks the president to this day . He writes about the "  unspoken " elitist arguments against Miers , also a fellow Texan who had not gone to an Ivy League law school . "  She is not glib . She is not fancy , " writes Bush of Miers , singling out traits he seemed to appreciate . My sources at the time said Bush was not looking for outspoken , abrasive , or egotistical judges . Low-key , friendly , loyal were qualities he zeroed in on , along with a fierce intellect and proven conservative credentials . He found that in the personalities and paper trails of Roberts , Miers to a limited extent , and later Alito . "  I had to get the next pick , " writes Bush . "  While the idea of selecting a woman appealed to me , I could not find any as qualified as Sam Alito , " the candidate Miers herself had earlier championed . The former president recalls his initial July meeting with Alito , in which the New Jersey native "  seemed ill at ease . " Bush says he broke the ice by talking about a shared passion -- baseball . Alito is a huge Philadelphia Phillies fan . He is also , as Bush writes , "  as reserved as they come . " Alito survived a tough Senate confirmation , which Bush labels as "  nasty ... I was disgusted by the demagoguery . " At the January 2006 White House swearing-in , the former president writes , "  I had a moment alone with Sam . I thanked him for enduring the hearings and wished him well on the court . Then I said , ' Sam , you ought to thank Harriet Miers for making this possible . ' He replied , ` Mr. President , you 're exactly right . ' " Despite the still puzzling Miers misstep , Bush clearly believes he hit home runs with Roberts and Alito . For those nominees , the disciplined vetting process went exactly as the White House hoped , and the two have certainly re-energized the conservative majority on the court to this day . One final note : Bush 's memoir reveals little about his thoughts on the 2000 post-election fight , and the high court 's crucial role in stopping the recount , in essence handing him the presidency . He defends his strategic decision to have the justices ultimately decide whether the vote-counting should continue in contested Florida precincts . "  I was prepared to accept my fate " with the high court , Bush writes , "  The country needed closure , one way or the other . "	Former President Bush writes about his Supreme Court picks in his memoir He writes about his successful nominations of John Roberts and Samuel Alito There is bitterness over the treatment of close aide and friend Harriet Miers "  If I had to do it over again , I would not have thrown Harriet to the wolves of Washington "
Financial Times  -- Australia 's resource-rich economy expanded at twice the pace expected by economists in the first quarter of 2012 , lifted by an unexpected increase in household spending and continued heavy investment in mining projects . Gross domestic product advanced 1.3 per cent from the previous quarter , when it rose a revised 0.6 per cent , according to the Australian Bureau of Statistics . This was well above market expectations of a 0.6 per cent rise and , excluding the quarter that followed the 2011 flooding in Queensland , was the fastest acceleration in economic growth in five years . In annual terms , GDP growth in the year to March was 4.3 per cent . The strong reading came a day after the Reserve Bank of Australia lowered its benchmark interest rate to 3.5 per cent -- the lowest level in almost three years -- because of "  moderate domestic growth " and a "  weaker and more uncertain international environment " . Wednesday 's report showed capital expenditure in the mining sector up 14 per cent in the first quarter of the year , and the main driver of a 20 per cent increase in private infrastructure investment . But it was a 1.6 per cent rise in household spending during the quarter that surprised the market . "  Despite their negativity about a lack of wealth growth and cost of living increases , the consumer is spending money , " said UBS economist Scott Haslem . Treasurer Wayne Swan hailed the figures as "  stunning " and said they showcased the "  rock-solid economic fundamentals " that put Australia in a "  league of its own " . "  This is a remarkable outcome and reaffirms Australia 's position as one of the strongest economies in the world , with the Australian economy growing faster than every single major advanced economy in the March quarter , " said Mr Swan . But economists said the data , which preceded the latest bout of global economic worries , might prove to be the growth peak for Australia , and highlighted the unevenness in growth between the mining and non-mining sectors of the economy . Final demand -- a measure of spending in the local economy by the private and public sectors -- in the mining centres of Western Australia and Queensland rose 13.6 per cent and 7.8 per cent year-on-year respectively , compared with 2.1 per cent in New South Wales and 1.9 per cent in Victoria . "  The result is very likely to be the high water mark for growth , with more cautious households , further declines in dwelling activity , and much bleaker offshore conditions , which will be an ongoing drag on export volumes , to compromise growth from here , " said JPMorgan economist Stephen Walters . "  Despite the upbeat headline outcome , the picture painted today still is one of an economy not quite firing on all cylinders . Output from the miners , for example , bounced 2.3 per cent quarter-on-quarter and other industries turned in decent performances . Manufacturing output , however , dived another 0.8 per cent quarter on quarter  the sixth decline in the last eight quarters  " , noted Mr Walters . However , the Australian dollar rallied following the release of the report , rising 1 per cent to $ 98.40 cents as forecasts for further rate cuts were revised . "  The market 's expectation for a terminal cash rate around 100 basis points below the current level is not compatible with the resilience of the Australian economy , " said Citigroup economist Paul Brennan . © The Financial Times Limited 2012	Australia 's resource-rich economy expanded at twice the pace expected by economists Gross domestic product advanced 1.3 percent from the previous quarter Was the fastest acceleration in economic growth in five years
CNN  -- If all goes according to plan , cancer survivor Kyle Garlett will compete in October 's Ford Ironman World Championship , a grueling triathlon made up of a 2.4-mile ocean swim , a 112-mile bicycle ride and a 26.2-mile run . Heart transplant recipient and cancer survivor Kyle Garlett will compete in October 's Ironman World Championship . And he 'll do it with another man 's heart pumping in his chest . "  I do n't think there 's anybody who would n't consider me a success story and a survivor , " Garlett said . His medical issues began in 1989 when he received his first Hodgkin 's disease diagnosis as a high school senior . In 1995 , during his third battle with the cancer , doctors ceased his chemotherapy treatment when they discovered it had weakened his heart . Two years later , Garlett learned he had secondary leukemia as a result of chemotherapy to treat the Hodgkin 's , and three more years of chemotherapy ensued . And after five years on the waiting list , he received a new heart in 2006 . Now , the 37-year-old savors his body 's capabilities . "  It 's kind of like the starving person who all of a sudden finds himself in front of a buffet . And now I 've got the buffet . I 've got my all-you-can-eat plate , and I 'm just loading it up , " Garlett said . A heart transplant may seem extremely daunting , but Garlett saw it as a more hopeful operation than his years of cancer treatments . "  Going in for chemotherapy , as a patient you know what 's happening . Your body is being poisoned and you know that when you come out on the other side of it , you 're going to have given up something , " said Garlett , a sportswriter and motivational speaker living in Marina del Rey , California . "  On the heart transplant , though , it was completely the opposite . I knew that from the day of the transplant on , every day I 'd be getting stronger . And they were now doing something that was going to fix me , improve my life . " Garlett , who says he 's "  not a klutz " but "  definitely not a natural athlete , " trains about 15 hours a week for October 's Ironman in Kona , Hawaii . Closer to race time , he expects to spend 20 to 25 hours a week in intense training to achieve his goal of finishing within the 17-hour time limit . Garlett was invited to compete in the elite event because organizers believe he "  demonstrates the Ironman mantra : Anything is possible , " said Blair LaHaye , director of communications for Ironman . LaHaye said a handful of athletes are invited to take part in the event each year , but their inclusion does n't reduce the number of slots for those who get in by doing well in qualifying events , or by winning a spot through the Ironman lottery . Garlett will compete in a half-Ironman or other long-distance event before Kona to validate his selection . The training and competition are demanding enough for competitors without health issues . But being a heart transplant patient comes with the extra challenge of getting the organ to beat at an acceptable rate . "  When the old heart comes out , all the nerves are severed . And when the donor heart comes in , the nerves are not connected , " explained Dr. Jon Kobashigawa , medical director of the UCLA Heart Transplant Program , where Garlett is a patient . In a person whose heart is intact , "  the brain will tell the heart , ` Let 's go , start exercising , let 's start beating faster , ' " Kobashigawa said . A donor heart , however , relies on circulating adrenaline in order to get it going . As a result , heart transplant recipients must warm up thoroughly to get their heart pumping properly . The "  denervated " heart works about 80 to 90 percent as well as a normal heart , Kobashigawa said , "  but through exercise , these patients who do strenuous activities , I believe , do get their exercise capacity almost to the normal range , if not normal . " It 's also possible , doctors say , for the donor heart to re-innervate -- or grow nerves onto the donor heart . Following in his footsteps Garlett is on a trail blazed by Dwight Kroening , the first heart transplant recipient to complete the Ironman , last year in Canada . Kroening , now 49 , got a new heart in 1986 after his swelled to about twice its normal size for unknown reasons . He was 26 at the time -- a gym teacher , coach and athlete . At first , running with his students became a struggle . Within days , he could n't walk up a flight of stairs without stopping to rest . Soon , combing his hair and brushing his teeth became too taxing , he said . When doctors examined him as a candidate for a heart transplant , they told him his heart was working at 8 percent of its normal capacity and he probably had about two months to live . Kroening began exercising a week after the surgery , but soon discovered he was incapable of athletic activities that required sprinting , he said . "  I -LSB- told my doctors -RSB- , there 's something wrong here . I 'm not able to do these things . And they said , ` Of course not , ' " Kroening said . "  So being me , I was more or less bound and determined to prove that they were wrong , that I could actually train myself to be able to do these things , " he said . But overcoming those hurdles was n't easy , even after 22 years of practice . Three-quarters of the way into the Ironman 's bicycle leg , Kroening felt ill and fatigued , he said . He questioned whether he would be able to finish . He did , in 15 1/2 hours -- one hour longer than his target . Watch Kroening compete in the Ironman " "  When we test -LSB- heart transplant recipients -RSB- on the treadmill , their peak heart rate is around 140 beats -LSB- per minute -RSB- and they can maintain that for one minute . ... When Dwight did the Ironman , we recorded his heart rate , and he was able to exercise at a heart rate of 133 beats per minute for 15 1/2 hours , " said Mark Haykowsky , a professor of rehab medicine at Canada 's University of Alberta . Haykowsky studied Kroening for research on exercise habits of heart transplant recipients . Since the Ironman , Kroening has competed in other events , including a marathon and a triathlon . He may compete in another Ironman next year in Arizona , the state where he received his heart transplant . "  I relate -LSB- the Ironman -RSB- to what I guess would be like childbirth , " Kroening said . "  In the process , you 're thinking , ` I 'll never do this again in my whole life . This is absolutely crazy . ' But I think probably about three days later that I started thinking , ` Now this might be something that I might want to do again . ' " ` The ultimate price ' Both Garlett and Kroening say promoting organ donation motivates them to compete in these endurance challenges . Kroening also says he wants to make the most of his "  orphaned " heart . "  I wish I could meet my donor family and ... thank them personally , " Kroening said . " -LSB- I want to let them -RSB- know for 23 years , I 've been taking good care of their son 's heart . " Garlett , too , recognizes his donor 's family , who provided the heart of a 42-year-old construction worker who died on the job . "  I never lost sight of the fact that that moment for my family of great joy was only going to be coming ... with somebody else having to pay the ultimate price like that , " Garlett said . "  And that always was in my head , and this man who gave me his heart would always be with me . "	Cancer survivor and transplant recipient Kyle Garlett will compete in Kona triathlon Last year , Dwight Kroening was first person with heart transplant to finish Ironman The lack of nerves on a donor heart poses an extra challenge for transplant patients
It 's not quite the Mummy Returns -- more like an attempt to stop the Mummy disappearing in the first place . Archeological experts have built an exact , full-sized replica of King Tutankhamun 's tomb in Egypt , recreating every tiny detail to save the original from being destroyed by visitors . The replica tomb opened this week near the southern Egyptian city of Luxor , where tourists flock to see the ancient Valley of the Kings complex that houses the young pharaoh 's actual resting place . Laser scanners and high definition printers were used to recreate the precise textures and colors of wall murals depicting the afterlife . King Tutankhamun 's original tomb , built following the 19-year-old ruler 's death in 1327 B.C. , was discovered almost intact by archaeologist Howard Carter in 1922 . Great fakes : Top tourism replicas But decades of tourism have taken their toll . Moisture from the breath of visitors has damaged the murals and walls , while temperature fluctuations have caused paint to flake off and cracks to expand . Journey into the afterlife Luckily , dampness is n't an issue in the new tomb -- some Egyptologists attending an official inauguration reportedly burst into tears when they saw how accurate it was . The facsimile tomb recreates the paintings -- which depict the young pharaoh 's journey into the afterlife -- in their existing damaged form from images taken in 2009 . Carved masonry inside the structure , including the sarcophagus in the middle of the burial chamber that once contained King Tut 's mummy , have been recreated using resin . Both the tombs are currently open to the public , but the plan is eventually to close the original to allow for conservation work . And , no doubt , offer some peace and quiet to Tutankhamun , whose remains are still there , protected by a glass case . Social and political turmoil The new tomb also help safeguard one of the Egypt 's key attractions at a time when social and political turmoil is wreaking heavy damage on its tourism industry , pushing takings down by 43 % according to some reports . Egypt unveils massive restored statues "  Our heritage is something that gives Egypt its unique identity ; preserving it through such projects is vitally important , " said Omayma El Husseini , a spokesman for Egypt 's tourism board . "  They also ensure visitors have the opportunity to experience pharaonic sites of significance , allowing them to stay for longer periods to fully appreciate the importance and relevance of such projects . " The $ 690,000 replica is the work of Factum Arte , a Madrid-based conservation team also engaged in similar projects to recreate the important tombs of Queen Nefertari and Seti I. "  This remarkable project is a fine example of how new technology can preserve and indeed promote Egypt 's rich archaeological heritage , " James Moran , the European Union 's ambassador to Egypt , said at the ceremony to open the new tomb . "  It should also help to revive much needed tourism in the unique area of Luxor , something that is badly needed for the development of Upper Egypt . " Undressing mummies	The replica of King Tutankhamun 's tomb in Luxor , Egypt , took four years to construct and install Moisture from the breath of decades of visitors has caused the deterioration of original tomb The replica was constructed by a Madrid-based team who are working to recreate other Egyptian tombs
Paris , France  CNN  -- Five paintings , including a Matisse and a Picasso , were stolen overnight from a Paris museum , the Paris mayor 's office said Thursday . The paintings were stolen from the Museum of Modern Art and included works by Georges Braque , Ferdinand Leger and Amedeo Modigliani , French police said . The artworks are worth a total of just less than 100 million euros  $ 123.7 million  , said Christophe Girard , an aide to the mayor of Paris . The city runs the museum . But the prosecutor 's office estimated the value of the lost works at 500 million euros  $ 617 million . The city of Paris Web site named them as "  Le Pigeon aux Petits Pois "  Pigeon with peas  by Picasso , "  La Pastorale "  The Pastoral  by Matisse , "  L'Olivier pres de l'Estaque "  Olive Tree near the Estaque  by Braque , "  La femme a l'eventail "  Woman with Fan  by Modigliani , and "  Nature morte aux chandeliers "  Still Life with Candlesticks  by Leger . Paris Mayor Bertrand Delanoe said he was "  particularly saddened and shocked by this theft which is an intolerable affront to the universal cultural heritage of Paris . " Delanoe said in a statement that part of the museum 's security system -- the part that detects movement and body heat -- had been broken at least since March 30 . The museum notified the service provider that day and asked for replacement equipment , but it still has not been provided , the mayor said . Video surveillance of the museum was working normally , and three guards were on duty , he added . Delanoe called for an administrative investigation in addition to the criminal one , he said , to determine if "  technical or human failures helped make this security breach possible . "	Five paintings stolen overnight from Paris museum Works are worth about 100 million euros  $ 123.7 million Security systems apparently disabled , official says
CNN  -- The Cannes Film Festival culminated Saturday night with the glittering award show for the festival 's top honors . Turkish director Nuri Bilge Ceylan accepted the coveted Palme d'Or for his film "  Winter Sleep " at the international event on the French Riveria . American actress Julianne Moore won the best actress award for her portrayal of an aging film star in David Cronenberg 's dark Hollywood parody , "  Maps to the Stars . " British actor Timothy Spall won the best actor honor for his turn in "  Mr. Turner . The Grand Prix , the second-highest award at the prestigious movie competition , went to director Alice Rohrwacher for the Italian drama "  Le Meraviglie " or "  The Wonders . " Director Bennett Miller nabbed the best director award for the movie "  Foxcatcher . "	Cannnes Film Festival 's top prize goes to Turkish film "  Winter Sleep " Julianne Moore wins best actress for her part in "  Maps to the Stars " Timothy Spall takes best actor for his performance in "  Mr. Turner "
CNN  -- A former prison secretary has been sentenced to six months in federal prison for having sex with an inmate she was supposed to be supervising , a spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's office in the District of Colorado said Friday . Janine Sligar , 47 , of Wray , Colorado , was sentenced Thursday for sexual abuse of a ward . After serving her sentence , she will serve five years of supervised release and must register as a sex offender , spokesman Jeff Dorschner said in a news release . Sligar , who must surrender to a facility designated by the Bureau of Prisons on March 2 , did not respond to a telephone call to her home for comment . She was indicted in July by a federal grand jury in Denver and pleaded guilty in U.S. District Court in October . According to the plea agreement , Sligar , a 14-year Bureau of Prisons veteran , said she and inmate Eric McClain met in February 2007 , when he was assigned to clean her office . "  They began to have conversations and realized they had similar interests , " the plea agreement said . That summer , they initiated a sexual relationship that included 10 to 20 sessions of oral sex and sexual intercourse , ending in October 2007 , it said . The liaisons primarily occurred in a staff restroom in the housing unit at the Federal Prison Camp in Florence , Colorado , according to the agreement . Sligar , who acknowledged having detailed her activities in a journal , said she obtained a cell phone with a non-local phone number so McClain could call her without raising suspicion and admitted she gave him contraband that included photographs with explicit sexual poses , the plea agreement added . "  Defendant also admitted using her cell phone camera to take graphic pictures of a sexual nature which depict defendant and this inmate , " it said . Authorities began investigating the incident after receiving a tip about the inappropriate relationship . They then learned that Sligar had changed the primary beneficiary on an insurance policy from her children to McClain . A subsequent search of her home turned up the journal and photographs .	Former prison secretary Janine Sligar had sex with inmate Sligar sentenced to six months on charge of sexual abuse of a ward Documents : Sligar , inmate had 10 to 20 sexual encounters Sligar detailed liaisons in journal , admitted taking and giving inmate graphic photos
Sure , Fido is a brown Lab . But inside , he may also be a little green . New research suggests that dogs can exhibit jealousy , a human emotion usually ascribed to squabbling siblings or the jilted third of a love triangle . A study by scholars at the University of California , San Diego found that dogs showed jealous behaviors when their owners displayed affection toward an animatronic stuffed dog that barked , whined and wagged its tail . The dogs snapped at and pushed against the stuffed dog and tried to get between it and the human . This may come as no surprise to any owner of multiple pooches who has seen them jostle for space on someone 's lap . And it 's not unusual for people to assign human feelings to their dogs , whose baleful eyes seem like deep pools of emotion when compared with those of , say , cats . 5 ways pets benefit your health But animal-behavior experts say the study is a significant step forward in understanding our dogs ' emotional lives . "  This is the first study I know of that directly asks this question : Do dogs get jealous ? " said Marc Bekoff , author of "  Why Dogs Hump and Bees Get Depressed : The Fascinating Science of Animal Intelligence , Emotions , Friendship , and Conservation . " The study by Christine R. Harris and Caroline Prouvost was published Wednesday in PLOS One , a peer-reviewed online scientific journal . For their research , the authors videotaped 36 dogs individually at their homes while their owners ignored them and interacted with a series of three objects : the fake dog , a children 's book and a plastic jack-o ' - lantern . The canines included 14 small breeds such as pugs , dachshunds , corgis and terriers . Researchers chose small breeds so they could more easily control the dogs if they acted out violently . The dogs acted jealous when their owners petted the stuffed dog and talked sweetly to it as if it was real , although they displayed less such behavior when the owner showered attention on the pumpkin or read aloud from the children 's book , which had pop-up pages and played melodies . In this way , the study suggests , the dogs ' jealousy was triggered by social interaction and not merely by their owners ' ignoring them for an inanimate object . Eighty-six percent of the dogs sniffed the butt of the toy dog during the experiment , so many of them may have seen it as real . New app helps you find lookalike for Fido The findings mirror those of other studies that found human babies as young as 6 months displayed jealous behaviors when their mothers interacted with a realistic-looking doll . The infants did not act jealous , however , when their mothers attended to a nonsocial item such as a book . "  These results lend support to the hypothesis that jealousy has some ` primordial ' form that exists in human infants and in at least one other social species besides humans , " the study said . Although most animals clearly demonstrate primal emotions such as anger or fear , studies have been less conclusive in determining whether dogs are capable of more complicated feelings such as guilt or shame , Bekoff said . But research has shown that dogs do understand when they 're being treated unfairly , he said . "  Dogs are really keen social observers , " Bekoff said . Animal behavioral expert Patricia McConnell , author of "  For the Love of a Dog " and other books , said she was impressed with the new study 's methodology . But she 's not surprised by its findings . "  I think we share a tremendous amount of emotional life ... with dogs , " she said . "  But I have never thought of jealousy as a particularly complex emotion  in animals  . Is human jealousy exactly like dog jealousy ? I 'm sure it 's not . " Does your dog ever act jealous ? Share your experience in the comments section below . New York lawmakers ban piercings , most tattoos on pets Loving and losing a dog : Your stories Man leaves $ 1,000 tip for dog 's surgery	A new University of California study suggests dogs can exhibit jealousy Study dogs acted jealous when their owners displayed affection to a fake dog Experts say study is significant step forward in understanding pets ' emotions
CNN  -- At the intersection of the two country roads , charred debris lies strewn haphazardly . The earth around it is scorched . It is here , in this corner of Dumas , Texas , that a sport utility vehicle and a gas tanker collided Sunday afternoon . The tanker 's flammable cargo sent both vehicles up in flames , seriously injuring the truck driver and killing all five passengers in the Chevrolet SUV . All of those who died were teenagers . The crash , coupled with another one in Warren , Ohio , the same day , highlight that motor vehicle wrecks continue to be the No. 1 killer of youths in the United States . Such accidents took the lives of about a quarter of the 15 - to 24-year-olds who died in 2010 , according to the most recent numbers from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . They outpaced the other top culprits : firearm wounds , homicides , suicides and accidental poisonings . But the wrecks mask a broader improvement : Overall traffic fatalities have been dropping in a "  historic downward trend , " according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration . In 2005 , it tallied 43,510 traffic deaths ; in 2011 , there were 32,367 , the lowest level since 1949 . In 2009 , motor vehicle crashes were the 11th-leading cause of death . That marked the first time since 1981 , when data were first available , that motor vehicle crashes were not among the nation 's top 10 causes of death . 6 teens killed , 2 injured when overcrowded SUV flips into pond A fatal mistake It was n't clear where the teens were headed in the SUV when , authorities say , the driver , 16-year-old Jacob Paul Stipe , failed to stop at a stop sign . It was a fateful mistake . As the SUV entered the intersection , a truck smashed into its passenger side , CNN affiliate KFDA reported , quoting authorities . Paul died at the scene . So did his four passengers : October Dawn Roys , 17 ; Elizabeth Kay Roys , 15 ; Derrek Lee Hager , 17 ; and Christopher Lee Moore , 17 . The truck driver , Ezequel Melecio Garcia , was flown to a hospital burn unit in Lubbock . Best of friends The teens were friends , said Star Tovar , assistant manager at the local Dairy Queen . "  It was always them together , all five of them always together , " she told CNN affiliate KVII . Chris had recently moved to the area . Elizabeth and October , who went by the nickname Toby , were sisters . October leaves an infant daughter . Their parents , Robert and Sheryl Roys , wept as they spoke to the affiliate . "  They changed hair color every month , " Robert Roys said , smiling for a moment . "  It 's going to be hard not having them around because they were there all the time . I love them with all my heart and they 'll always be here , in my heart , " said Sheryl . Grief in Ohio Hours earlier and nearly 1,400 miles away , in Warren , Ohio , six teenagers were killed when an SUV struck a guard rail and flipped into a pond . They were among eight teens who had crammed into the Honda Passport , which was later reported stolen . It was built to seat no more than five . None of the dead had been wearing a seat belt , authorities said . The teenagers were speeding down a two-lane northeastern Ohio road , authorities say . Alexis Cayson , 19 , was behind the wheel , the highway patrol said . Those who died alongside her were : Andrique Bennett , 14 ; Kirklan M. Behner , 15 ; Daylan Ray , 15 ; Brandon A. Murray , 14 ; and Ramone M. White , 15 . All were from Warren . The two survivors escaped by breaking the rear window in the submerged vehicle , Ohio State Highway Patrol Lt. Brian Holt said . They ran a quarter mile to a nearby home and called 911 , he said . Holt said weather was not a factor in the wreck -- the deadliest in his county 's history and the worst in Ohio in at least three years . ` It 's numbing ' Monday night , mourners held a vigil near the guard rail and alongside a makeshift memorial of Teddy bears and a cross . They released helium-filled balloons into the air to commemorate the dead . "  It 's numbing . It 's confusing . It 's hurtful , " said Charlene Blackwell , whose nephew Ramone White was among the dead . Grief counselors visited area schools Monday to help students and staff with the emotional aftermath .	The crash killed everyone in the SUV The driver of the gasoline tanker was seriously injured and flown to a hospital burn unit The 16-year-old driver ran a stop sign , authorities say Traffic accidents are the No. 1 killer of youths in the United States
CNN  -- The dreadful shooting sprees of the past few months , which claimed dozens of innocent lives , shocked and unnerved millions of Americans . The specter of some heavily armed madman turning a theater , a temple , a mall or a school into his personal battle zone has become all too real and terrifying . The latest episode still unfolding in Southern California implicates , oddly enough , a former Los Angeles police officer , 33-year-old Christopher Jordan Dorner , who allegedly is seeking redress for perceived mistreatment by the LAPD . Dorner was a member of the department for three years before losing his badge in 2008 , reportedly for lying about a fellow officer . When he was unable to win back his job , murder became , as a manifesto attributed to Dorner put it , "  a necessary evil " for him to prevail in the face of racism and injustice . LA cops talked by suspect , and brutal past Other than the alleged gunman 's former profession , this case is actually quite prototypical of the nearly two dozen massacres that occur each year in the United States . It is a story that my Northeastern University colleague Jack Levin and I have seen time and time again in our several decades of research on this extreme form of violence . By looking closely enough , one can usually make some sense of seemingly senseless behavior . The notion of a deranged gunman who suddenly snaps and goes berserk is more myth than reality . Rather , mass murderers act methodically and with purpose . And unlike the shooting sprees in Aurora , Newtown and elsewhere , in which victims who were unknown to their assailants had the horrible misfortune to be in the worst place at the worst time , most mass murders involve people specifically targeted for specific reasons . Mass murderers tend to be middle-aged men who see themselves as victims of injustice . Although bitter , resentful and full of despair , they see others , often the former boss or supervisor , as the people who are to blame for their miserable existence . Indeed , the workplace is one of the more familiar venues for mass murder , going way back to the 1980s when "  going postal " became part of our everyday vernacular . Manhunt reminiscent of D.C. sniper case Typically , we see a former employee in public service or private industry who feels mistreated and wronged . Believing that his firing is patently unjust , and with nothing left to lose , he decides sooner or later to become the powerful one who will do the "  firing . " When he is deprived of his financial security , sense of purpose and dignity , the idea of getting even becomes all consuming . As I write this on Day Six of the L.A. area manhunt , the terror enveloping the region is combined with anxious uncertainty over when the threat will finally be over and , more critically , whether the victim count will rise before the alleged assailant is found dead or alive . Already five people have been shot -- the daughter of the union representative who participated in Dorner 's unsuccessful grievance hearing and her fiance were fatally wounded , as was one of three police officers gunned down in the continuing rampage . These five victims are actually surrogates , in what is known as "  murder by proxy . " Even when the primary targets are not readily available , others may be viewed as guiltyâ $ " and may be assaulted -- simply because of their association . Meanwhile , dozens more among the alleged gunman 's hit list of enemies remain on edge and in hiding until it is safe to resurface . Not surprisingly , one of the more prominent features to the usual mass-murder profile is access to a powerful enough weapon to achieve an expansive deadly plan . Particularly frightening in the ongoing L.A. drama , of course , is the marksmanship skills that Dorner undoubtedly acquired through his careers with the Navy and in law enforcement , giving added significance to the phrase , "  armed and dangerous . " Alleged cop-killer 's manifesto details threats Adding insult to injury , the man at the center of attention is likely thrilled . If he is like most mass murderers , it is not the spotlight that he is enjoying , but the satisfaction of payback . Others have been made to suffer , as he has in the past . The big question is how many more will be harmed in his methodical and deliberate quest for revenge . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James Alan Fox	James Fox : LA rampage case is typical of mass murders ; like most , planned , methodical He says mass murderers tend to be aggrieved middle-aged men , aiming to regain ` power ' He says in Dorner case , some killed were not actual targets , but cases of ` murder by proxy ' Fox : Assailant usually thrilled at attention , satisfaction of ` payback '
Dubai , UAE  CNN  -- A haunting moon rises over a darkened stage , bouquets of flowers masquerade as elaborate head pieces while a fair-skinned model smiles through a mask of colorful jewelery . Welcome to Fashion Forward , a semi-annual fashion expo that aims to promote the Middle East 's burgeoning sartorial sector . Alongside these elaborate and eye-catching runway shows , pop-up shops tout the latest designer accessories and fashionistas host forums on the latest industry developments in busy meeting rooms . Although the Dubai event only began in April 2013 , its founder has grand ambitions for its future and for fashion in the Middle East . "  I would like to truly have our own fashion heroes , " said Fashion Forward founder and CEO , Bong Guerrero . "  Where every mall almost looks the same ... you really need to have your own home grown brands , " he added . Established Arab labels such as Amato are already regular attendees at Fashion Forward as are smaller up-and-coming fashion houses like Dubai 's Zareena line . The real yard-stick of the Gulf 's fashion success , however , will be whether the creations on display from the likes of Zareena make it off runways and into popular stores around the region . Those that can make this jump will find a lucrative market waiting for them . The luxury fashion and design sectors are worth more than $ 14 billion across the Gulf alone , according to the consultancy Bain and Company -- and that accounts for just a tiny portion of the global market . To tap into that potential , industry experts like the creator of New York Fashion Week , Fern Mallis , say the region has to find a way to set itself apart . "  There 's a lot of talent around the world but everybody is looking for something new , " Mallis said . "  Even buyers in New York and Paris , they 're all looking for something new that nobody else has . " "  I often say that  fashion  editors and journalists , they 're like pigs sniffing for truffles . They 'll find it if the talent exists , " she added . But for many emerging designers in the Gulf having the talent is only part of the process . Some like Arwa Alamari , a local designer who recently completed her first collection , say they need guidance and mentoring in order to fully realize their potential . "  For a new designer , they need appropriate education so they 'll be able to understand the concept behind fashion because fashion can not be taken as a hobby , " said Alamari . "  Second , I think you need a coach or someone to help you along the way . And the third thing , you have to find a proper outlet for your designs . " Creating that outlet for local talent is an integral part of Dubai Fashion 2020 , a long-term strategy that aims to make the emirate a global fashion capital by the end of the decade . At the heart of this process is D3  or Dubai Design District  , a government backed entire business park just minutes away from the Burj Khalifa dedicated to supporting these goals . D3 will include commercial areas , manufacturing facilities and work spaces for artists and designers . The woman at the helm of the company responsible for delivering the D3 project says it will be an eco-system to create jobs and nurture the region 's talent . "  You have Paris and you have New York , and you have London , the idea is not really to bring designers or mimic whatever they have there , " said Dr. Amina Al Rustamani , group CEO of Tecom . "  We are very strong in attracting brands here but I believe we are also ready and have the right opportunity to also develop global brands from Dubai . " "  I believe we have our own authenticity , and you know , and unique design and talent that could showcase . "  Rustamani added . See also : Middle East 's new hotel king See also : Is RAK the new emirate hotspot See also : Violence will not derail Iraqi oil output	Dubai wants to become a global fashion capital by 2020 Events like Fashion Forward aim to promote the best designers in the UAE Luxury fashion and design sectors are worth more than $ 14 billion in the Gulf region , research states
CNN  -- Just as "  Y2K " and its batch of predictions about the year 2000 have become a distant memory , here comes "  Twenty-twelve . " The sun shines through the door of the Seven Dolls Temple , in the Maya ruins of Dzibilchaltun in Mexico . Fueled by a crop of books , Web sites with countdown clocks , and claims about ancient timekeepers , interest is growing in what some see as the dawn of a new era , and others as an expiration date for Earth : December 21 , 2012 . The date marks the end of a 5,126-year cycle on the Long Count calendar developed by the Maya , the ancient civilization known for its advanced understanding of astronomy and for the great cities it left behind in Mexico and Central America . Some scholars believe the cycle ends a bit later -- on December 23 , 2012 . Speculation in some circles about whether the Maya chose this particular time because they thought something ominous would happen has sparked a number of doomsday theories . The hype also has mainstream Maya scholars shaking their heads . "  There 's going to be a whole generation of people who , when they think of the Maya , think of 2012 , and to me that 's just criminal , " said David Stuart , director of the Mesoamerica Center at the University of Texas at Austin . "  There is no serious scholar who puts any stock in the idea that the Maya said anything meaningful about 2012 . " Find out more about the history and culture of the Maya " But take the fact that December 21 , 2012 , coincides with the winter solstice , add claims the Maya picked the time period because it also marks an alignment of the sun with the center of the Milky Way galaxy , and you have the makings of an online sensation . Type "  2012 " into an Internet search engine and you 'll find survival guides , survival schools , predictions and "  official stuff " to wear , including T-shirts with slogans such as "  2012 The End " and "  Doomsday 2012 . " Theories about what might happen range from solar storms triggering volcano eruptions to a polar reversal that will make the Earth spin in the opposite direction . If you think all of this would make a great sci-fi disaster movie , Hollywood is already one step ahead . "  2012 , " a special-effects flick starring John Cusack and directed by Roland Emmerich , of "  The Day After Tomorrow " fame , is scheduled to be released this fall . The trailer shows a monk running to a bell tower on a mountaintop to sound the alarm as a huge wall of water washes over what appear to be the peaks of the Himalayas . ` Promoting a hoax ' One barometer of the interest in 2012 may be the "  Ask an Astrobiologist " section of NASA 's Web site , where senior scientist David Morrison answers questions from the public . On a recent visit , more than half of the inquiries on the most popular list were related to 2012 . "  The purveyors of doom are promoting a hoax , " Morrison wrote earlier this month in response to a question from a person who expressed fear about the date . A scholar who has studied the Maya for 35 years said there is nothing ominous about 2012 , despite the hype surrounding claims to the contrary . "  I think that the popular books ... about what the Maya say is going to happen are really fabricated on the basis of very little evidence , " said Anthony Aveni , a professor of astronomy , anthropology and Native American studies at Colgate University . Aveni and Stuart are both writing their own books explaining the Mayan calendar and 2012 , but Stuart said he 's pessimistic that people will be interested in the real story when so many other books are making sensational claims . Dozens of titles about 2012 have been published and more are scheduled to go on sale in the coming months . Current offerings include "  Apocalypse 2012 , " in which author Lawrence Joseph outlines "  terrible possibilities , " such as the potential for natural disaster . But Joseph admits he does n't think the world is going to end . "  I do , however , believe that 2012 will prove to be ... a very dramatic and probably transformative year , " Joseph said . The author acknowledged he 's worried his book 's title might scare people , but said he wanted to alert the public about possible dangers ahead . He added that his publisher controls the book 's title , though he had no issue with the final choice . "  If it had been called ` Serious Threats 2012 ' or ` Profound Considerations for 2012 , ' it would have never gotten published , " Joseph said . Growing interest Another author said the doom and gloom approach is a great misunderstanding of 2012 . "  The trendy doomsday people ... should be treated for what they are : under-informed opportunists and alarmists who will move onto other things in 2013 , " said John Major Jenkins , whose books include "  Galactic Alignment " and who describes himself as a self-taught independent Maya scholar . Jenkins said that cycle endings were all about transformation and renewal -- not catastrophe -- for the Maya . He also makes the case that the period they chose coincides with an alignment of the December solstice sun with the center of the Milky Way , as viewed from Earth . "  Two thousand years ago the Maya believed that the world would be going through a great transformation when this alignment happened , " Jenkins said . But Aveni said there is no evidence that the Maya cared about this concept of the Milky Way , adding that the galactic center was not defined until the 1950s . "  What you have here is a modern age influence -LSB- and -RSB- modern concepts trying to garb the ancient Maya in modern clothing , and it just does n't wash for me , " Aveni said . Meanwhile , he and other scholars are bracing for growing interest as the date approaches . "  The whole year leading up to it is going to be just crazy , I 'm sorry to say , " Stuart said . "  I just think it 's sad , it really just frustrates me . People are really misunderstanding this really cool culture by focusing on this 2012 thing . It means more about us than it does about the Maya . "	December 21 , 2012 , marks the end of a 5,126-year cycle on a Mayan calendar Some think the date is ominous , others say it may signal the dawn of a new era Theories are fabricated on the basis of very little evidence , Maya scholar says "  The whole year leading up to it is going to be just crazy , " another scholar warns
CNN  -- Easton Neston is the kind of place you 'd expect to find in one of PG Wodehouse 's comic novels -- a playground for England 's eccentric and carefree landed gentry . Nestled among 600 acres of lush farmland and landscaped gardens , the 36-room house was built 300 years ago by architect Sir Nicholas Hawksmoor for one of the country 's aristocratic families . Not only is the property one of the finest examples of English Baroque buildings , it 's unusual in that it has remained a private dwelling . Indeed , the owner of this estate is no ordinary Lord of the Manor . Born Leonid Maxovitch Rodovinksi in St Petersburg , Leon Max is one of a number of Russian-born tycoons acquiring some of the UK 's most iconic buildings from old families crippled by their exorbitant running costs . Max is coy about how much he paid for Easton Neston , but British publications have reported it sold for around $ 25 million in 2005 , as its founding family were struggling to keep up with its annual $ 3 million maintenance bill . And while the price-tag may seem eye-wateringly expensive , Max spent almost twice as much redecorating the house . It was painstaking process , supervised by Lady Henrietta Spencer Churchill , a relative of former British Prime minister Sir Winston Churchill and the late Diana , Princess of Wales . The staff were streamlined but the "  old timers " left are surprisingly loyal to their newfound country squire . " What did I think of when a Russian tycoon bought this property ? " muses the copiously tweeded chief groundsman Roy Goodger , a 30-year veteran of Easton Neston . " Strange at first . But I was happy because I knew a Russian tycoon would have money and that 's what this place needs . " Max is less optimistic about his neighbors . " I suspect the locals had low expectations , " he says in perfect , if soft-spoken English . Read more : Russian billionaire 's Soviet-era art " Come to think of it they were probably expecting a shaven-headed man in a black leather overcoat with a bunch of goons toting Uzis . So , I think they were a bit disappointed when they saw me . " A refugee from the Soviet regime , who has lived in America since the 70s , Max is actually something of an anti-oligarch . Yes , his story is one from the rag trade to the rich list but it is unconventional in that his fortune was made outside of the fast-growing emerging markets . Rather , it was in the hyper-competitive U.S. retail sector where he is best known as the man behind the Californian label Max Studio . Max clearly does n't shy away from a challenge . When we meet he has just launched his high-end clothing line Leon Max in the UK , during one of most pronounced double dip recessions in a generation . " Yes , Europe is in a recession but it 's like everything , things will change , " he says . " And in the meantime , it 's a wonderful place to live ... to work . " In fact , Max -- who spends only part of the year at Easton Neston -- has become so enamored with "  all things English " that he 's relocated part of his design studio to a former real tennis court in a wing designed by Sir Christopher Wren , famous for the construction of St Paul 's Cathedral in London . " I also get inspired by the country life here , " says Max as he dons his signature white smock and weaves between seamstresses busy at their machines . Photo gallery : Russian billionaire 's collection of Soviet-era art "  In fact , we 've recently launched a new line called Max Studio Country , which has everything a girl needs for a weekend in the country . Besides , it 's a wonderful place for our fashion shoots . " For his part , Max appears to have perfected the country look " thanks to my tailor on Savile Row . " When we meet he is looking effortlessly chic in a moss-green moleskin suit , which one ca n't help noticing matches much of the furniture . Although Max avoids questions about his true wealth and the value of his business , he does concede "  it 's enough to keep me in good wine ... and country houses . " It also seems enough to keep him in good company as well . For when we meet the house is abuzz with preparations for the weekend 's big event : A shooting party , which will attract the cream of British society . " Shooting days are easily 5000 calorie days , " says Max , who is trim for a man in his 50s . The day will include : A breakfast , of eggs , bacon , sausages , black pudding and bubble and squeak . Then there 's elevenses with pork pie and spirits , followed by a black tie dinner , champagne , port stilton and more . " Speaking of which , Nicholas , " he says as he catches his trusty manservant whizzing by . " What are we thinking of in terms of the wine ? Say a Chateau Margaux 1996 to go with the lamb ? " A second later the butler scuttles back off down one of the house 's endless corridors and one is left with the feeling of having met the white rabbit from Lewis Carroll 's Alice and Wonderland . " He may be British but he 's spent a long time in Hollywood , " says Max affectionately . " He used to work for the Gettys , then he was Nicholas Cage 's butler . So , I think this probably the most normal set up he 's seen so far , " he chortles . The Gettys may be famous for their massive wealth and love of art but Easton Neston itself would put many museums to shame . The interior has been so sympathetically redecorated it 's hard to believe at first that Max bought the house after it had been stripped of its contents . " Unfortunately , the family I bought it from  Lord Hesketh  had sold the contents at auction earlier , " he says puffing on a Marlboro Light cigarette . One thing he did manage to get his hands on though , is a huge hunting scene attributed to Sir Peter Paul Rubens which hangs majestically above the fireplace in the drawing room flanked by similarly impressive works by Samuel Scott and Luca Giordano . For all the riches in the world , Max cuts a lonely -- if elegant -- figure in this former baronial hall . The twice-divorced father of one does n't even have a dog . "  I 'd love one but I travel so much , " he says . " They always end up being the housekeeper 's dog . " Would he like to find a "  Lady of the Manor " one day ? " Let 's just say I 'm interviewing , " Max replies with a wry -- if not shy -- smile and another drag on his cigarette . As we leave , the parlor maid is laying out the silver in preparation for an Earl who is coming to tea while outside the gamekeeper ensures the drives are n't flooded before the shooting party arrives at the weekend . Flocks of sheep graze in the distance while the odd pheasant flutters between the topiary . But then the bucolic scene is shattered by the arrival of a huge helicopter , and our host bids us goodbye .	Easton Neston is a playground for England 's eccentric and carefree landed gentry The owner of this estate is no ordinary Lord of the Manor -- it 's Russian tycoon Leon Max Max , who has launched his new clothing line in the UK , is enamored with all things English He also hosts huge dinner parties and shooting days at his country estate
New Orleans  CNN  -- Waging war against historic flooding in eight Midwestern and Southern states , the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers opened a spillway north of New Orleans on Monday in an effort to calm the rising Mississippi River . A crowd gathered near the entrance to the Bonnet Carre spillway to watch workers use cranes to slide open the gates to the flood control system . The spillway , like another that could be opened next week , is designed to divert floodwater away from New Orleans and slow the raging river to protect the low-lying city . Bonnet Carre is part of a system built after the devastating Mississippi River flood of 1927 . While the river 's highest levels may still be days away , a decision to open the second flood control structure -- the Morganza Spillway -- may not be , Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal said . People with property that would flood if the spillway is opened should not dally , Jindal warned : "  My advice to our people is not to wait , to get prepared now . " The Bonnet Carre spillway diverts water from the Mississippi to the Gulf of Mexico by way of Lake Pontchartrain . But opening the Morganza Spillway would flood populated areas and could put Morgan City , Louisiana , and other communities at risk . Col. Ed Fleming , the Corps of Engineers ' district commander in New Orleans , said he has requested the authority to open the Morganza Spillway . Jindal said the Louisiana National Guard had asked for at least three days , but preferably five days , to evacuate those areas before the Corps opens the gates . Upstream in Memphis , Tennessee , residents and authorities had prepared all they could Monday as they waited for the Mississippi to crest at a near-record 14 feet above flood stage Tuesday morning . "  It 's sort of torturous , " Memphis Mayor A.C. Wharton Jr. said . "  We 've been waiting so long . It 's hard keeping people 's attention . It 's warning fatigue , if you will . But we 're ready for it . " The river level stood at 47.8 feet Monday evening and is expected to crest at 48 feet , said Ryan Husted , a forecaster for the National Weather Service in Memphis . President Barack Obama signed a disaster declaration for the state of Tennessee Monday , which will help direct federal aid toward recovery efforts in areas hit by severe storms , flooding and tornadoes since early April . The Mississippi is the highest it 's been at Memphis since 1937 , when it crested at 48.7 feet -- 14.7 feet above flood stage . That flood killed 500 people and inundated 20 million acres of land , said Col. Vernie Reichling , the Corps ' Memphis District commander . The river covered the lowest parts of the city 's historic Beale Street and had forced about 400 people from their homes Monday , Wharton said . Another 1,300 remained in low-lying areas , he said . Corps officials said levees protecting the area appeared to be holding up well , with only minor amounts of water seeping in from beneath or lapping over from above . "  All of our levees were designed to withstand heights greater than what we 're seeing today , although this height is significant , " Cory Williams , chief of geotechnical engineering in the Memphis district with the Corps , told CNN affiliate WMC . "  The levees have held up very well in this event . " But local officials were taking no chances . "  It 's a very powerful river . It looks like it 's running very slowly , but it has a very strong current , " said Bob Nations , director of preparedness in Shelby County , Tennessee , which includes Memphis . "  We still do n't know  exactly what  the river might do . " Nicholas Pegues , an East Memphis resident who lives near the Wolf River , said he 's seen extensive flooding and homes left uninhabitable by the water as he 's traveled through the region . "  It 's affecting daily life tremendously , " said Pegues , a Shelby County elections ' division employee who submitted photos of the flooding to CNN iReport . "  It is pretty severe downtown . ... I know a lot of ... people have lost their homes . " Wharton said the flooding had not yet caused major disruptions in the city , and he did not expect it to , even though National Weather Service meteorologist Bill Borghoff said it is possible the river wo n't fall below flood stage at Memphis until June . That 's the problem in Missouri and southern Illinois , where flooding continues even though the Mississippi and Ohio river crests have moved south . In Murphysboro , Illinois , CNN iReporter Robert Icenogle said a swollen creek is inundating a church and bandshell while threatening to wash out telephone poles . "  We can not get to the park , which is underwater , or to other towns , " he said . "  Most of the roads are closed , plus the water sewage plant is getting sandbagged . " If a nearby sewer plant is forced to shut down , "  We wo n't have tap water to bathe in or drink , " he added . Last week , the Corps intentionally breached a levee in Missouri as part of its effort to reduce the pressure on other levees , flooding 130,000 acres of agricultural land over the objection of state officials and some farmers . "  I 'm very sad . I look at that and I do n't have a home , " Marilynn Nally said , pointing to her flooded family farm . "  I feel like we 're having to suffer for somebody else . " As the floodwaters worked their way south , the operator of a nuclear power plant in Port Gibson , Mississippi , expressed concerns that rising water could cut off an access road to the facility . However , there was no plan to shut down the Grand Gulf Nuclear Power Station and no immediate cause for concern , a spokesman for the Nuclear Regulatory Agency said Monday . Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour told CNN 's John King the greatest risk will likely be from flooding around the powerful river 's tributaries , rather the Mississippi itself . "  Pray for the best , but prepare for the worst , " he said . In Louisiana , where the river 's crest is not expected to begin arriving until next week , Jindal added bears to the list of things residents need to think about . He said flooding could force some of the state 's ursine residents from their homes and into populated areas . So far , 21 parishes have issued emergency declarations ahead of expected flooding , Jindal said . He said 400 National Guard troops would be active by the end of the day Monday helping prepare for the flood . Even with a forecast for record or near-record crests into next week and weeks of high water to follow , Corps officials say they expect nothing like the widespread and devastating flooding that occurred along the southernmost stretch of the Mississippi River in 1927 . That flood began near Memphis in the fall of 1926 and did not end until the following August , according to the National Weather Service . It devastated the levee system , and flooded 165 million acres of land , sweeping 600,000 people from their homes . It came at a cost of 246 lives and the equivalent of nearly $ 624 million in 2011 dollars . As a result of that flood , the report says , Congress passed the Flood Control Act of 1928 , which led to a massive public works programs to build a system of levees and other structures designed to hold back the river more effectively . The latest flooding in the Mississippi and Ohio river valleys is largely the byproduct of torrential rains throughout the region . Over one two-week stretch , there was about 600 % more precipitation than usual , Reichling said . The weather now appears to be working in the flood fighters ' favor . Only minimal rain is expected over the coming days , with daytime temperatures forecast to be in the upper 80s and 90s through Thursday , at which point the water levels should begin to creep back down . Still , a spokesman for the Mississippi Emergency Management Agency told HLN 's Vinne Politan that people around the river and its tributaries need to be careful and should not wait until they see water to take action . "  It 's going to be a tragedy on many levels . So many people are going to be displaced . They 're going to be displaced for a long time and they may not have much of anything to come back to , " said Jeff Rent . CNN 's Greg Botelho , Marlena Baldacci , Phil Gast and Ben Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : "  It 's going to be a tragedy on many levels , " says Miss. emergency management spokesman U.S. Army Corps of Engineers opens a spillway to protect New Orleans There 's been flooding around Memphis , though levees appear sound , officials say The river near Memphis is expected to crest at a near-record 14 feet above flood stage
CNN  -- A man on trial for gunning down a Kansas abortion provider in church said he had no regrets because "  abortion is murder . " Scott Roeder , 51 , said he shot and killed Dr. George Tiller as services began on May 31 to save the lives of the unborn . "  There was nothing being done and the legal process had been exhausted , and these babies were dying every day , " Roeder said . "  I did what I thought was needed to be done to protect the children . " Roeder is charged with one count of first-degree murder for the death of Tiller , who ran a women 's clinic in Wichita where abortions were performed , including the controversial late-term procedure . Roeder was the only witness for the defense , which rested its case Thursday . Sedgwick County District Judge Warren Wilbert told jurors closing arguments will be held Friday morning , depending on the weather . After the jury left , Wilbert ruled that the jury could not consider convicting Roeder of the lesser charge of voluntary manslaughter , which is defined as "  an unreasonable but honest belief that circumstances existed that justified deadly force " under Kansas statute . Wilbert said testimony did not support the defense claim that Roeder 's beliefs on abortion justified the use of deadly force against Tiller . Tiller , 67 , was one of the few U.S. doctors who performed late-term abortions . He had already survived one attempt on his life and a clinic bombing before he was slain . During Roeder 's testimony Thursday , Tiller 's widow , Jeanne , and other family members sat in the gallery . Initially stoic , they began to dab at tears as Roeder described putting a gun to Tiller 's head . Asked if he regretted what he did , Roeder said , "  No , I do n't . " Upon learning that Tiller 's clinic was shut down after his death , he said he felt "  a sense of relief . " Dressed in a dark suit , white shirt and a red patterned tie , Roeder calmly testified that he had a long-standing belief that Tiller should die . He thought about different ways to kill the doctor -- driving a car into him , perhaps , or shooting him with a rifle . His main concern , Roeder said , was that he might harm others . Under cross-examination by Sedgwick County District Attorney Nola Foulston , he said he also considered cutting Tiller 's hands off with a sword , but decided that would not be effective , as Tiller would still be able to train others . Roeder said that through the anti-abortion group Operation Rescue he learned that Tiller took measures to protect himself -- traveling in an armored car , using a security escort , wearing a bulletproof vest and living in a gated community . He decided to kill Tiller at his church , he said , because "  I felt that actually if he was to be stopped , that was probably the only place he could have been stopped . ... It was the only window of opportunity I saw . " Roeder said he visited the church four or five times before Tiller 's death . The week before the shooting , on May 24 , he carried a .22 - caliber handgun with him , he testified , but Tiller did not attend church that day . On May 31 , though , the doctor was greeting congregants in the foyer of Reformation Lutheran Church before Roeder walked up to him and shot him at point blank range . "  The lives of those children were in imminent danger if someone did not stop George Tiller , " Roeder said . "  I shot him . " Under questioning from Foulston , Roeder acknowledged that he "  somewhat " admired those who previously had committed violence against abortion providers . He said his anti-abortion beliefs "  go hand in hand " with his religious beliefs . He said he became born again in 1992 after watching an episode of "  The 700 Club . " Asked if there are any circumstances in which he believes abortion is acceptable , Roeder said he thought it could be if the mother 's life was in "  absolute " danger . "  I struggle with that decision , " he said , "  because I believe that ultimately , it is up to our heavenly father . But if there was a time , that would be it . " He said he did not believe abortion was justified in the case of rape . "  You are taking the life of the innocent . You 're punishing the innocent life for the sin of the father . Two wrongs do n't make a right . " Asked about incest , he said his beliefs were the same : "  It is n't our duty to take life , it 's our heavenly father 's . " Roeder 's testimony was peppered with objections from prosecutors . Many objections were sustained by Wilbert , who has maintained he does not want the trial to become a forum on abortion . In a conference out of the presence of jurors , Wilbert cautioned Roeder , saying specifics on medical procedures would not be allowed . Roeder 's testimony would proceed , Wilbert said , "  on a question-by-question basis . " Roeder recounted conducting what he called "  sidewalk counseling " at Kansas City abortion clinics , handing pamphlets and other literature to women as they went inside . "  Some of them did ultimately change their mind , " he said . In opening statements Thursday , defense attorney Steve Osburn told jurors Roeder "  killed Dr. Tiller because he believed that was the only way , necessary to save the lives of the unborn . " Defense attorneys claim Roeder was also motivated by authorities ' failure to punish him through the judicial system . Wilbert refused to allow former Kansas Attorney General Phill Kline to testify on behalf of the defense . On Wednesday , he refused to allow testimony from current Deputy Attorney General Barry Disney . Kline unsuccessfully attempted to prosecute Tiller in 2006 . Disney charged Tiller with 19 misdemeanor counts , but a jury acquitted the doctor . Wilbert said Roeder can testify about the cases and how they affected his beliefs , but to allow testimony from Kline would "  get into legal matters that do not concern this jury . " And , the judge said , the cases do not give Roeder a basis to state absolutely that Tiller 's actions were illegal , since the doctor had never been convicted . Roeder testified he was "  very frustrated " by Tiller 's acquittal , saying it "  seemed like that was the last attempt by the state of Kansas to find if there was anything at all going on illegally in George Tiller 's clinic . " Randall Terry , founder of Operation Rescue , told reporters outside the courtroom the trial is "  a railroad , a kangaroo court , where they are denying critical evidence about what was on Scott Roeder 's mind when he pulled the trigger . " "  Perhaps if the Sedgwick County prosecutors had done a better job prosecuting Tiller for how he illegally killed babies , he would still be alive , " Terry said .	NEW : Judge rules jury can not consider manslaughter charge for abortion provider 's shooter Scott Roeder says he has no regrets over killing Dr. George Tiller at church in May 2009 Tiller ran a women 's clinic where he performed abortions in Wichita , Kansas Roeder testified he thought of various ways to kill Tiller
CNN  -- Caroline Gold calls out to her three children as she takes pizza bagels out of the oven . Shai , 18 months old , runs to her high chair chanting , "  Pizza , pizza ! " Natanel , 7 , comes in from another room in their Atlanta home . They join their sister , Eden , who is already at the table . Randy Gold sits down next to his son while Caroline puts food on everyone 's plates . They seem like the quintessential family , in what could be any household in America . But a closer look reveals Caroline is feeding 5-year-old Eden . Eden can not talk or walk . She needs help sitting up and doing most anything a girl her age should be doing on her own . Eden has a progressive neurological disorder called Mucolipidosis Type IV , also known as ML4 . It 's a rare genetic disease that is more common among Ashkenazi Jews , or people of Eastern and Central European Jewish descent . There is no treatment or cure . Eden 's mental development was halted at 18 months old . She is expected to go blind by age 12 . Doctors say she will not live beyond early adulthood . Eden 's diagnosis was confirmed just before the Jewish New Year in September 2009 . Instead of focusing on the wonderful things the next year would bring , Caroline says their family 's dreams were shattered . "  Anything that we had dreamed and hoped for our family at that point was broken . Done . " ML4 is preventable . So how did this happen ? Caroline and Randy struggled with that very question . Knowing that one in five Ashkenazi Jews in the United States are carriers for a genetic disease , the Golds were screened before they got married . Or so they thought . Caroline was screened for just eight of the 16 Jewish genetic diseases that were being screened for in 2004 . Randy was screened for two . Proponents for standardized screening say it could have spared or prepared the Golds for what they are going through with Eden . Screening assesses a couple 's reproductive risk , says Karen Arnovitz Grinzaid , a genetic counselor at Emory University School of Medicine in Atlanta . Couples who are both carriers for the same disease have a 25 % chance of passing that disease onto their children . Many of these disorders are fatal , says Dr. Stephen Warren , the chair of the department of human genetics at Emory , and they can severely impact patients ' quality of life . A bright future When Randy and Caroline met , their love blossomed quickly . They dated for eight months before getting engaged and were married three months later . They did n't waste time starting a family either . Fifteen months after their walk down the aisle , they welcomed Natanel into their lives . The Golds , now a family , were living the dream . That dream included a bigger family ; Eden was born two years later . But when Eden was just 3 months old , Caroline started wondering whether something was wrong with her precious little girl . She could n't quite put her finger on it . At first Eden did n't seem to be meeting her milestones on time . Then they noticed she had low muscle tone . At 9 months , Eden started physical therapy and had surgery to correct her crossed eyes . Doctors hoped she 'd have a better view of the world and everything else would fall into place . The pediatrician continued to reassure Caroline that every child develops at her own rate . At one point , Caroline was even told she should stop comparing her second child to her first and just enjoy her daughter . "  We finally decided that being told , ` She 's gon na be fine ' or ` Not to worry so much ' just was n't enough , " Caroline remembers . Against their pediatrician 's advice , they took Eden to a neurologist who did an MRI on her brain . Caroline and Randy hold back tears as they remember the phone call from the neurologist at 9:30 p.m. . He did n't know what was wrong with their daughter , he said , but it was n't good . "  It was more than a sad moment , " Randy says . "  It was the beginning of what became a lot of sad moments . " The neurologist ran more tests before referring Eden to a geneticist . The geneticist thought it might be a Jewish genetic disease , but the Golds told him they had been screened . Still , when he described ML4 , Randy remembers thinking he had just described Eden . They waited two agonizing weeks for the lab to confirm the diagnosis . Until screening is routine As difficult as it was to hear the news about Eden , the Golds never ask , "  Why us ? " Instead , Randy says , "  We decided to make sure that the tragedy of Eden 's story does n't happen to another family . " They started by creating a comprehensive education program to teach doctors , rabbis and young couples in their community about the risks . Then they lobbied insurance companies and medical labs to standardize genetic screening , make it more accessible and lower the cost . Their work inspired the Marcus Foundation and Emory University School of Medicine to create JScreen , a Web-based national screening program for the 19 most common Jewish genetic diseases , including ML4 , that launched this month . While it 's targeted at the Jewish population , the site also offers an expanded screening panel to check for a total of 80 genetic diseases , which may be more appropriate for non-Jewish spouses of a Jewish carrier or for those who are unsure of their ancestry . There 's no trip to the doctor or needle needed to draw blood . People who are interested in being screened can visit JScreen.org , read about the screening test and request a kit . A box with the saliva test is then sent to the individual 's home with instructions and an envelope to return the completed kit to the lab . Approximately four weeks later , results are discussed with a genetic counselor over the phone . Additional counseling can then be scheduled with a local genetic counselor . The kit costs $ 99 for most people with insurance and $ 599 if you are uninsured . Unlike direct-to-consumer genetic testing , offered by companies such as 23andMe , JScreen is a nonprofit program with an educational component . Every request for screening is reviewed by a genetic counselor at Emory University before a kit is sent out to make sure that the patient fully understands what the results can  and can not  tell them . Warren believes genetic testing will be part of routine medical care for every potential parent in the coming years ; JScreen is just the start , he says . "  We are looking at this as a prototype to see how well we can do this for the general population . " Prevention is the goal , says Grinzaid , who is also the senior director of outreach initiatives for JScreen . "  In every ethnic group , there are diseases ... unless you have screening , you can have an affected kid . " Carrier screening programs for Jewish genetic diseases have seen success in the past , she says ; in the 1970s and '80s , the fatal condition Tay-Sachs was reduced by approximately 90 % . But genetics is a rapidly changing field ; the human body has hundreds of thousands of genes and mutations , and new ones are being discovered . New screening tests are also being developed quickly . When the Golds were married in 2004 , screening tests were available for 16 Jewish genetic diseases . Now scientists can screen for up to 19 . The ability to make informed decisions Warren says parents of children affected by these types of diseases overwhelmingly say they would have wanted to know before they became pregnant . Armed with the right knowledge , a couple may chose to avoid the risk by using alternative pregnancy paths , such as adoption or in vitro fertilization . If there 's a risk , a couple could also choose to have amniocentesis or CVS testing done during pregnancy to check the fetus . The results could give the parents time to plan for the birth of a baby that will need special care . Or they may choose to end the pregnancy , says Grinzaid . Aware of their risk , Caroline and Randy Gold added a beautiful , healthy baby girl to their family last year . They used pre-implantation genetic testing and IVF to ensure their new little one would not have ML4 . The Golds celebrated the Jewish New Year again last week with their three beautiful children . This year , they are hoping to encourage 7,000 people to get screened for preventable genetic diseases . "  Eden is here to save lives , and if that 's what she 's here to do , there is no life more noble than that , " Randy says .	1 in 5 Ashkenazi Jews in the United States are carriers for a genetic disease Couples who are carriers for the same disease have a 25 % chance of passing it to their kids JScreen identifies the risks for the 19 most common Jewish genetic diseases Proponents say genetic screening needs to be standardized
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- A bomb exploded Saturday at a private hospital in the tourist city of Agra , India , injuring three people . The bomb went off at Jai Hospital 's reception area , said Brij Lal , spokesman for Uttar Pradesh police . The hospital is about 4 kilometers  2.5 miles  from the famed Taj Mahal , India 's most popular tourist destination . The blast blew out window panes and damaged the hospital 's waiting room , where the three injured people were , said P.K. Tiwari , the inspector general of police in Agra . One of them sustain burn injuries . "  It is difficult to say what the cause and motive of the blast were . But we know that this was not a sophisticated device and seems to have not created too much impact , " Tiwari said . "  My guess is this is a crude bomb . " Police at the scene said they spotted several unclaimed lunch boxes and bicycles near the blast site . India 's Home Ministry said it had dispatched commandos to Agra and was in the process of collecting evidence from the scene . The Agra blast occurred a day after Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh warned the nation 's senior police officers about India 's vulnerability . "  The security environment in the country continues to be uncertain , " Singh said in remarks at a police conference Friday . "  The recent terrorist attacks in Mumbai and Delhi are grim reminders of the grave challenges posed by terrorism to our national security . " India has suffered a spate of attacks in recent years , including the November 2008 siege of Mumbai that killed 163 people . This month , a bomb inside a briefcase at the high court in the capital , New Delhi , killed 11 people and injured 74 others . The Islamic extremist group Harkat-ul-Jihad-al-Islami claimed responsibility for that attack in an e-mail to several TV news channels . Authorities have detained three suspects from the Kashmir region . In July , 19 people were killed in three deadly blasts in Mumbai , India 's largest city and financial hub . No one has been arrested yet . CNN 's Aliza Kassim contributed to this report .	NEW : Police say it was a crude device NEW : The three injured were in the hospital 's reception area Agra is home to the famed Taj Mahal , India 's most popular tourist spot No motive has been determined yet
Baltimore  CNN  The streets of Baltimore are calm once again . For the second night in a row , protesters peacefully dispersed Wednesday night after a 10 p.m. curfew meant to prevent riots that tore up the city two days earlier . Many wore T-shirts that said "  Black Lives Matter , " demanding accountability for the death of Freddie Gray . While the Baltimore protesters remained calm , some of their counterparts across the country were not . More than 100 people were arrested in New York during a "  NYC Rise Up & Shut It Down With Baltimore " rally Wednesday night , New York police said . And Denver police arrested 11 people for charges such as assaulting a police officer , robbery , resisting police , disobedience to lawful orders and obstructing roadways . All this comes as protesters demand to know what happened to Gray , who was arrested April 12 and suffered a severe spinal cord injury . He died one week later . Demonstrations are planned for Thursday in Cincinnati , CNN affiliate WXIX said . And a "  Philly is Baltimore " protest will take place at Philadelphia City Hall , Philly.com said . Seattle , Portland , Oregon , and Oakland , California , are on tap for Friday , which is also May Day or International Workers Day -- often used to call attention to issues affecting the working class and minorities . More than 100 people arrested during the fracas in Baltimore this week were released Wednesday without charges , the state public defender 's office said . Authorities either had to charge or release them within 48 hours of their arrests . "  We 've come up on a time line , " said Police Commissioner Anthony Batts . But , he added : "  We 're not giving up on them . We 're just going to follow up . " Enya Baez-Ferreras , a student at Johns Hopkins University , joined in the protests Wednesday . She said the violence that marred Baltimore this week is not reflective of the city . "  Baltimore is not violent . We have been under a lot of duress , and the violence that erupted the other day is only in reaction to the years and decades of oppression , of police brutality , of harassment that many of the Baltimore residents have been under , " she said . President Barack Obama denounced the "  violence , looting , destruction that we saw from a handful of individuals in Baltimore . " "  There 's no excuse for that , " he said in an interview that aired Wednesday on "  The Steve Harvey Morning Show . " Obama said his "  heart goes out " to injured officers , and he praised police who he said "  showed appropriate restraint . " But he also talked about the state of urban communities . "  If you send police officers into those situations where the drug trade is the primary economy and you say to them basically your job is to contain that and arrest kids and put them in jail , when those police officers know  it 's not going to fix things  , then it 's not surprising you end up with a situation of enormous tension between those communities and those police officers , " he said . Obama : Baltimore rioting ` hurts communities that are already suffering ' The relative calm that took over Baltimore can be credited in part to peaceful protesters who formed human barricades between hot-tempered demonstrators and police , day and night . "  We show that we can police ourselves , " said a man who stood for hours in what protesters called a "  unity line . " "  We 're about positivity here in Baltimore . It starts with us . This long line of people came out here because what we seen on TV  Monday night  , we did n't like it . " The city implemented a 10 p.m.-to-5 a.m. curfew for a one-week period that started Tuesday . Asked if she was considering lifting the curfew early , Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake told CNN 's Chris Cuomo she had not made a decision yet . "  We re-evaluate it on a daily basis , " the mayor said Thursday morning . Many residents credited police for not overreacting after the curfew went into effect Tuesday night , setting the tone for peaceful dispersal "  The police did a fantastic job tonight , " one person commented on Twitter . "  Technically they could of arrested everyone at 10:01 . " Some 2,000 National Guardsmen and more than 1,000 police officers from across Maryland and neighboring states were assigned to the streets of Baltimore on Tuesday night , Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan said . Opinion : In Baltimore riots , ` our hearts were broken ' While there was no major damage Wednesday , the recovery from Monday 's destruction is far from over . Many saw their homes and vehicles damaged , their livelihoods in shambles . So residents like Cindy Oxendine took to the streets to sweep up rocks , glass and more , despite her aching back . The governor 's office has started a website for those wanting to help Baltimore recover from this week 's riots . "  We have received an outpouring of support from Marylanders and people all around the country who want to help get our beloved Baltimore back on its feet in the wake of the violence and destruction , " Hogan said in a statement . The website , governor.maryland.gov / mdunites / , allows visitors to volunteer for cleanup efforts , donate to charities helping affected residents and report new incidents to police . Some leaders slam ` thug ' as the new n-word CNN 's Brian Todd reported from Baltimore ; Holly Yan reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Evan Perez , Greg Botelho , Dana Ford and Diane Ruggiero contributed to this report .	Protests spread to New York and Denver , with more scheduled for other cities More than 100 people arrested in Baltimore this week are released
CNN  -- Mangled metal , puffs of smoke , chunks of concrete , blood and a crowd of people walking around dazed , shocked and crying . That was the scene on a Damascus street Friday after a car bomb exploded and killed several people . Some of the dead were reported to be children . The blast seemed to mock the truce that the Syrian government and rebels agreed to abide by earlier this week . The truce , negotiated by the United Nations ' special envoy to Syria , was supposed to last during Eid al-Adha , the four-day Muslim holiday that celebrates the end of the Hajj . A Syrian purportedly at the scene captured a video and posted it on YouTube . CNN can not verify that the footage is authentic , just like so many amateur videos shot during a war that foreign journalists have been blocked from covering . Rebels said the blast went off near a playground . This kind of violence is n't normal in a neighborhood such as Zouhr , a government-held stronghold . Zouhr has been generally quiet ; there are still pockets in the capital city that have avoided chaos . That explains why parents might believe that they could safely bring their kids to a playground to celebrate Eid . There 's a mosque nearby , and it 's customary to gather with family and pray to mark the holiday . About 15 minutes after the blast , Syria security forces showed up and shot directly at someone filming the scene , a source who CNN has spoken with before inside Syria recounted . CNN is not naming her to protect her safety . "  The people were mad with grief , with rage , " she said . A small demonstration formed , as Syrians chanted against the Assad regime , she said . They immediately blamed President Bashar al-Assad 's forces for the bomb . "  The whole neighborhood came down to the street , " she said . "  It is really outrageous . We are enraged ! Kids ! In a playground ! The families were trying to take them out of the environment of death and blood for one day , " she said . "  For one day they were trying to make them forgot the bombs and the bullets that are surrounding us . " It 's unclear who was behind the bombing . Syrian state media blamed the blast on "  terrorists , " a line the government has used since the beginning of the movement against al-Assad began in March 2011 . Officials have constantly argued that the government has a right to respond to "  terrorist " attacks , including bombings , as well as "  terrorists " trying to reinforce their positions . In almost two years , more than 32,000 people have died in battles involving rebels and al-Assad 's forces . There are also jihadist elements operating in Syria , CNN has reported . A woman speaking for anti-government rebels blamed Syrian forces , and told CNN that most of the dead were children . Syrian state media reported that five people were killed and 32 wounded . Rebels said 10 were dead . Because Syria has restricted the access of international journalists in the country , CNN ca n't confirm reports of violence . Rebels said the blast occurred in a public square where families were celebrating Eid . Their spokeswoman was not at the scene but said she was receiving reports from those who were . The car bomb was perhaps the worst of the reported violence , but there were other incidents . At least 103 people were killed around the nation Friday , according to opposition groups . Both sides accused the other of violating the cease-fire . "  We are , again , calling on both sides not just to talk the talk , but to walk the walk , and we have seen some violations on both sides , " said U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland . Earlier in the capital , snipers fired from buildings . Soldiers shot protesters elsewhere in the country . Video on YouTube purportedly shows men walking down a street in Damascus carrying guns . Constant gunfire can be heard as well as a man repeatedly saying "  Allahu Akbar , " or God is great . CNN is unable to authenticate the footage . The idea of a cease-fire was met with skepticism immediately after it was floated on Wednesday . Diplomats , experts in the region and rebels predicted that the agreement would fail . They said Wednesday and Thursday that the effort would just be a repeat of a cease-fire failure in April . By sunrise Friday , thousands of people poured into the streets across Syria to protest against al-Assad . Why region fears al-Assad 's ` blackmail ' in Beirut Rebel groups reported these additional bouts of violence across the country : At least three people were killed in tank and sniper fire in a Damascus suburb where government forces have been battling rebel forces on-and-off for control . Fierce fighting broke out between government forces and the al Qaeda-linked al Nusra Front , which had said earlier it would not abide by the terms of the temporary truce . The al Nusra fighters laid siege to a military encampment east of the city of Maaret al-Numan . Government forces shelled a neighborhood in the flashpoint city of Homs where the opposition alleged six rockets fell , wounding two people and damaging a number of buildings . Video of the alleged destruction appeared on YouTube . At least three people suffered gunshot wounds when Syrian forces fired shots in the air in an attempt to disperse protesters in the town of Inkhil in Dara province . On the rebel side , a top Free Syrian Army general said Thursday his fighters had agreed to halt military operations if the Syrian government were to do so as well . But he said he doubted that the truce would hold . Syria 's rebel opposition is fractured , and Gen. Mustafa al-Sheikh said that some rebel groups have not agreed to halt operations . The government , meanwhile , touted its several goodwill efforts Thursday leading to its announcement that it will stop fighting . State-run TV aired footage of men walking out of a prison -- part of a government amnesty program , a commentator said . The release came a week after rebel fighters told Al Jazeera news agency that they would agree to a proposed cease-fire only if the government were to release detainees , end a siege in the city of Homs and halt aerial attacks . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter and Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report .	A car bomb explodes in Damascus , killing children , rebels say Syrian army forces say they were attacked by rebels The army is responding by firing back , state TV reports The cease-fire is supposed to span the four-day Eid al-Adha holiday
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Ameneh Bahrami is certain that one day she 'll meet someone , fall in love and get married . But when her wedding day comes , her husband wo n't see her eyes , and she wo n't see her husband . Bahrami is blind , the victim of an acid attack by a spurned suitor . Ameneh Bahrami said her attacker pestered her with marriage demands . If she gets her way , her attacker will suffer the same fate . The 31-year-old Iranian is demanding the ancient punishment of "  an eye for an eye , " and , in accordance with Islamic law , she wants to blind Majid Movahedi , the man who blinded her . "  I do n't want to blind him for revenge , " Bahrami said in her parents ' Tehran apartment . "  I 'm doing this to prevent it from happening to someone else . " Bahrami says she first crossed paths with Movahedi in 2002 , when they attended the same university . She was a 24-year-old electronics student . He was 19 . She never noticed him until they shared a class . He sat next to her one day and brushed up against her . Bahrami says she knew it was n't an accident . "  I moved away from him , " she said , "  but he brushed up against me again . " Watch Bahrami return to the attack scene for the first time " When Bahrami stood up in class and screamed for him to stop , Movahedi just looked at her in stunned silence . He would n't stay silent for long . Bahrami said that over the next two years , Movahedi kept harassing her and making threats , even as he asked her to marry him . "  He told me he would kill me . He said , ` You have to say yes . ' " On a November afternoon in 2004 , Movahedi 's threats turned to violence . That day at 4:30 p.m. , Bahrami left the medical engineering company where she worked . As she walked to the bus stop , she remembers sensing someone behind her . She turned around and was startled to see Movahedi . A moment later came the agonizing pain . Movahedi had thrown something over her . What felt like fire on her face was acid searing through her skin . "  I was just yelling , ` I 'm burning ! I 'm burning ! For God 's sake , somebody help me ! ' " The acid seeped into Bahrami 's eyes and streamed down her face and into her mouth . When she covered her face with her hands , streaks of acid ran down her fingers and onto her forearms . Watch how the still-pungent acid destroyed Bahrami 's clothes " Two weeks after the attack , Movahedi turned himself in to police and confessed in court . He was convicted in 2005 and has been behind bars all along . Bahrami 's lawyer , Ali Sarrafi , said Movahedi had never shown any remorse . "  He says he did it because he loved her , " Sarrafi said . Attack victims in Iran usually accept "  blood money " : a fine in lieu of harsh punishment . With no insurance and mounting medical bills , Bahrami could 've used the cash , but she said no . "  I told the judge I want an eye for an eye , " Bahrami said . "  People like him should be made to feel my suffering . " Watch how the acid destroyed Bahrami 's eyes  includes graphic content  " Bahrami 's demand has outraged some human rights activists . Criticizing acid-attack victims is almost unheard of , but some Internet bloggers have condemned Bahrami 's decision . "  We can not condone such cruel punishment , " wrote one blogger . "  To willingly inflict the same treatment on a person under court order is a violation of human rights . " Late last year , an Iranian court gave Bahrami what she asked for . It sentenced Movahedi to be blinded with drops of acid in each eye . This month , the courts rejected Movahedi 's appeal . Bahrami 's lawyer , Sarrafi , said the sentencing might be carried out in a matter of weeks . He said he does n't think Bahrami will change her mind . Neither does Bahrami . "  If I do n't do this and there is another acid attack , I will never forgive myself for as long as I live , " she said . Bahrami is largely self-sufficient despite not being able to see . She can make a salad , prepare tea and walk up the five flights of stairs that lead to her parents ' apartment . She has undergone more than a dozen surgeries on her badly scarred face , but she says there are many more to come . She ca n't afford to pay for her medical care , so she 's using the Internet to raise money . She 's lost her big brown eyes , but she likes to smile , especially when she imagines her wedding day . "  I always see myself as someone who can see and sometimes see myself in a beautiful wedding gown , and why not ? "	Woman blinded , disfigured by acid wins case to have attacker also blinded by acid Ameneh Bahrami wants "  eye for an eye " punishment to be deterrent to others Court-ordered blinding of Majid Movahedi may happen within weeks , lawyer says
CNN  -- Oklahoma death row inmate John David Duty was executed Thursday using a drug commonly used to euthanize animals because of a nationwide shortage of the sedative normally employed in Oklahoma 's lethal injections . Pentobarbital is an anesthetizing drug widely used to euthanize dogs , cats and other animals . Duty , who was pronounced dead at 6:18 p.m. CT , is believed to be the first condemned inmate to be executed using pentobarbital as part of the three-drug cocktail . Lawyers for Duty , who was sentenced to die for strangling his cellmate with a shoelace , claimed that pentobarbital is risky and unproven in humans . The 10th Circuit Court of Appeals allowed Duty 's execution to go forward using pentobarbital in place of sodium thiopental , a short-acting barbiturate that induces unconsciousness . "  According to the record , sodium thiopental is now effectively unobtainable anywhere in the United States , thus requiring Oklahoma and other death-penalty states to revise their lethal injection protocols , " the court said in an order issued December 14 . Hospira , the Illinois-based drug company that is the only domestic manufacturer of sodium thiopental , stopped producing the drug in August 2009 because of a shortage of raw materials , a company spokesman said . The sedative is the first drug in Oklahoma 's lethal injection protocol . It is followed by vecuronium bromide , a drug that causes paralysis and stops breathing . The third drug , potassium chloride , stops the heart . Hospira does not support the use of sodium thiopental in executions , a stance it has made known for years . "  Hospira manufactures this product because it improves or saves lives , and the company markets it solely for use as indicated on the product labeling . The drug is not indicated for capital punishment , and Hospira does not support its use in this procedure , " spokesman Daniel M. Rosenberg said in an e-mail . "  In the spring of 2010 , Hospira communicated with departments of corrections in the United States to advise them of our position . We have done this every several years going back to the days when the company was part of Abbott . " The condemned man 's lawyers argued that pentobarbital 's effectiveness is not proven and said the FDA has not approved its use . A spokesman for the FDA did not immediately respond to an inquiry regarding pentobarbital 's status . A search on Drugs@FDA, which lists all drugs approved by the FDA , showed its marketing status as discontinued , which means the drug is no longer being manufactured by the marketer . The decision to use pentobarbital in place of sodium thiopental sparked an outcry from death penalty opponents over its questionable effectiveness . "  It 's controversial because no one knows how it 's going to work . It 's never been used in executions , " said Richard Dieter , executive director of the anti-capital punishment group , the Death Penalty Information Center . "  It 's been used on animals and humans in an anesthetic way , not a killing way . If it does n't work in that context , we know that the other two drugs are extremely painful , so it 's going to be an excruciating process , " he said . Duty was sentenced to die in 2002 after pleading guilty  against the advice of his lawyers  to premeditated murder for strangling his 22-year-old cellmate , Curtis Wise , with shoelaces . At the time , he was serving three life sentences for rape , robbery and shooting with intent to kill from a 1978 conviction . In a letter to the district attorney and in hearings , Duty said he killed his cellmate in the hopes of obtaining a death sentence . The state sought the death penalty based on several factors , including the heinous nature of the crime and the fact Duty carried it out while in prison . In post-conviction proceedings , however , Duty said he was depressed when he pled guilty and that his depression contributed to the murder and his decision to plead guilty . He also unsuccessfully pursued claims of ineffective counsel . The 10th Circuit Court of Appeals sided with a district court 's finding that another Oklahoma death row inmate failed to show "  that the use of pentobarbital in Oklahoma 's lethal injection protocol presents a constitutionally unacceptable risk of harm to the inmate , " according to its December 14 order . The appeals court cited the lower court 's findings that , based on testimony from an anesthesiologist , the 5,000-milligram dosage  2,500 milligrams in each arm  would give rise to a "  virtually nil likelihood " that the inmates would feel the effects of the next two drugs .	John David Duty executed with drug used to euthanize animals because of sedative shortage Pentobarbital is an anesthetizing drug widely used to euthanize dogs , cats and other animals . Duty believed to be first inmate executed using pentobarbital as part of drug cocktail .
CNN  -- Adventurer and TV show host Bear Grylls injured his shoulder in Antarctica during an expedition to raise money for an international charity , the Discovery Channel said Sunday . Bear Grylls , host of "  Man vs. Wild , " was injured in Antarctica during an expedition to raise money for charity . Grylls was injured Friday night after falling during the expedition , which was not for the Discovery Channel , according to the network 's statement . The statement said that Grylls is returning to the UK to receive medical attention . "  Once he sees a doctor , we will have a better sense of the level of seriousness of his shoulder injury and the recovery time needed to get him back to his full physical activity , " according to the statement . Grylls , 34 , is the host of Discovery 's "  Man vs. Wild " in which he demonstrates extreme measures -- including eating snakes and insects -- used to survive in harsh environmental conditions . In his blog , Grylls said the aim of his expedition in Antarctica -- sponsored by Ethanol Venture -- is "  to promote alternative energies and their potential . " "  We will be using lots of different forms of alternative power , including wind-powered kite-skiing , part bio-ethanol powered jetskis and inflatable boats , electric-powered paragliders , solar - and wind-powered base camps -- and good old foot work , " Grylls wrote in a November 14 entry . Grylls is a former member of the British Special Forces and has broken his back in several places during his service . In his blog , he said he and his wife Shara are expecting their third child in January .	Adventurer and TV show host Bear Grylls injured his shoulder Grylls was in Antarctica on an expedition for charity Host going to UK for treatment , Discovery Channel says
CNN  -- Massacres such as Newtown are horrifying and heart-rending . They are also nothing like the typical American gun murder . The typical murder has one victim , not many . The typical murder is committed with a handgun , not a rifle . And in the typical murder , both the perpetrator and the victim are young black men . Blacks are six times as likely as whites to be the victim of a homicide . Blacks are seven times as likely to commit a homicide . The horrifying toll of gun violence on black America explains why black Americans are so much more likely than whites to favor gun control . Conversely , fears of being victimized by violence explain why so many white Americans -- especially older and more conservative white Americans -- insist on the right to bear arms in self-protection . They see gun violence as something that impinges on them from the outside . They do n't blame guns for gun violence . They blame a particular subset of the population . And they do n't see why they should lose their right because some subset of the population abuses theirs . A writer I greatly admire , Rod Dreher , an independent-minded conservative , gives voice to such feelings in an article posted this weekend on the American Conservative website . Dreher expresses himself forcefully and frankly . That frankness should be welcomed , because the more clearly a mistaken idea is put , the faster we can reach a better understanding . Dreher wrote : "  Yesterday the Baton Rouge Advocate published a lengthy analysis of the 2012 murder stats in the city . Take a look at this PDF of one of the inside pages . Last year , 83 people died by homicide in Baton Rouge . Of that number , 87 % were black , and 87 % were male . Two-thirds had been in trouble with the law before , and one-third had been in trouble with the law for drugs . The median age of victims : 26 . "  Of the perpetrators , the median age was 22 . Get this : 96 % of them were black , and 90 % were male . Almost two-thirds had previous arrests . One out of four had a drug record . "  Most of the murders took place in the poorest parts of the city . "  What can we learn from these statistics ? That murder in Baton Rouge is almost entirely about young black men from the poor part of town killing other young black men from the poor part of town . It 's mostly a matter of thugs killing thugs . " If you look at the world that way , gun control must seem a pointless diversion from the real problem : not guns , but one particular group of gun owners . Somebody else 's problem . But life is not so neatly separated . Guns offer equal opportunity tragedies . More than 8,000 white Americans had to be treated for nonfatal gun injuries in 2008 . Eighty percent of those who commit suicide with a gun are white males . The gun that the suburban family buys to protect itself from "  thugs killing thugs " ends up killing its own : One important new study finds that a gun kept in the house is 43 times more likely to kill a household member than to be used in self-defense . Thugs killing thugs ? Maybe . But many of those seeming thugs are carrying guns for the same reason that people who consider themselves respectable carry them : in a futile quest to protect themselves with greater firepower . One person can find safety that way . But if two people carry firearms , a confrontation that might otherwise have ended in words or blows ends instead with one man dead , and the other man on his way to prison for life . Louisiana sends more people to prison than any other state , at a total cost of almost 7 % of its state budget . Prison is always expensive , but the incarceration of murderers costs the most , because they remain in prison to the end . The oldest of Louisiana 's prisoners cost the state almost $ 80,000 a year , including their health care . Widespread gun ownership means not only more gun killings , but also more gun maimings and cripplings . The National Rifle Association 's Wayne LaPierre hailed the ability of a "  good guy " with a gun to stop a "  bad guy " with a gun . Sixty seconds later , however , that bad guy may need a wheelchair for life . We ca n't dismiss these human costs as pertaining to only somebody else . They are all part of us . Yet the urge to subdivide runs strong among Americans . Monday on Fox News , the popular conservative commentator Ann Coulter claimed that the murder rate among white Americans is as low as the murder rate in Belgium . "  So perhaps it 's not a gun problem , " she concluded . "  Perhaps it 's a demographic problem . " But countries can not dismiss the sufferings of great blocks of their people by dismissing some "  demographics " as unworthy of attention . If you ignore America 's poor , you can make all kinds of problems disappear from view . Not counting the poor and minorities , the country does not have an obesity epidemic . Not counting the poor and minorities , the United States has perfectly adequate schools . Not counting the poor and minorities , America would have a higher average income . Likewise , not counting hurricanes , America would not have so many natural disasters . Not counting divorces , America would have more intact families . Not counting wars , America would have a smaller public debt . But what 's the point of this exercise ? The people who make up America count as Americans , and their problems count as America 's problems . Their problems do not occur in isolation , but are manifestations of failures to which all Americans contributed together . Those young men in Baton Rouge who are killing each other in such horrific numbers do not manufacture their own guns . They did not organize the gun trade that brings the guns to their town . They did not write the laws that prevent their town government from acting against guns . They carry guns -- and misuse guns -- thanks to a national system of gun regulation that makes guns easily accessible to those least likely to use guns responsibly . The gun laws intended to put guns into the hands of "  good guys " are the laws that also multiply guns in the hands of "  bad guys " -- bad guys who might not have become such bad guys if the guns had not been available to their hands . The price of redefining gun violence as an issue pertaining only to "  those people " -- of casting and recasting the gun statistics to make them less grisly if only "  those people " are toted under some different heading in some different ledger -- the price of that redefinition is to lose our ability to think about the problem at all . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : Typical American gun murder is n't like Newtown massacre He says conservative commentators wrong to distance whites from problem Gun industry , gun laws affect all Americans , Frum says
New York  CNN  -- When US Airways Flight 1549 ditched in the Hudson River and all of its 150 passengers and five crew members were safely rescued in January , the landing of the airplane by pilot Chesley Sullenberger was quickly proclaimed the "  Miracle on the Hudson " and dominated national news for days . A pilot who virtually grew up in airplane cockpits , writer William Langewiesche set out to analyze what happened in the five-minute flight of US Airways 1549 , which lost power in both engines when it collided with a flock of Canada geese . His conclusion after writing a new book "  Fly by Wire " -- there was no miracle . "  I 'm sure Mr. Sullenberger himself would n't have used that word , " Langewiesche said in an interview with CNN . "  There was no miracle . There was extremely skillful flying going on and skillful engineering in the background . You can include the flight attendants and the passengers . ... There was a lot of altruism , kind of a bravery , soberness . They were not hysterical , and there was no stampeding . "  Many good things happened , but they all related to the individual strength of the people involved . That includes -LSB- Bernard -RSB- Ziegler -LSB- the designer of the aircraft -RSB- , Sullenberger , -LSB- co-pilot Jeffrey -RSB- Skiles and Patrick Harten , the air traffic controller -- he was as good as it gets , offering alternatives , the backing off of alternatives , staying cool . " Langewiesche , international editor for Vanity Fair and author of six other books , was drawn to the story because it allowed him to use it as a window to tell the tale of the aircraft , the Airbus A320 , a controversial plane built with digital controls that rein in pilots who exceed safe flying limits . "  Within the limits of physics and structural science , " Langewiesche writes , "  Ziegler and his colleagues identified the wrinkles of conventional handling and mostly ironed them out . The result in the A320 is the product of a genius -- an airplane that is ... exquisitely wrought , a delight to handle , and extraordinarily easy to fly . " It also allowed Langewiesche to describe the economic squeeze that has affected pilots as airlines have come under tremendous pressure to lower fares and reduce costs . Just one example described in the book -- Sullenberger had seen his salary cut 40 percent and his retirement pension destroyed through airline bankruptcies and cutbacks . Sullenberger , for his part , has been critical of Langewiesche 's book , saying it makes too much of the aircraft 's automation . In an interview with The New York Times , Sullenberger said , "  There are some situations where the automation will protect a pilot , but at the same time a highly automated airplane makes possible other types of errors , so it 's a mixed blessing . And greater knowledge is required to fly a highly automated aircraft . " CNN spoke with Langewiesche this week . CNN : What got you interested in the story ? William Langewiesche : I realized that because this airplane is the A320 , which is a revolutionary plane , not just any airplane , the story of the A320 is in many ways the story of the modern airline industry of the last 20 , 30 or 40 years . CNN : How did you become a pilot ? Langewiesche : My father was a well-known aviator and writer . I got my first flying job when I was 18 ; I worked my way through college flying airplanes . My father was a German immigrant , an anti-Nazi who came here before the beginning of the war ... who became a test pilot for the U.S. Navy . CNN : What 's it like to fly an A320 ? Langewiesche : It all relates to flight control characteristics and how the stick feels in your hand . ... The attitude or the pitch of the airplane stays where you put it , it 's an airplane that responds in an extremely docile manner to the control stick when it 's flown by hand . ... The airplane was very controversial in the early 1980s , especially in France . The unions really resented it ; it was because of flight envelope protections that kick in when the plane goes where a normal airline pilot will never go . ... The airplane will take over , and it will override the pilot , and philosophically that 's a really provocative thing to do . CNN : Did the flight envelope protection kick in during the landing in the Hudson ? Langewiesche : It was sort of a normal flight until the challenge of the flare itself , when the nose rises just before touchdown , that was a different flare for various reasons . For one thing it was done with no power , no thrust . ... Also the landing gear was up . So at the very end in the flare , in the last two seconds or three seconds , it went into alpha protection , it got into the protection zone . The airplane lowered its own nose . It happened so late in the flare that my gut feeling is that it was kind of irrelevant , that the inertia of the airplane was going to dominate the landing and so it probably does n't matter . CNN : Sullenberger 's flying ability was widely praised . Was that justified ? Langewiesche : Of course , it 's justified . The thing that was most important about it was the concentration he brought -- the intense concentration on what was important . Other people could have been distracted . It did n't happen in this case . He was intensely focused on making the right decision . CNN : What was the most important decision he made ? Langewiesche : The decision he made to go into the water as opposed to trying to return to LaGuardia -LSB- Airport -RSB- . While in most simulations conducted after the fact , pilots were able to get back to the airport safely , he made the right decision . In the real world , that would have been an unacceptable crapshoot . Obviously , calling it a miracle is silly . In a way to use the word miracle is to insult what they did -- skilled flying in an extremely competent airplane . CNN : Why was the A320 so controversial ? Langewiesche : The role of the pilot had been downsized . And with deregulation , the salary of the pilot had been downsized . So when this technology came in it was kind of coming in in that context . That 's why the French saw it as such an attack on their professional future . There had also been a global shift in the industry to two-pilot crews . The flight engineer position had been eliminated through automation . The emotions that this airplane produced still linger . No one 's going to be flying pilotless airliners anytime soon . It 's technically possible , and the U.S. flies drones in Afghanistan ... but obviously that 's not the future of airlines in a dense traffic world with the public aboard . CNN : Is automation the reason for the downsizing of pilots ? Langewiesche : We 're not looking at technology as the reason for the decline of pilots . It 's because of deregulation . The public demands cheap tickets . There was a time , a glorious interval , when airline pilots were paid a lot of money and there was still prestige associated with the job ... but after deregulation everything changed . CNN : How important is the pilot to safety ? Langewiesche : Pilots , of course , are central . Without the pilot , forget about it . The aircraft 's not going to land itself on the Hudson River . In day-to-day operations the pilot is central to flight safety -- the relationship between that and salary is a whole different question . CNN : Should people be concerned about the effect of the lower salaries ? Langewiesche : If you look at new pilots coming in now , these guys are as competent as the older guys , and they 're being paid a lot less money . The standard correlation between how much you 're paid and how good you are , I would question that . CNN : The book quotes a National Transportation Study Board study of the most lethal 50 percent of U.S. airline accidents from 1983 through 2000 . It found that 86 percent of the occupants survived . Would n't most people find that surprising ? Langewiesche : The problem is that the accidents that get the most attention are the ones that kill the most people -- with this one being an exception . CNN : What advice do you have for maximizing your chances of survival ? Langewiesche : This thing we hear so repetitively -- it 's actually the safety briefing on a plane , which is probably a pretty good guide to it . Where are the exits , how do the life rafts work ; it 's probably all a passenger needs to know . And by the way , airline accidents are very , very rare . Let 's face it , airlines are extremely safe , specifically because of the contributions of the people involved in this success story -- the pilots , the engineers , the flight controllers , the flight attendants . These are the agents of the public 's safety at work . CNN : Sullenberger has criticized your book , saying it places too much emphasis on the plane 's automated systems . Langewiesche : There 's no quarrel at all . The book elevates legitimately and correctly what Mr. Sullenberger and Mr. Skiles did as pilots . ... Without those two pilots in the cockpit , doing the job they did , people would not have survived . Clearly , they were flying a fly-by-wire airplane , and that 's part of the story . I never imply that , had they been flying a 737 , things would have been worse . That would be highly speculative and silly . I 'm writing about what did happen . There 's no argument here from my side .	The safe landing of Flight 1549 was hailed as the "  Miracle on the Hudson " Author William Langewiesche says there was no miracle Author says the skill of the crew , engineering of the plane made a difference Langewiesche : Airbus A320 is controversial , especially with French pilots
CNN  -- Two airmen were found dead in the Pacific Ocean and rescuers were trying to find four others after a U.S. Air Force B-52 crashed off the island of Guam on Monday , the Air Force said . The B-52H Stratofortress , like this one , was in Guam as part of a four-month rotation . Rescuers found the bodies about 30 miles northwest of Guam , not far from where the bomber was believed to have crashed at about 9:45 a.m. local time , the Air Force said . One of the dead airmen was identified , but the identity was withheld pending family notification , the Air Force said . Search crews have found no survivors , but they are still looking , said Lt. Elizabeth Buendia , a spokeswoman for the U.S. Coast Guard in Guam , which is a U.S. territory . The B-52H Stratofortress had six airmen aboard and was on a training mission when it crashed , the Air Force said . It was scheduled to fly over crowds celebrating Liberation Day , which commemorates the U.S. capture of Guam from Japan in 1944 , the Air Force said . The bomber was based at Barksdale Air Force Base in Louisiana but was at Guam 's Andersen Air Force Base as part of a four-month rotation , said Capt. Joel Stark , an Andersen Air Force Base spokesman . No weapons or munitions were aboard the aircraft and information on what led to the crash was n't available , the Air Force said . In February , a B-2 stealth bomber crashed shortly after takeoff from Andersen Air Force Base . Two crew members ejected and were in good condition afterward .	NEW : Bodies of two airmen found in Pacific Ocean ; four other airmen sought A U.S. Air Force B-52 with six airmen crashed off the island of Guam Rescuers search a point in the Pacific about 30 miles northwest of Guam The B-52H Stratofortress was based at Barksdale Air Force Base in Louisiana
CNN  -- Forget the immensely powerful car or the wealth of up-to-the-minute gadgets at his disposal , if Felipe Massa drives to Formula One glory this season it 'll be thanks to his lucky pants . The Brazilian , who drives for the Ferrari team , came agonizingly close to taking his first ever world title in 2008 but was pipped to the post by Briton Lewis Hamilton on the final lap of the final race of the season . The following year he was lucky to survive after being hit on the head by a stray suspension spring that had flown from a rival 's car during qualifying for the Hungarian Grand Prix . But in 2011 he is hoping for no more obstacles as he guns for the world crown , with the help of his underwear . "  I have special underwear which I race in most of the time , " he told CNN . " -LSB- I wear them -RSB- just for the Saturday and Sunday I do n't wash but , two days , what 's the problem ? " Massa replied . His superstitions do n't end there . He always lands on his right foot when he gets out of bed in the morning and makes sure the same foot enters his car first before a race . "  I think the superstition is just something that is inside your brain , " he explained . "  For sure , you would win because you have the underwear or because you are happy or whatever . "  You win because you are doing the best job , but inside your brain it is important to have everything clean and everything ready and that 's why sporting people are superstitious . " With some impressive pre-season testing sessions under his belt many pundits are tipping Massa to muscle his way into the title reckoning in 2011 , so could this finally be his year ? "  Yes , I believe in my speed , I believe in the way I drive and I believe I can win many races and the championship . I think that 's very important to have inside your brain , to be stronger and stronger all the time . "  And I know if I have all the possibilities and everything that is automatically for my driving style , for the way I drive I can be there . " After persistent problems with his car last season Massa thinks the new Pirelli tires to be used in the forthcoming campaign will benefit his racing style . "  Most of the problems I had last year should be alright for this year because the tires are much softer , to get the temperature in the tires it will be easier , so I expect not to have this problem , but we are a little bit early to say that . "  I like the tires , for sure . They 're very different from last year , so maybe we are going to have more pit-stops because otherwise after some laps you are struggling a lot on the tires . So it 's a big change for the championship , it 's a big strategy change , but I enjoy it , " he said . Massa also rejects the oft-repeated notion that if he is to clinch a world title he will have to leave Ferrari in order to do so . "  I do n't think so , " he said . "  I think I 'm in a top team , it 's important to have a top car and if I have that I will fight to the maximum level to be the champion . "  Ferrari is just the top in motorsport , it is a dream car on the road , for sure it is the most important thing . When you drive for a team like Ferrari it really is a dream come true . " Massa showed courage to climb back into a Formula One car just ten weeks after his life-threatening crash in Hungary but he insists he never dwells on what might have been . "  I never dream about the accident , " he said . "  What is important to say is that it was not my time . I believe in God , I am Catholic , so I 'm sure it was not my time , it was a not the moment to go to a different life . "  There 's nothing to say about that . When it 's not your time , you know , you stay here . "	Formula One driver Felipe Massa speaks to CNN about his superstitions Brazilian wears the same underpants for qualifying and for the grand prix Massa is hoping to clinch the world title for Ferrari this season He narrowly missed out in 2008 and was seriously injured in 2009
CNN  -- After weeks of relative calm , clashes erupted between supporters of ousted President Mohamed Morsy and Egyptian security forces and local residents in several areas in Cairo , state media outlets reported . Additonally , pro-Morsy and anti-Morsy protesters clashed in other Egyptian cities . Three people died and 23 were hurt in Zeitoun , in western Cairo , and one person was killed and 17 injured in Manial in central Cairo , according to state media . The violence came during a pro-Morsy march in Cairo . Since Morsy 's ouster and detention in July , his supporters have taken to the streets most Fridays . His supporters were unable to reach Tahrir Square and the presidential palace , according to state-run Al-Ahram . Morsy 's son : ` Dad , you are the legitimate leader ' Compared with violence in August that claimed hundreds of lives , the latest clashes appeared almost minor . On Friday , an anti-Morsy politician was stabbed in Cairo . It was n't clear whether the attack was tied to the protests . State media reported that Khaled Dawoud sustained stab wounds to his chest and hand . Dawoud resigned from the government in August in protest of the bloody crackdown on Muslim Brotherhood supporters . The unrest came amid reports on state media concerning the fate of 170 imprisoned members of the Muslim Brotherhood . Nile TV reported that this group , including a former governor , will be held for 15 more days for further investigation . It was not clear how long this group had been held or on what charges . Since July , arrests and violence have been commonplace . In September , an Egyptian court banned all activities of the Muslim Brotherhood and froze its finances , drawing complaints from the international community . At the United Nations last week , Egypt 's interim foreign minister sought to quell these concerns . Nabil Fahmy said Egypt will hold elections in the spring . He also argued that the political process is open to all "  as long as they are committed to the renunciation of violence and terrorism and acts of incitement to them . " CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	NEW : State media report four deaths , 40 injuries Anti-Morsy politician was stabbed , according to state media State media : Clashes broke out between pro-Morsy protesters and security forces in Cairo Skirmishes between pro-Morsy and anti-Morsy protesters occurred in two other locations
CNN  -- Less than two months before the world focuses on Russia for the Sochi Olympics , President Vladimir Putin is handing out "  get out of jail free " cards . A new amnesty law introduced by Putin allowed two members of Russian punk band Pussy Riot to leave prison on Monday , two months before the end of their two-year sentences for a performance critical of the President . In addition , 30 Greenpeace demonstrators could go free under the amnesty law passed by Russian lawmakers last week that could affect 25,000 prisoners . Putin also pardoned former oil tycoon and Kremlin critic Mikhail Khodorkovsky , who had been jailed since 2003 and was convicted in 2005 of tax evasion and fraud . It all is part of a public relations offensive by Putin , who has solidified his political dominance in Russia and now seeks to improve the country 's image ahead of the Olympic Games that begin February 7 in the Black Sea city of Sochi . The amnesty law and the Khodorkovsky release "  are to a certain extent tied to the upcoming Olympics , " said CNN Foreign Affairs Correspondent Jill Dougherty . Russia 's international image has suffered from an anti-gay law passed under Putin , with threats of protests and boycotts at the Olympics over its bans on "  homosexual propaganda . " In addition , the jailing of Khodorkovsky harmed foreign investment in Russia because it smacked of political repression , Dougherty noted . "  Russia wants to improve its image and increase investment in the country , " she said , adding that Khodorkovsky 's imprisonment "  caused some businesses to think twice about " getting involved in Russia . Russia has faced international criticism for its treatment of Khodorkovsky , once Russia 's richest man , with countries including the United States accusing it of "  selective prosecution " and abuse of the legal system . He became both a political and economic threat to Putin by wanting to create a commercial oil pipeline that would break the government monopoly on the industry and by funding opposition politicians , Dougherty said . Khodorkovsky , who was due for release next year , wrote Putin a letter from prison that asked for early release because his mother was ailing . He insisted the letter contained no admission of guilt , and Putin said the pardon was on humanitarian grounds . Upon his release , Khodorkovsky left the country and has said he wo n't continue his political activities against the Russian government . "  Putin really believes that he 's basically crushed the opposition , that he does n't have to worry about them anymore , " Dougherty said , calling the move a commentary on Russian society that now has relative political stability after major anti-government demonstrations in 2011 . "  He may well think that he 's had some victory over the opposition . " The government linked the new amnesty law to the anniversary of the 1993 adoption of Russia 's post-Communist constitution . However , the Pussy Riot performers , Maria Alyokhina and Nadezhda Tolokonnikova , called it a publicity stunt aimed at improving Russia 's image ahead of the Sochi Games . "  President Putin obviously used this amnesty option to  brighten  up his image before the Olympic games , " said Pyotr Verzilov , the husband of Tolokonnikova . "  Two months out of the almost two years that the girls have served is not much , " he said . "  So the effect of this amnesty for Maria and Nadezhda is not really felt . " Pussy Riot 's 2012 performance of a "  punk prayer " at a Russian Orthodox cathedral criticized Putin , who was prime minister at the time . The musicians were found guilty of hooliganism . According to Russian media , Alyokhina and Tolokonnikova qualified for amnesty under the new law because they have young children . The Pussy Riot case made headlines around the world , as did the anti-gay law passed in July that banned "  propaganda of nontraditional sexual relations around minors . " It bars the public discussion of gay rights and relationships anywhere children might hear it -- and has been condemned by Russian and international rights groups as highly discriminatory . Critics say it is so vague that wearing a rainbow t-shirt or holding hands in public with someone of the same sex could bring prosecution . Last week , Putin defended the new law as necessary to defend the conservative Russian society from "  values which are received in a difficult way by our citizens . " Asked about the issue by CNN 's Dougherty at a news conference , Putin said the law was n't about criticizing anyone , but instead involved "  protecting us from rather aggressive behavior from some social groups who , in my opinion , are trying to impose their points of view in a rather aggressive way . " In an apparent jab at the anti-gay laws , the United States announced last week that its delegation to the Winter Olympics will include openly gay athletes such as tennis legend Billie Jean King and hockey player Caitlin Cahow . No member of President Barack Obama 's family or current Cabinet will attend . CNN 's Jethro Mullen , Diana Magnay , Alla Eshchenko , Laura Smith-Spark , Jason Hanna and Yousuf Basil contributed to this report .	Pussy Riot band members go free under new amnesty law A former oil tycoon and political opponent gets pardoned Putin wants to improve Russia 's image and promote investment The Russian President believes he has crushed the opposition
Fine wine , fashion , long lunches and secular laws -- the answer to what France is all about depends on who you ask . As part of CNN 's special iList coverage of France , anchor Hala Gorani is hosting a panel on national identity in Paris as part of iList , CNN 's series looking at France . Hala will speak to some of the country 's leading minds about the future of France , the strength of French business , what makes the country competitive and which way its culture is headed . The high-profile panelists include Pierre-Henri Gourgeon , CEO of Air France and KLM , Dominique Senequier , CEO of AXA Private Equity , Claudie Haignere , a former astronaut and former Minister for European Affairs , and Ahmed el Kheiy , a journalist and TV presenter . Watch the panel discuss these issues on Saturday 20 February : 1930 GMT | 2030 CET | 1430 ET The guests tackle the topics of diversity , tolerance and the role France should play in Europe . Some believe that France weathered the financial crisis better than any of its Continental neighbors , while others said that inefficient tax laws and rigidity in labor markets were holding the world 's fifth largest economy back . Has President Sarkozy put the country on a better track ? Are France 's socialist roots being dug up ? Are the French ready to elect their own Obama ? And what about cheese , bread and art ? Can France culturally maintain its pre-eminence ?	CNN asks experts about the meaning of French identity How will France stay competitive in the global market ? Watch the panel discuss these issues on Saturday 20 : 1930 GMT , 2030 CET | 1430 ET
Stephenville , Texas  CNN  No one disputes that Eddie Ray Routh shot and killed Chris Kyle and another man . But his attorneys wanted to convince a jury he was n't sane when he did so . It took Texas jurors less than three hours to deliver their verdict : They were n't buying it . The jury found Routh guilty of capital murder in the deaths of Kyle , the author of the best-seller "  American Sniper , " and Kyle 's friend Chad Littlefield . Judge Jason Cashon immediately sentenced Routh to life in prison without the possibility of parole in the capital murder conviction . "  We 've waited two years for God to get justice for us on behalf of our son and , as always , God has proved to be faithful , " said Judy Littlefield , the victim 's mother . "  We 're so thrilled that we have the verdict that we have tonight . " Jurors deliberating the case had three choices : guilty , not guilty or not guilty by reason of insanity . No one disputed that Routh shot and killed the men . But defense attorneys said Routh was insane . Prosecutors dismissed that assertion outright . "  Ladies and gentleman , that is not insanity . That is just cold , calculated capital murder . He is guilty of capital murder . He is not in any way insane , " said prosecutor Jane Starnes during closing arguments . Earlier versions of this report incorrectly described the military background of Chad Littlefield , who was killed with Chris Kyle . Littlefield was not a veteran . She said Routh knew the difference between right and wrong . Suspect 's confession played at trial Starnes urged jurors to "  follow the law , " allowing it to guide them "  to the true and correct verdict . " For its part , the defense pointed to Routh 's long history of mental illness . "  He killed those men because he had a delusion . He believed in his mind that they were going to kill him , " attorney J. Warren St. John said . Lawyer : Kyle called Routh ` straight-up nuts ' in text Routh 's trial comes in the wake of the release of the film about Kyle , a former Navy SEAL who claimed to be the deadliest sniper in U.S. history , with 160 confirmed kills in Iraq . "  American Sniper , " directed by Clint Eastwood and starring Bradley Cooper , is already the highest-grossing war movie . Kyle 's autobiography by the same name spent weeks on best-seller lists . He had already risen to fame through his book when he died and had been involved in charitable work to help former troops suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder . On February 2 , 2013 , Kyle and his friend , Littlefield , took Routh to a firing range as a kind of therapy . The range is a small , remote part of the sprawling 11,000-acre Rough Creek Lodge , and the men were isolated . A hunting guide found Kyle , 38 , and Littlefield , 35 , motionless and called 911 . The men were dead when officers arrived . What 's never been clear is why Routh killed Kyle and Littlefield , but there have been a series of confusing and incoherent explanations for Routh 's motives . Kyle apparently sensed tension as he and Littlefield drove the former U.S. Marine to the gun range . Kyle secretly texted Littlefield , sitting next to him in a pickup , to say Routh was "  straight-up nuts . " Yet Routh has never revealed a clear reason in the fatal shootings . Kyle was shot four times in the back and once in the face . Littlefield was shot five times in the back . Gene Cole worked as an officer in the Erath County Jail , where Routh has been held since his arrest in the killings . Cole testified he heard Routh talk about the shootings four months after they took place . "  I heard Mr. Routh say , ' I shot them because they would n't talk to me . I was just riding in the back seat of the truck and nobody would talk to me . They were just taking me to the range so I shot them . I feel bad about it , but they would n't talk to me . I 'm sure they 've forgiven me , ' " Cole said . In May 2013 , Routh provided another explanation in a phone interview he did from jail with New Yorker magazine writer Nicholas Schmidle . Portions of the recorded conversation were played for the jury . Routh described being annoyed with Kyle and Littlefield as they made the 90-minute drive from his home to the countryside gun range . Routh did n't trust the Navy SEAL and his friend after their first meeting , he told Schmidle . But his rationale was perplexing . Routh complained about the smell of the air that day . "  It smelled like sh -- , " Routh said . "  It smelled like sweet cologne . I guess it was love and hate , you know . I was smelling love and hate . They were giving me some love and hate . " CNN 's Ed Lavandera and Jason Morris reported from Stephenville , Texas . Ed Payne and Dana Ford reported and wrote from Atlanta .	The jury reaches a verdict in capital murder case in a few hours Eddie Ray Routh sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole
CNN  -- North and South Korea have agreed to hold working-level military talks at the truce village of Panmunjom next week , the Ministry of Defense said Tuesday . In the talks , scheduled for February 8 , the South will demand that Pyongyang take responsibility for last year 's military provocations , the ministry said last month . Higher-level military talks will only be held if the North promises to refrain from further provocations . The Seoul government also has proposed holding inter-Korean talks between high-ranking government officials to discuss denuclearization , something the North has not yet agreed to . North Korea cut off direct contact with the South on May 26 to protest Seoul 's response to the March sinking of a South Korean naval ship . South Korea has blamed North Korea for the attack , which killed 46 sailors . Pyongyang denies any involvement in the sinking of the Cheonan . Tensions rose again in November , when North Korea shelled South Korea 's Yeonpyeong Island , killing two South Korean marines and two civilians . North Korea said the strike was in response to the South 's navy firing into Northern waters .	The working-level military talks are scheduled for February 8 Higher-level military talks will only be held if North Korea promises to refrain from further provocations South Korea also would like to hold talks on denuclearization . The North has not agreed to them .
CNN  -- He 's tweaked defense attorneys that potential jurors should be brought in from homeless shelters to boost diversity , sternly chastised lawyers for talking over one another , and pushed against having jury members continually shuttled in and out "  like a Pop-Tart . " In the weeks and months leading to Casey Anthony 's murder trial , Orange County Superior Court Chief Judge Belvin Perry Jr. has proven colorful , quick and -- above all -- in command . "  I know what is relevant , " he said earlier this spring , in proceedings leading up to Tuesday 's opening arguments . "  I have never been shy in not speaking up . " After swearing in a 12-member jury and five alternates early Friday evening , which followed an 11-day selection process in Pinellas County -- the off-site location mandated by the judge , in hopes of drawing from more people who were n't biased by intense media coverage -- the 61-year-old will return next week to his native Orlando to preside over Anthony 's trial . Perry will then , as he has in his past 21 years as a judge , keep attorneys in line , resolve legal issues quickly and help jurors develop a clear understanding of the law and this specific case . That jury will decide whether to convict or acquit Anthony on aggravated child abuse , aggravated manslaughter , misleading law enforcement and capital murder -- a charge that , if there is a conviction , could lead to a death sentence . Yet , while he has been an institution in central Florida legal circles for years , this trial marks Perry 's coming-out party for many around the country . Already in the Anthony case , he has dealt with his share of testy , controversial and complicated matters , often while flashing his quick wit and easy grin . "  Judge Perry is a good judge , " a veteran Florida attorney Brad Conway , who had represented Casey Anthony 's parents , told CNN last year . "  He knows the law . " In a sense , he was born into the law . His father , Belvin Perry Sr. , and another man -- Richard Jones -- were the first two African-American officers hired , in January 1951 , by the Orlando police . At that time , Florida was still segregated . Yet the elder Perry remained on the job , becoming the city 's first black plainclothes detective , according to the police department . He was still on patrol when he retired in 1976 , dying 19 years later . "  A lot of pressure was on those two men , because if they failed , someone would have said they told them so , " Belvin Perry Jr. said in a July 2010 ceremony unveiling statues of the elder Perry and Jones , as shown in a video on the Orlando police department 's website . "  Without trailblazers , there would be no path for us to travel today . " Belvin Perry Sr. never graduated from high school , according to a feature obituary in the Orlando Sentinel , yet he fathered five children who went onto become a school principal , store owner , surgeon , lawyer and judge . Later , Perry Jr. credited his father with helping shape his patient , engaging style from the bench -- especially the importance of listening to others and carefully processing information first before coming to a decision . "  Always wait until you hear everything before you come up with a conclusion -- particularly before you open your mouth , " the son told CNN affiliate WESH . Still , the younger Perry was not always destined to be a judge . After earning his bachelor 's degree in history from Tuskegee University in 1972 , Perry spent another two years at the Alabama school getting his master 's in education . It was then that he moved onto Texas Southern University for his third degree -- in law -- at the Thurgood Marshall School of Law . The Orlando native established his bonafides early as a prosecutor in Florida 's ninth circuit . In 1989 , he moved behind the bench by becoming a circuit judge in Osceola County . By 1992 , he 'd moved back to Orange County and -- three years later -- was tapped as chief judge . In 2011 , judges on the Sunshine state 's ninth circuit again unanimously voted Perry to an eighth term in that post . That puts him in charge of 65 judges in Orange and Osceola counties through at least 2013 . In his time on the bench , Perry has presided over numerous murder trials and high-profiles cases . In 2002 , for instance , he ruled against prosecutors when he refused to compel employees of a drug treatment center to testify about an incident in which then-Florida Gov. Jeb Bush 's daughter , Noelle , was allegedly found to have a small amount of crack cocaine . More recently , he ruled against defense attorneys ' in their bid to restrict the media 's coverage during the Casey Anthony trial . "  We do n't live in Egypt . We do n't live in Libya , " Perry said . "  There 's a thing called the First Amendment . Whether we like it or not , it 's in the Constitution . " Yet despite his preeminent legal standing in Orlando County -- where , police say , Anthony killed her two-year-old daughter Caylee , put the girl 's body in her trunk and disposed of it , then misled investigators -- Perry initially was not supposed to be on the case . He came on in April 2010 , after Judge Stan Strickland stepped down after the defense accused him of being a "  self-aggrandizing media hound " who is biased against Anthony . In recent months , defense attorneys have raised various objections -- which Perry , for the most part has overruled -- calling for a slower pace to the case , asking the judge to exclude certain evidence and challenging the diversity of the jury pool . Yet compared to the atmosphere with Strickland , there have been no personal barbs or accusations that Perry is doing anything but trying to adhere to the law , as he sees it . This is not surprising , according to lawyers quoted in several media reports around Florida and others , who say Perry can be counted on to be timely , deliberative and fair . "  He 's going to make a conscious , well-developed legal decision in good faith based on what he 's heard , one way or another , " Jeff Deen , a Florida lawyer , told WESH . Conway recalled , during his first appearance before Perry years ago , being invited into chambers and being given two rules : "  One , the train leaves at 8:30 a.m. Be on it . Two , be prepared . " Conway said that Perry assured him , "  If you follow those two rules , you 'll be fine . " Watch Nancy Grace Monday through Sunday starting at 8 p.m. ET on HLN . For the latest from Nancy Grace click here .	Chief Judge Belvin Perry Jr. is the presiding judge in Casey Anthony 's murder trial Anthony is accused of murdering her daughter Caylee , among other charges Perry 's father was one of the first two black officers on the Orlando police force Perry has been elected chief judge in Orange County by his peers eight times
CNN  -- The Yemen-based arm of the al Qaeda terrorist network claimed responsibility Friday for last week 's plot to send explosive devices on cargo planes bound for the United States . Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , which had been suspected in the plot , posted its claim on various radical Islamist websites , saying , "  We will continue to strike blows against American interests and the interest of America 's allies . " The statement also claimed the group is responsible for the crash of a UPS cargo plane in Dubai , United Arab Emirates , on September 3 . Investigators said earlier this month they had failed to turn up any evidence that terrorism was involved in that crash , which killed the two pilots aboard , according to a U.S. government official . About 45 minutes after UPS Flight 6 departed Dubai International Airport for Cologne , Germany , the crew declared an emergency due to smoke in the cockpit . They asked to return to Dubai , but shortly before the plane could get to the airport it crashed . Officials in the United Arab Emirates have said -- and a U.S. official confirmed -- that the plane 's cockpit voice recorder has been examined and nothing on it indicates an explosion . Explosions have distinctive sound signatures , and that would have been recorded on the device , the official said . The UAE said it has "  eliminated the possibility of an onboard explosion , following a detailed onsite investigation of the wreckage . " A U.S. counterterrorism official said Friday that while "  there are very strong indications that AQAP was responsible for plotting last week 's disrupted cargo plane plot ... we ca n't confirm at this point their claims about the early September incident . " White House counterterrorism chief John Brennan said Sunday that the United States is "  looking very carefully " at the September crash to see if it could be related to the recent terror threat involving cargo aircraft . The latest threat was revealed October 29 when authorities in the United Arab Emirates and Britain found two explosives-laden packages sent from Yemen that were addressed to synagogues in Chicago , Illinois . The statement by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula said that since Western media did not link the September UPS plane crash to the group , "  we decided not to announce it so we could carry on a similar operation . " "  We did that this time using two devices , one of which was sent via the American UPS company and the other via the American FedEx company , " the statement said . The devices , loaded with the powerful explosive PETN , were packed in computer printer toner cartridges and designed to be detonated by a cell phone , a source close to the investigation has said . Friday 's claim of responsibility by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula warned that "  since both operations were successful , we intend to spread the idea to our mujahedeen brothers in the world and enlarge the circle of its application to include civilian aircraft in the West as well as cargo aircraft . " U.S. investigators believe that al Qaeda bombmaker Ibrahim Hasan al-Asiri , 28 , is linked to the packages , according to a federal official who was briefed by authorities . Al-Asiri , who is thought to be in Yemen , is a Saudi who ranked high on Saudi Arabia 's list of most wanted published in February 2009 . He is also believed to be the bomber who designed last year 's failed attempt to blow up a U.S. airliner as it landed in Detroit , Michigan , on December 25 . A U.S. official said that the devices found in the packages last week were very sophisticated and could have exploded in flight , but it was n't clear whether that was the intent . The group 's statement said the devices ' designs "  allow us the opportunity to detonate them in the air or after their arrival to their ultimate destination , and they are designed to pass through all detectors . " The packages were discovered thanks to a tip from Saudi Arabia . Saudi officials provided tracking numbers of the two packages bound for Jewish organizations in the United States , enabling quick tracing to the United Kingdom and Dubai , a source told CNN . Friday 's statement denounced the Saudi assistance in thwarting the plot , saying , "  God has exposed you and showed the world that you are nothing but treacherous agents to the Jews because these bomb packages were headed to Jewish-Zionist temples , and you had to intervene with your treacherous ways to protect them , so may God curse you for being the oppressors . " But two U.S. officials said that the street addresses found on the packages were not the current locations of the synagogues and that the packages were addressed to historical figures from the Crusades and the Spanish Inquisition . After last week 's incidents , U.S. government authorities grounded packages originating from Yemen destined for the United States . Yemen has asked for outside help to thwart terror groups , but the country , the ancestral home of Osama bin Laden , is still used for operations , U.S. officials say . CNN 's Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula says it will spread the package-bomb idea to others The group also says it is responsible for the September crash of a UPS cargo plane Two explosives-laden packages bound for the U.S. were intercepted abroad last week
Cambridge , Massachusetts  CNN  -- Opponents of an Islamic community center and mosque planned to be built near ground zero say it would desecrate hallowed ground . But suspicion has greeted proposed mosque projects in places less hallowed than ground zero -- in Murfreesboro , Tennessee ; Sheboygan , Wisconsin ; Temecula , California ; and elsewhere . This suggests that opposition to mosques is not driven only by sensitivity to the memory of terrorism victims , but also by a growing unease toward Islam , fueled by security fears . Opposition to Islamic centers and mosques in the United States shows remarkable similarities to anti-Islamic movements in Germany , Belgium and the Netherlands , where people also have sought to prohibit new mosques . Last December in Switzerland , citizens voted in a referendum to prohibit new minarets . Another trait shared by anti-Islamic movements on both sides of the Atlantic is that they increasingly justify their opposition by arguing that Islam is not a religion . For example , in his campaign preceding Holland 's recent elections , extreme right-wing parliamentarian Geert Wilders repeatedly argued that Islam is a political ideology . Tennessee Lt. Gov. Ron Ramsey , in his failed gubernatorial bid , suggested that the freedom of religion enshrined in the First Amendment might not apply to Muslims . "  You could even argue whether being a Muslim is actually a religion , or is it a nationality , way of life , a cult , " the Republican candidate told an audience in Murfreesboro . Disturbingly , these assertions are often embraced by people looking to justify their intolerance . Counterclaims and evidence from religious leaders , intellectuals , government officials and others have little impact on this misperception . Why is Islam no longer considered a religion ? American and European debate on Islam often revolves around the question of whether Islam is compatible with Western-style democracy and values . But because many Westerners associate Islam with al Qaeda , Palestinian militant groups and Iranian theocracy , they have a constricted , one-dimensional view of a faith that is multifaceted and complex . No doubt , some political groups are at war with certain Muslim regimes like those in Saudi Arabia , Egypt or Pakistan , and with the West . But some Westerners see the threat from terrorists who are driven by ideology and politics as a threat from a culture and religion . Those people who were already suspicious of Islam can justify their hostility because , instead of a religion , Islam is considered an ideology emanating from Iraq , Afghanistan , Somalia , Turkey and the rest of the Muslim world to threaten the West . It 's worth noting that we did not seek to explain the violence and terrorism of Northern Ireland through the lens of Catholicism and Protestantism only ; nobody scoured the Bible for verses about violence and war . Observers , instead , cited political , economic and historic factors to explain the conflict . By the same token , no one would argue that Gush Emunim , or Block of the Faithful , exclusively represents Judaism , or that the murder of abortion doctors represents the essence of Christianity . But when it comes to Islam , ignoring important economic , historical and political factors has become perfectly acceptable . Politicians , pundits and ordinary Americans see Islam -- not political groups using Islamic rhetoric -- as an existential threat to Western secular norms . So , they believe , restraining it justifies extraordinary measures , even those that violate American values and the Constitution -- such as trying to ban mosques . How did this collusion between politics and culture happen ? It would be misleading to think that this perception is new . It has existed since Colonial times at least , and remains prevalent because it taps into images and memories intrinsic to the historical consciousness of Western politicians and intellectuals . Scholarly literature often echoes stereotypical images of Islam and Muslims , such as women in burqas or bearded fanatics with bulging eyes shouting slogans . In some cases , headlines come directly from titles in academic journals and books : "  The Muslims Are Coming ! The Muslims Are Coming ! "  Pipes , 1990  , "  The Roots of Muslim Rage "  Lewis , 1990  , "  Terror , Islam , and Democracy "  Boroumand and Boroumand , 2002  , "  The Crisis of Islam : Holy War and Unholy Terror "  Lewis , 2003  or "  Onward Muslim Soldiers : How Jihad Still Threatens America and the West "  Spencer , 2002  . When Europeans were building new political principles based on the sovereignty of the people , they defined them in opposition to their most powerful political neighbor of the time : the Ottoman Empire . "  Oriental societies " were represented as simply the negative counterpart of Western societies . Islam and Muslims became the typical "  Other . " We seem to need to exist in opposition to an Other , and in today 's national folklore , Islam plays that role . Not surprisingly , contemporary political Muslim groups across the globe play the same game , manufacturing their legitimacy as a product of opposition to their own Other , the West . It is impossible for societies to completely rid themselves of this polarizing rhetoric . That said , societies differ in the degree to which their political imaginations are subjected to open critical discussion . It is the strength of democracy in the U.S. that such debates can exist , so demonization of the Other wo n't ride roughshod over reason . Muslims have a crucial role to play in these debates . Most Muslims in Europe , the United States and even in parts of the Islamic world view the presence of Islam in the West as a chance to overcome such polarization . Prohibiting mosques does n't advance these society-saving debates , and ca n't reshape our imaginations so that we can one day imagine Islam and Muslims as fellow citizens . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jocelyne Cesari .	Jocelyne Cesari : Opposition to mosques shows a growing unease and fear of Islam Opponents mix up terrorists spouting Islamic rhetoric with the religion , she says Cesari points out Christianity was not blamed for the terrorism during Northern Ireland conflict She says rather than demonize the "  Other , " we must imagine Muslims as fellow citizens
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama is vowing to act on his own due to House inaction on immigration reform that proponents say could help address a wave of undocumented kids crossing the border from Mexico . But there are limits to the power of his pen . Yes , the President can send National Guard troops to the border as some House Republicans insisted at recent congressional hearing on immigration . No , the administration ca n't put immigrant kids "  on a bus like we normally do and send them back down to Guatemala , " as Alabama Republican Rep. Mike Rogers suggested . The children have arrived in droves after fleeing violence and poverty in Central America and are seeking "  permisos " or a pass to stay in America . Thousands are being held in detention facilities as the Obama administration tries to figure out what to do . And while Obama promises "  a new effort to fix as much of our immigration system as I can on my own , without Congress , " Speaker John Boehner and other House Republicans criticize him for being "  intent on going it alone with executive orders that ca n't and wo n't fix these problems . " Boehner has said he intends to sue Obama over how he 's used his executive authority to bypass Congress . Beyond the political back-and-forth , there are some things Obama can and can not do by way of executive action on immigration . What he can do 1 . He can tweak and fine tune existing guidelines on who to prioritize and prosecute in deportation hearings . 2 . Obama can dispatch more border patrol agents as well as members of the National Guard . 3 . And Obama could opt to continue a program for some who were brought to the United States as kids . It is important to note that this program allows them to temporarily stay in the country and work or attend school . It is not a path to legalization . 4 . The President could also continue a practice in some states of using ankle bracelets or weekly mandatory check-ins with immigration officials as an alternative to detention . 5 . And he could move to increase the amount of free legal assistance to immigrants in deportation hearings . "  If the transfer of resources involves moving judges down to that area so they can process the caseload and more asylum officers to conduct interviews with these children then we 're in a zero-sum game , " said Kamal Essaheb , a policy attorney National Immigration Law Center . "  Those resources are being taken away from other areas . We would welcome Congress appropriating more money so everyone can get their day in court and a quick day in court . " What he ca n't do 1 . The president ca n't bar people from applying for political asylum . Those guidelines are set by the United Nations Refugee Convention , which the United States has signed , said Stephen Yale-Loehr , an immigration attorney and professor at Cornell University Law School . 2 . And no , the President ca n't increase the number eligible for green cards because their spouses or parents are U.S. citizens . Such matters are set by law . Though some immigration advocates have argued spouses and children should n't count toward 140,000 limit on employment-based green cards , whether the President can make that kind of change unilaterally is murky territory . 3 . Obama also ca n't just eliminate judicial review for people ordered deported â $ " such a move would violate the Constitution . 4 . Nor can he just load up all undocumented immigrants on a bus and deport them without some sort of legal hearing . That type of action also would violate the law . "  The Constitution says that all persons have due process rights in the U.S. whether they are from another country or the U.S. , " Yale-Loehr said . 5 . And , for those hoping for  or fearing  a blanket executive action legalizing all undocumented immigrants , no the President ca n't do that either . There 's a law for that . "  There are constitutional limits on what the president can do . We have a tripartite government system . The Congress enacts the laws ; the President implements the laws , " Yale-Loehr said . "  The President can not create an immigration policy willy-nilly , whole cloth . He can not create an immigration law . He has to get Congress ' approval to change an immigration law . " Navarette : The right fate for immigrant kids Crossroads of hope and fear : Stories from a desert bus station	Beyond political rhetoric , there are limits on Obama 's powers on immigration The President can prioritize who gets deported , putting violent criminals at the top of the list He can not , as some in the GOP want , put immigrant kids on buses bound for Central America In many cases , the President does have to work with Congress in crafting immigration reforms
CNN  -- The undocumented immigrant population in the United States rose to an estimated 11.7 million in 2012 , up from 11.5 million in 2011 , according to report released by the Pew Research Center Hispanic Trends Project . The number includes those who crossed U.S. borders illegally , as well as those who came in with temporary visas but stayed past their expiration date , Pew said Monday about its estimate , based on U.S. government data . Mark Hugo Lopez , director of Hispanic research at Pew and co-author of the study , says the data available can not point to a particular cause for the increase , but he says the improving U.S. economy could be a factor . According to Pew , in 2007 , there were an estimated 12.2 million undocumented immigrants in the United Sates . The number decreased to 11.3 million by 2009 , breaking a rising trend that had held for two decades . One reason for the decrease could have been the recession . In 2009 , the Center for Immigration Studies , a Washington-based think tank that seeks a "  pro-immigrant , low-immigration vision , " said Census data indicated that more than 1 million undocumented immigrants left the previous year , a departure that began even before the nation 's economy took a turn for the worse . Immigrants from Mexico are still the largest group within the undocumented population -- 52 % as of 2012 -- but the number of recent Mexican immigrants has decreased at higher rates than the general group . That signals a shift in the demographic makeup of those entering illegally into the United States . "  They are coming from all parts of the world other than Mexico . Central American immigrants are a part of that , but so are immigrants from Asia and Europe , " Lopez said . "  The report points to border apprehension trends , too -- the number of Mexicans apprehended at the border by the border patrol is down in the last year or so . " Pew estimated there are now about 6 million Mexican undocumented immigrants in the United States . Lopez said that Southern states such as Georgia and North Carolina have seen an increase in undocumented immigrants because their economies have fared better than California since the 1990s . Texas , a state that weathered the recession better than others , was the only state that did n't see a drop in undocumented immigrants in the past few years . According to Pew , its methodology "  compares a demographic estimate of the number of immigrants residing legally in the country with the total number of immigrants as measured by a survey . " The difference is assumed to be the number of unauthorized immigrants in the survey , a number that is later adjusted for omissions from the survey . The new data could also affect the debate on a potential comprehensive immigration reform which has stalled in the House of Representatives after the Senate approved a bill earlier this year that would provide a path to citizenship to those living here illegally . CNN 's Cindy Y. Rodriguez contributed to this report .	Undocumented immigrant population rose to 11.7 million in 2012 Number represents those who crossed the U.S. borders illegally and those who overstayed their visas States such as Georgia and North Carolina have seen a population increase New numbers could affect the debate on potential comprehensive immigration reform
U.S. officials will review the nation 's lung transplant policy for children , but any change could take up to two years , not enough time to save the life of a 10-year-old Pennsylvania girl who 's already been waiting 18 months for new lungs . United Network for Organ Sharing , a nonprofit that manages the nation 's transplant system under federal contract , agreed to the review Friday , the same day that an urgent request was made by U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius , UNOS spokeswoman Anne Paschke said . But because the review process involves research and public comment and because there 's not enough organ donations for children , the nation 's transplant system wo n't likely be able to save the life of Sarah Murnaghan , who could die within weeks without a transplant of lungs . When pressed on this emerging reality , Paschke stated : "  I do n't have anything additional to add . " Paschke urged more Americans to look at an organ donation website . Paschke added in a subsequent e-mail to CNN : "  With 18 people dying on the wait list every day in this country , the only way to save more lives is with more donors , " she said . "  Just one organ donor can save the lives of up to 8 people . " Sebelius asked for a review of the nation 's transplant system Friday . "  I ask that you pay particular attention to the age categories currently used in lung allocation , and review the policy with the intent of identifying any potential improvements to this policy that would make more transplants available to children , " Sebelius said in a letter to the Organ Procurement and Transplantation Network . Sarah 's struggle has ignited a fight for new rules governing organ donations . She 's been in a Philadelphia hospital for months due to cystic fibrosis that she 's had since birth . Tens of thousands of people have signed a petition on Change.org , and a congressman has called on the Obama administration to take quick action . The girl is eligible for a lung from another child but is n't prioritized for a lung from an adult , under federal rules . With just weeks left , Sarah fights the system for life-saving pair of lungs Sibelius asked for the review of the federal policy in a letter to Dr. John Roberts , board president of the Organ Procurement and Transplantation Network . Sibelius cited the significant disparity in the number of transplantable organs to the number of people in need of an organ , especially among pediatric patients . She also directed the Health Resources and Services Administration Division of Transplantation to consider new approaches for promoting pediatric and adolescent organ donation . "  With 1,819 pediatric patients on organ transplant waitlists and only 852 pediatric organ transplant donors each year , it is especially clear that we can and should , if possible , do more to encourage the public to become registered organ donors , " Sibelius wrote . Sarah is at the top of the list for any pediatric lungs that may become available for transplant in her region . She 's been waiting for 18 months . None have come along . But doctors say modified adult lungs could help save her -- and adult lungs become available much more often . That 's where the rules becomes a problem . Children under age 12 are n't prioritized for adult organs . So Sarah could only get available adult lungs if everyone else waiting for lungs in her region -- no matter how sick they are -- turns them down . Sarah 's mother , Janet Murnaghan , told CNN she was "  shocked " when she learned the rules a couple of weeks ago . Organ donation by the numbers	Transplant policy change could take 2 years ; girl needs lung transplant within weeks Health Secretary Kathleen Sebelius seeks review of lung transplant policy for children Children are n't prioritized for adult lungs Meanwhile , a 10-year-old Pennsylvania girl in need of a lung fights for her life
CNN  -- Operators of a South African gold mine fired 8,100 striking workers after they did not return to work . Some 15,000 workers at Gold Fields Limited 's KDC East mine near Johannesburg had been participating in an on-again , off-again strike since August . Many workers returned to work this week , and the company said it fired those who did not return . The fired workers were given 24 hours -- until Wednesday evening -- to appeal the decision , company spokesman Sven Lunsche said . The line of workers wanting to appeal stretched for a kilometer . The workers at the Gold Fields mine had gone of strike to seek higher pay , the same as workers at several other South Africa mines . The firings at Gold Fields Limited mark the latest incident in a wave of sometimes-violent labor unrest that has wracked South Africa 's mining sector -- the country 's biggest industry -- for nearly two months . Another company , Anglo-American Platinum , fired about 12,000 striking workers who declined to attend disciplinary hearings last week after a three-week walkout . Four people were wounded during clashes between security officers and striking workers at a Gold One mine in September . And police fired on strikers at Lonmin 's Marikana platinum mine in August , killing 34 workers and wounding dozens .	Workers at a Gold Fields Limited mine had been on strike since August Many returned to work this week ; those who did n't are fired The fired workers have 24 hours to appeal
London  CNN  -- The UK government Tuesday blocked the extradition of computer hacker Gary McKinnon to the United States to face trial for what the U.S. government says is the biggest military computer hacking of all time . Home Secretary Theresa May said McKinnon was accused of serious crimes -- but that "  there is also no doubt that he is seriously ill . " The extradition order against McKinnon should be withdrawn because his Asperger syndrome and depressive illness meant "  there is such a high risk of him ending his own life that a decision to extradite would be incompatible with his human rights , " she said . McKinnon has admitted to breaking into computers at NASA and the Pentagon but says he did so to find out if the U.S. government was covering up the existence of UFOs . The 46-year-old has fought a decade-long battle against extradition . The UK director of public prosecutions will now look at whether McKinnon should face trial in a UK court , May said . McKinnon 's mother , Janis Sharp , who has campaigned for years on his behalf , told a news conference it had been "  an emotional roller coaster " but that she was incredibly happy at the result . The decision to block extradition saved her son 's life , she said . He cried when he first heard the ruling but she had now seen him smile "  for the first time in years . " Sharp also praised May for "  an incredibly brave decision -- to stand up to another nation as strong and powerful as America is rare . " McKinnon 's lawyer , Karen Todner , said it was "  a great day for British justice " and that she hoped UK prosecutors "  might consider that Gary has suffered enough . " She also suggested he might be considered unfit to plead in a UK court given his mental health issues . Rights group Liberty also welcomed what it said was a "  long-overdue " decision involving a vulnerable man . "  It 's a great day for compassion and common sense , " said Liberty director Shami Chakrabarti . The U.S. State Department is examining the decision . "  The United States is disappointed by the decision to deny Gary McKinnon 's extradition to face long overdue justice in the United States , " spokeswoman Victoria Nuland told reporters Tuesday . The U.S. government says McKinnon accessed 97 computers from his home in London for a year starting in March 2001 , costing the government about $ 1 million . He is accused of breaking into military , NASA and civilian networks , and accessing computers at the Pentagon ; Fort Benning , Georgia ; Fort Meade , Maryland ; the Earle Naval Weapons Station in Colts Neck , New Jersey ; and the Johnson Space Center in Houston , among others . In one case , McKinnon allegedly crashed computers belonging to the Military District of Washington . But McKinnon 's family and Todner had argued against the extradition on human rights grounds because he has Asperger syndrome . People with the syndrome suffer difficulty in social relationships , communication and social imagination , according to The National Autistic Society in Britain . Asperger syndrome may often include having special interests and becoming anxious if a routine is broken . Psychiatrists who examined McKinnon said there was a risk of suicide if he was sent to the United States . Sharp reiterated that point Tuesday , saying her son told her he "  felt like a dead person , " and that he would have preferred suicide to being taken thousands of miles away from his family and everything he knew . As well as Asperger syndrome , McKinnon has other mental health issues , including lifelong schizophrenia , she added . Todner has also complained that the United States has never provided evidence to prosecutors or McKinnon 's legal team to support its extradition request . However , under Britain 's Extradition Act of 2003 , U.S. prosecutors are not required to provide such evidence . Critics have long argued that Britain 's extradition treaties unfairly deny its citizens the chance to have the evidence against them considered by a British court before they are extradited . In response to such concerns , May outlined Tuesday a series of proposals intended to make the extradition process both with the United States and within the European Union , under the European Arrest Warrant , quicker and more transparent . The proposals include the introduction of a so-called "  forum bar , " she said . "  This will mean that where prosecution is possible in both the UK and in another state , the British courts will be able to bar prosecution overseas , if they believe it is in the interests of justice to do so . " Her remarks follow a two-year review of Britain 's extradition arrangements . Chakrabarti pointed out that May 's decision to block McKinnon 's extradition was only possible because of a provision in the Human Rights Act , controversial legislation which the Liberty director described as "  much maligned " in Britain . McKinnon was on the brink of extradition in August 2008 , when the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg , France , refused to reconsider the decision to send him to the United States , effectively clearing the way for his transfer . He has been free on bail in England while the extradition process has been going on . A U.S. federal grand jury indicted McKinnon on seven counts of computer fraud and related activity . If convicted , he would have faced a maximum of 10 years in prison on each count and a $ 250,000 fine .	NEW : The U.S. State Department is "  disappointed " by the decision Lawyer for McKinnon says it is "  a great day for British justice " UK home secretary blocks extradition of Gary McKinnon to the United States U.S. prosecutors accuse him of breaking into military , NASA and civilian networks
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwe Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai was in stable condition and recovering from head injuries Friday night after a car wreck that killed his wife , Susan , medical sources told CNN . Tsvangirai and his wife , Susan , were en route to the prime minister 's hometown of Buhera . The crash , on a busy two-lane highway between Tsvangirai 's hometown of Buhera and the capital city of Harare , comes just weeks after the start of a power-sharing agreement between Tsvangirai and his political rival , President Robert Mugabe . Analysts say the crash is bound to raise suspicion of foul play , with one former U.S. diplomat calling for an outside investigation , saying it is not the first time that a political foe of Mugabe has been killed or injured in a car crash . Members of Tsvangirai 's political party , the Movement for Democratic Change , said Friday that it was too early to tell whether the crash is anything other than an accident . Tsvangirai 's aide and driver also were injured in the head-on collision with a large truck , according to his spokesman , James Maridadi . Movement for Democratic Change spokesman Nelson Chamisa said he spoke to Tsvangirai at the hospital , and the party leader was in "  relatively stable " condition . An MDC spokesman describes ` critical ' accident " Sources at The Avenues Clinic in Harare said that Tsvangirai was in stable condition with minor head injuries and that the prime minister was alert and talking . One source said the attending doctor had told him of his wife 's death . Another said that doctors were planning to keep Tsvangirai overnight for observation and that specialists were checking his condition . Tsvangirai , Zimbabwe 's main opposition leader , took office last month under a power-sharing deal with Mugabe after a contentious election . Tsvangirai 's MDC reached the power-sharing agreement with Mugabe in September after months of angry dispute that included violence . More than 200 deaths , mainly those of opposition supporters , were reported leading up to and in the aftermath of the election . "  I 'm skeptical about any motor vehicle accident in Zimbabwe involving an opposition figure , " said Tom McDonald , the U.S. ambassador to Zimbabwe from 1997 to 2001 . "  President Mugabe has a history of strange car accidents when someone lo and behold dies -- it 's sort of his M.O. of how they get rid of people they do n't like . " Watch more on the fatal crash " McDonald cited the 2001 death of Defense Minister Moven Mahachi , Employment Minister Border Gezi 's death in 1999 and the death last year of Elliot Manyika , a government minister and former regional governor . All three died in car crashes . "  This is several , " McDonald said . "  So , when I hear that Tsvangirai was in an accident , it gives me pause . " McDonald , now an attorney with the Washington law firm Baker Hostetler , urged a full investigation by outside authorities . One analyst who studies the region said the collision could "  exacerbate " the fragile unity government . "  There will undoubtedly be suspicions about the cause of the crash and whether there was foul play involved , " said Jennifer Cooke , director of the Africa Program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington . "  At a time when there needs to be confidence-building measures , this incident potentially raises suspicions and undermines the potential for greater cohesion of the government . -LSB- There is -RSB- huge potential for the agreement to be manipulated by Mugabe . " McDonald , however , was quick to say that traffic accidents are common in Zimbabwe . The highway on which Tsvangirai was traveling is a two-lane road where tractor-trailers are common , vehicles in the country are often in bad shape and drivers often are inexperienced , he said . "  It 's certainly plausible that this was just one of those tragic things , " he said . The collision occurred on the Harare-Masvingo Road as Tsvangirai and his wife headed to his hometown of Buhera , south of the capital , Harare , his spokesman said . The couple , who were married in 1978 , have six children , according to the British Broadcasting Corporation . Last month , Susan Tsvangirai told a BBC affiliate that the past decade had been an "  endurance test " for her husband and his MDC colleagues . "  People went through hell , but they stuck to their ideals to seek change through democratic means , " she said . "  This was a struggle that we endured with MDC cadres , activists , supporters and peace-loving Zimbabweans . "  To them I say thank you so much for the support they gave the MDC to reach this momentous period . " A former miner and union organizer , Morgan Tsvangirai first ran for president in 2002 against Mugabe , who has been the country 's leader since it gained independence from Great Britain in 1980 . Since then , Tsvangirai has been charged with treason twice and accused of plotting to assassinate Mugabe . Tsvangirai was arrested and allegedly beaten in 2007 . The criminal charges against him were dropped . CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse , Alan Silverleib and Doug Gross contributed to this report .	NEW : Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai in stable condition , sources say Analyst : Crash could exacerbate fragile unity government with President Mugabe Head-on collision bound to raise suspicion of foul play , analysts say Ex-U.S. diplomat says other Mugabe foes have died in car crashes
CNN  -- The 84 million bright yellow wristbands distributed by Lance Armstrong 's cancer charity have become a well-known symbol of strength and perseverance against adversity . "  LIVESTRONG , " they urge . In the wake of Wednesday 's release of hundreds of pages of evidence supporting persistent allegations of doping against the legendary cyclist , there 's another take on the wristband . Critics have struck out the "  V " to make it read what they accuse Armstrong of doing for more than a decade : "  LIE STRONG . " Evidence of Armstrong doping ` overwhelming , ' agency says Still , the flood of less-than-flattering details does n't seem to be shaking the resolve of fans accustomed to accusations that have swirled for more than a decade , accusations the seven-time winner of cycling 's most prestigious event -- the Tour de France -- has resolutely denied . The information released Wednesday by the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency is part of a report to international cycling officials supporting the organization 's request to strip Armstrong of his tour titles and other accolades . He is also subject to a lifetime ban on competition in events sanctioned by U.S. Olympic sports bodies . Armstrong 's fans took to Facebook and other social media venues to stand by the man many see less as an athletic titan and more as an inspirational cancer survivor who has raised millions for cancer research and assistance . "  Whether you did , or you did n't , you still won 7 tour titles , you never failed a test and what you have done to increase the awareness of cancer , is enormous , " one fan wrote on his Facebook fan page . "  Believe me , no one can tarnish the good you have done , " wrote another . It 's too soon to tell what the release of evidence against Armstrong and his teammates , many of whom admitted doping , will ultimately have on Armstrong 's charity efforts and his overall reputation . However , his foundation says contributions increased after his August announcement that he would give up fighting the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency 's investigation of him . "  Our donations have increased to nearly double their usual amount since August , " said Katherine McLane , spokeswoman for the Lance Armstrong Foundation . "  He 's a person who helped change the perception of cancer survivors around the world . He 's done an incredible amount of good for people affected by cancer and nothing can change that , " she said . Armstrong won his seven Tour de France championships after being diagnosed in 1996 with testicular cancer , which spread to his lungs , lymph nodes , abdomen and brain . By December of that year , after months of surgery and treatment , doctors declared him cancer free . The following year , he established his foundation . Three years after his diagnosis , Armstrong won the first of his seven Tour de France titles , thrilling and inspiring millions in his home country , where cycling is barely followed . His victory brought increased attention to the sport in the United States and helped raised money and attention for cancer research worldwide . Still , throughout it all , rumors and allegations of doping dogged the Texas native . In 2002 , a 21-month investigation into allegations that Armstrong 's team used banned substances during the 2000 Tour de France closed after finding no evidence of illegal drug use . The International Cycling Union released a report in 2006 clearing him of allegations from 1999 . And in February , federal prosecutors in Los Angeles closed a two-year investigation into the allegations without filing charges . In the latest investigation , the USADA said examination of old Armstrong blood samples seemed to indicated doping . Its report also said Armstrong made a "  financial agreement " to bury a positive test for a banned substance and accused the team of falsifying prescription records to cover corticosteroid use by Armstrong . The file also contains affidavits from Armstrong 's teammates implicating themselves , and Armstrong , in the cheating . Armstrong 's teammates recount tricking drug testers The agency said its investigation "  found proof beyond a reasonable doubt that Lance Armstrong engaged in serial cheating through the use , administration and trafficking of performance enhancing drugs and methods and that Armstrong participated in running the US Postal Service Team as a doping conspiracy . " "  The evidence in the case against Lance Armstrong is beyond strong ; it is as strong as , or stronger than , that presented in any case brought by USADA over the initial twelve years of USADA 's existence , " said the organization , which is not a governmental agency but is designated by Congress as the country 's official anti-doping organization for Olympic sports . Armstrong himself has n't commented directly on the case . He posted to Twitter Wednesday night , however , saying he was "  hanging with my family , unaffected " and thinking about an upcoming event for his charity . His lawyer , Tim Herman , called the agency 's report a "  one-sided hatchet job " and a "  government-funded witch hunt . " A spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's office in Los Angeles , which ran the investigation that was closed in February , declined to comment on whether the evidence released publicly Wednesday would spur renewed interest in possible criminal sanctions against Armstrong or anyone else associated with the team . Bruce Deming , a former federal prosecutor and avid amateur cyclist himself , said he doubted the criminal case would be reopened . "  The feds knew what USADA knew . USADA knew what the feds knew . So this is not new information to the prosecutors , I do n't think , " he said . In fact , he said , he suspects the information revealed Wednesday is largely similar to what federal prosecutors unveiled . "  This investigation against Lance , which you know involved multiple federal agencies and a very large , well-organized federal investigation and what has to be millions of dollars spent , came up with apparently not enough hard evidence to charge Lance Armstrong with a parking ticket , " Deming said . Still , the report has had an impact on some fans , for whom the evidence appeared to sour their opinion of Armstrong . "  I am sad and have finally accepted there really are no true heroes in our world , " one Facebook fan wrote . "  On behalf of pretty much everyone who has held you in high regard ... Looked on as an idol in the wake of your excellence in your sport ... Bought your books and aspired to be as  successful  as you are ... If the allegations are true then you have duped your country and fellow athletes , " wrote another . Still , Howard Bragman , an expert in crisis communications , said he does not expect the accusations will have any significant impact on Armstrong 's legacy . "  He 's done amazing things for people with cancer , " Bragman said . "  He 's given a lot of people hope in this world . And to many millions of Americans and people around the world , Lance Armstrong will always be a hero . And none of these allegations are ever going to change that . " CNN 's Casey Wian and Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	Many fans still support Armstrong , despite recent doping revelations "  He 's given a lot of people hope in this world , " crisis communications expert says Spokesman for federal prosecutor declines to say if criminal probe will be reopened Armstrong is accused of taking part in sophisticated doping program
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- British forces in southern Afghanistan have handed responsibility for security in the Sangin district of Helmand province to the U.S. Marines , the British and American militaries said Monday . British forces have been in Sangin since 2006 . The transfer of authority was first announced by the British defense secretary in July . It follows heavy British losses in the area , a Taliban stronghold . The British sustained 105 casualties in Sangin -- roughly a third of all British deaths in the country , according to Lt. Campbell Spencer , a spokesman for the International Security Assistance Force . British Defence Secretary Liam Fox acknowledged that "  the level of sacrifice has been high " in praising the British mission in "  one of the most challenging areas of Afghanistan . " Campbell described the militants in the area as "  very skillful , very organized  and  very difficult to combat , " adding that the Taliban is "  very well entrenched " in Helmand province . NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said the handover was possible because of the increase in the number of U.S. troops in Afghanistan . Shamsullah Sahrai , a Sangin resident and a candidate in Saturday 's parliamentary election , told CNN that residents in the district are happy that the United States is taking over because "  they believe that the United States has more decisiveness in the war than the British . " Sahrai said that under British control the security situation worsened , adding that residents are waiting to see whether security improves under U.S. control . "  They are waiting to see if the Americans can create security , job facilities , opening schools and investment on reconstruction projects , " Sahrai said . The switch of command in Sangin is not a defeat for British troops , but simply works well militarily , said Michael Clarke , director of the Royal United Services Institute , an independent defense and security think tank in London . "  It never made much military sense to put troops into the northern areas of Sangin , Musa Qala and Kajacki in the first place , " Clarke said in July when Fox announced the plan . "  But in 2006 they were sent there at the insistence of -LSB- Afghan -RSB- President -LSB- Hamid -RSB- Karzai , and once established , any pullback would have represented a victory for the Taliban . " With the arrival of some 18,000 U.S. Marines in the region by the end of August , it makes sense for the British troops to reorganize themselves and reinforce their numbers in central Helmand , Clarke said . It will make the British force more effective and safer , he said . The political fallout of the move , however , is unpredictable , Clarke said . When the Brits ended operations in the southern Iraqi city of Basra last year , it was under similar circumstances , but still appeared as a "  furtive retreat , " he said . "  The image at home that Britain was giving up a job it could no longer handle was impossible to shake off , " Clarke said . "  The same may attach to Sangin . This war is as much about image and perception as it is about who controls the ground in Afghanistan . " Spencer emphasized Monday that the handover "  is in no way the British backing away from Sangin . It 's the redeployment of forces . " CNN 's Melissa Gray and Ivan Watson contributed to this report .	British Royal Marines turn control of Sangin district to the U.S Marines The British have suffered heavy losses in the Taliban stronghold The handover was possible because of the increase in the number of U.S. troops in Afghanistan , NATO says
CNN  -- Trader Joe 's has alerted its customers about the recall of products with a cilantro ingredient that may cause a serious foodborne illness . In some cases , the affected items are specific to certain states . For example , the 12-ounce , Spicy Thai Style Pasta Salad  sku 74441  , was recalled by APPA Fine Foods , which supplied the product to California Trader Joe 's , according to the U.S. Agriculture Department . The pasta salad , which has sell-by dates of October 31 through November 6 , contains cilantro that may be contaminated with salmonella , the government said . The packages bear the establishment number "  P-21030 " within the USDA mark of inspection . There have been no reports of any illnesses so far , CNN affiliate KTLA reported . Symptoms of salmonella poisoning can include fever , nausea , vomiting , diarrhea and abdominal cramping . Those with weak immune systems , like infants and the elderly , are the most susceptible . Trader Joe 's also voluntarily recalled the following products it says should not be consumed due to the potential for "  serious foodborne illness . " The company did not describe the illness : All stores : Cilantro Dressing  sku 36420  with a sell-by date of February 9 , 2011 ; Spicy Peanut Vinaigrette  sku 80947  with a sell-by date of January 9 , 2011 . California , Arizona , New Mexico , Nevada , Oregon and Washington only : Cilantro Pecan Dip  sku 76986  with sell-by dates of November 20 and November 24 . As a precaution , all codes of the products have been removed from sale and destroyed , Trader Joe 's said . The chain advises customers to dispose of the affected products or return them to any store location for a full refund .	Product sold in California stores may be contaminated with salmonella Other products sold nationally or in specific states
CNN  -- Spain have won the Davis Cup for a fifth time , and the third time in four years , after Rafael Nadal recovered from dropping the opening set to defeat Argentina 's Juan Martin del Potro in Sunday 's penultimate singles rubber in Sevilla . The hosts won Friday 's first two singles matches , but Argentina claimed Saturday 's doubles to give them a foothold in the final going into the final two matches , And del Potro started like a man on a mission , crushing the world number two 6-1 in an impressive opening set . Resurgent Federer hungry for more major titles But in the same stadium where Nadal became the youngest Davis Cup winner in 2004 , the world number two fought back in impressive fashion to secure a 1-6 6-4 6-1 7-6  7-0  triumph to spark scenes of wild celebration . Nadal told reporters : "  It was a very emotional match and I am happy for the team . "  It was the most amazing atmosphere I have ever played in . The crowd were crazy . and everything was perfect for us , " he continued . "  It was complicated at the start of the match , but the beginning of the second set was very important and at 1-0 and 40-0 that was the turning point for me . " Spanish captain Albert Costa added : "  It was an unbelievable match . These guys are great and that 's why we were in the final . "  Rafa tried to play deeper and harder because at the start Del Potro was inside the line and hitting so hard . He fought hard so that 's why we won . " The result handed Argentina an unwanted record fourth Davis Cup final defeat , but Spain 's fifth victory still leaves them trailing the United States  32  and Australia  28  in overall successes .	World number two Rafa Nadal beats Juan Martin del Potro to win Spain the Davis Cup Nadal fights back from dropping the opening set to secure the point Spain needed Spain 's victory over Argentina ensured they won the Davis Cup trophy for a fifth time
CNN  -- Twitter was buzzing Thursday morning with news that several airlines are flying doctors and nurses to Haiti free of charge to help with relief efforts there in the wake of Tuesday 's devastating earthquake . The only problem : The rumors are false , an American Airlines spokesman says . "  Last night 's hoax on Twitter about American and JetBlue flying doctors and nurses to Haiti for free was just that -- a hoax . We do n't know who is responsible , but it 's a very low thing to do , " airline spokesman Tim Smith said in e-mails sent Thursday . Twitter users also circulated a rumor that UPS would ship for free any package under 50 lbs . to Haiti . In a blog post Wednesday on UPS 's Web site , a spokeswoman debunked the rumor and said that destruction of Haiti 's roads and communications networks "  means our own shipping services to Haiti are on hold . " UPS is donating $ 1 million to help the people of Haiti through relief agencies , she said . On Wednesday , American and American Eagle sent three planes to Port-au-Prince , Haiti 's capital , carrying 30,000 pounds of water , food and other nonperishable goods for its more than 100 employees who work at the airport there and for assistance at Port-au-Prince hospitals , the airline said in a news release . Three more relief flights are planned from Puerto Rico to Haiti on Thursday , and an additional three for Friday , the airline said . "  We 've incentivized our 62 million AAdvantage members to give cash to Red Cross and receive bonus miles from us , " Smith added . "  We can not fly any passengers to Haiti at this time and our efforts on the humanitarian front are as described above . " A spokeswoman for JetBlue said the airline is flying relief workers from agencies such as the American Red Cross free of charge to Santo Domingo in the neighboring Dominican Republic , but only after they have been vetted by the Haitian Consulate . The consulate then arranges transportation for passengers from Santo Domingo to Port-au-Prince , she said . "  There have been a lot of people mobilizing on Twitter asking for our support . And I think that 's where these rumors are coming from , " JetBlue spokeswoman Alison Croyle said . "  We 're not offering free transportation for just any doctors who walk up and want to fly there . " The American Airlines and JetBlue rumors erupted quickly on Twitter and other social networks , with people retweeting the Haitian Consulate 's New York City phone number , which medical professionals could supposedly call for free flights . Calls overwhelmed the consulate , resulting in repeated busy signals for callers . But by late Thursday morning , word appeared to be spreading that the rumors were not true . Posted one user on Twitter about 10:30 a.m. ET : "  American Airline and Jet Blue Are NOT Flying doctors and nurses into Haiti for free . Do NOT call them . "	Rumors spread on Twitter on Thursday about airlines flying doctors to Haiti free of charge American Airlines spokesman calls the rumors a hoax Rumors also spread that JetBlue is offering free flights and UPS is shipping packages for free Both airlines say they are working with relief agencies to fly in supplies and personnel
CNN  -- Randy Jackson , the last original "  American Idol " judge , announced Thursday that he 's voting himself off the hit singing competition program after the current season ends . "  Yo ! Yo ! Yo ! To put all of the speculation to the rest , after 12 years of judging on ` American Idol , ' I have decided to leave after this season , " Jackson said in a statement , released through his representative . Along with Simon Cowell and Paula Abdul , the musician and producer was one of three judges when the Fox show debuted in 2002 . It soon became a national sensation , topping the Nielsen charts as the nation 's most watched program for eight years running . In 2011 -- more than a year after CNN and others reported on the program 's ratings "  slide " -- the "  American Idol " Wednesday night show still topped the Nielsen yearly chart . No. 2 ? "  American Idol 's " Thursday program . The streak ended last year , when NBC 's "  Sunday Night Football " took Nielsen 's top spot . Still , "  American Idol " could take solace having already left other renowned TV shows -- "  Seinfeld , " "  All in the Family " and "  M * A * S * H " among them -- in its wake having been America 's most popular program for the most consecutive seasons . Jackson is the last original judge with Abdul 's departure and then Cowell 's several seasons ago . Ratings have decreased in recent years , as the show 's producers have tried several new judges -- this season 's include Mariah Carey and Nicki Minaj -- to join Jackson . Fox representative Jill Hudson says the network has no comment on Jackson 's announcement . In his statement Thursday , Jackson said he was "  very proud of how we forever changed television and the music industry . " "  It 's been a life-changing opportunity , but I am looking forward to focusing on my company , Dream Merchant 21 , and other business ventures , " he added . Drake surprises ` Idol ' contestant Was ` Idol ' looking at J. Lo to replace Mariah ? CNN 's Douglas Hyde contributed to this report .	Randy Jackson was one of three judges when the show debuted in 2002 With Simon Cowell and Paula Abdul out , he is the only one that remains Jackson said that it was his decision to leave "  American Idol "
Washington  CNN  -- When Tip O'Neill retired in 1987 , he was asked how the quality of people elected to Congress had changed in his 30-plus years of service . The former Speaker of the House answered : "  The quality is clearly better , much better . " But , he added , "  The results are definitely worse . " He meant : as compared to the Congresses of the 1950s , the Congresses of the 1980s contained fewer drunks and fewer crooks . Members were better educated and harder working . Yet the Congresses of the 1950s managed to balance the budget , confirm presidential nominees in reasonable time and enact programs , like the one that created the interstate highway system . The Congresses of the 1980s could do none of those things . And of course the contemporary record is even worse . This past summer , Congress very nearly pushed the United States into an unnecessary default . Another government shutdown looms . The budgeting of the United States is in chaos . The Federal Reserve has been left for months with two vacancies on its seven-member board because of secret holds by individual senators . Politics is a contest , limited by certain unwritten rules . And over the past two decades , old rules have broken down . Under the old rules , there were certain things that political parties did not do -- even though theoretically they could . If one party controlled the Senate and another party controlled the presidency , the Senate party did not reject all the president 's nominees . The party that controlled the House did not refuse to schedule votes on the president 's budgets . Individual senators did not use secret holds to sway national policy . The filibuster was reserved for rare circumstances -- not as a routine 60-vote requirement on every Senate vote . It 's incredible to look back now on how the Reagan tax cut passed the Democratic House in 1981 . The Democratic House leaderships could have refused to schedule votes on Reagan 's tax plans . Instead , they not only allowed the tax plan to proceed -- but they allowed 48 of 243 Democrats to break ranks on the key procedural vote without negative consequences to their careers in the Democratic party .  Rep. Dan Glickman of Kansas , for example , who voted for the tax cuts would rise to become Secretary of Agriculture under President Clinton . Hard to imagine Speaker John Boehner allowing his Republicans to get away with similar behavior on a measure proposed by President Obama . What 's happening before our eyes is that the US congressional system is adopting the attitudes of a Westminster-style parliamentary system . In a parliamentary system , "  the duty of an opposition is to oppose "  in the famous words of Benjamin Disraeli  . The opposition uses every trick and technique to thwart and defeat the government ; the government uses all the powers of a parliamentary majority to overwhelm the opposition .  To quote Disraeli again : "  a majority is always better than the best repartee . " Then , at regular intervals , the two sides switch roles . In the American system , there is no "  government " and no "  opposition . " Who would lead such a "  government " ? President Obama ? Or the man in command of the majority in the lower House -- Prime Minister John Boehner ? In a system built around an administration and a bicameral Congress , everybody is part of the government -- and the government only functions if there exists a certain baseline spirit of cooperation between the mutually indispensable parts . That spirit of cooperation has tended to vanish in recent years . Back in 1986 , Democratic leaders quashed those in their party who wished to try impeach Ronald Reagan over Iran-Contra . But as the Cold War ended , the party struggle intensified . The shock of the economic crisis since 2008 has made things worse still : desperate times lead to desperate politics . The old rules were based upon certain conditions that have long since vanished . Back then , Congress was filled with legislators who shared the common bond of military service : in 1981 , 73 of the senators were veterans as compared to only 25 today ; a similar trend characterizes the House . The imperatives of the Cold War inspired a spirit of deference to the president . The long association of the filibuster with opposition to civil rights tended to discredit its use . The national media were dominated by a few big institutions that professed  even if they did not always deliver  nonpartisanship . Americans intermingled more with people of different points of view . Bill Bishop points out in his important book , "  The Big Sort , " in the very close presidential election of 1976 , only 26 % of Americans lived in a county that went for Gerald Ford or Jimmy Carter by a margin of 20 points or more . In the also close presidential election of 2004 , almost 50 % of Americans lived in a county that voted by more than 20 points for either George W. Bush or John Kerry . Perhaps above all : the long prosperity of the postwar years lubricated the system with enough resources that just about everybody could get some of what they wanted : more spending , moderate taxes , reasonable borrowing , strong national defense . Now instead we have a country that is spatially polarized , that gets its information from highly partisan media , and that confronts the worst recession and the darkest financial outlook since the 1930s . The results of these changes are breaking the American political system -- destroying public confidence in the U.S. government -- and paralyzing the U.S. economic policy . It will take more than a change in attitudes to address these concerns . It will take fundamental institutional reform . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : In past 30 years , rules of bipartisan cooperation have dissolved He says use of filibuster is now routine , presidential appointments are stalled Frum says parties are acting as if their only choices are to govern or to oppose America 's government is built on the idea that opposing parties will work together
CNN  -- In many ways , airplanes are a retailer 's dream come true . They serve a captive -- often bored -- audience who have proven their income is disposable enough to afford air travel . It 's no wonder that in the last few years , airlines have adapted an increasingly sophisticated approach to parting customers from their money . "  By nature , airlines are mass transit operators , and they did n't necessarily have any retail savviness when they first started to unbundle -- it was very much low-hanging fruits , like chocolate bars and Pringles up and down the aisle , " says Dan Thompson , senior vice president of global strategy at GuestLogix , a provider of in-flight retail solutions . "  Now , there 's a new sense of maturity in retail strategies with airlines , " he adds . Lately , carriers have replaced mass market beers with craft brews , standard chips with locally sourced gourmet goodies , and added ticketed events to the retail roster . In 2011 , AirBaltic even experimented with selling cars on board their flights , becoming the first carrier to do so . "  We think of flight as a travel megastore ; we expect to make money for the products that we offer , " says Jannis Vanags , AirBaltic 's vice president for communications . In many ways , the Latvian carrier has been a trailblazer when it comes to its retail offerings . Vanags claims it was the first airline to introduce bicycle rentals , and the first to accept Bitcoin as a form of payment . It was also one of the first airlines to allow non-passengers to make surprise purchases  think roses and champagne  for their friends in the air . Currently , customers can also buy AirBaltic-branded shoes on the flight . "  Some things have been batted around in terms of thinking outside the box , in terms of ` how wacky can we get ? ' and in a sense , the sky is the limit -- excuse the pun -- for what you can sell on board , " says Thompson . Mainly , though , he notes that it 's the tried-and-true that entice customers the most . "  Really , passengers will spend on something that enhances their trip , and means something to them because of the experience they 're in at the moment . It 's hard to imagine them going on board and buying a sofa that will be delivered back to their apartment . " The odd factor For many years , airlines left the quirkier retail offering to SkyMall , the quarterly in-flight catalog available on almost all domestic flights in the United States . An old business model  the company is nearing its 25th anniversary  , SkyMall has recently had to contend with the more aggressive retail strategies employed by many airlines , as well as distracting new technology ; iPhones in the air mean travelers are less dependent on the catalog for entertainment . The company , which has made a name for itself by proffering off-kilter items  the garden yeti and remote-control R2D2 robot are long-standing best-sellers  , has recently started to adapt its business model , putting even more focus on quirky products . SkyMall is also in the process of launching a mobile app . "  One of the larger shifts in the last several years is we 've become extremely product-centric , " says Darin Geiger , SkyMall 's director of merchandizing . "  We want to be proactive in finding what 's new and unique . To that end , we 've been going to a lot more trade shows , searching the globe for those new products . " Some of its biggest sellers , notes Geiger , are sports paraphernalia and pet products . Though he says SkyMall 's customer base appreciates functionality , it 's some of the stranger and more original products that capture the imagination . "  First , we look at products that are new to market , or solve problems . Then , we look for those social-media type products that our marketing team can have a lot of fun with , " he adds .	To make money , airlines are pushing everything from craft beer to cars In addition to Mini Coopers , airBaltic sells branded shoes airBaltic was also the first airline to accept Bitcoins for payment
CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif stepped to the sidelines for a private conversation at a security conference in Germany on Sunday , according to a senior State Department official . Their discussion marks another high-level contact between the United States and Iran , a few weeks ahead of nuclear negotiations involving world powers planned for February 18 in Vienna . The negotiations follow Iran 's agreement in November to stop its most sensitive nuclear operations in exchange for a lessening of some sanctions that have hurt the nation . "  Kerry reiterated the importance of both sides negotiating in good faith and Iran abiding by its commitments under the Joint Plan of Action , " the nuclear deal between the U.S. and Iran , the senior official said . Kerry "  also made clear that the United States will continue to enforce existing sanctions , " the official said . On another topic , "  Secretary Kerry pressed for the Iranians to work cooperatively with us in our efforts to help United States citizens Robert Levinson , Amir Hekmati , and Saeed Abedini to return to their families , " the official said . Levinson disappeared from Iran seven years ago . Members of Levinson 's family said on CNN in January that , at that time , he was working for the CIA . They accused the U.S. government of failing to do enough to find and free him . Hekmati , a former U.S. Marine who served in Iraq , was arrested in Iran in August 2011 and held on espionage charges . The Obama administration has said he is not a spy . Saeed Abedini , an Iranian-American pastor , is also jailed , accused of proselytizing Christianity during a trip to Iran . He was accused of attempting to undermine the Iranian government and endangering national security . Abedini 's family says he being held in a dangerous prison . Hekmati and Abedini could receive reduced sentences , Zarif said in an interview less than two weeks ago from the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland . "  We have various clemency measures in Iran that can be introduced , happened in the past , can be introduced again in these cases , " Zarif said in an exclusive interview with CNN 's Jim Sciutto . Earlier discussions : Syria In recent days at the Munich Security Conference , other contact between Kerry and Zarif has been focused on the conflict in Syria , which has killed more than 100,000 Syrians and forced more than 2 million from their homes . Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon were also in Munich , as was U.N. mediator Lakhdar Brahimi . As talks continued , Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's regime failed to turn over its known chemical weapons stockpiles on time , causing Kerry to warn on Friday that all options remain available to force compliance . Iran , Russia and Syria are allies . U.S. President Barack Obama threatened a military response last year when U.S. authorities determined the al-Assad regime attacked its own people with chemical weapons . However , Obama failed to secure backing from Congress or key ally Great Britain . Russia then stepped in to persuade al-Assad to hand over the chemical weapons stockpiles to the international community in order to be destroyed . On Saturday , Kerry and Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu met on the sidelines of the security conference and talked about continuing to press the Syrian regime to meet the deadline and move chemical weapons to the port of Latakia in Syria , a senior State Department official said . "  They agreed that more needed to be done to increase humanitarian access , " the official said , adding that the Kerry and Davutoglu said that the delay of moving access to convoys into the besieged Syrian city of Homs and other areas was "  simply unacceptable . " Opinion : Are Syria , Iran playing Obama for a fool ? CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .	U.S. Secretary of State , Iranian foreign minister meet on sidelines at security conference They talked about Iran 's agreement to halt its most sensitive nuclear operations In November , Iran said it would stop some in exchange for lessening of sanctions They also discussed Americans held by Iran , U.S. official says
CNN  -- With Lionel Messi on the sidelines , Neymar took center stage in the battle with Cristiano Ronaldo for the crown of La Liga 's most influential player on Saturday . Ronaldo 's injury-time heroics prevented Real Madrid from falling eight points behind in the title race ahead of the international break , as the Portugal forward scored a last-gasp winner against Levante . Barcelona had no such problems , despite also going behind at home to Valladolid , with Gerardo Martino 's team running out a 4-1 victor for eight wins out of eight . Alexis Sanchez scored two of those goals , but it was his fellow South American Neymar who ran the show -- scoring the last himself , setting up one for the Chilean and providing the spark for Xavi 's strike that made it 2-1 . With Messi recovering from a second injury this season , Neymar has been given an increasing amount of responsibility following his $ 75 million move from Santos and is showing he can fit into the role of team player as well as solo star . However , it was Sanchez who responded to Javi Guerra 's 10th-minute opener , firing in a superb equalizer from outside the penalty area . Neymar 's burst helped Cristian Tello to set up midfield veteran Xavi for his second goal this season , then the Brazilian slid a perfect pass for Sanchez to slot home in the 64th minute . The roles were reversed on 70 as Sanchez squared the ball to Neymar , who turned and fired in a low shot for his second league goal since arriving . Ronaldo took his La Liga tally to seven , one behind Messi and Atletico Madrid 's Diego Costa , as he blasted the decisive goal in Real 's 3-2 win at Levante . Real twice came from behind to deny the home side , which led through Baba Diawara in the 57th minute and then Nabil El Zhar with four to play in regulation . Captain Sergio Ramos leveled the first time , stabbing in at the far post from a corner , and 20-year-old substitute Alvaro Morata made it 2-2 before Ronaldo 's deflected shot went in off the post in the fourth added minute . Coach Carlo Ancelotti had made several changes following the midweek Champions League win over Copenhagen , in which Ronaldo and Angel Di Maria both scored twice , and the Italian was again without injured marquee signing Gareth Bale . Real went two points above fourth-placed Villarreal , which beat Granada 3-0 on Friday . Second-placed Atletico will seek to keep a perfect record in Sunday 's home clash with Celta Vigo . Meanwhile , Bayern Munich claimed top spot in Germany for the first time this season despite dropping points for the first time in a 1-1 draw at third-placed Bayer Leverkusen . The European and Bundesliga champion will end the weekend with a one-point advantage over Leverkusen and previous leader Borussia Dortmund -- which crashed 2-0 at Borussia Monchengladbach . Bayern 's last league loss was 33 games ago at Leverkusen , and Pep Guardiola 's team seemed on track for a seventh win from eight this season after Toni Kroos scored on the half hour . However , Sidney Sam leveled immediately and goalkeeper Bernd Leno kept out a barrage of attempts by the Bavarians . Dortmund crumbled after Germany defender Mats Hummels was sent off in the 81st minute for hauling down Norway midfielder Havard Nordtveit -- Max Kruse converted the resulting penalty and Brazilian strike partner Raffael doubled the lead . Gladbach moved up to fourth on goal difference above Hannover , held 1-1 by Hertha Berlin on Friday . Seventh-placed Stuttgart and Werder Bremen drew 1-1 to be on 11 points along with Schalke , which beat Augsburg 4-1 . Roma moved five points clear at the top in Italy after crushing fourth-placed Inter Milan 3-0 , despite having a player sent off at the San Siro . The capital club made it seven wins from seven as veteran Francesco Totti scored a double and Alessandro Florenzi also found the net before halftime . Totti smashed in from Gervinho 's layoff then converted a disputed penalty after the Ivory Coast international was brought down in the box . Florenzi was set up by Kevin Strootman just before the break , and Roma could afford to lose defender Federico Balzaretti at the end for a second yellow card as the home side suffered a first defeat under former Napoli coach Walter Mazzarri . Atalanta earlier moved up to eighth place with a 1-0 win at struggling Chievo . In France , Monaco went three points clear of Paris Saint-Germain following Saturday 's 2-1 win at home to Saint-Etienne , with substitute Lucas Ocampos scoring an 87th-minute decider . Ligue 1 champion PSG visits third-placed Marseille on Sunday .	Neymar inspires Barcelona to eighth win from eight matches in Spanish league Brazilian scores one and sets up one in Saturday 's 4-1 win at Valladolid Third-placed Real Madrid stays six points adrift after snatching a late victory Bayern Munich top in Bundesliga despite dropping first points of season
London  CNN  -- These will be the green Games , to many they will be the austerity Games -- and they may even be the rain Games . The long wait will be over Friday for London , the city that was awarded the Games of the 30th Olympiad in 2005 on a promise of transformation . A day after that announcement , suicide bombers struck London trains and buses , killing 52 people . Seven years on and a security staffing fiasco has again thrust potential threats to the forefront of people 's minds -- but Olympic organizers and the government say they will do everything possible to keep the Games safe . While Britain 's wettest June in more than a century may have cast a cloud over the final preparations for the Games , forecasters say the weather is now set to brighten . And as more than 10,000 athletes from 205 countries assemble in London for Friday 's opening ceremony , there is the promise of two weeks of breathtaking sport . Can Jamaican sprinter Usain Bolt , star of the Beijing track in 2008 , win gold once again in the men 's 100m , 200m and 4 x 100m relay events , thus cementing his status as the fastest man on the planet ? Read why all the top sprinters come from Jamaica Many wonder if Team USA men 's basketball squad can surpass the on-court magic of the legendary Dream Team at the 1992 Barcelona Games . And as swimmers race beneath the sweeping curves of the Aquatics Center , the pressure will be on American Michael Phelps to replicate his success in the last Olympics , when he took home a record-breaking eight golds . Meanwhile the host nation 's best hopes of gold medals may lie with Team GB 's stars in sailing , rowing and cycling , including Bradley Wiggins , buoyed by an outstanding performance in the Tour de France cycle race . Every country will have at least one female athlete after Saudi Arabia included two women in its team for the first time , setting an important precedent for women 's rights . Other athletes have survived the turmoil of the Arab Spring to represent their countries for the first time free from the tyranny of dictatorship . Read how Olympic athletes rose from the turmoil of the Arab Spring And with medals to be handed out in 26 different sports , there 's always the chance of a shock upset or the emergence of a shining new talent to captivate the crowds . Much of the drama will play out within the landscaped contours of the Olympic Park , intended as an enduring sporting legacy in some of the city 's poorest neighborhoods and touted by the London 2012 organizers as the most sustainable space yet designed for the Games . The 80,000-capacity Olympic Stadium is built from only a tenth of the total steel used for the Bird 's Nest stadium in Beijing in 2008 , while in the velodrome cyclists will race round a track made from sustainably-sourced Siberian pine . The organizers are keen to make sure the "  green " theme continues beyond the Games ' conclusion on August 12 . Following a clean-up of the River Lea and canals that pass through the site , wildlife is being encouraged to return to wetlands downstream . Some 300,000 wetland plants have been planted , as well as more than 4,000 trees and 130,000 plants and bulbs in 250 acres of regenerated parkland . David Stubbs , head of sustainability for the London organizing committee , LOCOG , said the event would be a golden opportunity to show what can be achieved . "  If you can put sustainability at the heart of a project which is the largest logistical exercise in peace time -- across 26 different sports , with thousands of people attending and millions watching -- then you can do it anywhere , " Stubbs told CNN . Much of the cost of staging the Olympic and Paralympic Games has been met by the taxpayer , with the government overseeing Â # 9.3 billion  $ 14.5 billion  of spending from the public purse . According to its figures , three-quarters of the money spent by the Olympic Delivery Authority -- the public sector body responsible for building the new venues and infrastructure -- has been invested in long-term regeneration , and the Games are currently under budget by some Â # 476 million . The organizing group LOCOG , which is a private company , has a core budget of more than Â # 2 billion  $ 3.1 billion  , with almost all revenue raised from the private sector , it says . By contrast , the Beijing Olympics in 2008 cost a whopping $ 40 billion , according to a December 2008 report by the state-run news agency Xinhua . China spent heavily on infrastructure , including three new subway lines , a new airport terminal and new sports facilities , the news agency said . Watch how the Olympic spirit is still strong in Beijing London 's Games come in the wake of the global financial meltdown and against a backdrop of economic gloom in Europe and broad cuts to public spending in Britain . But many will put aside such worries on Friday night , when crowds flock to the Olympic Stadium for the much-anticipated opening ceremony , dubbed "  Isles of Wonder " and inspired by Shakespeare 's play "  The Tempest . " In the event the heavens do n't open on the night , director Danny Boyle , the Oscar-winning director of "  Slumdog Millionaire , " has lined up fake clouds to shade his stage set of rolling British countryside , a pastoral vision that will include real farmyard animals -- not least 70 sheep with three sheepdogs to keep them in check . Olympic organizers predict more than a billion people worldwide will tune in to watch the spectacle on TV . Another side to London will come into view with the beach volleyball , to be played against the backdrop of the historic Horse Guards Parade , and the tennis at the All England Lawn Tennis club , home of the venerable Wimbledon Championships . How are you celebrating the Olympics ? Send iReport your stories , video But while London , a bustling city of more than 8 million people , is front and center of the 2012 Games , it is not alone in hosting what will be Britain 's third Olympics , after previous occasions in 1908 and 1948 . Eton Dorney in Buckinghamshire , just outside the capital , is the lake where rowers will push the boundaries of pain as they seek to bring home the gold . The testing waters of Weymouth Bay , on the Dorset coast , will be alive with the brightly-colored sails of yachts , dinghies and windsurfers . Sites in Hertfordshire and Essex , also near London , will host canoeing and mountain biking , and Olympic football matches will be played at grounds as far afield as Hampden Park in Glasgow and the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff , before the final at the iconic Wembley Stadium in London . The challenges of policing such a high-profile and sprawling event , which follows on the heels of Queen Elizabeth II 's rain-lashed Diamond Jubilee celebrations and precedes the Paralympic Games , are significant . A chorus of leading figures , from Home Secretary Theresa May to LOCOG chairman Sebastian Coe , have stepped up to reassure visitors that a shortfall in recruiting security guards by contractor G4S will not impact on safety . The sight of thousands of soldiers deployed on the streets of London and elsewhere to support the security effort will be unusual but , organizers likely hope , reassuring to those at Olympic venues and transport hubs . London 's Metropolitan Police Service , known as the Met , is undertaking what it says is its biggest-ever peacetime operation , running for 66 days over 1,000 venues , including sporting and cultural events , and making use of up to 9,500 police officers on the busiest days . Read how London faces security questions ahead of the Olympics Away from the venues , the Met will also have to provide the usual policing for the city and its visitors . Few Londoners will forget that the Games come just a year after the capital was rocked by outbreaks of rioting and looting . At the same time , those athletes for whom London is home , such as runners Mo Farah and Christine Ohuruogu , will surely draw a special inspiration from the support of their crowded , diverse city . The Olympic torch , which arrived in London a week ahead of the Games , is being carried through the city 's streets by almost 1,000 people on the last leg of its 8,000 mile , 70-day journey to the opening ceremony . When the last torchbearer carries the flame into the Olympic stadium on Friday , millions of eyes around the world will watch as the cauldron is lit -- a symbol of the hopes and sporting passions that will play out over the next 16 days . And while not everyone in Britain is overjoyed about the Olympics -- some Londoners seeing it as an inconvenience , others as an expensive luxury at a time of austerity -- surely there will be few who wo n't cross their fingers for no rain on that parade . CNN 's Erin McLaughlin contributed to this report .	The 30th Olympiad starts Friday with an opening ceremony that promises to be spectacular Forecasters say the weather should improve after a rain-soaked summer so far Organizers say these Summer Olympics are the most sustainable ever Security issues have overshadowed preparations but authorities say safety will not be impacted
A woman who was babysitting a 5-year-old who fatally shot himself Monday with her gun has been charged with abandoning or endangering a child , a felony , and jailed in Orange County , Texas , police said Wednesday . Bail was set at $ 250,000 for Melissa Ann Ringhardt , 19 , said Clint Hodgkinson , chief deputy with the Orange County Sheriff 's Office . The death was "  avoidable , " according to Hodgkinson , who said Ringhardt failed to secure the gun while she was caring for the boy , John Allen Read , and a 6-month-old , both children of Kayla and Joe Read . Ringhardt was a regular babysitter for the family , with whom she had been living in Vidor , Texas , for the past few months , police said in a statement . Vidor is 95 miles east of Houston . Father charged after 2-year-old fatally shoots herself "  Ringhardt stated to investigators that she was carrying a handgun on her person in the home that day because she was scared being at home alone , " the statement said . "  The handgun was a semi-automatic .40 caliber pistol . Ringhardt left the handgun on a coffee table in the living room and went to the bedroom to take a nap . When she was awakened from her nap , she noticed she did n't see John around the house . She began looking until she found him deceased in the living room with the fatal gunshot wound . " The infant was not hurt . Hodgkinson said the elder child sustained a gunshot wound to the head and is believed to have died instantly . Kids and guns : Not isolated tragedies With no phone at the house , Ringhardt carried the boy 's body to his grandparent 's house nearby , and police were called . At the time of the shooting , the child 's mother was at a hospital with another of her children , and the father was out of town on business . The father , Joe Read , said his neighborhood was not unsafe . He would not comment further . "  The preliminary investigation appears to be that the shooting was accidental , " police said in a statement . This is at least the fourth instance since June of a child dying from a self-inflicted gunshot wound . New law allows schools to teach gun safety to first-graders Last weekend , a 2-year-old girl fatally shot herself in Fayetteville , North Carolina , and the toddler 's father faces involuntary manslaughter charges , police said . In New Orleans , a 5-year-old girl died June 23 after she came "  into contact with a .38 - caliber revolver and accidentally shot herself in the head " while her mother was at a store , police said . The girl 's mother was charged with cruelty to a juvenile until the 5-year-old died , at which point prosecutors added a second-degree murder charge . A judge in the case threw out the murder indictment last month , and the district attorney 's office said it would appeal the decision , CNN affiliate WDSU reported . In August , a 3-year-old boy in Dundee , Michigan , found a .40 - caliber handgun belonging to a family friend on a closet floor in his home . He died after accidentally shooting himself in the head , police said . The family friend was charged with careless discharge of a weapon , a misdemeanor . Two weeks ago , 2-year-old Michael Garcia Jr. was taken to a hospital after shooting himself in the legs with a .45 - caliber handgun registered to his mother , according to CNN affiliate WFTV . The boy 's wounds were not life-threatening , and the boy 's father was charged with child neglect , the station reported . According to the Centers for Disease Control 's National Center for Injury Prevention and Control , 703 children under the age of 15 died in accidental firearms deaths between 2001 and 2010 , the latest year for which data are available . During the same period , 7,766 children under the age of 14 suffered accidental firearm injuries . Before the play date , the gun talk	Police : Woman says she left her pistol on coffee table and took a nap 5-year-old killed himself with babysitter 's gun The death was "  avoidable , " chief deputy says Father says the neighborhood is not dangerous
Nervous anticipation extends far beyond the racially charged powder keg of Ferguson , Missouri , over a grand jury decision on whether to indict a white police officer for fatally shooting an unarmed black teenager . The St. Louis suburb has simmered with anger since the day in August when 18-year-old Michael Brown was shot multiple times by Officer Darren Wilson . With the grand jury expected to deliver its decision any day , people worry that tensions could boil over -- not only in Ferguson , but at demonstrations in more than 30 cities from Boston to Los Angeles organized by a group called the Ferguson National Response Network , mostly for the day after the decision is announced . While most protests in Ferguson have been peaceful , some devolved into violence , especially in the nights immediately after the shooting . The imminent decision has renewed concerns over clashes between protesters and heavily armed law enforcement officers , especially if Wilson is not indicted . "  I , like so many other people , am on pins and needles , " said the Rev. Alvin Herring , a Washington-based deputy director of the community organizing group PICO National Network . "  This case has resonated with a lot of people who are beginning to understand that the issue of police violence and lawlessness is an issue that , although for the moment is focused on Ferguson ... it is an issue that challenges the nation . " Though Herring expects to be in Ferguson after the announcement , he said members of the network 's 3,000 multidenominational congregations around the country plan to participate in vigils and protests . The Ferguson National Response Network lists planned community responses to the grand jury decision in big cities such as Cleveland , Denver , Detroit , Indianapolis , Pittsburgh and Seattle . It 's also planned public gatherings -- to be held the day of the announcement or the day after -- in smaller cities that include Portland , Oregon ; New London , Connecticut ; Grand Rapids , Michigan ; Chattanooga , Tennessee ; Blacksburg , Virginia and Iowa City , Iowa . "  The faith community has been quite busy on issue of Ferguson , " Herring said . "  It has been a challenging experience because many clergy have been looking for how they make the connection between the faith they celebrate on Sunday and the everyday cares , challenges and struggles that their people face the other six days of the week . " Police departments prepare Throughout the country , law enforcement agencies have been busy with Ferguson . "  Many of my colleagues I 've had an opportunity over the last few days to talk to around the country ... are preparing for whatever the outcome may happen to be , " said Cedric Alexander , president of the National Organization of Black Law Enforcement Executives and public safety director for DeKalb County , Georgia . Alexander said law enforcement agencies in the Atlanta area , for instance , have "  working relationships with our community members and leaders " and are preparing to mobilize should tensions erupt . "  There are many communities in which we really have to engage our communities and set some real parameters about how we 're going to work together , " Alexander said . Atlanta police spokeswoman Kim Jones said the department will respect the rights of demonstrators to peaceably assemble but will not "  tolerate those who violate our laws , destroy property or endanger lives . " "  We have met with , and are in discussion with , numerous law enforcement agencies throughout the metro Atlanta area to ensure our efforts are coordinated , and that we are maintaining the same level of readiness and vigilance , " she said . In Texas , a Dallas police spokesman , Lt. Jose Garcia , said the city did not anticipate violent demonstrations following the grand jury decision . "  However , we have adequate resources in place to address any situation that may arise , " he said . "  In addition to the resources , we work hard to develop and maintain strong relationships within our communities . We feel confident that together we can address such a situation if it arises . " Police officials would not reveal specific preparations . But CNN law enforcement analyst Tom Fuentes , a former FBI assistant director and police officer , said federal agencies will likely be working with local police departments , particularly sharing information on agitators from the U.S. and abroad who typically move from state to state to stir problems at public demonstrations . And law enforcement agencies in cities such as New York and Washington have extensive experience dealing with protests . "  The Washington metro police have demonstrations in downtown Washington all the time , " he said . "  It 's not like they 're not prepared or equipped . People will be on heightened alert . When the word goes out that the decision has been made , departments are going to be trying to at least be ready , to have their officers on standby to go to extended shifts and whatever might be necessary to prevent things from getting out of hand . " Unresolved tensions When members of the United States Conference of Mayors met with police chiefs from around the country in Little Rock , Arkansas , last month , the situation in Ferguson was at the top of the agenda . Conference spokeswoman Elena Temple said the group has had internal discussions on how to react to the grand jury decision but will not make a statement on the case until the announcement . "  We do n't know what 's going to happen , " she said . "  We 're waiting like everybody else . " Outgoing U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder told the gathering of mayors and police chiefs that law enforcement had a responsibility to address tensions within communities . "  The events in Ferguson reminded us that we can not and we must not allow tensions , which are present in so many neighborhoods across America , to go unresolved , " Holder said . The Ferguson case , Holder said , underscored divisions between police and residents in many U.S. cities . "  When I traveled to Ferguson in the days after that incident , my pledge to the people of that community was that our nation 's Department of Justice would remain focused on the challenges they faced , and the deep-seated issues and difficult conversations that the shooting brought to the surface , long after national headlines had faded , " he said . Federal officials are conducting two civil rights investigations , one into Brown 's killing and the other into the local police department 's overall track record with minorities . Free speech , worries about violence Police will be on hand at protests to ensure freedom of expression -- without any criminal activity . PICO , on its website , says it opposes "  any militarized response against American citizens exercising our right to freely and peaceably assemble . " Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon has called for protests to remain peaceful once the grand jury rules in Wilson 's case but vowed to crack down on any "  ugliness . " Nixon made clear last week he 's not anticipating violence , but wants to be ready for anything . "  This is America . People have a right to express their views and grievances , but they do not have the right to put their fellow citizens or their property at risk , " he said . Many protesters , furious because they felt Brown 's killing was an example of excessive force , clashed with heavily armed law enforcement in the streets for days after the shooting . Authorities , who responded in armored vehicles and military gear , were criticized for escalating the violence rather than tempering it . Brown 's family has implored would-be protesters to refrain from the looting and violence that marred the early protests . But through its attorney , the family asked authorities to use "  reasonable restraints " in dealing with protesters . The attorney blamed assault rifles , manhandling , tear gas , rubber bullets and false arrests for agitating the protesters who took to the streets . Fuentes said people on both sides of the issue have all but telegraphed what 's to come after the grand jury decision is announced . What happens in Ferguson , he said , can influence what happens in the rest of the country . "  When you have demonstrations , emotions are high , " Fuentes said . "  When you have high emotions , a mob can get out of control . ... When emotions are high , all it takes is one or two people to incite the crowd into doing something else . And one bad cop can incite things if shots are fired or if the police do something too aggressive . It can work both ways . "	Cities around the country anxiously await grand jury decision in Ferguson case Group calls for demonstrations in more than 30 cities from Boston to Los Angeles Law enforcement agencies prepare to respond
CNN  -- Iraqi President Jalal Talabani will travel to Germany for medical treatment , Kurdish lawmaker Mahmoud Othman said Wednesday . Talabani is in stable condition , his office said . Talabani was rushed to a Baghdad hospital Monday night in deteriorating health because of hardening of his arteries , his office told the media . But Othman , who is close to Talabani , said earlier this week that the 79-year-old leader had suffered a stroke . "  His health condition is not very good , " he said . Read more : Read more : Iraq 's president in stable condition , office says The president 's office on Tuesday released a statement saying that Talabani was exhausted . "  Recently , His Excellency President Jalal Talabani spent exhaustive efforts in order to accomplish harmony and stability in the country . Due to fatigue and exhaustion , His Excellency had a health emergency , " the office said . Talabani was elected president of Iraq in 2005 , in the nation 's first free elections in more than 50 years . This is not the first time he has dealt with serious medical issues . At times , the exact nature of his ailments has been shrouded in secrecy . In February 2007 , he fell ill and was flown to Jordan for treatment , and there were conflicting reports about what prompted his hospitalization . A hospital source told CNN at the time that doctors performed a catheterization procedure on his heart , but his family and aides denied that . Talabani 's doctor and a spokesman for the president 's office said then that he was suffering from exhaustion and lung inflammation , and underwent tests they described as precautionary . He did not return to Iraq until March of that year . Two months later , Talabani left for medical tests and to lose weight , his office said . He did not return until June . In January 2012 , he had spinal surgery in Germany . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq and Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report .	Jalal Talabani was hospitalized earlier this week in Iraq A Kurdish lawmaker said Talabani had a stroke Talabani 's office said he was suffering from hardening of the arteries
CNN  -- For the Oscar-winner and Hollywood A-lister , family takes priority over career goals . A recent brief trip to Hong Kong to film "  Contagion " directed by Steven Soderberg fitted in well with how she wants her life to be : an enjoyable cultural experience then back home to be with her family and continue her other projects that include charity work and the website "  GOOP " . "  I am never away from -LSB- my children -RSB- for longer than five days , a week at the most ... . I do one film a year , and then I do the rest of my stuff at home , " she told CNN . "  It is a balance . Sometimes I have to not do something that sounds really appealing , but it just does n't work for my family . You ca n't have it all . " Despite recent roles in big budget Hollywood films like the "  Iron Man " movies , and being in the luxurious position of being able to pick and choose what roles she wants , she refutes her star status . "  I mean technically I 'm really not a movie star , you know I kind of do more independent movies . I mean sometimes I 'm in movies that make a lot of money , but I do n't think that 's my niche . " Married to British musician Chris Martin since 2005 , she has skillfully taken herself away from the flashbulbs of the paparazzi as much as she can . Yet she was once the subject to fevered media gossip , especially when she was engaged to Brad Pitt in the mid-1990s . But media intrusion is much worse now , she says . "  The funny thing about it is , when I look back now , it 's nothing compared to what people go through now with the tabloids . I think it 's ramped up to a whole other level . It was strange to be followed around and photographed , " she said . "  But in the ensuing 15 years or whatever it has got a hundred times worse . When I see high profile relationships now , I think , ` Oh my God ' even though I 'm technically in one . But we sort of do n't do anything public , we try to keep it behind the scenes as possible . Because it just generates more interest , and more paparazzi and being followed , and it just undermines the quality of your life . "  It 's just unnecessary to be a public couple , and to have your couple-dom or whatever be its own entity , it does n't make sense to have that in the public world . " However she did make public her struggle to cope with postpartum depression after the birth of her second child Moses in 2006 . It was personally shocking and she felt it was an issue that needed more public attention . "  I had n't heard anyone say , ` I 'm having a very hard time connecting to this baby ' so I could say , ` Me too ' . "  I just thought ' I am a terrible mother , I 'm a terrible person , how has this happened , what 's wrong with me , I just do n't feel well . ' And luckily , after about four months , I started to really come out of it , because some women experience it for much , much longer , " she said . "  But I think that it 's so important for women to know that it happens , it 's common , and there 's nothing wrong with them , and they 're not a bad mother , and to seek help if they need it or at least a support group . "	Gwyneth Paltrow was in Hong Kong filming ` Contagion ' , Steven Soderberg 's new film Her focus is on her family life , which she fits her acting around Works hard to keep out of media glare as much as possible Went public with her postpartum depression after birth of son Moses in 2006
A transgender woman prohibited from competing in a strength competition as a female is suing the fitness company sponsoring the competition , seeking $ 2.5 million in damages . Chloie Jonsson , a personal trainer , charges the CrossFit company with discrimination , intentional infliction of emotional distress and unfair competition in a lawsuit filed Thursday in Santa Cruz , California . While her lawyer calls it a case of discrimination against transgender people , CrossFit 's lawyer calls it protecting the competition . Last year , Jonsson sought to compete in the CrossFit Games , a contest aimed at determining the fittest man and woman . According to the lawsuit , Jonsson has identified herself as a female since her teenage years and is legally recognized by California as a woman . She had sexual reassignment surgery in 2006 and has been on female hormone therapy , according to her lawsuit . The lawsuit alleges that a CrossFit teammate of Jonsson 's sent an anonymous e-mail to the games organizers asking about transgender athletes in the competition . CrossFit determined that competitors in the event had to compete in the gender of their birth . Jonsson disagreed with its decision and the dispute has escalated to a lawsuit . CrossFit maintains that Jonsson was born as a male , so she should compete in the men 's division , according to a letter from the company 's lawyer to Jonsson 's attorney . It also stated that the company had an "  obligation to protect the ` rights ' of all competitors and the competition itself . " "  The fundamental , ineluctable fact is that a male competitor who has a sex reassignment procedure still has a genetic makeup that confers a physical and physiological advantage over women , " according to the letter from CrossFit 's lawyer sent in October . CNN reached out to CrossFit but did not get a response on Thursday . The letter from CrossFit was provided to CNN by Jonsson 's attorney , Waukeen McCoy , who blasted the company 's decision . "  Jonsson  does n't have an advantage over other women . She 's been on estrogen for such a long time , " he said about his client . Hormone replacement therapy for transgender women includes anti-androgen therapy , which nullifies the effects of testosterone to reduce the masculine features of the body . Therapies can also consist of the hormones , estrogen and progesterone to feminize the body . Transgender men receive the opposite types of hormones -- mainly testosterone to masculinze their bodies with features such as increased muscle and hair growth . McCoy said that CrossFit should change its rules to be more like the International Olympic Committee , which allows transgender athletes to compete in their identified gender after undergoing sexual reassignment surgery . "  She 's female , " McCoy said about Jonsson . "  She 's legally female . A corporation like CrossFit , they 're doing business in California . The law precludes from discrimination on gender identity . " He said Jonsson seeks a reversal in the competition 's policy . The lawsuit also alleges that CrossFit 's policy of having to compete in a person 's original birth gender , would require that transgender athletes would have to reveal their personal histories . In essence , that they 'd have to "  out " themselves , even if they sought privacy , the lawsuit alleges . After her sexual reassignment surgery , Jonsson changed all her records to reflect her sex change to female , including her birth certificate , according to her lawsuit . Jonsson kept her background a secret and did not identify herself as transgender , according to the complaint . In a press release statement , Jonsson said : "  If I am going to be forced to out myself , I want it to be for the good for all transgendered people and athletes -- not because of a company 's discriminatory policies . "	Fitness trainer sought to compete in 2013 CrossFit Games Games ' policy requires competitors to be in categories of gender of their birth Chloie Jonsson 's lawyer calls it discrimination against transgender people CrossFit calls it protecting the competition
CNN  -- The company that was laying cable before an explosion last week at a popular Kansas City , Missouri , restaurant -- a blast that killed one person and injured at least 15 others -- did not have a permit for the excavation , a city official said Monday . Those who fail to have such a permit could face a $ 500 fine and up to six months in jail , Assistant City Manager Patrick Klein said . The contractor , Heartland Midwest , previously had worked in Kansas City after obtaining proper permits , according to Klein . But he said the company did not do so last Tuesday , when one of their employees laying fiber optic cable hit a 2-inch gas line with an underground boring machine . The explosion occurred about an hour later , just after 6 p.m. CT  7 p.m. ET  . Officials : Contractor for cable company hit gas line Authorities do not know what caused the leaking gas to ignite , according to Rob Hack , chief operating officer of Missouri Gas Energy . "  But all the damage points to ignition inside the restaurant , " he said , referring to JJ 's restaurant , a popular place near Country Club Plaza , an area filled with upscale shops and restaurants . The contractor called 911 shortly before 5 p.m. to report the gas-line incident , according to Fire Chief Paul Berardi . Mayor Sly James said city firefighters responded to a call about the gas odor a short time later but left the scene after being told by the utility company that everything was under control . A Missouri Gas Energy employee showed up about 20 minutes after the initial call and , after some initial readings on gas-measuring devices , called for backup , Hack said . The utility 's employees then went into businesses asking people to leave and brought in excavating equipment to try to vent the pipe , according to the Missouri Gas Energy official . But while JJ 's restaurant closed early due to an evident natural gas smell , hostess Deidre Estes and other employees were n't in a rush to leave , unaware of the danger they were in . Then , "  Boom ! And everything was black , " Estes told CNN affiliate KCTV . " ... I saw the flames , and I was scared I was going to burn up . And then with all my might , I got this strength and lifted the rubble off . " The explosion had ripped off the restaurant 's roof , sending flames a few stories high into the night sky . Afterward , debris -- including a destroyed backhoe belonging to the gas company -- was stacked 3 - to 4-feet high where the restaurant once stood . CNN 's Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	One person died , others were injured in a blast at a Kansas City , Missouri , restaurant The explosion came after a worker laying cable damaged a 2-inch gas line A city official says the worker 's company did n't have a permit for the excavation Those who do such work without permits could get up to 6 months in jail , he says
CNN  -- For many decades , unlike their counterparts in many Western countries , Chinese police did not carry guns . Even the armed police in China , charged mainly with guarding foreign embassies , government buildings and important facilities , would normally only carry unloaded guns , keeping the bullets separate . A police officer firing a gun was a rarity , because China was a safe country . Recently , however , a major shift is occurring that is significantly changing the landscape , as China faces its own "  war on terror . " With the war in Afghanistan winding down , there has been an intensification of terrorist attacks in China . Most bear the same tell-tale fingerprints . They originate from China 's Xinjiang Autonomous Region , which borders Afghanistan , and are perpetuated by extremists from China 's Uyghur minority , a mainly Turkic-speaking Muslim population . They aim to indiscriminately kill innocent , unarmed people in public places , demonstrating a complete disregard for human life . The deadly terror attack Thursday on Urumqi , the capital of Xinjiang , was the just the latest in a spate of such attacks to strike China since a jeep plowed into a crowd in Beijing 's Tiananmen Square in October , killing five . This week 's attack also involved vehicles -- in this case SUVs that drove into crowds at an open market as its occupants tossed out explosives , leaving at least 39 dead and 90 injured , according to Chinese state media . Other attacks have been carried out by knife-wielding mobs , such as the attack on Kunming train station in March that left 29 dead , according to state media . An attack the following month on an Urumqi train station also involved a knife-wielding mob that swarmed the station after an explosion was detonated . Three people were killed , included two suspected attackers , and 79 injured , according to state media . Days later , men with knives attacked travelers at a train station in Guangzhou , injuring six people , according to Chinese police . There have also been foiled attempts at hijacking airplanes . Faced with an intensification of such attacks , right-thinking people in China are united in unreservedly condemning these crimes against humanity . The Chinese people want peace and stability at home , and many are demanding that the government take resolute measures to combat these terrorist attacks . In response , the Chinese government has authorized the arming of police , and instructed them to shoot -- to kill , if necessary -- in combating such attacks . The government has also significantly beefed up the police presence in many cities , particularly at bus and train stations , airports , public squares , schools and other public places which tend to be the targets of such attacks . READ MORE : Q&A -- tensions in China 's restive far west The Chinese government believes the Uyghur terror groups have been strongly influenced by foreign terror groups . Chinese Uyghur Islamic extremists have previously found their way to Afghanistan , with some winding up in Guantanamo . China 's concern is that such infiltration will see terrorist attacks in China intensify in coming years , in light of a likely resurgence of violence in Afghanistan following the withdrawal of American and NATO forces from the country . Faced with the potential threat of intensified terror attacks , China will need to significantly beef up law-enforcement capacities further and raise public awareness about potential attacks . China will also need to significantly increase international and regional cooperation to effectively deal with any resurgence of terrorism in Afghanistan in the coming years . In this context , the Shanghai Cooperation Organization , the Conference on Interaction and Confidence Building Measures in Asia , and other multilateral frameworks will have significant roles to play in rallying countries in this part of the world to unite in their common struggle against terrorism . Effectively combating terrorism will require an international united front . The international community will not be well served if we start to label terrorist attacks against one country as terrorism , but terrorist attacks against another country by another name . Put simply , an attack that aims to terrorize people by killing and injuring innocents indiscriminately is a terrorist attack -- and should be universally condemned and dealt with as such . Double standards and hypocrisy will only further embolden terrorists , and will leave more innocent people as victims of such crimes . No decent person -- and no religion -- should condone or justify terrorism . If the international community is united , terrorism in China or anywhere else in the world will never win . Let us unite in our common fight against terrorism and extremism in the world , and prevail .	Terror attacks in China intensify as war in Afghanistan winds down Most originate from Xinjiang , a region bordering Afghanistan Chinese terrorists believed to be influenced by foreign groups Chinese demand government clamps down on terrorism
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- A soldier used the Quran -- Islam 's holy book -- for target practice , forcing the chief U.S. commander in Baghdad to issue a formal apology on Saturday . Maj. Gen. Jeffery Hammond apologizes after a soldier admitted using the Quran for target practice . Maj. Gen. Jeffrey Hammond , commander of U.S. forces in Baghdad , flanked by leaders from Radhwaniya in the western outskirts of Baghdad , apologized for the staff sergeant who was a sniper section leader assigned to the headquarters of the 64th Armored Regiment . He also read a letter of apology by the shooter . It was the first time the incident -- which tested the relationship between U.S.-backed Sunni militiamen and the military -- was made public since it was discovered May 11 . "  I come before you here seeking your forgiveness , " Hammond said to tribal leaders and others at the apology ceremony . "  In the most humble manner I look in your eyes today and I say please forgive me and my soldiers . " Watch villagers protest the Quran incident " Another military official kissed a Quran and presented it as "  a humble gift " to the tribal leaders . The soldier , whose name was not released , shot at a Quran on May 9 , villagers said . The Quran used in the incident was discovered two days later , according to the military . Hammond also read from the shooter 's letter : "  I sincerely hope that my actions have not diminished the partnership that our two nations have developed together . ... My actions were shortsighted , very reckless and irresponsible , but in my heart -LSB- the actions -RSB- were not malicious . " Watch Hammond issue apology " A tribal leader said "  the criminal act by U.S. forces " took place at a shooting range at the Radhwaniya police station . After the shooters left , an Iraqi policeman found a target marked in the middle of the bullet-riddled Quran . Copies of the pictures of the Quran obtained by CNN show multiple bullet holes and an expletive scrawled on one of its pages . A military investigation found the shooter guilty and relieved him of duty ; he will be redeployed to the United States for reassignment away from the 1st Brigade of the 4th Infantry Division , a U.S. official said . "  The actions of one soldier were nothing more than criminal behavior , " Hammond said . "  I 've come to this land to protect you , to support you -- not to harm you -- and the behavior of this soldier was nothing short of wrong and unacceptable . " Officials said the soldier claimed he was n't aware the book was the Quran . U.S. officials rejected the claim . Tribal leaders , dignitaries and local security officials attended the ceremony , while residents carried banners and chanted slogans , including "  Yes , yes to the Quran " and "  America out , out . " Sheikh Hamadi al-Qirtani , in a speech on behalf of all tribal sheiks of Radhwaniya , called the incident "  aggression against the entire Islamic world . " The Association of Muslim Scholars in Iraq also condemned the shooter 's actions and the U.S. military 's belated acknowledgment of the incident . "  As the Association of Muslim Scholars condemns this heinous crime against God 's holy book , the Constitution of this nation , a source of pride and dignity , " the groups statement said , "  they condemned the silence by all those who are part of the occupation 's agenda and holds the occupation and the current government fully responsible for this violation and reminds everyone that God preserves his book and he -LSB- God -RSB- is a great avenger . "	U.S. soldier aims at Quran at police shooting range at Iraqi village Soldier relieved of duty , sent to United States for reassignment Officer apologizes in special ceremony at village Residents protest with banners and by chanting slogans
French lawmakers voted Wednesday in favor of making it an offense to pay for sex , a move toward criminalizing use of prostitutes . The bill passed the National Assembly , or lower house , by 268 votes to 138 , with 79 abstaining . It must pass the Senate and be signed by the president before it becomes law , a process that could take several months . Prostitution is currently legal in France for both the prostitute and the client . The measure would impose fines of at least 1,500 euros  about $ 2,000  on people caught paying for sex . The divisive proposal has sparked public demonstrations both for and against , according to CNN affiliate BFM-TV . The vast majority of lawmakers from the governing Socialist Party were expected to vote in favor , with some exceptions . The majority of the opposition center-right UMP is against the measure , as is the Green Party . Socialist lawmaker and former minister Jean Glavany wrote on his blog that he would vote "  with my head , but without enthusiasm . " He said he was backing the law on two grounds : "  on the one hand , the fight against mafia and pimping , on the other hand , social protection and help for prostitutes to reintegrate . " According to the draft bill , research suggests that there are about 20,000 prostitutes in France , of whom 85 % are women . At the same time , 99 % of the clients are men . France witnessed a historic shift between 1990 and 2000 , it says , in which the proportion of foreign-born prostitutes jumped from 10 % to close to 90 % . The countries of origin are principally Romania , Bulgaria , Nigeria and China , it says , showing the "  growing influence of trafficking networks on prostitution . "	France 's lower house votes in favor of a law that penalizes those who pay for sex The bill must be approved by the Senate before it can become law Prostitution is currently legal in France , for both the prostitute and the client
CNN  -- Brazil 's men 's football team are one win away from an historic first Olympic title after a 3-0 defeat of South Korea in Tuesday 's semifinal at London 2012 . The five-time world champions , who have also won the South American championship on eight occasions , will play Mexico at Wembley Stadium on Saturday in the gold medal match . A brace from striker Leandro Damiao , his fifth and sixth goals of the tournament , followed a first-half effort from defensive midfielder Romulo as Brazil proved too much for spirited South Korea . Mexico booked a place in the weekend showpiece courtesy of a similarly comfortable 3-1 win over Japan , who will contest the bronze medal against their Asian rivals in Cardiff on Friday . Spain 's Cazorla joins Arsenal After a bright opening from South Korea , bidding for a first Olympic football medal , Brazil took control and Romulo gave Mano Menezes ' team the lead after 38 minutes with a calm sidefoot finish . The Koreans were furious when a penalty was not awarded for Sandro 's trip on Kim Bokyoung early in the second half , then Damiao took control of the contest . Blog : Will clubs evade Financial Fair Play ? After doubling Brazil 's lead on 57 minutes , the Internacional star made the result safe with a smart prodded finish seven minutes later . Earlier in the day , Mexico , also looking for a first Games medal , had to come from behind after 12 minutes when Yuki Otsu gave Japan the lead . Marco Fabian leveled with 30 minutes played , before Oribe Peralta found the net to give Mexico a 2-1 lead just after the hour mark . As Japan poured forward looking for an equalizer , Javier Cortes broke free in the final seconds to seal victory .	Brazil into the men 's Olympic soccer final after 3-0 win over South Korea The five-time world champions are looking for a first Olympic gold medal Brazil will play Mexico in Saturday 's gold medal match at Wembley Stadium South Korea will face Japan in the bronze medal contest in Cardiff
Chardon , Ohio  CNN  -- Schools throughout the small town of Chardon , Ohio , will be closed Tuesday -- except for counselors on hand to help any students who want to come in to talk , to try to come to grips with the bloodshed that left one of their own dead . Four students , meanwhile , spent the night in local hospitals for gunshot wounds -- two in critical condition at MetroHealth Medical Center in Cleveland , and one in serious condition and another in stable condition at Hillcrest Hospital in Mayfield Heights , Chardon police Chief Police Chief Tim McKenna said late Monday afternoon . They all had been in the Chardon High School cafeteria on Monday morning , when two witnesses saw another student they later identified as T.J. Lane walk up to a table and start firing . "  He was silent the entire time , " said Nate Mueller , who was just a few feet away from the shooter . "  There was no warning or anything . He just opened fire . " A teacher identified by students as Frank Hall helped chase the gunman out of the school . Police arrested the suspect -- whom they have not named , except to say he 's a juvenile -- nearby a short time later . One of Lane 's friends , Haley Kovacik , said she was in "  complete shock " that Lane -- whom she described as a "  a very normal , just teenage boy " -- could be responsible for the mayhem . "  He did have a sad look in his eyes a lot of the time , but he talked normally  and  he never said anything strange , " Kovacik told CNN . "  It is a really big shock . " Another friend , Torilyn LaCasse , saw Lane being picked on regularly at school and said he put a wall around himself , reluctant especially to share anything about his personal life . One glimpse into his mindset may have come December 30 , when Lane posted a long , poetic rant on his Facebook page centered "  in a quaint lonely town ,  where there  sits a man with a frown  who  longed for only one thing , the world to bow at his feet . " "  He was better than the rest , all those ones he detests , within their castles , so vain , " he said , later thanking those who "  liked " the post and saying he 'd written it in class one day . He concluded the post by writing , "  Die , all of you . " A student at Chardon High , Evan Erasmus , said the victims were students who attended a nearby vocational school , and were waiting for a bus to take them there . Lane himself is a student at the Lake Academy Alternative School , said the school 's interim director , Don Ehas . The student killed in Monday 's shooting was identified by his family as Daniel Parmertor . "  Danny was a bright young boy who had a bright future ahead of him . The family is torn by this loss , " the family said in a statement released by MetroHealth Medical Center . Gov. John Kasich ordered flags to be flown at half-staff Tuesday at the Ohio Statehouse , as well as throughout Geauga County , in honor of Parmetor . Why he was killed remains a mystery , as school and law enforcement authorities have not offered details as to the suspect 's motive . "  I just ca n't believe it . I do n't think it 's real , " said student Danny Komertz , who witnessed the shooting . "  And I just , it kills me that I saw someone hiding , and now that someone is now dead . " Komertz said he heard a pop as he was walking with friends . He looked up to see a boy he did not recognize holding a gun , pointing it at a group of four students . "  He just fired two quick shots at them , " said Komertz , a freshman . "  I saw one student fall , and I saw the other hiding , trying to get cover underneath the table . " Komertz said he started to run when he saw the gun , but heard a total of five shots . Multiple calls reporting a shooting flooded into the police dispatch center beginning at 7:38 a.m. , McKenna said . Around that time , student Evan Erasmus said , he had just arrived for his English class when an administrator "  yelled ` lockdown ! ' " over the announcements . "  All of a sudden , all the doors started slamming . You could hear them slam , " Erasmus said . "  And we all turned off the lights , and we headed towards the corner . " After police got word from a dispatcher that a teacher had chased the suspect out of the school , officers went inside , soon followed by paramedics to help the injured students , McKenna said . Neil Thomas , who was in his Spanish class at the time of the shooting , said the actions of teacher Frank Hall , the assistant football coach who is thought to have chased the gunman from the school , were very much in character . "  Coach Hall , he always talks about how much he cares about us students , his team and everyone , " Thomas said . "  And today he really went out and he proved how much he cared about us , that he would take a bullet for us . " It was unclear exactly how the suspect was captured . Initial reports from police indicated that he may have turned himself in to bystanders , but McKenna did not mention that . Instead , he said officers "  came up with the suspect " after starting a search shortly after the shooting . As investigators took over the school , students were evacuated to nearby Maple Elementary School , said Lt. John Hiscox of the sheriff 's office . Local officials , U.S. Education Secretary Arne Duncan and several students credited frequent lockdown drills and the quick response of school authorities for helping keep the situation from becoming worse . The Chardon High shooting was the latest , but hardly the only mass shooting in recent years on school campuses . In addition to several at universities , including an April 2007 rampage at Virginia Tech that left 32 dead , the bloodiest attack on a high school campus was when teens Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold killed 12 students and a teacher before killing themselves at Colorado 's Columbine High in 1999 . Hours after calling off school Monday , Chardon school superintendent Joseph Bergant said there would be no class on Tuesday -- though counselors will be on hand at Chardon Middle School and St. Mary Chardon School , which is alongside the church in which a candlelight vigil is set for 7 p.m. Tuesday , according to the superintendent . "  I hope that every parent , if you have n't hugged or kissed your family in the last couple of days , take that time , " Bergant said . CNN 's Martin Savidge , Lisa Sylvester , Michael Pearson , Melissa Gray , Chuck Johnston , Richard Greene and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	NEW : Flags will be at half-staff at the Ohio Statehouse and in Geauga County , the governor says Witnesses say student T.J. Lane walked up to a table and started firing He was then chased out by a teacher and arrested , witnesses and authorities say A friend says that Lane seemed like "  a very normal , just teenage boy "
Florence 's best buys tend to be leather goods , designer wear and food . Roberto Cavalli 's Florence store , just one of the city 's many high-end boutiques If money is no object , head to Via Tornabuoni , Florence 's answer to 5th Avenue , and snap up Prada , Gucci , and local-born designers Cavalli , Ferragamo and Pucci . If your budget does n't stretch that far , head south to the city outskirts by car or taxi to the designer outlets where you can pick up luxury goods from Dolce and Gabbana and more at bargain prices  www.outlet-firenze.com . For hand-made cashmere or silk-lined leather gloves , try Madora  Via Guicciardini 1/R ; +39 055 239 6526  . Some people travel all the way to Florence just to shop here . If you have ever admired Sting 's suits , you can buy one of your own from Piero and Franco Cisternino  Via del Purgatorio 22/R ; +39 055 280 118  who make men 's suits to measure . One of the most beautiful shops in Florence is an ancient herbal pharmacy or apothecary , Farmaceutica di Santa Maria Novella  Via della Scala 16 ; +39 055 216 276  , set in a 13th-century frescoed chapel . Its world renowned products include pomegranate perfume , orange blossom water and carnation milk soap . Italians have typically been late adopters of vintage fashion but Elio Ferraro  Via del Parione 47/R ; +39 055 290 425 ; www.elioferraro.com  was ahead of the game . A visit to his gallery/shop will unearth vintage Yves Saint Laurent , Dior and Chanel from the 1930s onwards . ... . Florence City Guide : Where to stay | What to see | Where to be seen | Where to eat | Where to shop ... . Do you agree with our Florence picks ? Send us your comments and suggestions in the "  Sound Off " box below and we 'll print the best .	Florence 's shopping is n't cheap : think high-end luxury goods Italian designers can be found on Via Tornabuoni -- and also at the outlet mall Florence is famous for its quality leather goods , like silk-lined gloves Made-to-measure suits and vintage fashions can also be found
Washington  CNN  -- Republicans are committing political suicide and putting the support of an entire generation on the line by opposing an overhaul of U.S. immigration laws , President Barack Obama said Thursday night . "  It 's anybody 's guess how Republicans are thinking about this , " Obama said during a town hall event in Santa Monica , California . "  If they were thinking long-term politically , it is suicide for them not to do this . " "  Because the demographics of the country are such that you will lose a generation of immigrants which says , ` That party does n't seem to care about me , ' " he said . "  In the short term , they have a problem with the tea party and others who often express virulently anti-immigrant sentiment . " The President repeated his vow to sign an executive order making changes to the immigration system after the November 4 midterm elections . But he said "  all the executive authority I legally have " wo n't be as effective as Congress approving legislation would be . Obama said he will make visa changes to allow more technically skilled workers to enter the United States , and noted that naturalized Americans have won 25 % of the country 's Nobel Prizes in the sciences . "  And so the idea that we would make it harder for talent to come here -- especially when so often that talent is coming to study here , going to school here , wants to stay here , wants to work here , wants to invest here -- makes no sense , " he said . Obama had planned to sign an immigration-related executive order by now as part of his "  pen and phone " strategy to bypass a gridlocked Congress . But a flood of unaccompanied children over the U.S.-Mexico border over the summer led the White House to delay that move until after the midterm elections . House Speaker John Boehner sharply criticized Obama on Thursday for the delay , which he called "  raw politics , " designed to help endangered Senate Democrats keep their majority . The Ohio Republican issued a joint statement with House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte , a Virginia Republican . "  It 's shocking that the White House now openly admits that President Obama is delaying his unilateral actions on immigration until after the November elections simply because of raw politics , " the two said . Boehner and Goodlatte said no matter the timing , it 's "  never acceptable " for presidents to issue executive decrees that rewrite laws . "  By taking unilateral action on immigration , President Obama will inject serious constitutional questions into an already heated debate , " the two said . "  Such shortsighted actions will undermine the American people 's trust in the President 's commitment to enforcing our immigration laws and will further set back any chance of enacting immigration reform . "	President Obama says opposing immigration reform will hurt Republicans politically He says the GOP risks "  losing a generation of immigrants " Obama says he still plans to take executive action on immigration after the November elections
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- A Libyan woman who stormed into a Tripoli hotel Saturday , telling foreign reporters that she had been raped by government troops , has been released , and her case is being investigated , government spokesman Moussa Ibrahim said Sunday . The matter is "  a criminal case against four individuals " who have an attorney , he said . Among those accused by Eman al-Obeidy is the son of a high-ranking official , he said . The general attorney is looking into the case . The woman "  has n't committed , you know , any particular major offense , " Ibrahim said . "  She just entered a place she was n't supposed to enter . " He said al-Obeidy and her family have been asked if they want to be interviewed by "  one or two , preferably female , reporters to verify that she 's fine , she 's healthy , she 's free with her family . " But Ibrahim refused to take further questions on the issue Sunday , noting that Libyan society is "  very conservative . " CNN 's Nic Robertson , who has been on the ground in Tripoli since February 27 , cautioned against taking Ibrahim 's statements as fact , noting that "  oftentimes what he says does n't match reality . " "  We 've been told by the government that she 's with her family , but when we asked , ` Could we go and see them ? ' the government official said that would be up to the family , " Robertson said , adding that journalists have indeed been in touch with the family , who have said they would grant permission to see al-Obeidy . However , international journalists , including CNN 's staff , are not allowed to move freely in the Libyan capital and are escorted out of the hotel only on organized outings by government minders . Saturday 's incident was the first time a Libyan opposed to Gadhafi attempted to independently approach the journalists in Tripoli . Robertson also tried to ask Ibrahim about statements the spokesman made referring to al-Obeidy as a prostitute , but he declined to answer the question while saying , "  I 'm not withdrawing from what I said . " "  We need to protect her privacy , her daughter 's rights when she grows up , " Ibrahim said . "  We need to make this as criminal case , as legal a case as possible without talking about people 's history , their files , their previous crimes or their lifestyle . " Wedad Omar , the woman 's cousin , told CNN that the 30-year-old al-Obeidy is single and does not have a daughter . Al-Obeidy burst into the hotel Saturday as international journalists were having breakfast . Her face was bruised , as were her legs . She showed the journalists blood on her right inner thigh . Speaking in English , she said she was from the rebel stronghold of Benghazi and had been held against her will for two days and raped by 15 men . "  Look at what Gadhafi 's brigades did to me , " she said . "  My honor was violated by them . " She displayed what appeared to be visible rope burns on her wrists and ankles . CNN could not independently verify al-Obeidy 's story , but her injuries appeared consistent with what she said . Government officials moved to stifle her , but she persisted . Security forces moved to subdue her , and even a member of the hotel 's kitchen staff drew a knife . "  Traitor ! " he shouted at her . Another staffer attempted to throw a dark tablecloth over her head . One government official , who was there to facilitate access for journalists , pulled a pistol from his belt . Others scuffled with the journalists and wrestled them to the ground in an attempt to take away their equipment . Some journalists were beaten and kicked . CNN 's camera was confiscated and deliberately smashed beyond repair . Security men said al-Obeidy was "  mentally ill " and was being taken to a "  hospital " as they dragged her to a waiting white car . She insisted she was being taken to jail , saying , "  If you do n't see me tomorrow , then that 's it . " Officials later said the woman was sane and would bring criminal charges against her attackers . CNN 's Nic Robertson , Reza Sayah and Khalil Abdallah contributed to this report	The matter is "  a criminal case , " says government spokesman Moussa Ibrahim Eman al-Obeidy is at home with her family , he says "  She ... entered a place she was n't supposed to enter "
CNN  -- Tiger Woods produced some of his best golf to give himself a massive lead heading into final round of the BMW Championship as broke the Cog Hill course record . Woods carded a course-record 62 in the third round of the BMW Championship at Cog Hill , Illinois . The world number one had been tied at the top of the leaderboard with fellow - American Mark Wilson after the second round , but pulled clear of the field after he carded a course-record third round 62 . Woods had a 16-under total of 197 , seven shots ahead of American Brandt Snedeker , who carded a 66 , and Australian Marc Leishman , who posted a 68 . Ireland 's Padraig Harrington hit a 69 for 205 and is next in line with American Matt Kuchar , who shot a round of 66 . The Illinois course has proved a popular hunting ground for Woods who is a four-time winner of the event and his impressive nine-under round included a superb eagle at the ninth . Woods ' round broke the previous record of 62 at the course , while he also equaled the tournament record which had been set by Jim Furyk at Bellerive in September 2008 , and he admitted something just clicks when he plays the Cog Hill course . "  I played here even as an amateur in the old Western Open - I 've always felt comfortable playing this golf course - I 've always liked it , " Woods told the PGA Tour Web site . "  Even though the golf course has changed this year for us , the routing is still the same , and I 've always felt comfortable playing this golf course for some reason , and even though , for instance , they changed Torrey Pines South , I still feel comfortable on the property . And this is very similar to that . "  The round just kind of built upon itself . I bogeyed one right out of the gate and birdied three to get back . It just kind of built it over itself . I made a nice save there at five after hitting a really good drive , landed in the fairway and kind of ran into an impossible spot . "  Birdieing six and then good save at seven , it kind of just built . And then going birdie-eagle to finish off the front nine , you 're always can make up shot from eight to 11 , and I did today . "  The only hole I did n't take care of was 10 . I wanted to hit wedge in there so bad , but coming out of the first cut , I wanted to take over the green out of play , and I came up a little bit short . " Woods added : "  I did drive well today . I 've driven it good all week . Actually the last few weeks I 've felt like I 've driven the ball much better . "  You know , when I 'm able to get it down there , obviously with my length , I can get in there with some shorter clubs . This golf course has allowed me to kind of get down there a little bit . "  When we were playing at Liberty National , it was kind of hard to get the ball down there . It just did n't fit . Some of the tees were up and some of the angles just did n't quite fit . But this golf course , it fits . " The $ 7.5 million tournament is the third event in the US PGA Tour 's FedEx Cup playoff series and a victory for Woods would put him back at the top of the standings after he relinquished the place to Steve Stricker last week .	Tiger Woods hit a course-record 62 to take control of the BMW Championship The world number one is seven strokes ahead of the chasing pack on 16-under Woods well ahead of nine-under-par pair Brandt Snedeker and Marc Leishman Padraig Harrington and Matt Kuchar are both tied for third position at Cog Hill
CNN  -- Eman al-Obeidy , the woman who caught the world 's attention when she accused members of Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 's forces of gang-raping her , arrived Monday at a refugee facility in Romania . Al-Obeidy had fled Libya and was awaiting resettlement as a refugee in Qatar when she was deported Thursday and sent back to Benghazi in Libya . On Sunday , a high-level U.S. State Department source told CNN that al-Obeidy was on her way to Malta with her father , and would head to a processing center in Europe before leaving for a final destination . It may take weeks before she gets to that destination . Another U.S. State Department source said Sunday the United States was deeply concerned about her well-being , and worked closely with officials in Europe and Libya to get her safely out of the country . The same source said the U.S. is "  prepared to provide whatever help and support Eman may need . " Al-Obeidy has told CNN on repeated occasions that she wants to go to the United States . One of the State Department sources told CNN that Secretary of State Hillary Clinton "  has been deeply interested in the case and has followed it throughout . " Al-Obeidy was reportedly beaten before being deported from Qatar . Najah Dawaji , a U.S.-based Libyan freedom activist , said she was with three key members of Libya 's opposition Transitional National Council when they learned that al-Obeidy was forced from Doha and arrived in Benghazi on Thursday . She said al-Obeidy had a black eye , bruises on her legs and scratches on her arms . Al-Obeidy told a journalist that officials in the Transitional National Council had pressured the Qataris to expel her . After arriving in Qatar , al-Obeidy had made public statements saying the Transitional National Council was using her . The council denied that . Council members were upset upon seeing al-Obeidy 's condition and vowed to open an investigation , Dawaji said . The United States said it was "  disappointed " by al-Obeidy 's expulsion , which it said was "  a breach of humanitarian norms . " Amnesty International called the deportation "  outrageous , " saying the action by the Qatari government "  is a serious breach by Qatar of its international obligations . " CNN 's Khalil Abdallah and Nic Robertson contributed to this report .	Al-Obeidy was deported from Qatar last week She was on her way to Malta on Sunday , a source said She was reportedly beaten before being deported back to Benghazi last week
CNN  -- As the first president-elect with a Facebook page and a YouTube channel , Barack Obama is poised to use the Internet to communicate directly with Americans in a way unknown to previous presidents . Since the election , President-elect Barack Obama has posted weekly video addresses on YouTube . Judging by Obama 's savvy use of social-networking sites during his campaign and the interactive nature of his transition team 's Web site , Americans can expect a president who bypasses the traditional media 's filters while reaching out to citizens for input , observers say . "  The rebooting of our democracy has begun , " said Andrew Rasiej , founder of Personal Democracy Forum and the techPresident blog . " -LSB- Obama -RSB- has the potential to transform the relationship between the American public and their democracy . " During the presidential race , Obama 's campaign won praise for its innovative use of social-networking sites , including Facebook , MySpace and MyBarackObama.com , to announce events , rally volunteers and raise money . Facebook has more than 150 million active users , and the average user has 100 friends on the site , according to the company . iReport.com : Your chance to ask President-elect Obama a question Obama has more than 1 million MySpace "  friends " and more than 3.7 million "  supporters " on his official Facebook page -- some 700,000 more than when he was elected in November . His campaign also has a database of almost 13 million supporters and their e-mail addresses . Transition officials hope to transform Obama 's vast Web operation and electronic list of supporters into a 21st-century tool to help accomplish his goals as president . They even have a name for this ambitious effort : Obama 2.0 . "  Obama has invented an alternative media model , " said CNN senior political analyst Bill Schneider . "  In the old model , the president talks to the people on television -LSB- and -RSB- the people talk back in polls . In the new model , communication is online , and two-way . " Facebook , MySpace , YouTube and Twitter did n't exist when George W. Bush took office eight years ago . But since last November 's election , Obama has wasted no time embracing these online communication portals . In recent weeks he has taped weekly video addresses and posted them to YouTube , where most have been viewed hundreds of thousands of times . Obama 's staffers also have stopped posting information to social-networking sites since the election , preferring to reach out to constituents through YouTube and Change.gov , the official site of the president-elect 's transition team . Visitors to Change.gov can read a frequently updated blog , post their ideas on issues facing the country , and rate others ' ideas . Top-rated ideas will be gathered into a briefing book and given to Obama after he takes office . "  They want information going not just from them to the voters , but from the voters back to them , " Democratic strategist Steve McMahon said Wednesday on CNN 's "  The Situation Room . " "  Thirteen million people pushing a button , sending an e-mail to their elected representatives , making a phone call , taking action , is a powerful , powerful lobbying tool . " "  It 's a very smart use of the Internet , to get people to offer ideas , " said David All , a Republican Internet strategist . All hopes that Obama and his staff take a similar approach to WhiteHouse.gov , the president 's official Web site . The current WhiteHouse.gov site , operated by the Bush administration , contains few interactive features . A statement on the president-elect 's transition site says that Obama hopes to "  use cutting-edge technologies to create a new level of transparency , accountability , and participation for America 's citizens . " It 's fitting , then , that Obama 's inauguration next week could be one of the most watched video events in Internet history . Rasiej expects that hordes of users will be watching online when Obama takes the oath of office , visiting WhiteHouse.gov and refreshing their browsers to capture the moment the site switches to proclaim Obama , not George W. Bush , as president . As president , Obama will likely not just rely on WhiteHouse.gov but use multiple Internet sites and technological tools to build grass-roots support for his agenda , observers say . " -LSB- Obama -RSB- is using the tools that are available to him today , " All told CNN . "  The next president will be using some of the same tools , and also some tools that have n't been invented yet . "	As president , Barack Obama will use the Web to communicate directly with citizens Obama can bypass traditional media filters while reaching out to Americans Political-tech expert : "  The rebooting of our democracy has begun " Transition officials have a name for this online communications effort : Obama 2.0
CNN  -- You can be sure of one thing . Gore Vidal hates being dead . Unless of course we die and go somewhere where you can write , drink , have sex , appear on TV and , above all else , talk . I once asked Gore his philosophy of how to conduct your life . The immediate answer : "  Never turn down an opportunity for sex or being on TV . " He wrote enough for 10 men . Aside from his prodigious output of novels , historic and political essays , movies , TV scripts and hit plays , he was -- I feel safe in saying -- the best talker since Oscar Wilde . I got to spend a lot of time with Gore , on and off the air , and there was always a sort of afterglow . You felt you had just had a lovely bath in the elegant and witty use of our sadly declining English language . Gore 's talk , if transcribed , could be printed without editing . If there seemed to be some preening in his prepared remarks on television -- and he knew a good line was worth repeating -- it was outweighed by the quality of the verbal prose . In my notorious show known now through the ages as "  Cavett 's Mailer/Vidal Fight , " there was a particular answer of Gore 's to a challenge by Norman Mailer that actually got applause for , I think , its simple elegance : Gore had gotten a laugh , a feat difficult for Mailer to achieve . The exchange went : Mailer : Why do n't you try to talk just once , Gore , without yuks ? Why not just talk to me instead of talking to the audience ? Vidal : Well , by a curious thing we have not found ourselves in a friendly neighborhood bar , but both , by election , are sitting here with an audience , so therefore it would be dishonest of us to pretend otherwise  applause  . Hard to imagine Mitt Romney fashioning that sentence . Much ink was spilled all over the country about that show . Asked by a journalist what comment he had about Mailer 's head-butting him backstage , Gore said , "  Once again , words failed Norman Mailer . " Opinion : Vidal 's magnificent strengths , appalling weaknesses My late wife and Gore became great friends . They laughed constantly together , often on the subject of their mutual knowledge of dwelling in the American South . Gore 's favorite was her description of an elegant family dinner table in Mississippi with much lace and candles and crystal and the elderly matriarch -- bedecked in rich brocade and a jeweled tiara -- making her way unsteadily to the table after a touch or two of bourbon and Seconal upstairs . Moments later , when she pitched forward into the cold soup , a family member , wielding a napkin and skilled in Deep South euphemism , would invariably say , "  Mama 's tired . " Gore later signed a book to my late wife , "  For Carrie Nye : So tah 'd . Gore . " She always said of him that for a man who describes himself as bisexual , "  Gore really , really likes women . " Like all writers  it 's almost safe to say  he was a big drinker .  See Hemingway , Fitzgerald , Faulkner , Cheever , Mailer , et al.  I once startled Gore by saying I 'd just read that each drink kills more than 10,000 brain cells . He paled . "  But you 've got billions of brain cells , " I reassured him . Gore responded : "  But I 've had billions of drinks . " Quotes of his are collected . It would be hard to dislike a man who was opposed to gay marriage " ... because heterosexual marriage is such a disaster , why would anyone want to imitate it ? " Or of Andy Warhol : "  The only genius I 've ever known with an IQ of 60 . " Opinion : My friend , il maestro Gore Vidal I do n't have Gore 's exact wording , but he once urged the idea that anyone who professes himself qualified to run for president of the United States should be immediately stopped and prevented from doing so . He once made the statement -- only partially seriously ? -- that the country 's problems were all potentially curable by the simple method of listening to what he said . He ran the only witty political campaign this side of Adlai Stevenson . He likely would not have made a great occupant of the Oval Office , but imagine the fun of those press conferences ! I once did a half-hour show , seen on PBS , with Gore from his fabulous castle-like home perched above a gorgeous valley at Ravello , Italy . Jet lag awoke me early one morning , and I peeked into his closed writing room . An old-style Royal typewriter sat at the precise center of a long , heavy antique table . Books extended outward from both sides of the typewriter for a couple of feet in both directions , all of them written by the occupant . I closed the door again , quietly , and got my breath . The fact that some feel his greatest work is in his collected essays should be a word to the wise . They 're stunning . What a man and what a loss . I do n't see how anyone could say or think anything negative about one who said , "  Success is not enough . One 's friends must fail . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dick Cavett .	Dick Cavett : Unless there 's debauchery , talk in the afterlife , Gore Vidal hates being dead Cavett says his friend was a wonderful talker and witty , eloquent and prolific writer Cavett : You ca n't think ill of one who said , "  Success is not enough . One 's friends must fail "
LifeWire  -- Colleen Hiltbrunner spent two years researching her dream trip to South Africa . But she was n't looking for the perfect safari lodge . She was hunting for the right cosmetic surgeon . When she told her family , it was n't an easy sell . "  South Africa ? You 're going to get some kind of witch doctor , " she recalls her father saying . "  But I told him they perfected some of the first heart surgeries down there . To me , South Africa had the most reputable surgeons . " Hiltbrunner , of Colorado Springs , Colorado , traveled to Johannesburg in 2004 for a face-lift , upper arm lift and eyelid surgery . And she and her husband -- who had n't taken a vacation in 20 years -- went on a luxury safari , included in the package by medical-travel agency Surgeon and Safari . "  Medical tourism " may sound strange , but patients are discovering they can get some cosmetic surgeries abroad for less than the U.S. price . And many surgeries include sightseeing packages . The roster of countries in which hospitals and surgeons are marketing their services to foreigners is growing . South Africa , Argentina , Thailand , Brazil , Costa Rica , India and Singapore have become major players . Robert Painter , a travel writer from Albuquerque , New Mexico , journeyed last year to Argentina for dental surgeries -- and tango lessons : "  If I 'm going to be stuck somewhere for two weeks at a time , twice , Buenos Aires has got to be the best possible place , " he says Painter 's procedures were organized by Plenitas , a medical-travel facilitator in Buenos Aires , which booked him at a hotel with a dance studio in the back . He was n't the only guest getting surgery : "  While I was there , there was a young lady who was also having implants -- though not of the dental type . " Cost-cutting pros and cons Cosmetic , or elective , procedures are n't covered by insurance , so cost remains the motivating factor for most medical tourists . Surgeries in many countries cost half or even one-fifth what they would in the U.S. -- including airfare , hotel and excursions . "  A full face-lift that would cost $ 20,000 in the U.S. runs about $ 1,250 in South Africa , " a 2005 article in U-Daily , the University of Delaware 's online news service noted . Faith Richter , of Hope Sound , Florida , got a face-lift in Bangkok , Thailand . Her trip was organized by New York City 's Med Journeys . "  In the U.S. , it would have cost $ 20,000 for the procedure alone , with no time in the hospital , " she says . In Bangkok , Richter was in the hospital four days , and the total cost of her 19-day trip , including sightseeing and airfare for two , was $ 10,600 . Painter estimates he saved $ 18,000 on his surgeries . "  Cost was the primary factor , " he says . "  The only factor . " Medical costs abroad are less than in the U.S. for many reasons -- favorable exchange rates , lower salaries and fewer medical lawsuits , which means lower malpractice-insurance costs . But the International Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgery warns against low-cost surgery . "  Get bargains on your shoes and laundry detergent , not on your face , " says spokesman Tony Staffieri . "  Researching the quality of doctors should be a patient 's primary consideration , but it is n't always , " he says . "  Some people think ` tummy tuck and shopping . ' This is not makeup ; it 's somebody cutting you . " Some medical professionals fear that patients will overlook the severity of invasive surgeries and fail to ask the right questions . More casual attitudes toward plastic surgery -- spurred by lunch-break Botox treatments and same-day liposuctions , paired with temptingly cheap alternatives and vacation packages -- increase the risk of bad outcomes . Even stateside , cosmetic surgery can have tragic results . "  First Wives Club " author Olivia Goldsmith died during a chin-tuck in 2004 , and this year Kanye West 's mother , Donda , died after a tummy tuck and breast reduction . However , a 2004 study published in the official medical journal of the American Society of Plastic Surgeons , Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery , found that "  deaths occurring at office-based surgery facilities  in the U.S.  are rare -- less than a quarter of a percent . " Quality surgeons Medical tourism experts counter criticism by saying that cheaper prices do n't necessarily mean lower quality of care . "  In general , it is the hospitals and facilities that have justifiable claim to ` world-class ' status or to meeting or exceeding U.S. standards that are competing for patients from the United States and other countries , " says Jeff Schult , author of "  Beauty from Afar : A Medical Tourist 's Guide to Affordable and Quality Cosmetic Care Outside the U.S. " The authors of a 2006 "  New England Journal of Medicine " article confirm the high standards of internationally accredited hospitals : "  We doubt  ...  that the average U.S. hospital can offer better outcomes for common complex operations . " "  Almost 80 percent of the doctors we use have been trained in the U.S. or U.K. , " says Tim Wallace , vice president of sales and marketing for Med Journeys . "  It gives the American consumer a degree of confidence . " Richter , a registered nurse , agrees that standards are high abroad . "  After the surgery , the nurses were there for me 100 percent , " she says . "  At home , we 're so understaffed and overburdened , and inundated with paperwork . " When Painter visited U.S. dentists , "  I felt like I was being processed for a home loan , " he says . "  In Argentina , I had three dentists working on me at once . " While medical tourism continues to increase in popularity , it 's still not mainstream . When Richter left for Bangkok , she "  did n't tell a soul , not even my seven children , who are almost all in the medical field . They would have had a stroke . "  At Thanksgiving , though , they were all saying , ` You really do look good . ' " E-mail to a friend LifeWire provides original and syndicated content to web publishers . Neil Edward Schlecht writes about travel , food and wine . He lives in Litchfield County , Connecticut .	Tummy tuck tourism is on the rise as companies make arrangements Most cosmetic procedures not covered by insurance Prices overseas are cheaper Company : 80 percent of doctors they use are trained in U.S.
CNN  -- A major winter storm with heavy snow and ice was heading from Texas and Oklahoma to points east , with 8 to 10 inches of snow possible in some locales , the National Weather Service said Friday . Forecasters warned of large accumulations of ice in places such as the north Georgia mountains , causing hazardous driving conditions . Ice and heavy wet snow on power lines could cause power outages . "  The precipitation will briefly transition back to light snow or flurries Saturday before ending Saturday afternoon , " the weather service said . By Friday afternoon the storm was either in or on its way to parts of Virginia , West Virginia , the Carolinas , Tennessee , Kentucky and Arkansas . Forecasters issued severe storm warnings for these states . It already was snowing in the afternoon in downtown Nashville , Tennessee . Although the snow did n't appear to be sticking , it was expected to form ice in the evening on bridges and overpasses , said CNN meteorologist Chad Myers . iReport : Share your photos and video "  This is actually an ice event more than a snow event , not so much for Nashville , but places south of there ... from Memphis -LSB- Tennessee -RSB- to Little Rock -LSB- Arkansas -RSB- , and even over to Chattanooga -LSB- Tennessee -RSB- , " Myers said . He said rain was on tap for Atlanta , Georgia , but the precipitation was to move northeastward and evolve into snow by the time it reaches Virginia and West Virginia . The brunt of the storm stretched from Oklahoma to eastern Tennessee and down to southern Mississippi on Friday afternoon , bringing snow , sleet , freezing drizzle or rain . Oklahoma City 's Will Rogers World Airport closed all its runways at 2:30 p.m. local time because of "  deteriorating weather conditions . " "  While airport maintenance crews have been working nonstop clearing the runways , heavily falling snow and near zero visibility have kept them from being able to improve conditions , " an airport news release said . It gave no prediction of when the runways could be reopened .	Storm in or on its way to Virginia , W. Virginia , Carolinas , Tennessee , Kentucky , Arkansas There is snow and ice in Nashville and north Georgia mountains Oklahoma City closes runways Friday afternoon with near zero visibility
CNN  -- South African prosecutors will appeal the verdict and the sentence in the Oscar Pistorius case , a spokesman for the country 's National Prosecuting Authority told CNN on Monday . A judge sentenced Pistorius to five years in prison last week after finding the double-amputee track star guilty of culpable homicide , or negligent killing , in the shooting death of his girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp . Pistorius acknowledged shooting Steenkamp in February 2013 . Prosecutors claim he wanted to kill her ; Pistorius said he mistook her for an intruder and her killing was a tragic accident . The appeal does n't necessarily mean either the verdict or the sentence against Pistorius will be thrown out , said CNN legal analyst Kelly Phelps . And it 's even less likely he will be freed at the end of what 's likely to be a six-month process , she said . "  There 's no real prospect of his acquittal out of this , " she said . Prosecutors are arguing that Judge Thokozile Masipa misinterpreted a complex South African standard defining a technical form of intent that proved to be a central aspect of the case , Phelps said . As a result , prosecutors argue , he should not have been convicted on the culpable homicide charge chosen by the judge . Prosecutors originally took Pistorius to trial on a murder charge . In explaining her sentence , Masipa concluded that Pistorius did not intend to kill Steenkamp . But critics of the verdict have argued the judge did n't correctly apply the intent standard , which is broader in South African law than what it typically means in casual conversation , Phelps said . In their appeal of the sentence , prosecutors would have to prove the five years given by Masipa is "  shockingly inappropriate " in light of sentencing guidelines and similar cases , according to Phelps . Prosecutor Gerrie Nel called for a minimum sentence of 10 years , saying the negligence in Pistorius ' actions "  borders on intent . " If an appeals court finds that five years is "  shockingly inappropriate , " the court could set the sentence aside and issue a new one , she said . But appeals courts in South Africa are reluctant to get involved in sentencing decisions , Phelps said . Pistorius ' uncle , Arnold Pistorius , told CNN 's Robyn Curnow , "  We take note of the announcement made by the state . The legal process must take its course . " CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin and Brent Swails contributed to this report .	South African prosecutors to appeal verdict and sentence in the Oscar Pistorius case Appeal does n't mean Pistorius is getting out , CNN legal analyst Kelly Phelps says The verdict can be changed only if a court rules the judge misapplied law , Phelps says Sentence must be found to be "  shockingly inappropriate " if appeal is to succeed , she says
