CNN Student News  -- February 5 , 2014 A great deal of technology goes into today 's show . It 's included in reports on high-speed Internet access , a massive social media company , and a proposal for cars to "  talk " to one another . We also discuss yet another winter wallop for parts of the U.S. , and we examine the details of an airplane that 'll probably never fly . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What elements and perspectives might make a report on technology more interesting to a young audience ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . state of emergency 2 . Facebook 3 . vehicle-to-vehicle technology Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What region of the country is digging out of a record-breaking snowfall ? What regions are facing a second storm ? According to the video , why are some central New Jersey officials blaming the Super Bowl for hindering their ability to battle the snow ? 2 . What initiative regarding technology and schools did President Obama announce yesterday ? Who is helping to sponsor this program ? According to the video , what do some critics have to say about children and technology ? 3 . How old is Facebook this week ? How many active monthly users does Facebook have ? According to the video , how has Facebook changed the way we find and interact with each other ? 4 . How does the vehicle-to-vehicle technology seen in the video work ? What kind of information would the cars share ? According to the Department of Transportation , what impact could the technology have on car safety ? How could this technology impact car prices ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What do you know about the declaration of a "  state of emergency " ? Why might a governor declare a state of emergency ? Why do you think that such a declaration can help states recover from natural disasters ? 2 . What are your views on Facebook ? Do you think that it has had a positive or negative impact on human communication ? State your rationale . In your opinion , will history put Facebook in a favorable or unfavorable light ? Explain . 3 . What do you think the future holds for social media sites like Facebook and Twitter ? 4 . How might the vehicle-to-vehicle technology seen in the video promote defensive driving ? Have you ever taken a course that focuses on defensive driving ? If so , share some of the tips you learned . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Americans should n't expect to see the 62,000 U.S. troops in Afghanistan come home any time soon , no matter who is declared the victor in the country 's presidential election . U.S. Marines patrol near Herat , Afghanistan , in July . In fact , the Pentagon is planning to add 6,000 troops by the end of the year . Ballot counting continued Friday , a day after Afghans went to the polls in the nation 's second presidential election since the 2001 fall of the Taliban , the strict Islamic theocracy that emerged from the country 's civil war in the 1990s . Pre-election polls showed President Hamid Karzai and his former foreign minister , Abdullah Abdullah , as the front-runners . U.S. policy would hold course under either , experts said . Moreover , a senior U.S. military official said last month that Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan , was expected to request even more U.S. troops be sent there . But Defense Secretary Robert Gates has signaled he 'd like to wait and gauge the impact of the full 68,000 troops first . President Obama on Friday emphasized that the United States does not favor any particular candidate . "  Our goal is clear : to disrupt , dismantle and defeat al Qaeda and their extremist allies , " he said . "  That goal will be achieved -- and our troops will be able to come home -- as Afghans continue to strengthen their own capacity and take responsibility for their own future . " Earlier this month , Gates said it would take "  a few years " to defeat the Taliban and al Qaeda , the terror network behind the 9/11 attacks that was given haven under Taliban rule . Gates further said it was a "  mystery " how long U.S. troops would remain in Afghanistan . Officials have told U.S. Senate investigators that any progress in Afghanistan will be "  incremental " and could take between two and 10 years . October 7 will mark the war 's eighth anniversary . Almost 800 U.S. troops have died in Afghanistan since the war began , including more than 110 this year . The United States has spent more than $ 220 billion on Afghanistan since 2001 . It is now spending about $ 4 billion a month . U.S. troops in the country took a back seat to Afghan security forces during Thursday 's balloting , but one U.S. soldier was killed in a mortar strike Thursday . Watch how Afghans went to the polls Thursday " Obama has made Afghanistan a centerpiece of his foreign policy , saying ignoring the country or leaving it to fend for itself poses a direct threat of another 9/11-style attack . "  This is not a war of choice ; this is a war of necessity . Those who attacked America on 9/11 are plotting to do so again , " Obama said this week . Daniel Markey , a senior fellow with the Council on Foreign Relations , put it in softer but similar terms . "  We should care about -LSB- U.S. -RSB- troops , but we should also care about stability in Afghanistan so we do n't see a return to something that looks like pre-9 / 11 Afghanistan , " he said . Not everyone agrees . Stephen Walt , a professor of international affairs at Harvard University 's John F. Kennedy School of Government , said he 's not convinced that ousting the Taliban from Afghanistan would make the U.S. safer . Terrorists will find other havens , he said , and there 's no guarantee that a Taliban ouster from Afghanistan would be permanent . "  The military and police force we 're trying to create is going to cost substantially more than the Afghan budget , " Walt said . Also , he said , the Taliban of today is not the Taliban of 2001 . It 's more a loose coalition of small groups than a broad , unified organization , he said . In an article published this week in Foreign Policy , Walt drew parallels to the Soviet Union 's departure from Afghanistan in 1989 . "  The mujaheddin did n't ` follow them home , ' " he wrote of the Afghan fighters who pushed out the Soviets . "  Were the United States to withdraw from Afghanistan and the Taliban to regain power  or end up sharing power , which is more likely  , going after the United States wo n't even be on their ` to do ' list . "	NEW : President Obama says U.S. goal remains defeating al Qaeda , its allies U.S. policy to stay course in Afghanistan no matter who wins voting , experts say Pentagon boosting troops in country , where U.S. is spending $ 4 billion a month Some want U.S. to keep nation stable ; others say terrorists will just find other havens
His mother ran down the street , tears streaming down her face . His father said he was "  devastated . " When a Missouri grand jury decided not to indict Ferguson police Officer Darren Wilson in his fatal shooting , Michael Brown 's family believed they were denied justice . Ahead of the decision announced late Monday , Michael Brown Sr. called for calm . After word of the grand jury decision broke , some protesters smashed the windows of a police cruiser and tried to overturn it . Others picked up bricks and smashed the windows of a restaurant . Police responded by firing tear gas . A chant arose , " F*ck the police ! " The unrest came after the family challenged those outraged with the decision to channel their frustration in "  ways that will make a positive change . " But the violence in Ferguson spread , leaving family attorney Benjamin Crump to call for peace and a "  constructive response . " "  Michael Brown and the unknown Michael Browns are crying out from the grave , saying we have to change this system that let people kill them or ... . without consequence , " Crump told CNN . What options remain available to the Brown family or what actions might give them some solace ? Ferguson : What 's next ? Federal investigations The U.S. Justice Department is conducting two civil rights investigations : one into whether Wilson , who is white , violated the civil rights of Brown , who was black , and the other into the police department 's overall track record with minorities . The investigations will likely require lots of time , if similar past cases are any indication . Last week , CNN legal analyst Paul Callan said the lack of an indictment could push the federal government to "  open a much more stringent and powerful investigation " of Brown 's shooting . Protests spread far beyond Ferguson "  Now they know he 's not going to be prosecuted on a state level , and the feds have a right to do a completely independent investigation , and they 're not bound in any way by grand jury determination , " he said . But Crump late Monday sounded pessimistic about that route . "  That is a very high standard and it 's not very likely . The family understands if there is no indictment it is likely the killer of their child wo n't be held accountable and that 's heartbreaking to them . " U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder stressed that the federal civil rights investigation into the shooting death of Brown , 18 , continues . "  Even at this mature stage of the investigation , we have avoided prejudging any of the evidence , " Holder said . "  And although federal civil rights law imposes a high legal bar in these types of cases , we have resisted forming premature conclusions . " ' A thousand Fergusons across America ' Possible lawsuit , alleging wrongful death The family could file a wrongful death lawsuit against Wilson and the Ferguson Police Department , Callan said . Crump told "  AC360 " that the family is considering the option of civil remedies to obtain "  some sense of justice . " Callan said Brown 's family could file a lawsuit under Section 1983 of Title 42 of the U.S. Code -- a federal statute that permits damages against state officials for violations of legal or constitutional rights . But another CNN legal analyst , Mark O'Mara , said law enforcement officers are afforded certain legal protections . CNN commentator and legal analyst Mel Robbins said she expects the family to allege wrongful death and intentional infliction of emotional distress . They will allege that Wilson had no justification or was negligent in shooting Brown , she predicted . Such a lawsuit would likely include the fact that Brown 's body was in the street for four hours after his killing . What 's next for Darren Wilson ? A push for change to the system In a video released last week by STLForward.com , Michael Brown Sr. thanked supporters for trying to end what he called racial profiling and police intimidation . But he asked for a calm response if there were no indictment . "  Hurting others or destroying property is not the answer . No matter what the grand jury decides , I do not want my son 's death to be in vain . I want it to lead to incredible change , positive change . Change that makes the St. Louis region better for everyone . " Late Monday , the family was away from the cameras , dealing with their disappointment . Before then , they encouraged the public "  to work together to fix the system that allowed this to happen . " St. Louis County Prosecuting Attorney Robert McCulloch said physical and scientific evidence , along with witness statements , led to the grand jury 's decision . Still , he acknowledged the Brown family 's huge loss . "  My heart goes out to them . Regardless of the circumstances . They lost a young man , they lost a young life , " McCulloch said . Complete coverage of what 's happening in Ferguson	Michael Brown 's family wants officer to be held accountable They may turn to civil remedies , including wrongful death suit Federal investigations , meanwhile , will continue , Holder says Brown family says it wants "  positive " change
Editor 's note : CNN 's Defining America project is exploring the stories behind the numbers to show how places are changing . This week , get to know more about your neighbors all across the country -- how they live and love , what they believe in and how they came to call themselves Americans . The week will culminate with a Secret Supper in New York City , and Eatocracy invites you to participate online starting Monday July 11th at 6:30 p.m. Oprah.com  -- Because my older sister Tina was marrying a Turkish Muslim instead of a fellow Mormon , the Mormon bishop at the microphone had been instructed not to use religious words in his sermon . "  There is something divine about marriage , " he stumbled awkwardly . I stood nearby in a red bridesmaid 's dress , looking out at my mother 's pious Mormon relatives and my father 's Mexican relations , among them two aunts who had smuggled in vodka in their water bottles . Across the aisle sat Mustafa 's Turkish family , the women in colorful headscarves . Hungry for food from home ? The night before , at a traditional henna ceremony , my mother and I had locked eyes as Tina 's head and face were covered with a black and gold veil , her hands bound with cloth bags . We 're an open-minded family , but we also saw "  Not Without My Daughter . " Oprah.com : Ask Deepak : How to reconnect with your family My siblings and I had nontraditional Mormon childhoods , raised in Spain and London around all kinds of people . On holidays we alternated listening to the Mormon Tabernacle Choir and mariachi music , stories about Jesus visiting America and tales of my aunt Tafoya , who was once possessed . New wave of Turkish wines But we 'd always been expected to marry within our faith , and live according to its teachings . Instead , I moved to New York to pursue stand-up comedy , and had recently -- with dread over what it would do to my parents -- stopped attending church . Saying ' I do ' in mixed cultures Tina had always been the "  good " one . That 's why it was surprising when , at age 29 , she fell in love with Mustafa after meeting him at a Greek restaurant in Boston . Unemployed , Turkish , and Muslim , he was n't exactly a Mormon parent 's dream , but he made her happier than any guy from church ever had . At first she tried to convert him , then decided that as long as he supported her faith , she 'd support his . They were engaged in five months  my sister 's commitment to a genuine white wedding may have had something to do with the rush  . Oprah.com : 20 questions to ask before you get married As Mustafa 's cousin , speaking Turkish , pinned several $ 100 bills to the groom 's tuxedo , my relatives looked on , united in their confusion . And I felt a huge sense of relief . My sister had made an unexpected choice -- and , in the process , proved our family could wrap its arms around more than I 'd ever thought : Mexican-Mormon-Turkish-Muslim nieces and nephews , my dad 's convulsive attempts at traditional Turkish dance , and any other kind of happiness life might send our way . Oprah.com : 10 happiness quotes we love Elna Baker is the author of the memoir "  The New York Regional Mormon Singles Halloween Dance . " Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	The author 's sister , a Mormon , marries a Turkish Muslim in a multicultural ceremony The sisters had always been expected to marry within their faith Her sister discovered happiness outside of her family 's expectations
SEATTLE , Washington  CNN  -- Saana Nyassi considers himself lucky . Saana Nyassi is a player for the Seattle Sounders soccer team . He is also a malaria survivor . He is fortunate not just because he has a natural talent for soccer and the dedication to rise through the ranks in his native Gambia and eventually go to the United States to play for the Seattle Sounders . Before leaving the tiny West African nation for America , Nyassi contracted malaria . "  It 's a killer disease , " the midfielder , 20 , says . "  You lose appetite . You are throwing up all the time . Your body gets warm . It 's very serious . " Nyassi recovered . But nearly a million people -- mostly young children and pregnant women in sub-Saharan Africa -- do not survive the disease , according to the National Institutes of Health . On Saturday , before their game against the San Jose Earthquakes , Nyassi and his teammates will mark World Malaria Day by giving a check for $ 20,000 they raised for Nothing But Nets , a U.N. Foundation-sponsored campaign to supply anti-malarial bed nets to some of the poorest parts of the world . Watch how researchers are fighting malaria " Nothing But Nets buys and delivers each bed net for about $ 10 . The nets prevent mosquitoes from biting people while they sleep and passing on the parasite that causes malaria . Even though malaria was been wiped out in the United States , it still rages in countries in Africa , Asia and other developing parts of the world . "  The challenge is enormous because of the size , " says Dr. Regina Rabinovich , director of Infectious Diseases Development at the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation , which so far has dedicated over $ 1 billion to fighting and preventing malaria . Rabinovich , who also contracted malaria during a visit to Gambia , says the Gates Foundation is waging a war against the disease on several fronts . "  Keeping people from getting bitten by a mosquito , that 's what a bed net does , " she says . "  Not having the mosquito thrive , that 's what insecticide does . By treating them , you keep someone else from being infected by another mosquito bite . " While malaria can be treated , getting that treatment to people suffering from the disease who are often in remote places and with little access to health care is not always easy . There is no vaccine to prevent malaria . But Rabinovich argues that cases of malaria can be greatly reduced even before a vaccine is discovered . "  The really interesting thing about malaria is that they have n't depended on a magic silver bullet , " she explains . "  Bed nets protect you about half the time , spraying protects you . It 's been the combination of prevention and treatment that 's effective . When we have a malaria vaccine it will join that toolbox . " That malaria vaccine could potentially come from a temperature - and humidity-controlled vault nicknamed "  the swamp " at the Seattle Biomedical Research Institute . There , larvae imported from India are carefully hatched into mosquitoes . Using funds from the Gates Foundation , Dr. Stefan Kappe is trying to genetically engineer the parasite that causes malaria and create a vaccine from it . With the vaccine that Kappe is working on , the malaria parasite would be unable to pass from the liver , where the parasites multiply , into the blood . "  We call this the ` you-can-check-in-but-cannot-check-out ' approach , " Kappe says . "  The immune system learns -LSB- and -RSB- is trained to recognize it -- and when the real parasite comes in , the one that can infect you , your immune system is very quickly able to eliminate it . " If it is successful , the vaccine that Kappe is formulating will aim to prevent malaria every time it is administered -- a crucial element to fighting a disease that is passed from person to person by mosquito bites . "  You need to break transmission , you need to break the ability of the parasite to move to the mosquito and from the mosquito back to humans , " he says . "  This liver infection is a great place to attack . If you prevent infection right there , then humans do n't become infected , the mosquito that bites them the next time can also not become infected and can not bring the disease to another person . " The vaccine has already been proven effective 100 percent of the time in studies with mice , Kappe says . Now the researcher will begin human trials of a potential vaccine . Or , as he calls it , taking the difficult leap "  from mice to men . " Until there is a vaccine , prevention and remedies as simple as bed nets will be crucial . Success playing soccer means Sanna Nyassi no longer needs to be wary of malaria , but that has n't made him forget those that do . "  I was born poor , " Nyassi says . "  But things are getting better for me . I have to look back at the other ones . "	Professional soccer player is also survivor of malaria Saana Nyassi and Seattle Sounders teammates raise funds to fight malaria Researcher looks for vaccine that can break malaria 's transmission cycle "  I have to look back at the other ones " who are born poor , soccer player says
Rio de Janeiro , Brazil  CNN  -- High above the beaches in Rio de Janeiro 's hillside slums , you can get some of the best views in town . And now , they come from some of the cheapest rooms as well . With the World Cup less than four months away , residents in many once infamous favelas are opening their doors to tourists , renting beds , rooms or even entire houses , and building youth hostels . "  If you want to see the World Cup , see some football matches and experience true Brazilian life you should really check this out , " says Michael Blommers , a Dutch backpacker staying at a hostel in the Vidigal shantytown . Beds at hostels in Copacabana and Ipanema beaches , which usually go for around $ 40 a night , are expected to cost as much as $ 400 during the World Cup . Hotels are even more expensive , with many requiring multiple-night stays . But a bunk at Alto Vidigal Hostel will set guests back just $ 65 -- four times the usual price , but still a relative bargain . Of course , visitors staying in Rio 's favelas will likely be confronted with more than just a modest room . Garbage in these areas often piles up along the roads , while electricity , water and sewage services are spotty at best . Transportation can be precarious . The biggest concern , though , is security . Just a few years ago , Rio 's favelas were controlled by drug lords . Police have since stormed many of them , in a process dubbed "  pacification , " driving out armed gangs in an effort to make it relatively safe for residents and visitors . But they 've had mixed results . Periodic gun battles continue in many favelas . Just last week , drug traffickers shot at police posts in Rocinha , one of the biggest shantytowns in Rio . Maria Clara dos Santos says she could hear the recent shootouts from her terrace . She rents rooms in her bright yellow house to foreign tourists and says safety depends on knowing where not to go and following rules . "  Do n't use drugs , do n't bring girls home , keep it a nice environment , " she says . A Los Angeles native , Elliot Rosenberg has launched a website with an eye on the World Cup allowing residents to rent out rooms to foreigners . With some 600,000 foreign fans expected over the course of the tournament , there could be plenty of demand . But Rosenberg believes that many of those looking for rooms will be attracted by more than just the about $ 50 price tags on many rooms . "  They want more authentic , lively , meaningful experiences , " he says . "  They want to see the real Rio . " And , of course , those great views do n't hurt either . Curitiba stadium retains World Cup status	Staying at a hostel could cost as much as $ 400 a night during the World Cup About 600,000 foreign fans are expected during the tournament Rooms in Rio 's favelas could go for as little as $ 50 a night Security in some favelas remains a concern
CNN  -- Pop star Britney Spears and former manager Jason Trawick have ended their yearlong engagement , a representative for the singer said Friday . The decision was mutual , according to the couple . "  I 'll always adore him and we will remain great friends , " Spears , 31 , said in a statement . In his own statement , the 41-year-old Trawick said the split marks a new chapter for the couple . "  I love and cherish her and her boys and we will be close forever , " he said , referring to Spears ' two sons with former husband Kevin Federline . Spears and Trawick , who had been dating since 2009 , became engaged in December 2011 . It would have been the third trip down the aisle for Spears . In 2004 , she had a quickie Las Vegas wedding with childhood friend Jason Alexander  the "  marriage " lasted 55 hours  . Later that year , she married Federline ; they divorced in 2006 . News of the split comes as Spears announced she will not be returning as a judge on Fox 's "  X Factor . " "  I had an incredible time doing the show and I love the other judges and I am so proud of my teens but it 's time for me to get back in the studio , " she said in a statement Friday . Spears ' latest album , "  Femme Fatale , " came out in 2011 . Meanwhile , a source close to the singer tells CNN she is in "  serious talks " to perform in Las Vegas as part of a long-term residency . CNN 's Carolyn Sung and KJ Matthews contributed to this report .	The couple had been engaged since December 2011 "  We will remain great friends , " Spears says Spears also announces she will not return for a second season of "  X Factor "
CNN  -- Our Congress sucks . This is truly one of the few things we agree on . In fact , a new CNN poll released earlier this week found that Congress has only a 10 % approval rating . When you think that 10 % of Americans believe Congress is doing a good job , you have to ask yourself one question : Who are these people ?!  Imagine this asked with true Jerry Seinfeld-esque exasperation . Congress is so dysfunctional that dictators in other countries are probably pointing at it as an example of why you should never have a democracy . Yet , somehow , about 30 million Americans are looking at what Congress is doing and thinking : "  I like what I see . " If you actually think Congress is doing a good job , something is terribly awry in your life . People in your family need to stage an immediate intervention . I was so intrigued by these people who have such horribly low standards  where were they when I was still dating ?  that I went on to social media to find them . I posed questions on Facebook and Twitter asking if anyone is among this exclusive club known to me as the "  Ten Percenters . " What was the response ? No one admitted to it . But a few offered theories regarding who these people could be : "  It 's probably friends and family of Congress , " Ahmed Elsayed posted on Facebook . "  Ten percent of Americans are in a COMA ?!?! " Laurence Cruz tweeted . I 'm pretty confident he 's not related to Sen. Ted Cruz . Keith Conrad tweeted a cynical but possibly accurate view : "  Some people just want to watch the world burn . " How could it be that no one knows who these people are ? Could it be that those who said they approved of Congress were kidding ? Perhaps the pollster asked , "  Do you think Congress is doing a good job ? " and they responded : "  Fabulous , " but they meant that sarcastically ? Because all I can say is -- If you do know people who actually believe Congress is doing a good job , please watch over them carefully . These are the type of people that lead to warning labels on products like bleach that state "  Do not drink " and on blow dryers that read : "  For external use only . " Let 's get back to the real issue : Congress . Besides mocking it with lines like , "  Congress is now less popular than syphilis , " what can actually be done to remedy the situation ? Some say we should impeach or recall Congress . Well , you ca n't . The Constitution only provides one procedure to remove members of Congress . Want to guess who decides on when that happens ? Yup , it 's Congress . It takes a two-thirds vote of Congress itself to expel a member . The only people who think that Congress would vote themselves out of a job that pays $ 174,000 a year plus health benefits are the 10 % of Americans who think Congress is doing a good job . Can we realistically hope that since the congressional approval rating is so low that there will be a big house cleaning in the 2014 midterm elections on its own ? Unlikely . Even in 2012 , when Congress was riding "  high " with an abysmal 18 % approval rating , did we see many members of Congress booted ? Nope . In fact , 90 % of the members of Congress who sought re-election in 2012 won . The reality is that Congressional districts have been crafted  aka gerrymandered  by state legislatures in an often grotesque fashion , rendering a large number of congressional seats uncompetitive . Consequently , congressional reps have the freedom to be more unbearable and less compromising than ever before . So what else can we do ? Some call for term limits -- which I think is a great idea -- although you never know if the same politicians would just be voted in again . And to implement that , we would have to amend the U.S. Constitution . There are two procedures to do that : Congress starts the process by passing a resolution in support of the proposition with a two-thirds vote . Ai n't gon na happen . The other method is by way of a Constitutional Convention called by two-thirds of the state legislatures . That is a possibility if a large grassroots movement emerged , but it 's challenging . Not one of the 27 amendments to our Constitution were enacted by this procedure . The easiest way is to effect change is to pledge to collectively put aside partisan politics and vote only for candidates in the 2014 primaries and general election who run on a platform of going to Congress to work in a bipartisan manner for our common good . It 's time we send home those people who would want the world to burn because it helps them get on TV and furthers their own political ambitions . If we do this , then one day we might have a Congress that not only has an approval rating above most venereal diseases , but one we can actually be proud of . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	CNN poll shows Congress has only a 10 % approval rating . Dean Obeidallah asks "  Who are these people ? " and goes in search of them Nobody admitted to being a "  Ten Percenter , " but lots of people speculated on them Obeidallah : Vote out the bums who burn down government to advance their careers
CNN  -- Help trickled in Thursday , three days after a magnitude-7 .7 earthquake struck off Indonesia , triggering a tsunami that has killed at least 311 people and left more than 400 missing . An assessment team from the nonprofit group SurfAid International had reached the disaster zone , but the area 's remoteness prevented further contact with headquarters in Sumatera Barat , Indonesia . SurfAid had shipped 1,000 shelter kits to victims , and is preparing to send more supplies once communication is established , spokeswoman Jossi Syahrial said Thursday . The group was trying to work with government officials to establish an information and coordination hub for all non-governmental organizations , she said . The hard-hit Mentawai Islands region is among Indonesia 's myriad islands . "  It 's very difficult " to reach the region either by boat or road , said Andrew Judge , CEO of SurfAid . The trip takes at least 10 hours in good conditions , according to aid agencies . The Indonesian Red Cross also had sent at least two aid teams . One aid shipment included about 400 body bags . Urgent needs are expected to include clean water , food , blankets , clothing , medical attention , emergency shelter and hygiene kits , said Ita Balanda , a program manager for the World Vision aid organization in Padang , Indonesia . An estimated 7,900 households were affected , she said . "  The worst hit area is North and South Pagai Island . Reports of villages flattened are coming from there , " said Antorizon of the West Sumatra disaster management agency , who like many Indonesians goes by one name . The first pictures from North Pagai Island showed damaged and flattened structures . Monday 's quake generated a "  significant " tsunami , the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said . Some of the missing might include people who are unaccounted for after fleeing to higher ground , said Henri Dori Satoko , head of the Mentawai Islands parliament . Though communication poses a challenge in the remote area , some witnesses in West Sumatra reported seeing a wave 6 meters  nearly 20 feet  high . Other reports described the tsunami as being about 3 meters  almost 10 feet  high . At least one village with a population of about 200 people was swept away , with only 40 people recovered , Satoko said . The quake struck at 9:42 p.m. Monday , triggering a tsunami warning . Its epicenter was 240 kilometers  150 miles  south of Padang , at a depth of 20.6 kilometers  12.8 miles  , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . The magnitude was revised upward from a preliminary magnitude of 7.5 . "  On Mentawai , a -LSB- tsunami -RSB- warning was issued seven minutes after detection of earthquake , which is what the existing system is capable of doing . Preliminary report indicates the destructive waves hit the Mentawai Islands after five minutes . ... For Mentawai villagers , the warning is late , as they are very close to the tsunami source , " said Sanny Jegillos of the U.N. Development Programme . He oversees the Indian Ocean tsunami warning system , including Indonesia . Indonesia 's government has since warned residents of West Sumatra province to stay alert and stay away from the coastline for up to five days because of the possibility of more earthquakes , Balanda said . The city of Padang and the Mentawai Islands are at the meeting place of two tectonic plates , making them vulnerable to earthquakes and tsunamis . On December 26 , 2004 , a 9.1-magnitude earthquake struck off northern Sumatra . A tsunami generated by that earthquake killed more than 225,000 people in 14 countries -- mainly India , Indonesia , Maldives , Sri Lanka and Thailand . The Indonesian region of Banda Aceh was hard-hit : About 150,000 died there . CNN 's Kathy Quiano and Stan Grant contributed to this report .	The area 's remoteness has limited help and communications At least 311 people have died and more than 400 are missing A team from SurfAid International has reached the area The nonprofit group also has shipped 1,000 shelter kits
Moscow  CNN  -- An American military refueling plane took off and crashed in Kyrgyzstan on Friday , Kyrgyz and U.S. officials said . "  The status of the three crew members is unknown , " the U.S. 376th Air Expeditionary Wing said in a news release . The plane was a U.S. Air Force KC-135 tanker aircraft , according to the expeditionary wing 's Public Affairs Transit Center at Manas , near Bishkek , Kyrgyzstan . The crew and aircraft are assigned to the transit center . The Manas transit center is a U.S. airbase that serves as a supply hub for American forces in Afghanistan . It is located at the Manas airport . The plane crashed in a mountainous area between Chorgolu and Cholok-Aryk -- two villages in the Chuysky region of northern Kyrgyzstan , and a fire crew and three ambulances responded , Elmira Shyrypova , at the Kyrgyz Emergencies Ministry press office . The transit center said investigators are determining the cause of the crash and emergency responders were on the scene Kyrgyz Prime Minister Jantoro Satybaldiev held an emergency meeting in connection with the crash , state media reported . Sharshenaliev said debris from the crash was scattered over an area of about a kilometer radius . He said witnesses calling in on a hotline said they saw a parachute when the plane was falling . Others said they saw an explosion and the plane was broken in half . CNN 's Yousuf Basil and Barbara Starr contributed to this report	The status of the three crew members is unknown , the U.S. 376th Air Expeditionary Wing says Manas is a supply hub for U.S. forces in Afghanistan The United States says the "  status of the crew is unknown " The crash took place in a mountainous region
It 's a national outcry . Republicans and Democrats have urgently pressed President Barack Obama to do something to stem the flow of child immigrants crossing the southern border -- and fast . But in the hours after Obama announced Tuesday his request to Congress for $ 3.7 billion to slow the surge , objections began to mount on Capitol Hill . The opposition is entrenched and extends beyond the current crisis of more than 52,000 unaccompanied minors crossing the border since October . It 's rooted in distrust of the President , especially on immigration . "  There 's widespread doubt about whether this administration can be trusted to enforce our laws and it 's going to be difficult to move any immigration legislation until that changes , " House Speaker John Boehner said in February . As a central example , Republicans point to Obama 's decision in 2012 to defer deportations of children brought to the United States illegally by their parents . They claim that 's a reason for the unexpected surge of kids today from Central America . With the door closed to any action on immigration reform this year with midterm campaigning in full swing , Congress and Obama now face a crisis around that issue , which Republicans do not want to touch as it 's politically charged and complex . And they 're signaling that Obama 's proposal to address the situation on the southern border wo n't be dealt with quickly , even though the White House casts it as an emergency . Obama on Wednesday called the flow of "  unaccompanied children " an "  incredibly dangerous " situation , and said his proposal offers Congress "  the capacity to vote immediately " on a solution if it wants to address the problem swiftly . Obama heads to Texas amid ` urgent humanitarian situation ' Is immigration crisis Rick Perry 's second act ? But Boehner said earlier on Wednesday , "  We 've got to do something about sealing the border and ending this problem so that we can begin to move onto the bigger questions of immigration reform . " House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte of Virginia got to the heart of GOP sentiment , saying Obama "  created this disaster " with his action to ease deportations . "  No amount of resources or changes will be effective in stemming the surge of illegal border crossings if President Obama continues to ignore the law , " he wrote in a statement , resurrecting the common refrain when immigration reform was still a possibility . Republicans also balked at the size of Obama 's request , which was twice what they anticipated . It includes $ 1.8 billion for the care of immigrant children while in holding facilities and $ 1.1 billion for the transportation and removal of any children ineligible to remain in the country . "  What disappoints me so much is he 's asking for a blank check , " Texas Sen. John Cornyn said . Fiscal hawk Sen. Tom Coburn of Oklahoma said it 's an extraordinary amount . "  We can put them all on a first class seat to their homes , that 's $ 8 million , " Coburn said Tuesday on CNN 's "  Crossfire . " The issue of immigration is ripe with politics , especially in an election year . It motivates the Republican base , which is skeptical of reform and despises Obama . But Democratic strategist Maria Cardona said Republicans are trying to have it both ways -- ask for a solution and criticize the President . "  They ca n't scream about the house being on fire and then cut off the water supply to put out that fire , " she said . The situation also plays well for Democrats . They have consistently and increasingly captured the Hispanic vote , and used immigration as a wedge to keep Latinos in their camp . While Democrats indicate they support Obama 's request , they want more details before signing off . At least one has expressed some frustration with the White House on this issue and , too , raises trust , but in a different context . "  We just ca n't just trust the President and say we are going to give you exactly every penny you want , " Rep. Henry Cuellar , whose South Texas district is one heavily impacted by the current crisis , told CNN . Democrats want to maintain the status of current law giving youth the right to make their case in an immigration proceeding . "  I hope at the end of the day it is basically fair and humanitarian and we keep in mind repeatedly that we 're dealing with children here , " said Sen. Richard Durbin of Illinois . A law signed by President George W. Bush just prior to Obama 's swearing-in , was meant to address child victims of illegal trafficking . It says unaccompanied children from countries other than Mexico or Canada can not be immediately deported . Instead , they must be treated humanely , turned over to the Health and Human Services Department , and given an immigration hearing to determine if they qualify for asylum . 5 things you need to know about the immigration crisis Republicans want the law changed so unaccompanied youth can be immediately sent home without due process . Cuellar and Sen. John Cornyn , also of Texas , are set to propose legislation on Thursday to reverse that measure . While the White House says it will ask Congress to give the Homeland Security Department more discretion to send such immigrants home , it 's unclear if Obama will request changes to the anti-trafficking law . White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said this week the administration would meet humanitarian and due process standards . More judicial resources to accelerate immigration proceedings is one step the White House indicated was necessary . Even some Democrats want more information , especially regarding asylum for trafficking victims who may be fleeing abuse or life threatening situations in their domestic surroundings . "  I want to see what is written . I trust this president but I want to verify , " Durbin said .	President Obama asked Congress for $ 3.7 billion for border solution Republicans immediately raised concerns , especially over cost Democrats are also wading cautiously on the issue in a midterm election year Obama says Congress can solve problem now if it wants by passing his plan
This week , the world 's largest gathering of AIDS doctors and experts is converging on Washington for the 19th International AIDS Conference . It marks the first time in 22 years that the biannual event will be held on U.S. soil , possible only because a 25-year-old travel ban preventing HIV-positive people from entering the country was lifted by President Barack Obama in 2009 and went into effect a year later . The significance of that move is not lost on researchers all over the country . More than 25,000 doctors , scientists , AIDS activists , politicians , philanthropists , drug company representatives , people living with HIV and heads of state from around the world are attending the weeklong conference . There 's a lot going on : research on how to prevent HIV infection , treatment as prevention and , for the first time in a long time , talk about a "  cure . " In fact , one of the main themes is the launch of "  Towards an HIV Cure " : a global scientific strategy by an international working group of 300 researchers who are developing a road map of sorts , outlining priorities for finding a cure for the disease that has claimed approximately 30 million lives worldwide . Timeline : 30 years of AIDS -- Moments to remember Their goal : figuring out why the virus lives indefinitely in certain cells , which tissues it lives in , how to get the immune system to kill it and what kind of drugs can get rid of it . "  We are trying to both inspire people about the possibility that this might happen someday but trying to be realistic , and the realistic part is that we have to do some fundamental basic science first , " said Dr. Steven Deeks of the AIDS Research Institute at the University of California , San Francisco . "  Most reasonable people would say it 's at best 50-50 that we 're gon na get a cure , so we do n't want to over-hype this . We 're excited , we think it 's possible , we think it 's worth pursuing , but do n't expect anything in the near future . " Gay , bisexual men at high risk for HIV One man in particular , Timothy Ray Brown , has pushed the limits of possibility . He 's known as the Berlin patient , the only person said to have been "  cured " of HIV/AIDS . "  I 've been tested everywhere possible , " said Brown , who now lives in San Francisco . "  My blood 's been tested by many , many agencies . I 've had two colonoscopies to test to see if they could find HIV in my colon , and they have n't been able to find any . " In 2007 , Brown , an HIV-positive American living in Berlin , was battling leukemia and needed a bone marrow transplant . His doctor searched for a donor with a rare mutation that makes it resistant to HIV . The transplant not only cured his cancer , it appears to have cured his HIV , because the virus is no longer detectable . But Brown 's case is rare . The procedure is extremely dangerous because a patient 's immune system has to be wiped out in order to accept the bone marrow transplant . Using a bone marrow transplants to treat HIV is not a feasible treatment for most patients ; only 1 % of Caucasians -- mostly Northern Europeans -- and no African-Americans or Asians have this particular mutation , researchers say . Quilt displays an American tragedy Last month , five years after Brows was "  cured , " reports surfaced that traces of the virus had been found in his blood . Deeks says that does n't matter . "  Clinically , he has been cured . He stopped his drugs five years ago , his HIV tests are turning negative , we can not find with standard measurements or even really super-sensitive measurements any virus anywhere , so from a clinical perspective , he is cured , " Deeks said . "  There 's an academic debate as to whether every single virus is gone , but from Timothy 's perspective , he should n't care . " Dr. Anthony Fauci , head of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases , is one of the foremost experts on HIV and AIDS and believes that Brown 's case is a "  proof of concept " that the battle against the disease can advance beyond daily drug cocktails . Deeks leads the global collaboration with Dr. Francoise Barre-Sinoussi of the Pasteur Institute in Paris , who was awarded the Nobel Prize in medicine for the discovery of HIV , along with her colleague Luc Montagnier . She says that by working together , they can get the job done faster . "  What we are sure is that we think it 's reasonable today to say it 's feasible to have a cure . A functional cure . I believe that if we work like in the early years of HIV , all together , we can move forward very fast as well for an HIV cure . " But what will a cure look like ? There are two schools of thought . With a "  functional " cure , the virus is controlled , and transmission would not occur . A "  sterilizing " cure would eliminate the virus from the body entirely . On Wednesday , Dr. David Margolis , an AIDS researcher at the University of North Carolina , Chapel Hill , is presenting results on a small study of eight patients treated with Vorinostat . It is used to treat lymphoma , a cancer of the lymph nodes and bloodstream . "  We just have to start doing these studies and trying to make progress , and I think the big change in the last few years is that you can talk about it now , and we can start to work on it seriously rather than doing the scientific work surreptitiously but not using the ` cure ' word because everybody thought that was irresponsible or ridiculous . " Margolis says everything is on the table to try . "  The assumption is , it 's going to be complicated and difficult and involve multiple approaches , not ` take a pill and we 're done . ' " French researchers are studying 12 HIV-positive people called the Visconti patients . According to Barre-Sinoussi , they were treated immediately after being exposed to HIV and have been able to control their virus naturally . Promising results from that study will also be presented . "  These patients have been treated very early on by the classical antiretroviral treatment during the acute phase of infections . They stopped their treatment , and now they are naturally able to control their infections with treatment anymore . They remain HIV-positive but they do n't transmit to others , so it 's also prevention . " Researchers also hope to learn some important lessons from a group of infected men and women called elite controllers . "  They do not irradiate their virus , " Barre-Sinoussi said . "  But they are capable to naturally control their infection because they never receive any antiretroviral treatment . They have an undetectable viral load . " While small trials like these aim to find a cure , efforts to prevent infection have also made great strides . Last year , multiple studies showed that transmission of the virus can be reduced significantly -- up to 96 % -- by giving antiretroviral drugs to the uninfected partners of people with the disease . It 's called PrEP , or pre-exposure prophylaxis . FDA approves Truvada for prevention of HIV/AIDS For Barre-Sinoussi , all the pieces of the puzzle are important to future success , and she is hopeful of a cure in her lifetime . Brown , who believes that he is cured , is banking on it . "  It means that this is a case in point that the disease can be cured . I do n't wish what I went through on my worst enemy , but I 'm hoping that it can be done in a more simple way , that can be translated to a cure for the entire world , all people that have HIV . "	The 19th International AIDS Conference is in Washington this week This is the first time in 22 years that the conference has been in the United States Global researchers are developing priorities for finding a cure
CNN  -- Nelson Mandela , hailed for leading South Africa out of decades of apartheid , always said he wanted to be remembered as part of a collective and not in isolation . "  We understand it still that there is no easy road to freedom . We know it well that none of us acting alone can achieve lasting success . We must therefore act together as a united people for national reconciliation , for nation building , for the birth of a new world , " said Mandela in his inauguration speech when he became South Africa 's first black president in 1994 . He had spent 27 years in prison for his fight for democracy and racial equality . From 1948 until 1994 the South African government segregated black South Africans from white South Africans in all areas of life , including education , medical care and other public services . Read more : Nelson Mandela , anti-apartheid icon and father of modern South Africa , dies But Mandela was n't alone in his fight to end this injustice . These men and women , many of whom were fellow members of the African National Congress  ANC  , stood up against racial segregation and discrimination .	Apartheid was a system of racial segregation in South Africa , enforced by the government from 1948 until 1994 These men and women were anti-apartheid activists who stood up against injustice Many have been jailed , killed or exiled during their battle against racial segregation
CNN  -- Usain Bolt has a simple message following a string of doping scandals that have cast a shadow over athletics and Jamaican sport : "  I 'm clean . " A six-time Olympic gold medalist , Bolt was speaking publicly for the first time since his fellow Jamaican and elite sprinter Asafa Powell and Tyson Gay of the United States tested positive for banned substances . "  If you were following me since 2002 you would know that I have been doing phenomenal things since I was 15 , " the 100 meter and 200 meter world record holder told reporters ahead of this weekend 's Diamond League meeting in London . "  I was the youngest person to win the world junior title at 15 , I ran the world junior record at 18 , the world youth record at 17 . "  I have broken every record there is to break , in every event I have ever done . For me , I have proven myself since I was 15 . For me , I have shown I was always going to be great . " "  I was made to inspire people and to run . I was given a gift and that 's what I do . I 'm confident in myself and my team , the people I work with . And I know I am clean . " Powell became the second high-profile Jamaican sprinter to fail a drugs test in a matter of weeks . Veronica Campbell-Brown , a a triple Olympic gold medalist , was given a provisional suspension in June . Powell , Campbell-Brown and Gay deny knowingly taking banned substances , as does Jamaican Sherone Simpson who also tested positive . Blog : Lifetime bans the only way to deter dopers ? Bolt revealed he had sent a text message to Powell , telling his compatriot "  to stay strong and focused . " "  There are a lot of details yet to be discussed so I 'm just sitting and waiting to see the results and what 's what , " added Bolt . "  There are a lot of things that have n't been done and have n't been said so I 'm just waiting to see what is going on . "  You have to be very careful as an athlete because right now there are a lot of things on the banned list . You have to keep up to date all of the time . It 's hard but that 's why you have a team to help you out with this kind of thing . " Away from athletics , Jamaican sport was rocked by a fresh doping scandal after one of the Caribbean nation 's footballers become the latest sporting figure to fail a drugs test . The unnamed footballer failed a test carried out by the sport 's global governing body FIFA following last month 's World Cup qualifying match against Honduras . "  During the World Cup Qualifying match , Honduras vs Jamaica , on June 11 , 2013 a member of the Jamaican squad returned an adverse analytical finding on his urine sample , " read a statement from the Jamaican Football Federation  JFF  . "  The testing was carried out by the FIFA . This means that the ensuing process will be managed by the FIFA . The player has been informed and we await further information from the FIFA . "  The JFF has taken this matter very seriously and a thorough investigation has already started by the chairman of the JFF Medical Committee . "	Usain Bolt tells reporters "  I 'm clean " ahead of London Diamond League meeting Tyson Gay and Asafa Powell failed drugs tests earlier this month Gay and Powell both deny knowingly taking banned substances A Jamaican international footballer fails a drugs test during a World Cup qualifier
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- A man wearing a hooded sweatshirt shot two men at a North Hollywood synagogue on Thursday morning , wounding them in their legs , police said . The two men , who have not been identified , are in stable condition at separate hospitals , said Deputy Chief Michel Moore of the Los Angeles Police Department . Authorities took a juvenile into custody whose clothing matches "  a loose description " of what the suspect was wearing , police said . He was released later Thursday pending further investigation . Police said he was cooperative with authorities . "  We have eliminated no one and that includes the teenager who was detained , " said Lt. Alan Hamilton . "  He was basically released to school because he is a juvenile and can not be detained for more than six hours . But we are not actively investigating him as a suspect in this shooting case at this time . " Police have put extra patrols near local schools and other synagogues as a precaution , he said . "  We are looking into every possible motive , " Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Ramon Villaraigosa said . "  But at this point , all we know is that it was a random act of violence . " The shooting occurred about 6:20 a.m. at Adat Yeshurun Valley Sephardic Synagogue , police said . Moore said the two victims , ages 38 and 53 , arrived at the synagogue 's parking garage in separate vehicles . As they were parking , he said , a man in a black sweatshirt approached , pulled out a handgun and fired on the first victim . The shooter then fired on the second victim and fled , Moore said . "  We do n't know whether this was a robbery or whether it was an attack on these two individuals because of their presence at this synagogue , " Moore said . He said he believed that the two victims were arriving at the synagogue for morning prayers . Authorities are reviewing security video from the synagogue , he said . Authorities had interviewed the victims , said Jorge Villegas , assistant commander for the Los Angeles Police Department .	NEW : Juvenile taken into custody and released pending investigation , police say Los Angeles mayor calls crime "  a random act of violence , " says police investigating motive 2 men in stable condition after being shot in the legs , police say ; identities not released Both wounded at North Hollywood 's Adat Yeshurun Valley Sephardic Synagogue
Manama , Bahrain  CNN  -- Security forces in Bahrain stormed the main hospital , beating doctors , and attacked demonstrators in Manama 's Pearl Roundabout on Wednesday , witnesses in the Bahraini capital said . Bahraini officials deny these accounts . Demonstrators reported hearing steady rounds of ammunition being fired while thick smoke rose from the Pearl Roundabout area . At least five helicopters whirred above the historic landmark , which has been a rallying spot for anti-government demonstrators in recent weeks . In a statement Wednesday , Bahrain 's government said that as police approached the roundabout , they were attacked by protesters -- whom they call "  saboteurs " -- who threw Molotov cocktails at them . Police dispersed the protesters with tear gas , as protesters set fire to tents and trash cans on their way out , the government said . According to the government , no live ammunition was used , and the only fatalities were two police officers who were repeatedly run over by three vehicles driven by protesters . Three arrests were made , an interior ministry spokesman said . The crackdown comes a day after Bahrain 's King Hamad imposed a three-month state of emergency and two days after Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates dispatched troops to the Persian Gulf island nation to "  protect the safety of citizens , " the Bahraini government said . The clashes prompted Iran to recall its ambassador to Bahrain in what an Iranian government statement called a protest against "  the killing of people of Bahrain by their government . " Bahrain 's Sunni Muslim monarchy has long suspected Iran of attempting to foment unrest among the island 's majority-Shiite population , leaked U.S. diplomatic documents show , and Iran has asserted territorial claims over the onetime Persian province both before and after the 1979 revolution brought the current Islamic republic to power Speaking in the Egyptian capital of Cairo , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called the intervention by Bahrain 's neighbors "  alarming " and urged all players in the region to keep "  their own agenda " out of the struggle . Washington has told the Bahraini monarchy that "  there is no answer to the demands for political and economic reform though a security crackdown , " Clinton told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . And President Barack Obama called both the Saudi and Bahraini kings to express his "  deep concern over violence " and the need for "  maximum restraint , " according to White House spokesman Jay Carney . Bahrain is home to the headquarters of the U.S. Navy 's Fifth Fleet , the naval arm of American power in the region . Cell phone networks in several areas were disrupted . Security forces blocked highways leading to the capital and formed a ring around the country 's main hospital , Salmaniya Medical Complex , not letting people enter or leave , witnesses said . Security forces then stormed the hospital and beat staffers , several doctors there said . Doctors have been hiding in rooms , said Yousif Sharaf , a doctor at the hospital . "  We are trapped , " Sharaf said . "  We are asking for the security forces to please stay outside the hospital . They are beating the staff . " Fatima Haji , another doctor , also said she was trapped in the hospital . "  We are in a small group hiding , " Haji said , her voice rising with emotion . "  This is a government hospital . How can this happen in a government hospital ? " Haji said two people had died in the hospital Wednesday morning , and she feared for the other patients there because the doctors were not able to work . Eventually , the army told hospital workers that they could leave , but they had to give their names and have their pictures taken , Haji said . Some of her colleagues were taken to the gates and beaten , she said . CNN could not independently confirm the doctors ' claims . The Bahraini government expelled CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom from the country Wednesday without explanation . Reporting from Abu Dhabi , United Arab Emirates Jamjoom said two Bahraini information ministers came to his hotel and told him that the rest of the CNN crew was welcome to stay , but he was not . "  I was then escorted to the airport and made to leave the country , " Jamjoom said . Jamjoom said he and others were woken by the sound of gunfire Wednesday morning . "  We could see thick black plumes of smoke . We could see tear gas being dispersed , " Jamjoom said . "  It was a very , very violent scene from where we were looking on it . " Calls made to various hospitals turned up multiple accounts of witnesses being attacked , including medical staff and doctors , Jamjoom said . On state-run television , a banner read , "  Official source : Media allegations that medical care is being denied to patients are baseless . " Dr. Nazar Al Baharna , Bahrain 's minister of health , resigned later in the day . He did not elaborate on the reason why . Officials at another private hospital , Salmany Hospital , also said they were being besieged by troops . It was unclear whether the attacks were carried out solely by Bahraini forces or included foreign troops who arrived in the country earlier in the week to help quell the demonstrations . The Bahraini government denied the allegations and said foreign troops had been dispatched to secure specific installations , not participate in the crackdown . A curfew was in effect from 4 p.m. Wednesday to 4 a.m. Thursday in various parts of the capital , the foreign ministry said . Meanwhile , the U.K. Foreign Office announced Wednesday that the British Embassy in Bahrain was closed until further notice . A day earlier , security forces fired tear gas and rubber bullets at protesters in the southern city of Sitra . At least two protesters were killed , and at least 150 people were wounded , according to medical officials on the scene . The protests started February 14 and are part of a series of demonstrations that have swept across the Arab world this year , toppling the leaders of Tunisia and Egypt . In Bahrain , moderates have been demanding a constitutional monarchy , and hard-liners have called for the abolition of the countries ' royal family altogether . The king 's decree mandates that security forces should "  take the measures and procedures necessary to preserve the safety of the nation and its people , " a government statement said . "  King Hamad 's decree does not give the authorities a blank check to commit abuses , " Joe Stork , deputy Middle East director at Human Rights Watch , said Wednesday . "  The world is watching to see whether Bahrain will respect the basic rights of all its citizens . " CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom and Lateef Mungin contributed to this report .	NEW : CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoon expelled from the country Iran withdraws its ambassador to protest the crackdown Doctors say security forces stormed hospital Gunfire is heard at Pearl Roundabout
CNN  -- The United States has information about more than 200 schoolgirls abducted in Nigeria by the militant group Boko Haram , but no "  solid evidence " on their exact whereabouts , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said in an interview with Charlie Rose . Separately , another defense official told CNN there have been no new leads in several days , and there is "  somewhat credible " information that has materialized over the past couple of weeks that the girls seized in April may have been broken up and moved across the Nigerian border , perhaps to Chad . The official also said there have been no verified photos or satellite images that might reveal a location . The United States deployed 80 forces to Chad to help in the search , the White House said this week . They will support intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance aircraft missions .	Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said the U.S. has some information Another official said there have n't been any new leads in several days More than 200 schoolgirls abducted in Nigeria last month by Boko Haram
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- Mexicans in the United States sent home 12.2 percent less money this past August than the same month last year , the Banco de Mexico said Wednesday . Mexicans in the U.S. are sending fewer dollars home and are suffering from a tough economy . That translates into remittances of $ 1.9 billion , versus $ 2.2 billion last year , said the bank , which blamed tough economic times in the United States for the decline . "  The prolonged deceleration of economic activity in the United States has adversely affected the opportunities for employment in that country and , consequently , those of the Mexican migrants , " the bank said in a statement posted on its Web site . August 's tally quickens a trend -- during the first eight months of the year , remittances fell 4 percent to $ 15.6 billion , the statement said . The numbers translate easily into stories of hardship . Marilyn Pena lives outside Mexico City and depends on remittances to get by . Her father migrated to Chicago 12 years ago to find work and , in good months , sends his daughter about $ 200 per week . But last week he sent nothing . "  He told me he has no more work because of the situation there , " Pena said . "  Temporary workers are always the first to lose their jobs in crises like this one , " said Luis Pena , an economist . "  Since many Mexicans in the United States are there illegally , they are most vulnerable to unemployment . " Some economists predict the drop will increase by year 's end to 20 percent . After oil exports , remittances are Mexico 's second-largest source of foreign currency . In Atlanta , Georgia , which has one of the greatest concentrations of Mexican residents in the southeastern United States , Yasmin Gutierrez runs a company that Mexican immigrants use to send dollars abroad . "  Before , they used to come every week and they used to send big amounts and lately , well , nothing , or almost nothing . Some clients are no longer coming , and those that are coming are sending small amounts . " Rosina Gonzalez , who ran a Western Union office in Atlanta several years ago and recently returned to the job , said she has noticed a big change . Back then , "  everyone was sending money to Mexico , Mexico , Mexico -- a lot of money , " she said . "  Now , I 'm returning to work after four or five years and the norm now is that the people who used to send money to Mexico are asking the people in Mexico to send money here . " Some are abandoning their hope for a slice of the American dream by opting to return to their country . The woman running the foreign-currency exchange service Afex , also in Atlanta , said business is so bad she is afraid of losing her job . CNN 's Harris Whitbeck in Mexico City and Viviana Fernandez in Atlanta contributed to this story .	Bank : Mexicans in U.S. sent 12.2 percent less money back to Mexico than last August Some economists predict the drop will increase by year 's end to 20 percent After oil exports , remittances are Mexico 's second-largest source of foreign currency Some migrant workers are opting to return to Mexico
An Alitalia passenger jet pilot said he saw a drone over Brooklyn on Monday . Whether it 's true or not -- the Federal Aviation Administration is investigating -- we are going to be hearing more and more about drones in American skies . I predicted two things about drones in an online essay for Stanford Law Review in December 2011 . Those predictions turned out to be true . But there was something I did n't see coming . My first prediction was that drones would trouble the public more than other contemporary surveillance technologies , in part because of their association with war . Events of the last year have borne this prediction out . Opposition to the domestic use of drones has spread steadily across the United States . Members of each house of Congress and each major party have raised questions about , or even proposed bills to limit , the use of drones for surveillance here at home . The FAA recently solicited comments on the privacy issues drones raise . The agency has granted 1,428 drone licenses so far , saying that typical purposes for the unmanned vehicles include "  law enforcement , firefighting , border patrol , disaster relief , search and rescue , military training , and other government operational missions . " The second prediction was that our collective , visceral reaction to drones would force a national conversation about the adequacy of privacy law . The jury is still out on whether we will seriously re-examine privacy law . For instance , in American law today there is next to no reasonable expectation of privacy in public . If there were , Google Maps would not be able to post its Street View . A police drone could likely hover over your backyard and record video without triggering constitutional scrutiny . Last year , the Supreme Court confronted the question of whether police following someone around continuously for a month using a GPS device required probable cause . Five of the nine justices worried aloud about continuous electronic surveillance , but ultimately the court found against the police officers , on the basis that they had triggered the Fourth Amendment through the act of physically attaching the GPS device to the suspect 's car -- something drone surveillance does not require . There is also little expectation of privacy in illegal possessions or activities . Thus , a dog may sniff your bag at the airport  and elsewhere  without implicating the Constitution , on the theory that the dog only alerts in the presence of contraband . No officer need see the contents of your bag unless you have something you should n't . Drones , meanwhile , can be equipped with a variety of sensors that serve the same function . The very next generation of drones may be able to detect grow lamps , guns , or marijuana and , again , report back only what is already illegal . This year , the Supreme Court is set to decide whether a dog -- and , presumably , a drone -- could sniff even your house without a warrant . The court could take the opportunity either to limit or to seriously extend the contraband exception . In short , I looked up at the sky and saw the storm brewing . One thing I did not predict , however , was the danger to the drones themselves . The city of Seattle , where I live , just ended its modest drone program over citizen protests , even though the drones could only stay up in the air for 15 minutes and were intended to support emergency response . The city of Charlottesville , Virginia , issued a moratorium on the use of drones within city limits . And this is nothing compared with what may happen in 2015 when the FAA paves the way for the use of drones by private parties . I do not blame opponents of drones . They raise legitimate concerns that have gone largely unaddressed . The FAA and others should have taken privacy seriously from the beginning . But I do worry that we are missing out on the transformative potential of drones . What are drones but flying smartphones , one app away from indispensable ? We could see drones accompanying early morning joggers , taking sport , wildlife , and other photography to a new level , or mapping out hard-to-reach geographic terrain . The possibilities , as Vivek Wadhwa recently wrote , are endless . Which is why I would rather see an end to bad privacy law than an end to drones .	Ryan Calo : Like pilot 's claim , we are going to hear more reports of drones in U.S. skies People are fearful of drones because they are used in war and surveillance , he says Calo : Privacy law does n't cover most uses of drones , so many want to change laws He says potential creative uses of drones are endless and bad laws could prevent them
CNN  -- For more than a year , Chris Bayer , a Canadian student , waited tables alongside Chinese migrant workers in a restaurant in Shanghai . While there he received an intimate glimpse of what work life is like for millions in mainland China . "  Nothing was ever really clear , " said Bayer , who is now back in Canada . "  In the West , people state their mind . In China , there was no sharing of ideas . When it came to new processes , no one ever offered any input . There was no teamwork . People were so afraid of doing something wrong . " Though Bayer 's circumstance in China was rare -- a foreigner working alongside migrant workers in local eateries is not common -- his experience in a Chinese workplace is one that experts say is common . Whether a restaurant or a massive company , businesses in China revolve around perplexing power structures , where innovative thinking is often stymied , partly by an education system that prioritizes rote memorization over creative thinking , and partly because employees are afraid of offering input that might insult the intelligence of their boss . "  It is still pretty much a hierarchical culture when it comes to office politics , " said Helen Zhang , author of "  Inside the Chinese Mind : A Guide on How Chinese Think " who believes that Chinese workplace culture is deeply rooted in Confucianism , an ancient philosophy centered on obeisance to authority . "  If you are in line with the boss and present a creative business plan , you can bypass a lot of the bureaucratic stuff , " said Zhang . "  On the other hand , if you are not in that line of power , even if you have creative ideas you will not be able to gain access , so in a way that is limiting creativity in all parts of the company because of the hierarchical nature of the organization . " Regardless of whether or not the Confucian tradition continues to impinge China 's ability to transition its economy to one based on innovation rather than manufacturing , office culture in the country is changing . More multi-national companies have established branches in the country and tech-savvy young Chinese are exposed to international norms via the internet . Most who work in fields related to management studies in China say that offices are becoming more democratized with traditional power structures fading away where employees are equals and ideas can be shared and criticized openly . "  It is difficult to tell how fast it is evolving , " Han Jian , an associate professor of management at the China Europe International Business School in Shanghai , said . "  We need to first define with what group of employees . " The group of employees who appear to be the most influential are those born in the 1980s and 1990s . According to Han members of China 's "  Generation Y " are less loyal to their employers , are seeking jobs that are fulfilling and are seeking to become a part of something bigger and more meaningful . "  Not only the white collar workers , even blue collar workers , they are expecting more fair status , more learning opportunities . They want their supervisors to be more advisors rather than just a boss , " Han said . "  Performance evaluation has been over-focused on growth , an emphasis on the results and the numbers instead of the process , " she said . "  As a result , people have been treated as human resources , which is not a very good term to refer to people . If you focus too much on growth , you ignore the relationship side of the team , the softer side of people . Many companies are trying to adjust to this problem . " Adjusting to this problem means finding leaders who break from the status quo and can foster a new culture of "  empowerment and trust-based management , " said Elisa Mallis , an executive coach at Management Development Services Ltd. in Beijing . "  The older managers , the command-and-control style management , that was in the past , " she said . "  Organizations are looking for creativity and innovative thinking , and these younger employees are thirsty to be providing that . The trick is how to have a culture to unlock that creativity . There is a catching up that needs to be done . Catching up is a possibility , but we ca n't expect it to happen overnight . " In Zhongguancun , a technology hub in Beijing , it does seem that change has happened almost overnight . Only a couple of years ago , debates especially among foreign executives and investors working there complained of the dearth of innovation and lack of skilled entrepreneurs in China . Now there are more start-ups than ever , with some growing into major companies with operations overseas . A number of these new businesses as well as big Chinese internet companies , like Baidu , China 's top search engine , say they have been directly influenced by the open , collaborative work environments pioneered by the likes of Google and Yahoo . Yet while the two U.S. tech giants have had a major affect on IT companies in China , they have suffered their own well-publicized failures in the country because of what many have said was an inability to adjust to local cultural norms both in business and in office politics . "  We did learn a lot from Silicon Valley companies , " Mike Li , senior director of business development for Happy Elements , a Chinese social gaming company that has grown from six employees to more than 500 and operates internationally . "  The management style changed and had to change . Now we need to respect every single employee because they are aware they are the top talent in the industry . "	Office life in China typically dominated by complex power structures Obeisance to authority comes from Confucianism , says experts New generation and international companies changing office dynamics Blue and white collar workers now expect more from their work life
CNN  -- Amos Wekesa has seen a lot of changes in his country . Today , the self-made mogul oversees Great Lakes Safaris , one of the largest tour operators in Uganda . He has made millions introducing his clients to the splendor of his country , whether taking them on elephant treks in Queen Elizabeth National Park , or giving them an opportunity to get close to the local chimps at Murchison Falls . "  Personally I 've traveled the whole world , and I think one of the things I am advantaged with is having seen my own country as a tour guide , and seen how the tourists were shocked about the beauty of this area , " he says . In the last few years , Wekesa has seen tourism numbers swell , but that was n't always the case . Though 2013 saw 1.2 million travelers  a 50 % increase over the last five years  , tourism was at a standstill for many decades in the aftermath of Idi Amin 's bloodthirsty reign . In the shadow of "  Big Daddy " Two year before Wekesa 's birth , Amin had forcefully taken control of the country . Amin declared himself President for Life , Conqueror of the British Empire and Last King of Scotland . He also liked to be called "  Big Daddy " , though his countrymen would eventually bestow a different moniker in the wake of his reign of terror : The Butcher of Uganda . "  At the time I was born , it was a difficult time for every Ugandan . There were a lot of challenges economically for Ugandans . And people tried to find ways to survive , " Wekesa recalls of his challenging childhood . "  My family was close to the border and all they could do was smuggle stuff from Kenya . I think as a child , I was involved in smuggling by the age of seven . " The 50 cent salary There was nothing swift about Wekesa 's rise . After school , he worked sweeping floors , earning $ 10 a month . "  I was living , to be honest , on half a dollar a week , " he recalls . His luck would eventually change when scored got a job as a tour guide . "  I remember very well my first trip . We had three tourists and we went around for 15 days . We were doing camping , we had to put up tents , had to cook breakfast for the guys , and stir the campfire until the last person finished smoking , maybe 3 am . It was a draining job , " he recalls . When he decided to set up his own firm in 2001 , he found he got little support . "  People would say , ` you were born in a poor family , we told you , you ca n't do business , ' " he says . "  I mean 99 % of the people that surrounded were telling me ` You ca n't succeed . You do n't have a background of business . ' But I knew in my heart that you know what , I think God has given me this opportunity and tried me out , and I 'm going to make sure I succeed in this thing . " Today , Wekesa has made millions and become one of the go-to Ugandan tour guides with a company providing 180 jobs to the local economy . "  The company has grown to be one of the top three safari companies in the country . But I think one of things I like about this is having been the first Ugandan to build accommodation inside a national park .  It inspired  so many Ugandans to start building . Now we are seeing a lot of Ugandans saying , ` you know what ` If Amos can do it , I can do it . ' " Watch the video below to learn more about how Wekesa continues to push the local community to bigger and better things . Alternatively , if viewing on a mobile , click here . SEE : Africa disrupts the global art scene	Amos Wekesa was born in a Idi Amin-ruled Uganda To make ends meet , his family started smuggling After drifting from job to job , he stumbled into tourism Today he is a self-made millionaire beloved for his safari tours in Uganda
CNN  An American health care worker who came down with Ebola while volunteering in West Africa arrived Friday at a National Institutes of Health hospital in Maryland for treatment , the NIH said . A chartered aircraft flew the patient to the United States from Sierra Leone , where the person tested positive for the deadly hemorrhagic fever while volunteering at an Ebola treatment center , the NIH said . The patient was in serious condition Friday , the NIH said . Details about the patient 's identity were n't released . The patient is the second with Ebola admitted to the NIH hospital . Nina Pham , a nurse at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas , was admitted to NIH in October after she contracted the disease while treating Liberian national Thomas Eric Duncan . Pham recovered and was released free of disease . Duncan died . Nurse who contracted Ebola sues hospital company NIH is one of only four hospitals in the United States that have biocontainment units and has been practicing for years to treat a highly infectious disease such as Ebola . More than 10,000 people have died in a West Africa epidemic of Ebola that dates back to December 2013 , according to the World Health Organization . Most of the deaths have been in the countries of Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone . Ebola is spread by direct contact with the bodily fluids of an infected person . CNN 's Athena Jones and John Newsome contributed to this report .	American was flown from Africa to Maryland hospital NIH has one of only four U.S. hospital biocontainment units
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Flip through YouTube for five minutes and beyond the bad "  Star Wars " parodies and nose-picking tutorials , you 'll notice there are a lot of people out there who can sing . Really sing . David Foster is involved with a talent contest in which winners get to perform with him on tour . "  There 's so much talent , " says long-time record producer David Foster . "  Everywhere you go , there 's talent that have no clue how to be heard . " But give 16-year-old Mia Boostrom props for having the right idea . She recently set up a camera in her Dighton , Massachusetts , bedroom , propped her guitar on her thigh , hit the record button then sang a breathy rendition of the Maroon 5 song , "  Secret . " Instead of uploading the video to YouTube in the hopes that a record executive might chance upon it , she sent the video to the social-networking site NameDrop.com because she 'd heard it was hosting a talent contest involving Foster .  Her video is here . Then she got a call : Would she perform with the 15-time Grammy winner on his October 25 tour stop in Boston , Massachusetts ? The man credited for nurturing such talents as Celine Dion , Josh Groban and Michael Buble ? Umm , yeah . "  My brother and I always joke around that David Foster has the Midas touch , and everything he touches turns to gold , " Boostrom says . "  He 's like the god of all music . " Watch Foster talk about the contest " Even Foster jokes about his eminence . "  It 's good to be around me , " he says . "  I think . Is that wrong to say that ? " Boostrom is one of 20 finalists chosen by Foster to join his "  David Foster & Friends " tour that kicks off Wednesday in Chicago , Illinois . At each of the 10 stops , two finalists will perform on stage with Foster , one of whom will be chosen to compete in a final showdown at the tour 's last stop in Vancouver , Canada , on November 8 . The finalists will share the stage with a star-filled cast of musicians Foster is taking on tour with him . The group includes former Chicago frontman Peter Cetera ; Earth , Wind and Fire 's Philip Bailey ; "  American Idol " graduates Ruben Studdard and Michael Johns ; and Charice , the 17-year-old Filipino newcomer with vocal pipes that some have said rival Whitney Houston 's and Celine Dion 's . The tour is a spin-off from the PBS special "  Hit Man : David Foster & Friends , " in which Foster used the piano to accompany artists such as Andrea Bocelli , Groban and Buble in a showcase of songs he 'd written or produced in his 35-year career . Foster says to expect special guests in each city , such as Richard Marx in Chicago , and Paul Anka and Neil Sedaka in New York . The contest aspect will give audiences a chance to watch Foster groom fresh talent , a process normally confined to sterile recording studios . For 27-year-old Rosalee Sher , a back-up singer from Las Vegas , Nevada , who 's been picked to compete at Foster 's San Jose , California , gig , this contest is far more appealing than "  American Idol . " "  I 've always been a bit wary of ` American Idol , ' " she says . "  I think it 's the whole television aspect . I may even be a little intimidated by Simon Cowell . " But not by Foster ? "  Not so much , " she laughs . "  I 'm just really excited to perform with him . " But it wo n't just be the contestants who 'll get a chance to prove their worth on Foster 's tour . If you 're in the audience , do n't be surprised to get a shot at showing Foster what you 've got . He says he plans to go into the crowd , mic in hand , inviting people to sing . As Foster was quoted on "  American Idol " last season , "  In life , the microphone passes your lips but once ... you had better be ready to sing . "	David Foster offering unknowns a shot to sing on tour with him Foster , a hit-making producer , has worked with Celine Dion , Michael Buble One winner , 16-year-old Mia Boostrom , is one of 20 finalists Another contestant likes the idea better than "  American Idol "
CNN  -- Bradley Wiggins all but secured his maiden Tour de France victory on Saturday with a storming ride in the 19th and penultimate stage of the race from Bonneval to Chartres . The 32-year-old Sky team rider crossed the finish line in first place , completing the 53.5-kilometer time trial in one hour , four minutes and 13 seconds . The win extends Wiggins ' overall lead to nearly three-and-a-half minutes over his teammate Chris Froome , and more than six minutes over Liquigas rider Vincenzo Nibali who is third . "  I do n't know what to say . Only one more day to go , and I 've won the yellow jersey , " Wiggins said . "  I 've a lot of emotions and a lot of relief it 's finished . It 's a dream come true , but I 've been working to win this for the past five years . The job is done , almost , " he added . Sunday 's final stage to Paris does not traditionally involve a contest for the coveted yellow jersey meaning Wiggins has virtually guaranteed his place in history as the first British rider to win the Tour . Dave Brailsford , manager of the Sky team said : "  We made it our objective to win this race within five years with a clean , British rider , and that 's what we 've done . It might be a surprise to everyone else , but it 's not a surprise to us . " Defending champion Cadel Evans had another disappointing day . The Australian finished the stage in seventh place overall , nearly 16 minutes behind Wiggins . Following his stage win , Wiggins ' wife , Cath tweeted : "  Right everyone I am calling it . Operation drink as much champagne as you can . GO . "	Bradley Wiggins on the brink of claiming Britain 's first win in Tour de France Sky team rider wins penultimate stage of race to extend lead over nearest rivals Barring disaster , 32-year-old will be crowned champion in Paris on Sunday
CNN  -- Spring has sprung and as far as golf fans are concerned , that means only one thing -- it 's time for the Masters . Golf 's first major of 2014 begins at the famed Augusta National on Thursday , this year marking the 78th installment of one of sport 's most enduring contests . They are four captivating days in Georgia that never fail to throw up a myriad of storylines , sub plots and sensations . With the field as wide open as ever , CNN World Sport looks at six Masters headlines waiting to be written . Mickelson assumes Tiger 's mantle The buildup to any major championship is always dominated by Tiger Woods -- whether he is playing or not . Even Phil Mickelson has said it will be "  weird " not to have Woods prowling Augusta 's fairways . With the world No. 1 missing his first Masters due to a back injury , most homegrown fervor will focus on "  Lefty , " the man who already has three green jackets in his wardrobe . The 43-year-old has had his own fitness worries , withdrawing from two tournaments this season , but returned his best finish of the year at the Shell Houston Open just a few days ago . The only current player who can hold a candle to Mickelson in terms of Masters success is Woods , whose four Augusta titles match the feats of Arnold Palmer -- two behind the record haul of another legend of the game , Jack Nicklaus . Mickelson 's most recent triumph came in 2010 and featured a shot that has gone down as one of the finest in the tournament 's illustrious history . It also showcased Mickelson 's game perfectly , as he launched a six-iron from pine needles behind a tree onto the 13th green , over the stream that protects the front of the green . Should Lefty find his very best this week , a fourth Masters crown is a distinct possibility . A wide open field Trying to predict the next major champion is a futile exercise . Since the start of the 2009 season , there have been 18 different winners of the 20 major titles on offer -- and 15 of those were first-time victors . Such is the talent being stockpiled at the top of the game , the winner could come from pretty much any continent and be stationed at either end of the age spectrum . Northern Ireland 's Rory McIlroy was 22 when he won the 2011 U.S. Open at Congressional -- the youngest winner since 1923 , when the legendary American Bobby Jones triumphed . And Mickelson clocked in at 43 years young when he secured the fifth major of his career at the 2013 British Open at Muirfield in Scotland . Talented teenagers and voracious veterans lurk at every corner of a major championship field , and of the 97 players competing , around 70 will think they have a realistic chance of winning . McIlroy 's redemption ? Until McIlroy is cloaked in a green jacket , the abiding memory of his Masters experience will be of a red-faced youngster slumped over his club as one of golf 's greatest chokes took hold . At the tender age of 21 , he went into the final round at Augusta in 2011 with a four-shot lead , and blew it in epic style . The sight of McIlroy wandering around the VIP cabins 50 yards to the left of the 10th fairway looking for his errant tee shot are now the stuff of legend . By the time he signed for an eight-over final round of 80 , to sink from first place to a tie for 15th , there was n't a right-minded spectator who did n't feel the urge to give him a consoling hug . A typically stoic interview on the 18th further endeared the youngster to viewers the world over , as he admitted he could n't put his finger on why he had "  unraveled " in such a fashion . He later said he "  was n't ready to win a major " but just a few months later , he was . At the very next major , he shot a record low U.S Open score to win at Congressional in Maryland by an emphatic eight shots . The next year he doubled his major tally , adding the U.S. PGA Championship to his trophy cabinet , but you get the feeling he wo n't be content until his redemption at Augusta is complete . The Asian invasion Adam Scott became the first Australian to win the Masters last year but how long will it be before the first Asian winner of golf 's most prestigious prize ? Last year 's tournament was abuzz with the sight of China 's Guan Tianlang striding the famous fairways at the tender age of 14 , and winning the low amateur medal . The child prodigy represents a burgeoning talent pool in Asia , seeking to build on the breakthrough success made by Y.E. Yang at the 2009 U.S. PGA Championship . Not only did the Korean serve notice of Asia 's arrival at the top table of golf , he did it by beating the greatest golfer of a generation -- Tiger Woods . The highest-ranked Asian player is Japan 's Hideki Matsuyama , who sits 26th in the world list on only his second year on the PGA Tour . Matsuyama won the leading amateur prize on his Augusta debut as a 19-year-old in 2011 and already has a top-five finish on this season 's PGA Tour . His compatriot Ryo Ishikawa has a top-10 place to his name this season despite languishing in the lower reaches of the top 100 , while Korean veteran K.J. Choi has been a longstanding representative of Asia at the top level . Another one to watch is Thailand 's 51st-ranked Thongchai Jaidee , who has five European Tour titles to his name . The Great Scott sequel ? The last person to retain the Masters crown was -- yep , you guessed it -- Woods back in 2002 but could Scott be about to double Australia 's tally of wins at Augusta ? No-one is ranked higher than the 33-year-old going into the tournament . In fact , only a poor final round at the Arnold Palmer Invitational in March prevented him from returning to Georgia as world No. 1 . He spoke on Tuesday of the privileges afforded to a Masters champion -- playing the course with his father Phil and hanging out in the champions ' locker room . And after an arduous few years trying to land his maiden major , with his slump a the British Open in 2012 a particularly bitter pill to swallow , Scott 's game has been freed up after last year 's win . "  It has been incredible to see the reception I get every week I play since being a Masters champion , " he said in his press conference . "  It has been a real buzz for me to be welcomed at all the golf courses I 'm at . "  This week has been something I have been really looking forward to . But as the last week came around , I also realized it would be time for me to bring the green jacket back and leave it here maybe . "  So that motivated me to work harder that last week at home and try and get myself into some kind of form that can maybe go back-to-back and keep the jacket for another year . " A European 2014 ? The last European to don the famous green jacket was Jose Maria Olazabal in 1999 . It was the second time the Spaniard had triumphed at Augusta , having won the Masters in 1994 . Arguably the third leg of a hat-trick of Olazabal 's career highlights also came on American soil , when he masterminded what will forever be known as the "  Miracle of Medinah " when serving as Europe 's Ryder Cup captain . Trailing 10-6 going into the final day of singles matches in the Ryder Cup clash between Europe and the United States , Olazabal 's men pulled off one of the greatest sporting comebacks of all time to eventually triumph 14Â 1/2 points to 13Â 1/2 . The U.S. team , led this time by veteran Tom Watson , are plotting their revenge ahead of the next clash in Scotland in October , but what better way to lay down a marker than for a European to end the continent 's 14-year drought at Augusta ? There are four European players in the world 's top 10 and two of them -- England 's Justin Rose and McIlroy -- are already major champions . Sweden 's Henrik Stenson won both the PGA Tour 's FedEx Cup and the European Tour 's Race to Dubai last year , while Sergio Garcia has finished in the top five in all four major championships during his career . Do n't be surprised if Europe marches off with another major honor come Sunday . And finally ... . The Tiger factor He might not be playing but that does n't mean Woods wo n't still be a talking point in Masters week . Whether it is clips of his famous chip-in back in 2005 , or reams of column inches detailing his four Masters wins , Tiger 's absence certainly does n't mean he 'll be absent from the debate . And of course , once the green jacket has been placed on the shoulders of the winner , a popular refrain might be "  What if Tiger had been playing ? "	CNN World Sport takes a look at six potential storylines ahead of the 2014 Masters Rory McIlroy and Adam Scott dominate most of the buildup to Augusta tournament Could the season 's first golf major throw up the Masters ' first Asian winner ? Masters runs from April 10-14 at world famous Augusta National Golf Club
CNN  -- Denmark and the Czech Republic drew 0-0 in their opening World Cup Group B match at the Parken Stadium in Copenhagen on Saturday . The home side created a number of chances but could n't capitalize on their dominance and missed suspended striker Nicklas Bendtner -- who is serving a one-match ban for revealing branded underpants during a goal celebration against Portugal at Euro2012 . Michael Krohn-Dehli shot wide and Dennis Rommedahl headed wide in the first half while Christian Eriksen went close with a free kick in the second half . Winners and losers in the transfer window Denmark were unlucky not to be awarded a penalty when defender Daniel Wass was brought down in the penalty box , but German referee Wolfgang Stark rejecting their appeals . Armenia currently top Group B after they beat Malta 1-0 on Friday with Bulgaria and Italy lying second and third respectively after they drew 2-2 in Sofia . Ronaldo on target as Portugal avoid upset Earlier , Scotland started their World Cup qualifying campaign in uninspiring fashion , also being held to a goalless draw against Serbia at Hampden Park . The result leaves Craig Levein 's team in third place with one point after the opening round of matches in Group A. Serbia are fourth . The Scots host FYR Macedonia -- who lost to 1-0 to Croatia in their opening tie -- next Tuesday , while Serbia return home to Novi Sad where they will play Wales , who lost 2-0 to current group leaders Belgium in their opening match .	Denmark get off to disappointing 0-0 home draw against Czech Republic Scotland also fail to make home advantage count as they draw 0-0 against Serbia at Hampden Park
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Pakistan , ranked by the Pew Research Center as one of the least tolerant countries in the world for gays , has pulled the plug on its only online resource for the Muslim nation 's lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender communities . Queer Pakistan , which just went online in July , confirmed it had been blocked September 24 with a Twitter post saying , "  It 's official ! QueerPK is banned from viewership in Pakistan . " Netizens attempting to access the site inside the country are greeted with the note , "  Surf Safely ! This website is not accessible . The site you are trying to access contains content that is prohibited for viewership from within Pakistan . " Outside the country , however , Queer Pakistan can still be reached via a redirect . " #QueerPK is now accessible on new domain name http://humjins.com ! We are determined to fight #censorship if we have your support ! " said Queer Pakistan in a follow-up Twitter post . "  The government 's blocking of Queerpk.com clearly violates internationally recognized rights to freedom of expression and non-discrimination , and should be lifted immediately , " Phil Robertson , Deputy Director of Human Rights Watch 's Asia division , told CNN . Queer Pakistan 's last entry on its homepage , dated September 4 , detailed religious , political and social reactions to its existence -- including a call for the government "  to control them " and a statement that the "  West should not try to impose their values on us . " "  Pakistan 's shuttering of this news portal shows how incredibly out of step Pakistan is with growing efforts by the United Nations to ensure rights protections for LGBT persons , including the strong public endorsement of LGBT rights given by none other than the U.N. Secretary-General himself , " added Robertson . "  Pakistan 's donors should get off the sidelines and publicly press the government to reverse this internet censorship and permit discussions of sexual orientation and gender identity to proceed unhindered . " Homosexuality is illegal in Pakistan , a country of more than 193 million people , nearly 97 % of which are Muslim . According to IRIN , a U.N. humanitarian news and analysis service , "  under section 377 of the PCC  Pakistan Penal Code  , whoever voluntarily has carnal intercourse against the order of nature with any man , woman or animal , shall be punished with imprisonment for life , or with imprisonment of either description for a term which -LSB- shall not be less than two years nor more than -RSB- 10 years , and shall also be liable to a fine . " Pakistan is also one of just several countries in the world that still reserve the death penalty for homosexuals , according to the International Lesbian and Gay Association , or ILGA . This past June , the Pew Research Center released the results of its survey on the "  Global Divide on Homosexuality . " Of 39 countries studied , Pakistan was found to be one of the least gay-tolerant , with 87 % of those surveyed saying homosexuality should be rejected . In Asia , only Indonesia -- the world 's most populous Muslim country -- scored higher with 93 % disapproval . Spain and Germany were found to be the world 's most - and second-most tolerant countries respectively . In a separate survey , Spartacus World 's Gay Travel Index ranked Pakistan 124th of 138 nations surveyed for gay tolerance . The country received an overall score of " -5 " for the high degree of religious influence , anti-gay laws , local hostility and the risk of prosecution . Vatican City , Egypt , and Russia scored even lower -- with Iran bottoming out the list with a score of " -13 . "	Pakistan has blocked country 's first and only gay resources website Queer Pakistan , which went online in July , confirmed block via Twitter Human Rights Watch : "  government block of Queerpk.com violates rights " Pakistan Penal Code details up to life in prison for gay sex acts
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Virginia has n't backed a Democrat for president in 44 years , but economic concerns and changing demographics are giving Sen. Barack Obama a chance to steal the once reliably red state from Republicans . Sen. Barack Obama waves as rain falls on a rally in Fredericksburg , Virginia , in late September . Polls earlier this year showed Sen. John McCain , the Republican presidential nominee , leading Obama , his Democratic rival , in Virginia by a healthy margin . A Virginia Commonwealth University poll taken May 12-18 had McCain leading 47 percent to 39 percent . But as the financial crisis has shaken voters ' confidence in the economy , Obama has begun to open a lead in the state , as he has done in other battleground states . The latest CNN poll of polls has Obama leading McCain 49 percent to 45 percent . A CNN/TIME/Opinion Research Corporation poll conducted September 28-30 shows Obama with an even bigger lead over McCain , 53 percent to 44 percent . The CNN poll 's margin of error was plus or minus 4 percentage points . Polls show that voters have more confidence in Obama to handle the economic crisis than they do in McCain , and are more likely to blame Republicans for the recent turmoil than Democrats . Beside an advantage on the economy , Obama is also benefiting from a demographic shift that has reshaped Virginia politics . For the last 10 presidential elections , Republicans have been able to bank on Virginia delivering its 13 electoral votes to the GOP . President Bush won Virginia by 8 percentage points in both 2000 and 2004 , and President Bill Clinton was never able to capture the state when he ran in 1992 and 1996 . But the explosive growth of Northern Virginia in the last decade has changed the state 's electorate . Drawn by government jobs in nearby Washington and high-tech jobs in the Dulles corridor , the growing population in Northern Virginia is more liberal than the mostly rural southern portion of the state , which has remained reliably Republican . In 2000 , Bush carried Northern Virginia 49 percent to 47 percent , but in 2004 , Sen. John Kerry , the Democratic presidential nominee , carried the area 51 percent to 48 percent . Virginia "  is not as red as people think , " said Doc Thompson , a conservative talk show host for WRVA radio . "  A third of the population in Northern Virginia is pretty liberal . A lot of people are buying into -LSB- Obama 's -RSB- notion of change . " Virginia Democrats have been able to exploit the changes in the electorate into statewide electoral success after years in which the Republicans had a virtual lock on the state . In fact , Virginia Republicans have not won a statewide race since Mark Warner , a former mobile phone company executive , captured the governorship for the Democrats in 2001 by emphasizing economic growth . Democrat Tim Kaine , who was Warner 's lieutenant governor , succeeded Warner in 2005 . And in what may have been the most surprising result of the 2006 election cycle , Democrat Jim Webb defeated the incumbent Republican George Allen in the race for one of Virginia 's seats in the U.S. Senate . The trend favoring the Democrats is expected to continue this year , which is expected to help drive Virginia Democrats to the polls . The extremely popular Warner is almost certain to win this year 's race against another former governor , Republican Jim Gilmore , to replace Virginia 's long-standing Republican senator , John Warner , who is retiring .  The two Warners are not related , and John Warner was unopposed in 2002 . A Washington Post-ABC News poll conducted in late September found Warner leading Gilmore by 30 points , and Warner 's victory would give Democrats control of both of Virginia 's seats in the U.S. Senate for the first time since 1970 . While conservatives may be demoralized by Gilmore 's poor showing , McCain may also face eroding support from Virginia conservatives for his recent proposals for the government to become heavily involved in the U.S. economy , said Thompson , the radio talk show host . During Tuesday night 's presidential debate , McCain suggested that the government directly buy up to $ 300 billion in home mortgages to help homeowners facing foreclosure . Thompson said that proposal , along with his support for a $ 700 billion bailout package to help Wall Street firms that McCain voted for last week , are two signs that McCain is breaking from the free-market principles that Virginia conservatives support and not stopping "  the march toward socialism " that has begun since the economic crisis started . "  They missed a real opportunity , certainly , in Virginia with my listeners who say they want someone who is fiscally conservative , " said Thompson , who added that he 's considering voting for a third-party candidate . "  They could have come out and said , ` no more spending . ' " CNN 's Scott Anderson contributed to this report .	Poll of polls has Sen. Obama leading Sen. McCain 49 percent to 45 percent Rapid growth of suburbs around Washington has made Virginia more liberal Conservatives angered by McCain 's support for bailout , mortgage buyouts
CNN  Social media rode roughshod over traditional football transfer etiquette as Wilfried Bony completed his $ 42.5 million move to Manchester City from Swansea . Hours after pictures of Bony holding aloft a City shirt emerged on Twitter , the English Premier League champions have finally confirmed the signing of the Ivorian striker . Bony , who scored more EPL goals than any other player in 2014 , is currently with the Ivory Coast national team preparing for the upcoming Africa Cup of Nations , which begins in Equatorial Guinea on Saturday . And it was the Ivory Coast Football Federation which prematurely broke news of the transfer by posting the picture on Twitter , sparking a spiky response from Bony 's now former employers Swansea . The Welsh club insisted the deal had not been completed , but now its EPL rivals City have announced the capture of the 26-year-old on a four-and-a-half-year deal . "  It 's a great feeling for me , it 's a big honor to be here and it 's a great challenge , " Bony told City 's official website . "  As a player it 's always good to be part of one of the biggest clubs in the world and it 's a good opportunity for me to be in that situation now -- I 'm really proud . "  I felt excited to wait for this moment and now it 's come , it 's fantastic . " Bony joined Swansea from Dutch team Vitesse in 2013 and has forged a reputation as prolific goalscorer . He scored 15 EPL goals in his debut season and has found the net nine times in the current campaign , including one against his new team in November . The move sees Bony join forces with his international teammate Yaya Toure , who has been with City since 2010 . "  I speak with Yaya every day on international duty and I think he will help me to become a better player and a more clinical striker , " added Bony . "  I 'll be playing with great players here at City and this is an opportunity for me to work hard and to take my chance . " City will be hoping Bony can produce the goals that will help Manuel Pellegrini 's team maintain the Premier League crown and succeed in the European Champions League . Bony will be expected to fill the hole left in the team by Sergio Aguero , the Argentine who has scored 14 league goals for City this season but who is currently sidelined through injury .	Wilfried Bony joins Manchester City from Swansea City The Ivorian will join up with his new team after the forthcoming Africa Cup of Nations The Ivory Coast Football Federation tweeted a picture of Bony holding a City shirt
Cape Town , South Africa  CNN  -- The president of oil-rich Equatorial Guinea pledged a series of reforms Monday , saying he wants to ensure peace , political stability and transparency in the central African nation , ranked among the world 's most corrupt . "  However , " President Teodoro Obiang Nguema Mbasogo said , "  we must remember that Equatorial Guinea is a relatively young nation , inexperienced and , just like a ship , our comprehensive program of reforms will take some time to turn us around , in time for what is called Horizon 2020 . " Obiang , who seized power in a 1979 coup , was re-elected in November in a vote that human rights groups criticized as unfair . Obiang won with 96.7 percent of the vote . The government said at the time that the elections unfolded "  in an atmosphere of tranquility and peace . " Human Rights Watch , however , said after the election that conditions in the country "  cast serious doubt about the credibility " of the vote . "  In recent weeks ,  the government of Equatorial Guinea  has stifled and harassed the country 's beleaguered political opposition , denied the opposition equal access to the media , imposed serious constraints on international observers and failed to set out clear terms to allow journalists to monitor the election , " the organization said in a statement . Transparency International , a nongovernmental organization that examines corruption worldwide , has ranked Equatorial Guinea as among the world 's most corrupt countries . Obiang , speaking Monday at the Fortune/TIME/CNN Global Forum , said his nation would improve in rational use of resources , social sector development , legal institutions , relations with human rights organizations and environmental conservation .	President wants to ensure peace , political stability and transparency ` We must remember that Equatorial Guinea is relatively young , ' he says He seized power in a 1979 coup , was re-elected in November Nation ranked among most corrupt worldwide
London  CNN  -- Fifteen years after Diana , Princess of Wales died in a Paris car crash while being chased by the paparazzi , a French edition of the magazine Closer has angered the British royal family by publishing topless pictures of her son 's wife Catherine . The pictures were taken while Diana 's oldest son Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge were staying at a private chateau in Provence , France , according to Closer magazine . A palace spokesman said their privacy had been invaded in a "  grotesque and totally unjustifiable manner " adding : "  The incident is reminiscent of the worst excesses of the press and paparazzi during the life of Diana , Princess of Wales , and all the more upsetting to The Duke and Duchess for being so . " France is famous for its strict attitude to privacy -- the nation only found out about former President Francois Mitterrand 's second family just before he died -- so why have the images appeared in France ? CNN examines some of the key questions about privacy . Does n't France have some of the strictest privacy laws in the world ? "  Indeed it does , " says Claire de Than , senior lecturer at London 's City University Law School . She explains that there is comprehensive protection for privacy , potential civil and criminal liability , and human rights protection under the European Convention on Human Rights . "  Photographs of private events and individuals can not legally be published without their consent , " she said . "  The French Civil Code states that ` everyone has the right to privacy ' and the courts have generally been strict in enforcing that right . The photographs should only have been published if they are in the public interest , or with consent . There is criminal liability for taking and transmitting photographs of private events without consent . " So how come the photos have been published there ? De Than says some organizations are willing to face the potential penalties , presumably hoping that fines will be lower than the massive increases in sales . "  It is true that average fines have dropped in France in recent decades but image rights have been strengthening and there is a significant risk of this case reversing that trend , " she said . Can France handle the truth on sex lives of rich and powerful ? How does French law differ from that in the UK ? Again , de Than explains that French law is stricter since privacy has constitutional protection . "  The media have generally been more reluctant to publish private information  including photographs  than in the UK . "  However , once photographs have been published then the harm has been done and it is much more difficult to obtain an injunction , so when media are willing to break the law and face the consequences it simply does not matter how strong the legal protection is for citizens ' rights . " Does European law play a part ? Yes . The European Convention on Human Rights is incorporated into French law , just as it is in UK law . Article 8 says that everyone has the right to respect for private and family life , but article 10 protects the right of freedom of expression , although it also adds that the exercise of this freedom carries "  duties and responsibilities . " In making a judgment about privacy infringements the European Court of Human Rights has to balance the two , with neither right taking automatic precedence.The interpretations of the convention 's provisions evolve through case law in each member state . Earlier this year , key rulings in the European Court were welcomed by press freedom campaigners in the UK as tipping the balance towards the right to free speech . Can the royal family start proceedings under the ECHR and if so how would they go about it ? Yes it can , but as privacy expert Jennifer Agate at London law firm Wiggin LLP explains , it would first have to issue proceedings in the French courts , where the breach of privacy has taken place . "  The national courts have a duty to enforce Article 8 , so if proceedings there did not provide an adequate remedy , and having exhausted the French appeal process , the Palace would then be able to appeal to the European Court of Human Rights who would rule on whether France had failed in its Article 8 obligation , " she said . "  This was the approach taken by former F1 racing chief Max Mosley when he felt that the UK courts had failed to protect his Article 8 rights by not imposing a duty to notify the subjects of tabloid stories before publication . " Mosley won a privacy case against the now-defunct News of the World after it published a story falsely alleging that he took part in a Nazi-themed orgy . Mosley : Can the press be free but responsible ? Has anything changed since the death of Diana in 1997 ? Christopher Meyer , the former chairman of the UK Press Complaints Commission , told CNN he thought much had changed in the UK . "  I do n't think the paparazzi are coming back with a vengeance , " he said . "  In the UK there are pretty strict rules about what is private ... but it does n't stop the paparazzi from selling to other markets . It 's difficult to police but that is n't an argument for not having some rules . " Only last month , Prince William 's brother Harry was snapped naked at a party and the pictures were published in the American magazine TMZ . Only one British tabloid , The Sun newspaper , chose to publish the images . Meyer rejected a comparison saying : "  That 's a different case with different arguments . " What 's the likelihood of the photos being published by newspapers elsewhere in the UK or around the world ? Jennifer Agate said prevention would be very difficult . "  In the UK they would be able to get an injunction against publication , but realistically they wo n't be able to stop publication elsewhere , particularly in the United States where the First Amendment is sacrosanct , " she said . "  The photographs are also likely to become available online , which presents an enforcement nightmare . " She adds : "  The photographs are so obviously private and indefensible ; it seems unimaginable that the major publishers in the UK will decide to publish . The British press have typically shown a respect for the royal couple 's privacy , agreeing not to publish photographs taken on their honeymoon . Unfortunately that wo n't stop the photos becoming available online . "  This is a blatant breach which wo n't change the law , but it does highlight the inconsistencies in the approaches to privacy taken in different countries . What makes this so staggering is that publication has taken place in France , a country renowned for its strict privacy laws . " It is a view echoed by Roy Greenslade , professor of journalism at City University , London , and a former tabloid editor . He told the BBC he doubted any British newspaper or British-based magazine would dare to publish the images . "  They quite clearly will be in breach of the editors ' code of practice which says you are not to photograph individuals in private places without their consent , and you would need to have a public interest reason for overcoming that and I ca n't see that there would be one . " He also said the British press risked a backlash from the public if they published them . "  I have a feeling that there might be a bad reader reaction to obviously intrusive pictures . I may be misreading the public view here , but I think she 's quite a popular figure and the idea they might intrude in this fashion might lead to a boycott by readers , " he said . How has the royal family responded ? There is no doubting the anger within the British royal family . A statement from St James 's Palace said the couple have been "  hugely saddened " by publication of the pictures . It added : "  Their Royal Highnesses had every expectation of privacy in the remote house . It is unthinkable that anyone should take such photographs , let alone publish them . "  Officials acting on behalf of Their Royal Highnesses are consulting with lawyers to consider what options may be available to The Duke and Duchess . " How has the magazine Closer reacted ? A statement on behalf of Closer Magazine UK says the UK publication is published by Bauer Consumer Media but the French edition is published under a license by a different Italian business called Mondadori . It adds : "  Closer magazine UK was not offered any pictures of this nature and certainly has no intention of publishing the photographs of the Duchess of Cambridge which have been published in France this morning . "  Closer magazine UK takes its obligations under the PCC -LSB- Press Complaints Commission -RSB- Code extremely seriously and would never publish topless images of a member of the Royal family on its cover or otherwise . "	Legal expert Claire de Than : French law is stricter since privacy has constitutional protection But she adds that average fines for infringement have dropped in France in recent decades Media lawyer Jennifer Agate says preventing publication across the world would be very difficult She said the case highlights the inconsistencies in the approaches to privacy taken in different countries
Jeremy Meeks ' steely baby blues and chiseled cheekbones may be attractive . His rap sheet -- not so much . The 30-year-old stirred a collective swoon nationwide after authorities in Stockton , California , posted his arrest mugshot on social media this week . The picture turned him into an overnight celebrity and prompted various memes , including photo shop images replacing his plain white T-shirt with spiffy high-end suits . But authorities say he 's not such a model citizen . And this is not his first time behind bars . Meeks , a convicted felon who 's served years in prison , was arraigned Friday on counts related to firearm possession , gang membership and probation violation . In the latest arrest , Stockton police stopped him and two others Wednesday during a joint law enforcement gang sweep , authorities said . Meeks was driving and one of the passengers , Terry Bailey , 23 , was on probation . "  A search of the passenger compartment yielded a 9mm round of ammunition and a small amount of what is believed to be marijuana , " the San Joaquin County District Attorney said in a statement . "  A search of the trunk located an unregistered and loaded ... 45 caliber semiautomatic handgun along with two extended magazines . " They did not say whom the guns belonged to , but everyone in the car faces felony weapons charges . Drawing fans ... Meeks ' prior brushes with the law include resisting arrest and admitted ties to the Crips gang , authorities said . He also spent two years in prison in 2002 for a grand theft conviction , according to the District Attorney 's office . "  With his past history , he got out of being incarcerated and put his mind on focus to his family and started doing what he had to do , " his brother , Bryan Varela , told CNN affiliate KOVR . "  Living the dream that he always wanted . " Despite his ill fame , the fans keep coming . His arrest mugshot is still a talker on social media . On Facebook , someone created a Jeremy Meeks fan page , which had nearly 90,000 Likes and counting early Saturday . "  Criminal or not , if he looks good he just looks good , " Santana Martin posted under his picture . "  People are not saying he 's right for whatever he did . They 're just saying he looks good enough to make a mugshot look like a photo shoot . " ... and critics But others are unswayed by his looks . "  The women who think that this guy is hot are only fueling the fire of criminals and crime , and if they 're too ignorant to realize that then they deserve him , " Clark Foreid posted . His fans may have to wait a little longer before they see him out of the jail setting . During the arraignment , authorities raised his bail to $ 1 million from $ 900,000 a day earlier . His next court appearance is Friday . Katherine Angier , who said she 's his mother , has launched a fundraiser for his defense at crowdsourcing website GoFundMe . She posted pictures of Meeks with his son and other family members , describing him as a father and a husband who was on his way to work when he was arrested . He has no ties to any gang , she said . "  He has old tattoos ... which causes him to be stereotyped , " she wrote on the fundraiser page . "  He 's my son and he is so sweet . Please help him to get a fair trial or else he 'll be railroaded . " By early Saturday , she had raised $ 2,000 . And some commenters on GoFundMe have raised a ruckus , blasting her efforts on her son 's behalf .	Meeks , 30 , became an Internet sensation after police released his mugshot Authorities say his looks do n't translate into a model citizen He was arraigned Friday on counts related to firearm possession This is not his first time behind bars
CNN  -- A little over ten years ago the coral reefs of Pemuteran Bay in Bali , Indonesia , were in a state of terminal decay . Fishing with dynamite and cyanide , untreated sewage and rising water temperatures had all pushed the reefs , and life they supported , close to the limit . "  Tourist numbers fell due to destruction of dive and snorkeling sites  while  fishermen had to go further and fish longer for less catch . Hunger was a real threat , " says Narayana Randall Dodge , project manager of the Pemuteran Coral Regeneration project . The fact that the reef also acted as a natural flood barrier increased the town 's exposure to coastal erosion from rising sea levels , he adds . Today however , Pemuteran Bay 's coral reefs are once again teeming with life thanks to Biorock -- an electrically-powered coral reef growing scheme . Coral is placed on underwater electrified steel frames that are connected to a power source on land . The electrification speeds up a process called "  mineral accretion " that helps damaged corals grow and repair themselves . "  Living corals are carefully collected and transplanted onto the structures by attaching with wires or wedged between  electric  steel bars , " says Narayana The project has been so successful that not only has it preserved the reef and surrounding marine ecosystem but it has also become a tourist attraction in its own right , says Narayana . Despite the success of the Pemuteran Bay project , Biorock technology -- first discovered by German-born architect , Wolf Hilbertz , in the 1970s -- is it still only used on a small scale . Although now present in over 20 countries , the largest Biorock scheme is in Pemuteran Bay and only covers around 500 meters . This constitutes a drop in the ocean when compared to the 109,800 square miles of coral reef that the United Nations Environment Program estimates to exist , 75 % of which is believed to be under threat according to the World Resources Institute . Read more about the threat to coral reef diversity But according to Thomas Goreau , head of the U.S. based non-profit , the Global Coral Reef Alliance , Biorock is more efficient than any other form of reef regeneration and will become a particularly effective defense against rising sea levels in years to come . "  We have to run cables out into the sea and you can only go so far before you lose a lot of power , " says Goreau who works to encourage the implementation of Biorock technology in vulnerable ecosystems . The cables dictates how far out at sea the steel frames can be placed  only a few hundred meters  and therefore limits the area of coral reef that can be grown or repaired As the technology develops though , Goreau sees no reason why Biorock structures could n't stretch across hundreds of miles of shoreline or far out into the oceans , protecting vast coastal areas that are exposed to rising sea levels . The key to this prospect becoming a reality , he says , is the harnessing of renewable sources such as tidal and wave energy . "  There is a vast amount of energy in the ocean . It 's untapped and what it will allow us to do is generate our power on site , " says Goreau . "  This renewably powered technology is still in the pioneering stage but it will be far cheaper and far more effective when it becomes available . "	Coral reefs in Indonesia are being regrown on electrically powered steel frames The technology , known as Biorock , has helped maintain delicate marine ecosystems Biorock could soon be powered by renewable energy sources such as wave and solar power
New York  CNN  -- There are days when Congress seems determined to earn its 12 % approval rating -- and that 14 Republican senators are threatening to filibuster any new gun legislation should make your blood boil if you still have a heart to pump it with . Four months after the Sandy Hook Elementary School slaughter , the vast majority of Americans still support some sensible new gun laws , but the same legislation has been declared DOA by conservative senators . It 's enough for some activists to crow that the NRA 's strategy to stall until public attention moved elsewhere has succeeded . The old argument after a mass shooting -- "  it 's too soon " -- has been revealed to be the delay and dodge it always was . In a democracy , the will of the people is supposed to have some sway . And an astounding 91 % of Americans back universal background checks -- including 88 % of Republicans , according to a Quinnipiac poll . Reality check : 90 % of Americans do n't agree on the awesomeness of apple pie and vanilla ice cream . The disconnect between Congress and Main Street America has rarely been so stark . This should be a no-brainer -- especially because the most "  controversial " initial proposals have been dropped because they were considered too politically difficult to pass . Those included a reinstatement of the assault weapons ban , which is only supported by a narrow majority of the American people , and a limit on high-capacity magazines Democratic Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid was hotly criticized by liberals for backing off this proposal , but he cited pragmatism -- the need to get 60 votes for passage . That Reid himself has enjoyed high ratings from the NRA and is looking out for the political fortunes of red state Democrats running for re-election was a source of some suspicion . But even Reid 's attempt to put forward a less polarizing bill has been met by the threatened Republican filibuster . There seems to be no reward for being reasonable . Reid to force a vote Thursday on debating gun measures When Rand Paul filibustered the nomination of CIA Director John Brennan , I cheered -- not because I agreed , but because it was a principled attempt to educate the American people on drone strike policy and because Paul pursued the filibuster the traditional "  Mr. Smith Goes to Washington " way , taking the Senate floor rather than blocking debate with a parliamentary maneuver . But this threatened filibuster on guns follows the old obscure obstructionist ways , blocking debate and accountability rather than encouraging it . The arguments would-be filibusterers such as Sens. Paul , Ted Cruz , Mike Lee , Mitch McConnell and Mike Enzi are making sound as if they are principled -- if you do n't pay attention to the facts . Here 's Enzi 's take : "  The measures proposed currently by the majority do not reduce crime , they simply restrict the American public 's constitutional right to self-defense . ... These bills would take away one of the basic freedoms guaranteed by the Bill of Rights and proponents wo n't stop with these restrictions . " Enzi is singing from the current conservative hymnal , but let 's take a closer look . His statement is a combination of fictitious fear-mongering  "  These bills would take away one of the basic freedoms guaranteed by the Bill of Rights "  and the dystopian slippery slope  "  and proponents wo n't stop with these restrictions . " Let 's start with a reality check on the most predictable of the oppositional bumper stickers : the "  assault on Second Amendment . " First , the Second Amendment is already enshrined in the Constitution . It can not be abridged by legislation . Moreover , there exists the right to reasonable restrictions , such as the ban on machine guns that has existed in the USA since the 1930s and originally passed with NRA support . But do n't take my word for it -- listen to conservative Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia , who wrote in the landmark Heller Decision , which declared D.C. 's functional ban on handguns unconstitutional : "  Like most rights , the Second Amendment right is not unlimited . It is not a right to keep and carry any weapon whatsoever in any manner whatsoever and for whatever purpose : For example , concealed weapons prohibitions have been upheld under the Amendment or state analogues . "  The Court 's opinion should not be taken to cast doubt on longstanding prohibitions on the possession of firearms by felons and the mentally ill , or laws forbidding the carrying of firearms in sensitive places such as schools and government buildings , or laws imposing conditions and qualifications on the commercial sale of arms . -LSB- United States v. -RSB- Miller 's holding that the sorts of weapons protected are those ` in common use at the time ' finds support in the historical tradition of prohibiting the carrying of dangerous and unusual weapons . " Got that ? Unless gun advocates are going to start calling Scalia a RINO  Republican In Name Only  , there should be some room here for reasonable debate . Yes , we need to acknowledge that Americans use guns differently in urban and rural areas . That 's one reason liberal former Vermont Gov. Howard Dean had an A rating from the NRA when he ran for president in 2004 . But if politically difficult but clearly constitutional measures such as an assault weapons ban , which Ronald Reagan backed , are n't included in the proposed legislation , we surely should be able to debate this issue rationally and in the open . Republicans are doubling down on irrational appeals and trying to block debate . That 's another reason this position is infuriatingly stupid -- it compounds the number one negative perception about the Republican Party . Namely , that it is "  inflexible and unwilling to compromise . " Why be afraid of an open debate and an up or down vote on this issue ? Republicans such as Rudy Giuliani and John McCain have pointed out the counterproductive nature of this threatened filibuster , with McCain saying on CBS ' "  Face the Nation " : "  The purpose of the United States Senate is to debate and to vote and to let the people know where we stand . " He added , sensibly : "  What are we afraid of ? " That 's a good question . And the answer is hiding in plain sight . Republican senators are afraid of a conservative primary challenge fueled by huge amounts of outside money backed by activists and lobbying groups such as the NRA . I genuinely believe that both parties have good ideas and good people -- and principled voices are arguing for a constructive compromise and a real debate on this issue . Opponents ca n't even defend their inaction by arguing they are representing their constituents because of the overwhelming bipartisan margins for the proposed increased background checks and cracking down on gun-trafficking . But hyperpartisan politics are once again threatening to trump policy-driven problem solving . That 's why Congress has such a dismal approval rating in the first place . On Tuesday and Wednesday , parents who lost children in the Newtown massacre will be walking the halls of Congress , trying to appeal to the conscience of our legislators . It will be interesting to see whether their personal appeals will carry as much weight as the influence of gun lobbyists . This issue is n't academic -- it is an urgent test of our elected representatives ' ability to be responsive to the public will and reason together . If Newtown ca n't get Washington 's attention , what will ? The shooting of a colleague , Gabby Giffords , apparently did n't . Conscience and compassion should matter more than cold hard cash . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	Universal background checks on gun buyers favored by 90 % of Americans John Avlon says the threatened Republican filibuster would thwart democracy He says the arguments against background checks are bogus Avlon : Real fear of GOP senators is primary challenge funded by NRA
LA GLORIA , Mexico  CNN  -- Tucked away in this small mountain village in Mexico , off a dusty road flanked by pig farms , is where the earliest case of swine flu -- a virus spreading globally -- was confirmed . Five-year-old Edgar Hernandez , known as "  patient zero , " survived the earliest documented case of swine flu . Meet the child known as "  patient zero " by his doctors -- 5-year-old Edgar Hernandez , who survived the earliest documented case of swine flu in an outbreak that , officials say , has now spread across four continents . His family lives in the 3,000-population village of La Gloria in the state of Veracruz , where a flu outbreak was reported on April 2 . State officials arrived and tested dozens of people . Lab tests confirmed that Edgar was the only patient in Veracruz to test positive for the swine flu virus ; the others had contracted a common flu . Health officials had returned to Edgar 's sample only after cases of the new flu strain were spotted around the country . Watch Dr. Gupta meet little Edgar " "  In this case , there 's a patient who turned out to be positive for the swine-flu virus , with the exception that at that time in no region of the world it had been established as an etiological , epidemic cause , " said Mexico Health Secretary Jose Angel Cordova . Edgar has managed to bounce back from his symptoms and playfully credits ice cream for helping him feel better . His mother blamed a huge pig farm in the neighborhood for the virus . Officials have conducted tests at the farm owned by U.S. company Smithfield Foods , and those tests came back negative . Swine influenza , or flu , is a contagious respiratory disease that affects pigs . When the flu spreads person to person , instead of from animals to humans , it can continue to mutate , making it harder to treat or fight , because people have no natural immunity . Symptoms include fever , runny nose , sore throat , nausea , vomiting and diarrhea . Learn more about swine flu and how to treat it " Common seasonal flu kills 250,000 to 500,000 people every year worldwide , far more than the current outbreak of swine flu . But there is no vaccine for this new disease , and little natural immunity , an expert said . "  I think the reason to be concerned is ... we had a vaccine for regular flu , " said Dr. Carlos del Rio of the Emory University School of Medicine in Atlanta , Georgia . "  This is a totally new virus . ... You have a virus to which there 's no pre-vaccination , there 's no prior immunity . And , therefore , the mortality rate may be higher than other influenza viruses . " Watch why swine flu is a "  sloppy virus " " Researchers do not know how the virus is jumping relatively easily from person to person , or why it 's affecting what should be society 's healthiest demographic . Meanwhile , in hard-hit Mexico City , the government closed universities , postponed sporting events , asked restaurants to serve only take-out food , and canceled church services in an effort to try to stem the spread of the virus . Worried residents continue to flood in night and day at hospitals , only to be turned away by armed guards . Watch Dr. Sanjay Gupta inside a Mexico City hospital " Two of the most common antiviral drugs , Tamiflu and Relenza -- which are effective against swine flu -- are in short supply in Mexico 's capital . It also has become impossible to find protective surgical masks , which the government had handed out to one out of every five residents . "  I was looking for a mask at my local pharmacy , but they sold out , " supermarket worker Rafael Martinez said as he rode the subway . "  I know it 's a risk , but I ca n't find one . " CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta in La Gloria , Mexico , contributed to this report .	Boy , 5 , with first documented case and only in village , is recovering Mother blames a nearby pig farm for virus , but tests there came back negative Thousands flood Mexican hospitals , scramble for masks
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- BP , which is responsible for the greatest oil spill in American history , has made the right call in deciding to suspend dividend payments this year . Dividends are not legally required ; they are optional . If BP does not pay a dividend , a shareholder can not go into court and sue BP . Dividends are to be paid only when the company has enough money to take care of its operations , including potential liability for the spill . Some have argued that BP should pay dividends this year because there are plenty of individuals who count on those quarterly dividends . That is a familiar argument . It conjures images of the elderly being forced to choose between buying food or medicine . That imagery was raised in 2003 , when President Bush pushed a dividend tax cut through the Republican-controlled Congress , reducing the maximum tax rate to be paid on dividends to only 15 percent .  You and I pay taxes on our interest and wages at rates up to 35 percent . The reasons for the tax cut were varied , from compensating for risk to encouraging savings to an argument that it "  will help millions of seniors who depend upon dividend income for their day-to-day expenses , " a line from congressman Sam Johnson of Texas . Johnson was certainly not alone in arguing that the dividend tax cut would help senior citizens . Bush 's signing statement provided that "  we 're helping seniors who rely on dividends . " What the Republicans neglected to say was that it was not taxpayers ' senior status that made it more likely that they would receive dividends , but their income levels . The typical low - or middle-income senior does not have a lot of income and does not receive dividends . A 2006 study by the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities showed that only 4 percent of households with less than $ 50,000 of income own stock and actually receive capital gains and/or corporate dividends . Only 11 percent of households with incomes under $ 100,000 receive capital gains and/or corporate dividends . However , more than 75 percent of all capital gains and dividend income goes to households with income over $ 200,000 , which represents only 3 percent of all U.S. households . The reality is that the typical American BP shareholder is not really going to miss that dividend payment . British newspapers have reported that U.K. pension funds have heavily invested in BP , so the impact could be somewhat greater there . BP has agreed to create a $ 20 billion escrow fund that will be administered by an independent third party , Kenneth Feinberg , the mediator who oversaw the September 11 victims ' claims . This is certainly a step in the right direction . BP is not obligated to pay the $ 20 billion all at once but has several years to fund the escrow account . Any amount paid to shareholders is forever lost to victims of the Gulf spill . So if BP were to pay any dividends now and subsequently become financially unable to make more payments to the escrow fund , the Gulf victims would become victimized again . Shareholders who own stock in an oil company that drills offshore without adequate plans in place , should disaster strike , have made a risky investment indeed . Given the potentially catastrophic impact of the oil spill , how can BP really know how much all of the costs will be ? And the safest course of action is to wait until the company gets a better handle on its potential liabilities , which seem to be growing daily . Between the business owners in the Gulf with their very livelihoods being threatened , the workers who are unable to earn a living and the looming environmental cleanup costs  once the oil actually stops spilling into the ocean  on the one hand and BP 's shareholders on the other hand , the choice is easy : The shareholders should wait for their dividends . After all , is n't that why their tax rates are so low ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dorothy Brown .	BP decided to suspend dividends for rest of year as it creates escrow fund for liability Dorothy Brown says it 's impossible to say how much liability BP will have for oil leak She says bulk of dividends go to people who have high income Investors in oil company that drills offshore assume risk , she says
CNN  Sometimes ordinary people can have an extraordinary impact on American politics . The new movie "  Selma " recreates the grass-roots protests that resulted in the Voting Rights Act of 1965 . In this riveting film , audiences get to see how average citizens have been able to push politicians to take action that they do n't have the courage to do on their own . The movie depicts President Lyndon Johnson as a leader who was extraordinarily hesitant , to the point of being hostile , toward proposing a voting rights bill . "  The voting thing is going to have to wait , " Johnson tells a frustrated Martin Luther King Jr. in one scene . "  It ca n't wait , " King responds . The storyline of the movie revolves around a courageous group of civil rights activists who put their lives on the line when Washington was n't helping them until they convinced the President to send a bill to Congress . After the violent response by police to the marchers , Johnson finally listens to King , who had warned that he will be remembered as "  saying ` wait ' and ' I ca n't . ' " A controversy has opened up about the film , with a number of critics , including former members of the administration , pointing out that the movie offers a skewed portrayal of LBJ . He comes across as a president uninterested in voting rights and primarily focused on secret FBI surveillance of King . The best place to look for some answers is in the historical archives . This is the first in a series of columns this month that I will be writing that explore some of the conversations in the White House telephone recordings of President Johnson -- on the occasion of the 50th anniversary of the Great Society , the wide range of domestic programs enacted by the 89th Congress in 1965 and 1966 -- to understand some of the lessons that these conversations offer us in today 's political world . By the time of his landslide election victory against Arizona Republican Barry Goldwater in 1964 , President Johnson believed that Congress needed to pass a strong voting rights bill that would guarantee the ability of African-Americans to register to vote and actually cast their choice on election day . For much of his life he had been opposed to the racial inequality of the South and the civil rights movement in the 1950s and early 1960s had further strengthened his belief in the necessity of federal legislation . In 1964 , Congress , with Johnson 's strong support , had passed the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , which ended racial segregation in public accommodations . President Johnson did n't need any more grass-roots protests to convince him that voting rights legislation was necessary . This is one big thing the movie gets wrong , which has led some scholars , including the head of the Lyndon Baines Johnson Presidential Library and Museum and former adviser Joseph Califano to rightly complain of how the film depicts him . Indeed , the White House tapes tell a very different story . Only a month after his election victory , President Johnson can be heard telling Deputy Attorney General Nicholas Katzenbach on December 14 , 1964 , that he should start crafting a strong piece of legislation that would create a "  simple , effective " method to register African-Americans to vote . Over the next few months , Johnson instructed Katzenbach to conduct secret negotiations with Republican Senate Minority Leader Everett Dirksen to design the framework for a bill , which they would reach agreement on by early March . But the movie is correct in asserting that Johnson disagreed with civil rights leaders on the timing ; he was not ready to actually propose a bill to Congress . While Johnson wanted a bill , he did n't feel he could deal with the issue until later in 1965 . Johnson feared that the time was not right . He sensed that he would n't be able to find enough support in the House and Senate . Congress had just passed the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , he said , so another heated debate over race relations could tear the Democratic Party  then divided between Southern Democrats and liberal northerners  apart . Civil rights activists were unwilling to wait any longer . They believed that when Congress refused to act on major civil rights issues , always with the justification that the time was not yet right , the chances increased that the bill would never see the light of day . King liked to speak about the "  fierce urgency of now , " by which he meant that it was intolerable to postpone resolving the fundamental issues of the day . In American politics , delay was often the way major legislation was left to die . Johnson , who for years had seen the kind of trickery Southern conservatives were capable of when it came to civil rights , could not be moved by logic . During a conversation with King on January 15 , 1965 , the President made it clear to the civil rights leader that he was determined on moving forward on a number of other domestic issues , such as education , Medicare , poverty and more  all of which , Johnson reminded him , would be enormously helpful to African Americans  . In Johnson 's view , they had to get the bills passed before what he called the "  vicious forces " concentrated in Congress to block them . King tried to appeal to Johnson 's practical side , highlighting how the African-American vote in the South would create a powerful coalition , along with moderate whites , in a "  New South . " Johnson would have none of this . Johnson says to King that he and the civil rights movement needed to help him build support for legislation by talking about the kind of rights violations that were common in the South . But he was not prepared to send anything to Congress . The proposal would have to wait . This is the moment when the civil rights activists stepped in . King had warned Johnson that if Congress did not take up this issue , activists would force them to do so . The civil rights movement mobilized in Selma , Alabama , one of the most notoriously racist cities in the South , to organize protests in favor of voting rights . The violence the activists encountered when they were viciously attacked by Sheriff James Clark , an ardent racist who dressed in military garb and wore a button that said "  Never ! " and his men was shocking . As Johnson watched and read the news , he became convinced he might have to take action sooner than he thought . The protests culminated with the historic march from Selma to Montgomery over the Edmund Pettus Bridge on March 7 . The violence that protesters encountered over the Pettus Bridge , on a day that would be remembered as "  Bloody Sunday , " shocked legislators and the President into concluding that legislation was needed immediately . As Rep. John Lewis , then Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee leader , whose skull was cracked by the police , recalled , "  They came toward us , beating us with nightsticks , bullwhips , tramping us with horses , releasing the tear gas . I was hit in the head by a state trooper with a nightstick . My legs went from under me . I thought I was going to die . I thought I saw death . " On March 10 , after asking if the white preacher James Reeb , who had been attacked by white racists after having participated in another march in favor of voting rights , was dead , Johnson admitted to Katzenbach that he was "  anxious " the public would see him as a "  Southern president " who was tacitly supporting racist law officers allied with the forces against the civil rights movement . Johnson took action . He delivered a dramatic address to a joint session of Congress that brought Martin Luther King Jr. to tears . The activists had achieved their goal . Their marches , and the violent response by the white police , had pressured Johnson into taking up this issue before Congress had finished its work on all the other proposals . In the days that followed the protests , Johnson worked hard to move the bill and to contain the forces of white racism . Johnson called Alabama Gov. George Wallace , who was allowing this violence to take place and doing little to establish order , a "  treacherous son of a bitch " when speaking to former Tennessee Gov. Buford Ellington on March 18 . On March 24 , 1965 , Katzenbach  who had been appointed attorney general in February  felt confident that the civil rights forces were pleased with the administration and the activists were subsiding , though he warned the President that he did n't want to give the impression "  because we get this voting bill quickly ... we can all turn our attention to something else and forget about civil rights . Because they 'll continue to raise some hell . " Katzenbach and Johnson were clearly aware of the impact that the grass-roots would have . The Senate passed the bill on May 26 and the House passed it on July 19 , 1965 . LBJ signed the bill on August 6 . In the current era , when Congress seems so broken , Selma is an important way to remember that , ultimately , real political change is in the hands of citizens . Leaders , even those who can be bold and who actually want to get things done usually tend to hesitate on tackling controversial issues , often paralyzed by the pressures of political necessity and opposition . Without citizen pressure , the status quo usually wins even when there is a president who supports reform . But the status quo did n't win in Selma . Civil rights activists made sure their leaders took action . They gave LBJ the political space he needed to maneuver . The result of their efforts transformed American history . Within only a few months , almost 250,000 new African-American voters were registered to vote with the help of federal protection -- and millions more would follow .	New film ` Selma ' tells story of violent repression of civil rights protests , leading to enactment of Voting Rights Act Julian Zelizer says the film gets most of the story right but misrepresents LBJ 's role
CNN  -- Following the attempt to bomb a passenger jet on Christmas Day , President Obama said that "  once the suspect attempted to take down Flight 253 , it 's clear Homeland Security and Aviation Security took all appropriate actions . " I am a commercial airline pilot who was deep over the Atlantic flying from St. Kitts and Nevis for nearly six hours on Christmas Day following the attempted bombing on Flight 253 . I only learned about the incident after landing when I looked at the CNN Web site on my iPhone . I 'm justifiably furious that I was not notified while airborne . Our government clearly dropped the ball . President Obama has ordered a review into the intelligence failures leading up to the attempted Christmas Day bombing by Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , but an equally important review needs to be made into how events were handled once AbdulMutallab attempted to carry out his plan . Specifically , why were n't the actions the Transportation Safety Administration outlines in our aviation manuals initiated , and what took place inside the federal Domestic Events Network in the immediate aftermath of the terror attempt ? Following the 9/11 review , the DEN was given the task of instituting new procedures for controllers on how to communicate information about suspicious aircraft throughout the system . The Washington-based DEN Operations Center is supposed to allow federal agencies with jurisdiction over the security of U.S. airspace to communicate information in real time . So why , after eight years and billions of dollars , was the information concerning the incident available to me only on my iPhone ? Like many commercial pilots , I flew in the military . There , each squadron maintains something called a pre-mishap plan . Basically , it 's a three-ring binder with a series of actions the watch officer is supposed to take when a mishap happens . It 's a very useful tool -- but only if the officer who is assigned to carry out the plan is familiar with the binder 's contents . Good commanding officers run simulated mishap drills within their squadrons to ensure their junior officers effectively execute the plan . I 'm left with the sickening sense that after 9/11 , the government spent horrific amounts of money to create the "  mother of all " pre-mishap plans , but never effectively tested it . Why ? Because unlike the military , where commanding officers rise up through the ranks based on professional competency , our government operates on a different model . How else does one explain the failed governmental response to natural disasters like Katrina , or man-made disasters like the Christmas Day bombing attempt ? The silver lining is that AbdulMutallab 's failed attempt gave us that test of the response system . It can only be attributed to luck that unlike 9/11 , this was not a coordinated attack involving multiple aircraft . Now that the gaping holes in our response have been exposed , let 's do a thorough review of what took place on Flight 253 and ensure we have professionals in decision-making positions who will execute the plan if this happens again . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Steve Danyluk .	Airline pilot Steve Danyluk was flying over Atlantic during bomb attempt but was n't notified He only learned about it after landing "  when I looked at the CNN Web site on my iPhone " Writes "  government clearly dropped the ball " after the incident as well as before Danyluk : Only luck that this was not a coordinated attack involving multiple aircraft
Adding to what 's becoming a lengthy list of run-ins with the law , New York police arrested actress Amanda Bynes on Thursday night after she allegedly tossed drug paraphernalia out the window of her 36th floor Manhattan apartment . Officers were called to her theater district abode after her building manager reported the 27-year-old star was smoking an "  illegal substance " in the lobby , Christopher Pisano , a New York police spokesman , said . Bynes had headed back to her apartment by the time police arrived , but she let officers in when they knocked on the door , according to Pisano . Once inside , the officers noticed a bong and other marijuana paraphernalia sitting on the coffee table , which Bynes immediately started to throw out the window . Police have charged her with tampering with physical evidence , reckless endangerment and criminal possession of marijuana , Pisano said . Bynes was charged with endangerment because the paraphernalia could have hit someone below , he said . The tampering charge is a felony . The two others are misdemeanors . Bynes , wearing a blonde wig , was seen walking into NYPD 's Central Booking from the back of a police van on Thursday evening . Bynes ' representatives did not immediately respond to CNN 's request for comment . The star of "  Easy A " and "  Hairspray " has lived in New York since last fall , having moved there from the Los Angeles area . Bynes has a DUI case pending in Southern California , while a pair of separate hit-and-run incidents against her were dismissed late last year . Earlier this month , she was sentenced to three years probation for driving on a suspended license .	Bynes has had numerous run-ins with the law in recent years Police say she threw a bong out the window of her apartment Bynes is charged with a felony tampering with physical evidence Her representatives have not responded to CNN 's request for comment
CNN  -- A Florida man arrested with his wife on anabolic steroid possession charges claimed to have sold steroids to professional hockey and baseball players in the District of Columbia , but the National Hockey League and Washington Capitals said Wednesday they doubted the allegation . Richard Thomas and his wife , Sandra , were arrested Tuesday night at their home in Lakeland , Florida . Richard Thomas , 35 , told officers he sold the steroids to unidentified players on the NHL 's Capitals and the Washington Nationals of baseball 's National League , said Sheriff Grady Judd of Polk County , Florida . "  Richard Thomas told us that he sold steroids to ballplayers on those teams , " Judd said after the arrests late Tuesday night . "  Now , is that one ballplayer to two ballplayers ? We do n't know . " NHL Deputy Commissioner Bill Daly said the league would investigate the claim , but added that the Washington Capitals "  have no knowledge of any aspect of this allegation . " "  Capitals players were subjected to no-notice testing five separate times over the past two seasons pursuant to the terms of the Collective Bargaining Agreement and there was no indication of any improper conduct or wrongdoing , " Daly said in a statement issued Wednesday . A separate statement by Capitals president Dick Patrick said the team had "  no reason to believe there is any merit to this story , " but would fully cooperate with the NHL 's investigation . MLB.com , the Web site of Major League Baseball , reported Wednesday that the league would look into the allegation involving the Washington Nationals . The report posted on the Web site of the Washington Nationals quoted Nationals president Stan Kasten as saying the team knew nothing about the steroids claim , and that the league was handling it . Thomas and his wife , Sandra , 49 , were arrested Tuesday night at their home in Lakeland , Florida , on 21 counts of possession of anabolic steroids , importation of anabolic steroids and maintaining a residence for drug sales , Judd said . He said the couple has been charged with 10 counts of steroid possession with intent to distribute , 10 counts of importing the drugs and one count of maintaining a residence for drug sales . According to Judd , U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials in Philadelphia received information that the Florida couple would be receiving a shipment of steroids . Judd 's office then obtained a search warrant for the Lakeland home , where officers found steroids from points outside the United States , including Iran , he said . The arrest report says Richard Thomas told officers he was "  the biggest steroids dealer in central Florida . " Bond for Richard and Sandra Thomas was set at $ 215,000 each , said Carrie Eleazer , spokeswoman for the Polk County Sheriff 's Office , and Sandra Thomas was released on bail Wednesday afternoon . The two are scheduled to make an initial court appearance Thursday . CNN 's John Couwels contributed to this report .	Couple arrested in central Florida on anabolic steroid possession charges Claim they sold steroids to professional athletes in District of Columbia , sheriff says Richard Thomas says he sold steroids to pro baseball , hockey players , sheriff says
CNN  -- On ABC , Thursdays now officially belong to Shonda Rhimes . As the creator of flagship ABC programs "  Grey 's Anatomy " and "  Scandal , " Rhimes has already carved out a two-hour block on Thursdays with those two dramas . But this fall , ABC will air three of Rhimes ' shows -- which she co-produces with Betsy Beers -- all in a row . The network , which announced its 2014-2015 lineup Tuesday , has slated "  Grey 's Anatomy " for the 8 p.m. hour on Thursdays , to be followed by "  Scandal " at 9 p.m. and Rhimes ' new drama , "  How to Get Away with Murder , " at 10 p.m. . The series is set in a law school and stars Viola Davis as the "  brilliant , charismatic and seductive " professor of a criminal law class she dubs "  How to Get Away with Murder . " When Davis ' professor becomes involved with four students from her class , the lawyers-in-training realize they have to apply what they 've learned to real life . In addition to that series , ABC is adding five other new programs to its fall lineup , four of which are comedies . The president of ABC 's Entertainment Group , Paul Lee , said in a statement that the network has made an effort to reflect the U.S. 's diversity with its new schedule . "  This season we set out to develop passion projects from world-class storytellers and showcase the faces and voices of America , " Lee said . "  Both plans unleashed a wave of creativity and we 're extremely excited about the new slate . " Here 's what you should watch for on ABC this fall ; new shows are in bold , and all times are Eastern . Monday 8 p.m. : "  Dancing With the Stars " 10 p.m. : "  Castle " Tuesday 8 p.m. : "  Selfie " : A woman realizes that having social media friends ca n't substitute for the real thing , and asks a marketing expert to help her "  rebrand " and learn how to build IRL connections . 8:30 p.m. : "  Manhattan Love Story " : A romantic comedy that shows what people really think on dates . 9 p.m. : "  Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. " 10 p.m. : "  Forever " : A star New York medical examiner studies the dead to solve cases but also in the hope that he 'll uncover why he 's immortal . Wednesday 8 p.m. : "  The Middle " 8:30 p.m. : "  The Goldbergs " 9 p.m. : "  Modern Family " 9:30 p.m. : "  Black-ish " : A comedy about an affluent black family that asks whether "  success brought too much assimilation . " 10 p.m. : "  Nashville " Thursday 8 p.m. : "  Grey 's Anatomy " 9 p.m. : "  Scandal " 10 p.m. : "  How to Get Away with Murder " : Annalise Keating  Viola Davis  is the no-nonsense professor of the law class dubbed "  How to Get Away with Murder . " When she becomes entangled with four of her students , they realize they 'll need to apply what they 've learned to real life . Friday 8 p.m. : "  Last Man Standing " 8:30 p.m. : "  Cristela " : A comedy about an ambitious sixth-year law student on the verge of landing a big internship . 9 p.m. : "  Shark Tank " 10 p.m. : "  20/20 Saturday 8 p.m. : Saturday Night Football Sunday 7 p.m. : "  America 's Funniest Home Videos " 8 p.m. : "  Once Upon A Time " 9 p.m. : "  Resurrection " 10 p.m. : "  Revenge " ABC is planning to pile on the drama in the midseason , when the network will add another Marvel series to its calendar , the "  Captain America " spinoff "  Marvel 's Agent Carter . " There will also be a drama from "  12 Years A Slave " screenwriter John Ridley called "  American Crime " ; a murder mystery series called "  Secrets and Lies " that stars Ryan Phillippe ; a Steven Spielberg-produced series about aliens that have invaded the planet by using children called "  The Whispers " ; and a comedy adaptation of chef Eddie Huang 's memoir "  Fresh Off the Boat . "	ABC will air three of Shonda Rhimes ' dramas on Thursdays this fall The network announced a new fall lineup Thursday Four of the five newly announced series are comedies
CNN  -- Five leaders of what was once the nation 's largest Muslim charity were given long prison sentences Wednesday by a federal judge , months after they were found guilty of aiding a militant Palestinian organization . Ghassan Elashi , seen here at 2001 news conference , was sentenced to 65 years in prison . "  These sentences should serve as a strong warning to anyone who knowingly provides financial support to terrorists under the guise of humanitarian relief , " said David Kris , assistant attorney general for national security . Five leaders of the now-defunct Holy Land Foundation for Relief and Development were convicted in November by a federal jury for providing money and resources to the Palestinian group Hamas , designated by the United States as a terrorist organization . The trial resulted from a 15-year Justice Department investigation . Two of the men -- Shukri Abu Baker , 50 , of Garland , Texas , and Ghassan Elashi , 55 , of Richardson , Texas -- were also convicted on tax fraud charges . At a federal court in Dallas , Texas , U.S. District Judge Jorge A. Solis sentenced Abu Baker and Elashi to 65 years in prison . The other three received lesser sentences : Mohammad El-Mezain , 55 , of San Diego , California , and Abdulrahman Odeh , 49 , of Patterson , New Jersey each received 15 years in prison . Mufid Abdulqader , 49 , of Richardson , Texas , received 20 years . Federal authorities said the Holy Land Foundation was incorporated by Abu Baker , El-Mezain and Elashi . The other two worked as fundraisers . The Bush administration shut down the Holy Land Organization in 2001 and froze its assets , charging that it was raising millions of dollars for Hamas . Before it was shut down , the group , based in the Dallas suburb of Richardson , was hailed as the largest Muslim charity in America . The Justice Department accused it of funneling $ 12.4 million to Hamas in the guise of humanitarian donations . A first trial in 2007 ended in mistrial , prompting the Justice Department to refile charges . The jury in the second trial , which lasted two months , deliberated for eight days . Wednesday 's sentencing , said Kris , culminated "  many years of painstaking investigative and prosecutorial work at the federal , state and local levels . "	Holy Land Foundation has been called the biggest Muslim charity in U.S. 5 charity leaders got prison sentences ranging from 65 years to 15 years Charity accused of sending $ 12.4 million to Hamas under humanitarian cloak Assistant AG : "  These sentences should serve as a strong warning "
CNN  -- Before dying , 2-year-old Riley Ann Sawyers was beaten with belts , picked up by her hair , thrown across the room and held under water , according to an affidavit from the Galveston County Sheriff 's Office . Police believe 2-year-old Riley Ann Sawyers is "  Baby Grace . " The affidavit says the girl 's mother , Kimberly Dawn Trenor , described to police how her daughter died and was put in a plastic storage box that Trenor and her husband , Royce Zeigler , later dumped into a Galveston waterway . Trenor told police Zeigler tried to commit suicide the weekend before Thanksgiving , and wrote a note that said , "  My wife is innocent of the sins that I committed . " The body of the then-unidentified toddler was found on October 29 . A fisherman found Riley 's body stuffed inside a blue storage container that washed up on an uninhabited island in Galveston 's West Bay . A medical examiner said the child 's skull was fractured , and a forensic dentist estimated her age at 2 to 3 years . Police dubbed the child "  Baby Grace . " A police artist 's sketch of her was widely circulated in the news media and prompted a call to Galveston police from Riley 's grandmother in Ohio , who had not seen the girl in months . On Saturday , police arrested Trenor and Zeigler on charges of injuring a child and tampering with physical evidence , the sheriff 's department said . Their bonds were set at $ 350,000 each . The affidavit , obtained by CNN , says when police interviewed Trenor on November 23 , she "  gave a voluntary statement on video with her attorney present in which she describes her involvement , with Royce Zeigler , in the physical abuse , death and disposal of the remains of her daughter , Riley Ann Sawyers . " Trenor 's statement said on July 24 , she and Zeigler both beat the child with leather belts and held her head under water in the bathtub . She said Zeigler picked the girl up by her hair and also threw her across the room , slamming her head into the tile floor . After her daughter died , Trenor 's statement said , she and Zeigler went to a Wal-Mart that night and bought the Sterilite container , a shovel , concrete mix , and other supplies . The statement said the box containing the child 's body was hidden in a storage shed for "  one to two months . " Then , Trenor said , she and Zeigler carried it to the Galveston Causeway and tossed it in , and she saw it drifting away . Riley Ann 's father , Robert Sawyers , on Monday tearfully remembered her as a "  fun-loving girl ... with a big imagination . " Watch Riley Ann 's father describe the little girl " Riley was "  very active , very hyper , but also very well-behaved , " Sawyers told reporters in Mentor , Ohio . She would play "  with a water hose ... spraying the whole patio soaking wet until she was done with it , " he said , as he sat behind two photographs of his daughter , a toddler with wispy blond curls . Robert Sawyers ' mother , Sheryl Sawyers , said the family was "  devastated " to learn that police believe Riley is dead . "  It 's hard to think that I 'll never see her again , " she said , clutching a red Elmo doll she had planned to give Riley for Christmas . Maj. Ray Tuttoilmondo of the Galveston County Sheriff 's Department said Monday that authorities are "  fairly confident " that the toddler whose body was found on October 29 is Riley Ann Sawyers . DNA analysis is still in progress to confirm the identification . The results will be available in two to three weeks , Tuttoilmondo said . Tuttoilmondo said Riley is originally from Mentor , Ohio , a Cleveland suburb , and that "  she and her mother came down to Texas earlier this year . " The toddler was last seen in Texas "  three or four months ago , " Tuttoilmondo said , although he did not know by whom . Tuttoilmondo said police did investigate whether Child Protective Services had taken Riley away , something the mother had reportedly alleged . Of that report , Tuttoilmondo said , "  What we believe is that is not what happened . " The affidavit said Trenor admitted that after the body was found , Zeigler had her type up a fake letter from the Ohio Department of Children 's Services saying that Riley was to be taken away . Trenor left Ohio in late May , after filing an allegation of domestic violence against Robert Sawyers and reaching a joint voluntary agreement that gave her custody of Riley and gave Robert Sawyers visitation rights , the Sawyers ' family lawyer said Monday . "  She disappeared , " Laura DePledge said Monday at the Ohio news conference with the Sawyers . Sheryl Sawyers said Monday that she saw widely distributed police sketches of "  Baby Grace " and contacted Galveston police in November . The girl in the police sketches strongly resembles photos of Riley . "  No , I never did think it would end up like this , " Sheryl Sawyers said Monday , eyes welling . "  I guess knowing is better than not knowing . " The girl 's family in Ohio has been "  very helpful " in this case , Tuttoilmondo said , adding that the FBI and a Galveston County police officer visited the family in Ohio on Sunday . DePledge said Riley was the product of a "  teenage pregnancy . " Trenor and Robert Sawyers were together for two years as a result of the pregnancy , DePledge said , during which time they lived with Sheryl Sawyers . DePledge said Monday that the family , whose grief she described as "  simply overwhelming , " wants Riley 's body returned to Ohio for a memorial service . "  What Riley needs is to be brought home , " she said . "  I think this family needs some closure . " Tuttoilmondo asked anyone who knew the child or her family to help detectives reconstruct the events of Riley 's short life . The toddler 's case has touched even hardened police officers , he said . "  Any way you look at it , we carry a piece of her with us , and we 'll always carry a little piece of her with us , " he said Monday . He held up a small , pink-and-white shoe identical to those the child was wearing when she was found . "  That says it all . A little-bitty shoe . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Sean Callebs contributed to this report .	Police affidavit quotes mother 's statement about beating that killed girl Mother 's husband threw Riley Ann Sawyers across room , affidavit says Husband later attempted suicide , mother told police Riley Ann 's mother and her husband arrested after a tip led to search
Tokyo , Japan  CNN  -- Jun Kitagawa 's foray into public art did n't spring from an epiphany or a burst of passion . It came from hundreds of unwanted white T-shirts stuffed inside cardboard boxes in his Tokyo apartment . Seventeen years ago , Kitagawa decided to make T-shirts with images of women in poses so provocative they 'd make American Apparel blush . But no one wanted to buy them . "  It was very disappointing , of course , " Kitagawa tells CNN . One day , he scrambled into a park and dressed a nude sculpture with one of his unloved white tees . He snapped some pictures then removed the shirt . He showed the pictures to friends . "  Some people would say ` that 's very interesting , ' and some would get mad , " says Kitagawa . Either way , the photos elicited strong reactions . Obscene vandalism or public art ? Whether he 's dressing nude , Romantic era-styled statues in white tees , creating voluminous balloons shaped like human buttocks or setting up gigantic 3D zippers to protrude out of traditional Japanese gardens , Kitagawa 's public art in Japan is whimsical , erotic and playful . There 's a sense that his work functions like a wink -- a reminder not to take everything so seriously . He takes something vaunted as high art , such as a classical nude statue , with romanticized human proportions and a stately countenance , and mixes it with a white T-shirt . "  I want to make a work that takes two extreme elements -- the highest and lowest elements , " he says . Some critics say his work is n't even art -- that it 's vandalism or a prank or even obscene . "  Whether the audience sees my work as pleasing or disturbing , the visual impact that jolts people awake is an essential part of my work , " Kitagawa says . When still in his 20s , Kitagawa quit his job at an architectural firm to become an artist . Since his father was a landscape painter , Kitagawa says he felt becoming an artist would be a practical profession . He became an assistant to a sculptor , learning techniques and working with metals and clay . These days , he asks for permission Kitagawa is a slender man with a slight goatee , his hair underneath a pink and green newsboy hat . He moves quickly , light-footed , almost like a cat -- a trait that served him well back when he had to sneak a ladder into a park to put a T-shirt on a sculpture . These days , he seeks permission before dressing sculptures in public places . Usually he gets denied , or receives no response at all . He says he 's still surprised when officials approve his requests . In the spirit of pop-up art , he removes the shirt from the sculptures after about 7-10 days . "  I just want to let people walking by know something is going on , " Kitagawa says . "  I want to change something from the ordinary . " Kitagawa also does more traditional work , decorating Japanese festivals , cultural events and the occasional shopping mall . In several temporary installations , Kitagawa has toyed with zippers . One giant zipper stretches through a quiet Japanese garden at the Chinzanso Hotel in Tokyo . Another ran through a house in Tokyo , exposing its flooring and structure beneath .  The house has since been demolished . One of his zipper works currently on display at the Roppongi Tunnel was commissioned by the Tokyo Metropolitan Government to clean up graffiti . "  The zippers convey that what we are actually seeing in this real world is just a surface , and that once we peel it off , we see there 's another hidden space , which is completely different from our side , " he says .	Jun Kitagawa has created pop-up installations throughout Japan The artist got his start dressing sculptures with racy T-shirts Kitagawa uses balloons , T-shirts , zippers , ordinary items in his work
CNN  -- The lingering smell of licorice closed several schools around Charleston , West Virginia , on Thursday , nearly a month after a chemical spill that left more than a quarter million people without water . The unscheduled holidays underscore ongoing public concern about whether the water is safe to drink after a methanol compound leaked from a tank farm upstream from Charleston . Though state and federal officials tried to reassure residents this week , "  We are still getting feedback that there is a level of worry , " said Laura Jordan , a spokeswoman for West Virginia American Water , the local water company . Jordan said the licorice odor given off by the chemical -- 4-methylcyclohexane methanol , known as MCHM -- is so strong that it can be picked up even if there is no detectable amount in the water . The chemical , used to clean coal to reduce ash , leaked into the Elk River and from there into Charleston 's water supply on January 9 . The result was a do-not-use order that left about 300,000 people in the area unable to drink or bathe in their water , some for more than a week . An elementary and high school located about 15 miles downstream from the January spill closed early Wednesday and stayed closed Thursday because of renewed complaints about the licorice smell , said Liza Cordeiro , a spokeswoman for the state Department of Education . The complaints came as the schools were trying to flush their water lines to get rid of discolored water after a main broke nearby , she said . One high school student went to a hospital after complaining of burning eyes , and a teacher there was taken to the hospital after fainting , Cordeiro said . School administrators dismissed the students soon after 9 a.m. , she said . Meanwhile , a grade school in Charleston was closed early Thursday after the licorice smell came out of a dishwasher , the Kanawha County School District reported . Two other schools were closed as well , the district said . Jordan said some smell and discoloration can be expected as water lines are flushed out . But she added , "  It does n't mean there is any health risk involved . " "  We 're pushing it out and getting rid of any trace , " she said . An independent water test conducted at CNN 's request found trace levels of MCHM earlier this week , both in untreated river water and in tap water from two homes in Charleston . The amounts range from less than half a part per billion to 1.6 parts per billion -- well below the safe level of 1 part per million set by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Whether that level is safe has been disputed . Dr. Tanja Popovic , the director of the CDC 's National Center for Environmental Health , told reporters Wednesday that repeated testing shows the water is safe . "  What I can say is that with all the scientific evidence that we have , with everything that numerous people have worked on so far , I can say that you can use your water however you like , " Popovic said . "  You can drink it , you can bathe in it , you can use it how you like . " And Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin said tests have shown levels of less than 10 parts per billion or too low to detect . Tomblin said he and his staff have been drinking the water "  for the last couple of weeks . " But when asked whether he could declare it "  100 % safe , " he said , "  No . " "  The only thing that we can rely upon is what the experts tell us , and , you know , for all the tests done that 's who we 've got to depend upon , " he said . A federal grand jury is probing the spill at Freedom Industries , the storage facility at the source of leak , sources familiar with the grand jury 's activities told CNN this week . The spill was originally estimated at about 7,500 gallons , but Freedom Industries reported in late January that about 10,000 gallons of chemical had escaped . The company also told regulators that in addition to the methanol compound that escaped from a ruptured tank , a second chemical -- a mix of polyglycol ethers , known as PPH -- was part of the leak . PPH is not believed to pose any new health hazard for the people of Charleston , but the state environmental agency said failing to accurately report the makeup of the leak is a violation of state law . CNN 's Kevin Conlon contributed to this report .	Lingering concerns after a January chemical spill close West Virginia schools A January spill dumped 10,000 gallons of a methanol compound into a nearby river "  We are still getting feedback that there is a level of worry , " water company spokeswoman says
CNN  -- Lawyers for the mother of a 15-year-old girl suing "  The Tyra Show " lambasted the show 's producers Tuesday as "  reckless " for letting her child appear as a self-described sex addict . The girl 's mother , Beverly McClendon , filed a lawsuit earlier this month in U.S. District Court in Atlanta , Georgia . Her suit contends the show never got valid written consent and an employment certificate , which must be obtained in Georgia before a minor can be "  employed as a performer in a television production ... -LSB- and -RSB- the minor will not be used for pornographic purposes . " McClendon 's lawyers said Tuesday the consent form that "  The Tyra Show " received was clearly forged by the daughter , Jewel Ciera Washington . After being contacted by Washington , the show 's staff called her cell phone and arranged for her to fly from Atlanta to New York and appear on the now-defunct program . Its last air date was May 28 . "  You had an infatuated child who would do anything , " attorney George Lawson told HLN 's Jean Velez-Mitchell , explaining that the teenager doctored the consent form because she admired and wanted to meet Tyra Banks , the longtime model and TV personality . The lawsuit , which seeks $ 3 million , contends that "  The Tyra Show " used Washington 's appearance to further its main goal of boosting ratings and , thus , bringing in advertising revenue . On the show , which aired in October 2009 , Washington claimed she lost her virginity at 9 and had gotten pregnant three times -- claims that she now says were n't true , according to her lawyers . "  It 's like I 'm trapped in a dark place with no light shining down , like I 'm a prisoner , " Washington said on the TV show . "  I know that I need help for this . ... I know it for a fact , " she added . Attorney Wanda Jackson said that by publicizing Washington 's alleged struggles with sex addiction , the program publicly exploited a teenage girl who confessed to having a serious problem . And it did so , she claims , without properly finding out whether the minor had her parent 's permission to appear . "  It 's dangerous , " said Jackson , who is representing McClendon with Lawson . "  If you thought she had that kind of problem , why would you put her on television ? " The defendants have not answered the complaint . No court date has been set . Scott Rowe , senior vice president of worldwide communications for Warner Bros. . Television Group , declined to comment last week to CNN Entertainment . Warner Bros. . Entertainment , one of the defendants in McClendon 's lawsuit , is a division of Time Warner , which is the parent company of CNN . In Session 's Adam Blank contributed to this report .	Lawyers say "  The Tyra Show " was "  reckless " in letting a teenage girl on the show The girl appeared on the show describing her struggles with sex-addiction Lawyers say girl forged a signature on a parental consent form The girl 's mother , Beverly McClendon , is suing "  The Tyra Show " for $ 3 million
CNN  -- An 18-year-old suspect in Tuesday 's bus-stop shootings that wounded seven people in Detroit , Michigan , surrendered to authorities Wednesday , police said . Detroit 's deputy police chief called Tuesday 's shootings "  a travesty . " Detroit Police Chief James Barren said Jamall Turner is one of two suspects in the shootings , which occurred at a bus stop near Cody High School after summer-school classes had ended for the day . Two men got out of a green minivan and "  fired multiple shots at a group of teens waiting on a bus , " he said . Police were investigating rumors from witnesses that the shootings were gang-related . Officials said Tuesday that the gunmen asked for a person by name before shooting , getting back into their vehicle and fleeing . A third person was waiting in the minivan to aid in their escape , he said . Police have impounded two vehicles matching the van 's description but do not know whether either was actually involved in the crime , he said . On Tuesday , police took another person into custody in an arrest that was not related to the shootings , "  but we believe that the arrested individual may shed light on the bus-stop shooting , " he said . Deputy Police Chief James W. Tolbert said three of the victims remained hospitalized Wednesday with wounds that were not life-threatening . He said police believe that semiautomatic handguns were used . "  Any time there is a shooting and we have young people shot , it 's a travesty , " he said . "  We have to get our youth to understand that conflict resolution is n't picking up a gun . " Tolbert added that the police are instituting a "  safe-routes-to-school program . "	Jamall Turner is one of two suspects in the shootings Seven people were injured ; three remain hospitalized Shootings came as summer school classes let out
CNN  -- If ever there were a person born to be a champion of the environment , it 's Alexandra Cousteau . Her father is the enigmatic environmentalist Philippe Cousteau and her grandfather is legendary French explorer Jacques-Yves Cousteau . Alexandra Cousteau established Blue Legacy to educate and encourage people to conserve the earth 's water . Today , Alexandra continues the legacy of her late father and grandfather as she advocates for the protection of our blue planet . With an innate appreciation of the water , Alexandra is committed to telling the stories of the sea in an effort to inspire people to take meaningful action on critical water issues . Through her Blue Legacy organization , Alexandra is helping to shape society 's dialogue on water , one of the primary vehicles through which climate change will be felt . When asked about the impact that her father and grandfather have had on her life , Alexandra explains , "  the best example they gave me was the importance of living a life of consequence , value , and meaning . I honor their memories by creating a legacy of my own in speaking out for the preservation of our blue planet and all its waters . "	Alexandra Cousteau is continuing the legacy of her famous family As an environmentalist , Alexandra advocates for the protection of the oceans She 's set up several foundations to help inspire and educate
CNN  -- To call myself a true ginger is rather an insult to all the legitimate redheads of the world . You know , the super shiny ones you carefully hide from your children . "  Mommy , what is that ? " "  Nothing , dear . Just a horrible genetic mutation . " "  Can we keep it ? " But , alas , I am one of them . I am a ginger . To be fair , my hair  what 's left of it  is really more of a light brown with gentle hints of crimson . However , in a pinch , my beard can definitely be used as a warning beacon for low-flying aircraft . "  Jim , should n't that bright red light be wearing pants ? " Thus , while they 'll never elect me King Ginger of the Pale , I 'm definitely one among the people . Which is why I felt a certain amount of solidarity as I kept reading about the more than 100 redheads who recently marched in Edinburgh , Scotland , during the city 's annual Fringe Festival . The UK 's first Ginger Pride Walk was actually orchestrated by a Canadian comedian named Shawn Hitchins , who said , "  Although it is n't a real word , ` gingerism ' exists , and bullying exists . ... Kids are being subjected to taunts or being bullied in schools just for having red hair . " So they marched through the streets of Scotland 's capital , stretching out like a soulless , human laser pointer . Despite the serious tone set by Hitchins , the event was , of course , organized to be fun . After all , if anyone knows how to have a good time , it 's someone who ca n't go out in direct sunlight . "  Woo ! Party over here ! In the gazebo ! C'mon , guys ! Woo ! Wear long sleeves ! Woo ! " As the red-haired masses marched down the street , some held positive signs saying "  IT GETS REDDER " and "  GINGER AND PROUD . " Though , one little girl warned , "  DO N'T MAKE ME MAD OR I WILL GINGER SNAP . " I see what she did there . Of course , Edinburgh was the perfect place to hold such an event . While the worldwide percentage of natural redheads is only about 1 % to 2 % , in Scotland , it 's somewhere closer to 13 % . Which is still pretty low . And some people think those numbers may get even lower . In 2007 , National Geographic suggested that , eventually , gingers might actually become extinct . Perhaps as soon as 2060 . While many disagreed with this prediction , it certainly did n't help that , in 2011 , the world 's largest sperm bank stopped accepting donations from gingers for lack of demand . Aaaaaaand there goes my retirement plan . Nevertheless , Hitchins has been encouraged by all the support he 's received in his efforts to raise ginger awareness . Especially online . Naturally , then , I was curious what kind of resources were out there on the Web for my people . So , I did a little researching ... and mostly came up with links for fetish porn . Though , in retrospect , perhaps I should n't have Googled "  dirty redheads . " But two hours later I finally got back on track and discovered a couple legitimate support sites such as Redhead-World . net and RedheadandProud.com . I even found several dating options like HotForGinger.com . "  I really like your profile . What 's your SPF ? " So there 's plenty of love and support out there for us pale-skinned , red-headed folks who need a little extra encouragement . Still , it 's kind of a bummer that some kids get teased just for being ginger . I was never THAT red , so I really do n't know what it 's like . But I 'm sure it sucks , and hopefully these bullies will grow out of it and come to realize that freckles are awesome ! But , until then , if any gingers in the world need an extra boost of confidence , just remember this : Axl Rose is a redhead . And so are Conan O'Brien and Bonnie Raitt , and Willie Nelson and , apparently , Genghis Khan . But Carrot Top does n't count . Because I said so . I applaud Hitchins and his Ginger Pride Walk . And maybe next year I 'll be there in person to cheer them on . From a shaded , safe distance . I 'll be in the gazebo . Follow Jarrett Bellini on Twitter .	Redheads marched in Edinburgh , Scotland , for the UK 's first Ginger Pride Walk The event was started by a Canadian comedian named Shawn Hitchins The event took place during Fringe Festival and aimed to raise awareness of ` gingerism '
Tokyo  CNN  -- It reads like a palate-pleasing menu . You start out with a truffle soup , followed by oysters and then a main course of flounder with risotto and vegetables . There 's a side of potatoes and you finish it off with a scoop of ice cream . Here 's the twist -- this all comes with a generous helping of dirt . Not normal , backyard variety dirt , special nutrient-rich soil . The unique tasting menu is the creation of Toshio Tanabe , a former gymnast and boxer turned culinary inventor . Tanabe says the dirt menu was a logical addition for his quaint restaurant , Ne Quittez Pas , which is located in Tokyo 's Gotanda neighborhood . "  This is a seafood restaurant , so we have the flavors from the ocean , " he says . "  I was also looking for flavors from the earth . " The best sushi restaurants in Tokyo But this is not the typical dirt you 'd find it your backyard . It comes from a garden wholesaler , which provides the high quality soil , taken deep beneath the earth 's surface -- 10 meters down , in fact . Germaphobes can take some comfort , perhaps . Tanabe tells us the soil is first lab tested , and then heated to extreme temperatures , to kill off any bacteria . After that process is complete Tanabe will work it into his menu . This special fare is certainly not dirt cheap . The set course is about US$ 110 per person . And how does it taste ? According to one adventurous eater , who wished to remain anonymous the night of our visit , "  I did n't think it would be real dirt . I was a bit nervous . But it was a subtle taste . " When we ask Tanabe , about his next key ingredient , he shrugs and says he 's not sure . "  This idea came about naturally . " Whether diners dig into the dirt or not , it does take the idea of organic to a whole new level . Ne Quittez Pas : 3-15-19 Higashigotanda . Shinagawa-ku , Tokyo ; Nequittezpas.com	Ne Quittez Pas ' special menu features dishes made with dirt Soil is heated to kill bacteria Menu is anything but dirt cheap
Grosseto , Italy  CNN  The captain of the Costa Concordia is guilty of manslaughter and other charges related to the ship 's fatal wreck in January 2012 off the Italian coast , a judge announced Wednesday night , capping a tumultuous 19-month trial and providing a little more closure for dozens of grieving families . Lengthy trial or not , the three-judge panel needed only about five hours to decide the fate of Francesco Schettino . Their choices : Agree with prosecutors who cast the captain as an "  idiot " who abandoned ship like a coward , or with defense lawyers who characterized him as a "  scapegoat " who ended up in a lifeboat only because he lost his balance and fell into it . The judges apparently sided with prosecutors , and sentenced Schettino to spend 16 years in prison and to pay court costs . It could have been worse . The former captain faced a possible sentence of 26 years behind bars for convictions for causing a maritime disaster , abandoning ship and multiple counts of manslaughter . The nightmare will never end for the families of those 32 people who died after the cruise ship , captained by Schettino , crashed into rocks off the Tuscan island of Giglio . And for a while , it may have seemed like Schettino 's trial would n't end either . Over the past two years , the judges heard from a wide variety of witnesses , including passengers , crew members and technical experts . Those testifying included the captain 's female guest on the cruise , Domnica Cermortan , a Moldovan dancer who testified that she was in a romantic relationship with Schettino and that she was with him on the bridge when the accident occurred . Schettino admitted to the court that his reason for sailing close to Giglio -- leading the ship to hit rocks -- was to "  impress the passengers . " Just before the judges got the case , the captain took the opportunity to speak again . Breaking down in tears , Schettino recalled that January day three years ago . "  I died along with the 32 others , " he said . And since then , Schettino insisted , he 's become a victim , processed by a "  media meat grinder . " Schettino 's lead lawyer , Domenico Pepe , began closing arguments Monday , saying the Champagne bottle used to christen the ship when it was put into service in 2006 did not break . "  Everything about this ship and this process since then has been a mystery so far , " he said . Pepe addressed each of the charges against the captain , starting with the count of causing a shipwreck and maritime disaster . He said helmsman Jacob Rusli Bin allegedly did not understand English -- a language he was required to speak -- when Schettino gave the orders to turn the ship away from the island . Therefore , the attorney argued , Rusli Bin caused the accident -- not Schettino . Rusli Bin was subpoenaed to testify , but his last known address was in Indonesia , and he could not be forced to come to the court in Italy . Schettino 's defense also hinged on alleged malfunctions of the ship 's equipment and infrastructure , including claims that the ship had faulty watertight doors and generators , and that the elevators did not work when the ship was listing . These claims were hard to verify because much of the ship was immersed off the coast of Giglio for many months after the accident . "  Everything that did not work on the ship is part of the cause of the accident , " Pepe told the court . "  Lights did n't work . People fell into holes . Elevators got stuck . " Pepe ripped the prosecutor , who referred to Schettino as an "  idiot " in his closing arguments last week . The lawyer offered one last defense of his client Wednesday , even as he said it would be "  easier to fly than defend Schettino , " given all the barbs directed his way by the cruise ship company and media who "  needed a scapegoat . " "  In these three years , " Pepe said , "  Schettino has suffered the same as a 30-year sentence . " Pepe tried to explain why his client left the ship ahead of so many passengers . He used a graphic to illustrate the inclination of the ship at the time Schettino apparently lost his balance and fell into the lifeboat that took him to shore . He said that once on shore , Schettino was able to conduct the rescue operation and that he never lost control of the operation . The attorney addressed the famous exchange between Gregorio De Falco -- commander of the Livorno Port Authority the night of the accident -- and Schettino , during which De Falco told Schettino to "  get back on board for f**k 's sake . " Pepe called De Falco 's tone degrading and said the commander was unprofessional and egotistic at a moment when he should have been a voice of calm . Pepe suggested it was De Falco 's stern manner , rather than Schettino 's alleged ineptitude , that damaged Italy 's reputation . Addressing the manslaughter charges , Pepe tried to bolster his argument that because no one died on impact when the ship slammed into the rocks , Schettino can not be held liable . Everyone who perished lost their lives as a result of the chaotic evacuation , he said . Pepe defended Schettino 's decision to delay the call to abandon ship by nearly an hour . "  Stop for a minute to consider what would have happened if he had abandoned ship 1 kilometer from shore , " Pepe said . "  There could be 4,500 dead , not 32 . "  There were 4,229 passengers and crew on the ship . He also suggested that finding Schettino not guilty would actually be good for Italy 's image , somehow restoring it in the eyes of the world , which has seen this case as an example of Italian ineptitude . But unless there 's a successful appeal , Italy will never find out if that would be the case .	Francesco Schettino is sentenced to 16 years in prison Judges find him guilty of manslaughter and abandoning ship Schettino says he "  died along with the 32 others that day , " went through "  media meat grinder "
CNN  -- New York City Police Commissioner William Bratton ordered an extensive review of the NYPD 's training procedures after the death of Eric Garner , the man who was held in a choke hold and died while police attempted to arrest him , Bratton announced at a press conference Tuesday . After a two-hour meeting with NYPD Training Commissioner Ben Tucker on Tuesday morning , Bratton ordered a "  top to bottom review of all the training that this department provides to its personnel , specifically focusing on force , how do we train our officers for a takedown , how do we train them to use the various levels of force that they 're authorized to use . " "  I would anticipate that coming out of this effort that there will be a re-training of every member of the New York City Police Department in the weeks , months and potential years ahead , " Bratton said . Bratton also said a group of officers will go to the Los Angeles Police Department next week for further training . Bratton led the LAPD from 2002 to 2009 when it went through a "  phenomenal review " of its force policies under the guidance of a federal judge . "  They probably have the most contemporary policies on use of force training that I seek to take advantage of , " Bratton said . In addition , Bratton said he met with the assistant director for the FBI Tuesday morning to discuss their monitoring of the incident . Bratton also said that based on his experience with similar matters he would not be surprised if the U.S. attorney decided to open a civil rights violation investigation . A vigil was held for Garner on Tuesday evening and the NYPD was to assist with the funeral on Wednesday morning in Brooklyn . Confronted by police trying to arrest him for allegedly selling illegal cigarettes , Garner raised both hands in the air and , with passive defiance , told the officers not to touch him . Seconds later , a video shows the officer behind him grab the 350-pound man in a choke hold and pull him to the sidewalk , rolling him onto his stomach . "  I ca n't breathe ! I ca n't breathe ! " Garner said repeatedly , his cries muffled into the pavement . The video of the July 17 skirmish shows the Staten Island man lying on the ground motionless after the incident . An asthmatic , Garner was later declared dead at a nearby hospital , according to CNN affiliate WCBS . Police said he suffered a heart attack and died en route to the hospital . "  This is a terrible tragedy that occurred . ... A terrible tragedy that no family should have to experience , " said New York Mayor Bill de Blasio , calling the video of the incident "  very troubling . " Police said that 43-year-old Garner , a father of six , had a lengthy criminal history , including more than 30 arrests , and had been previously arrested for selling untaxed cigarettes in May . Officer Daniel Pantaleo , who is seen on the video choking Garner , was put on modified assignment and stripped of his badge and gun as the New York Police Department continues to investigate the incident , WCBS reported . The choke hold tactic is prohibited by the NYPD . Opinion : What led to choke hold death Two EMTs and two paramedics have been suspended without pay , Erika Hellstrom , vice president of development at Richmond University Medical Center , said in an e-mail . In a statement , Patrolmen 's Benevolent Association President Patrick J. Lynch called Pantaleo 's reassignment "  a completely unwarranted , kneejerk reaction for political reasons . " He said the move "  effectively pre-judges this case and denies the officer the very benefit of a doubt that has long been part of the social contract that allows police officers to face the risks of this difficult and complex job . " On July 19 , Garner 's friends and family rallied alongside the Rev. Al Sharpton in Upper Manhattan , demanding a full investigation into Garner 's death , according to WCBS . Garner 's wife was set to speak at the rally but found herself too emotional , WCBS reported . New York photographer Joel Graham was at the demonstration , which lasted for two hours . He shared his photographs with CNN iReport , and said he captured them while walking alongside protesters who traveled from New Brighton Church to the store where the choke hold incident took place . "  This crowd was composed of good , well-meaning people who understood that peace was the only option and were adamant that things remain calm over Eric 's death . I have been to protests that have been violent , but this crowd reflected who Eric was , " he said . Graham , an area resident , had a familiar relationship with Garner . "  I am an urban art photographer , and I will talk to everyone on the streets of New York City , " he said , explaining that he would occasionally chat with Garner while taking photos near the Staten Island Ferry . "  I had empathy for Eric and how he must have felt trying to catch his breath , and sympathy for the family . This was a heartfelt emotional protest because everyone loved Eric , " he said . Family of woman beaten by California patrol officer plans to sue New York City to pay $ 100,000 settlement to Brooklyn man beaten by cops Oklahoma father dies in police encounter after mother slaps daughter CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Elizabeth Landers contributed to this report .	NYPD commissioner orders review of training procedures after choke hold death Re-training will specifically focus on use of force Two EMTs , two paramedics suspended without pay , medical center official says Officer arresting man grabbed him in a choke hold ; man died en route to hospital
HOLLYWOOD , California  CNN  -- Singer Christina Aguilera joins fellow Grammy Award winners Alicia Keys and John Legend for "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute , " airing Thanksgiving night on CNN . Christina Aguilera performed her hit single "  Beautiful " at "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute . " The show , taped before an audience of more than 2,000 at the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood , pays tribute to the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2008 . Liz McCartney , dedicated to helping survivors of Hurricane Katrina rebuild their homes , has been named the 2008 CNN Hero of the Year . McCartney , of St. Bernard Parish , Louisiana , received the honor at Saturday night 's taping of "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute . " The telecast airs at 9 p.m. ET/PT on Thanksgiving on the global networks of CNN . McCartney , who will receive $ 100,000 to continue her work just outside New Orleans , was selected from among the top 10 CNN Heroes after six weeks of online voting at CNN.com . More than 1 million votes were cast . "  To the country and the world , I ask you to please join us , " McCartney said . "  Together we can continue to rebuild families ' homes and lives . ... If you join us , we 'll be unstoppable . " Hosted by CNN 's Anderson Cooper , "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " features moving musical performances by Aguilera , Keys and Legend . Watch a preview of the show , including Aguilera 's performance " Aguilera performed her hit single "  Beautiful . " Legend , backed by the world-renowned Agape Choir , brought the audience of more than 2,000 to their feet with his powerful call to personal action , "  If You 're Out There , " from his just-released album , "  Evolver . " Keys sang "  Superwoman , " her tribute to women around the world , from her hit album "  As I Am . " All three performances echoed the spirit of the CNN Heroes campaign , which salutes everyday people accomplishing extraordinary things in their communities and beyond . "  In this time of economic turmoil , it is such a relief to know that there are people like these heroes , people who care more for others than they do for themselves , " Cooper said . The top 10 CNN Heroes , chosen by a blue-ribbon panel from an initial pool of more than 3,700 viewer nominations , were each honored with a documentary tribute and introduced by a celebrity presenter . Each of the top 10 Heroes receives $ 25,000 . Watch a close-up look at the CNN Hero Award " Actors Cameron Diaz , Salma Hayek , John Krasinski , Forest Whitaker , Meg Ryan , Terrence Howard , Lucy Liu , Jessica Biel , Kate Beckinsale and Selena Gomez were among the stars joining in CNN 's tribute to the top 10 . See photos of the presenters " In addition , actor Hugh Jackman presented People magazine 's 2008 Heroes Among Us award to six recipients honored by the magazine . Award-winning producer-director Joel Gallen returned to executive produce this year 's program . Among his credits , Gallen produced telethon events supporting victims of the September 11 terrorist attacks and Hurricane Katrina , winning an Emmy Award and a Peabody Award for "  America : A Tribute to Heroes . " The Kodak Theatre is best known as the first permanent home of the Academy Awards . In addition to its airing on CNN , the second annual "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " will air simultaneously on CNN International and CNN en Español at 9 p.m. ET Thursday  0200 GMT Friday  . In alphabetical order , the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2008 as chosen by the blue-ribbon panel are : Watch the members of the blue ribbon panel " Tad Agoglia , Houston , Texas : Agoglia 's First Response Team provides immediate help to areas hit by natural disasters . In a little over a year , he and his crew have helped thousands of victims at more than 15 sites across the United States , free of charge . Yohannes Gebregeorgis , Addis Ababa , Ethiopia : Moved by the lack of children 's books and literacy in his native Ethiopia , Gebregeorgis established Ethiopia Reads , bringing free public libraries and literacy programs to thousands of Ethiopian children . Carolyn LeCroy , Norfolk , Virginia : After serving time in prison , LeCroy started the Messages Project to help children stay connected with their incarcerated parents . She and volunteer camera crews have taped roughly 3,000 messages from inmates to their children . Anne Mahlum , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania : On her daily morning jogs , Mahlum used to run past homeless men . Today , she 's helping to transform lives by running with them , and others as part of her Back On My Feet program . Liz McCartney , St. Bernard Parish , Louisiana : McCartney moved to New Orleans to dedicate herself to helping Hurricane Katrina survivors move back into their homes . Her nonprofit , St. Bernard Project , has rebuilt the homes of more than 120 families for free . Phymean Noun , Toronto , Ontario : Growing up in Cambodia , Noun struggled to complete high school . Today , she offers hundreds of Cambodian children who work in Phnom Penh 's trash dump a way out through free schooling and job training . David Puckett , Savannah , Georgia : Puckett started PIPO Missions to bring ongoing prosthetic and orthotic care to those in need . Since November 2000 , he has helped more than 420 people in southeastern Mexico , free of charge . Maria Ruiz , El Paso , Texas : Several times a week , Ruiz crosses the border into Juarez , Mexico , bringing food , clothing and toys to hundreds of impoverished children and their families . Marie Da Silva , Los Angeles , California : Having lost 14 family members to AIDS , the nanny funds a school in her native Malawi , where half a million children have been orphaned by the disease . Viola Vaughn , Kaolack , Senegal : The Detroit , Michigan , native moved to Senegal to retire . Instead , a group of failing schoolchildren asked her to help them pass their classes . Today , her 10,000 Girls program is helping hundreds of girls succeed in school and run their own businesses .	2008 CNN Hero of the Year is Liz McCartney of St. Bernard Parish , Louisiana Grammy winners Christine Aguilera , Alicia Keys and John Legend perform The show honors the top 10 CNN Heroes as selected by a distinguished panel It airs globally at 9 p.m. ET November 27  0200 GMT November 28
CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry 's claim that terrorists "  can run but they ca n't hide " following two operations in Africa over the weekend is a reminder that America 's military is increasingly active on the continent . It also raises questions about the international legality of such operations , and their long-term impact , especially in weak African states . In some cases U.S. military engagements in Africa have already caused further instability rather than reducing the risks for international peace and security ? Read more : Should U.S. fear Boko Haram ? The U.S. Army 's Delta force seizure of alleged al Qaeda leader Abu Anas al Libi , who was born Nazih Abd al Hamid al Ruqhay , in Libya is significant for U.S. counter-terrorism efforts . A few months ago , President Barack Obama and former President George W. Bush attended a memorial service in Dar es Salaam on the anniversary of the 1998 bombings of the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania that killed more than 220 people . Al-Libi was allegedly the mastermind behind these bombings and has been one of the U.S. 's wanted men for the last 15 years . A second U.S. military operation by Navy Seals in Somalia was aimed at capturing Islamist militant leader said to be Mukhtar Abu Zubayr , who also goes by Ahmed Abdi Godane , the leader of Al-Shabaab , the group that claimed responsibility for last month 's attack on the Westgate shopping mall in Kenya . The operation was aborted under heavy armed fire during their amphibious assault . Analysis : Al-Shabaab breaks new ground The Somalia operation is a reminder of how technically difficult such operations are and how accurate U.S. intelligence needs to be . Such operations though fit into a bigger picture of U.S. and Western counter-terrorism strategy in Africa , and how these poorly governed , fragile states provide havens and laboratories for terrorism franchises . Listening to the difficulties that the U.S. Navy Seals encountered in Somalia , reminded me that October 3 , marked 20 years since 18 U.S. soldiers and hundreds of Somalis died in a battle that saw two Black Hawk helicopters shot down over Mogadishu . This was seen at the time as one of the worst disasters in American military history . The result in 1993 was that U.S. and international community left Somalia to its own fate -- which over two decades has brought it back into the front-line of international counter-terrorism efforts . While the outcome in 1993 was disengagement , U.S. engagement policy under President George W. Bush in Somalia to remove the Islamic Courts Union in late 2006 resulted in deepened radicalization and the rise of Al-Shabaab . Similarly Western policy toward Libya in 2011 , interpreting a narrow civilian protection U.N. mandate for pushing for regime change resulted in the instability of Libya today , and the knock-on effects in the Sahel , including the radical Islamists capturing northern Mali until a French intervention loosened their hold on power earlier in 2013 . Counter-terrorism policies live on the edge of international law : extrajudicial killings by drones or proxy hit squads are clearly contentious and extraordinary renditions -- suspect-grabbing operations -- are unlawful . Known extraordinary renditions in Africa have occurred in many African countries , including Algeria , Djibouti , Egypt , Ethiopia , the Gambia , Kenya , Libya , Malawi , Morocco , Mauritania , Tanzania , Somalia , South Africa and Zimbabwe . The Obama administration has not publically stated if such operations continue . Today the U.S. military brief congress with maps showing an arc of instability by Islamist terrorists from Somalia and the Gulf of Aden across the Sahel and Sahara to the Atlantic Ocean and Mauritania . Analysis : What 's behind Nigeria 's wave of violence ? The mistake would be to regard this as a homogeneous threat . Boko Haram in Nigeria is very different from Al-Shabaab , which is different from AQIM . What is similar is that all these groups thrive in weakened and poorly governed states but the solutions are much more costly and long term : institution building , good governance and job creation . Building up professional and accountable African militaries is only part of the solution and Western efforts in Somalia in support of the continental body the African Union have had success in combatting Al-Shabaab and significantly weakening them , despite the Westgate attack in Kenya . It is though also pursuing policies that do not cause greater harm and radicalize further , as U.S. strategy toward Somalia in 2006 did and arguably US , French and British policy did toward Libya in 2011 . If we are to advocate good governance , and rule of law as the ultimate remedies , we should more assiduously find ways of ensuring our policies are values-led , rather than by interests . Not forgetting the lessons learned from Somalia and Libya about the unintended consequences of non-intervention and intervention is important if international efforts to counter terrorism in Africa in the long term are to be successful . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alex Vines .	Counter-terrorism policies live on the edge of international law , Alex Vines writes U.S. raids in Africa show that America 's military is increasingly active on the continent Building up professional , accountable militaries is only part of the solution , Vines says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Nearly 6.2 million students in the United States between the ages of 16 and 24 in 2007 dropped out of high school , fueling what a report released Tuesday called "  a persistent high school dropout crisis . " A new report on high school dropouts in the United States calls for a national re-enrollment strategy . The total represents 16 percent of all people in the United States in that age range in 2007 . Most of the dropouts were Latino or black , according to a report by the Center for Labor Market Studies at Northeastern University in Boston , Massachusetts , and the Alternative Schools Network in Chicago , Illinois . "  Because of the widespread , pressing nature of the crisis and the large numbers of young people who have already dropped out , a national re-enrollment strategy should be a fundamental part of America 's national education agenda , " the report says . However , the report notes , the "  absence of new funding at the federal and state level since the 1980s has led to decades of disinvestment in re-enrollment programs across the country . " Despite the funding cutbacks , there have been re-enrollment successes nationally and in a number of cities including Chicago ; Los Angeles , California ; Milwaukee , Wisconsin ; and Portland , Oregon , the report says . "  These programs have found that young people who have left high school before earning a diploma are not dead-end dropouts , but often are in fact students waiting and looking for opportunities to re-enroll and finish high school , " the study says . "  The most successful programs are small  80-150 students  , offering comprehensive after-school and summer activities , led by experienced principals and teachers , focused on learning in the real world , well-funded with local school site program and fiscal control , and track specific , measurable outcomes for student achievement including skill gains , enrollment , attendance , credit gains , promotions and graduations . " Jesse Williams , 22 , was one of those dropouts who is now working on her degree . She said a street shooting in which one friend died and two were wounded was the start of her losing interest in school . "  My junior year I dropped out , " she said at a summit in Washington on Tuesday . "  Too much gang violence , teachers discriminating because of the color of my skin , or where I come from . " Now re-enrolled in a Chicago school dedicated to bringing dropouts back to education , Williams said , "  They help me in my classwork . I have a mentor that checks up on me monthly . She goes to my house , sees if there 's anything that I need . " Researchers for the study analyzed the U.S. Census Bureau American Community Surveys , household data from the Current Population Survey , national data on GED certificate awards and other official sources to examine the problem at the national level and in the nation 's 12 largest states : California , Florida , Georgia , Illinois , Michigan , New Jersey , New York , North Carolina , Ohio , Pennsylvania , Texas and Virginia . Men and blacks and Hispanics of both genders are among those particularly prone to dropping out of high school . "  As these data show , this dropout crisis is disproportionately affecting America 's communities of color , " said Marc Morial , president and chief executive officer of the National Urban League . "  Youth from all communities deserve an equal chance at educational success . " Among the findings in the report , "  Left Behind in America : The Nation 's Dropout Crisis : " The dropout situation at the state level was similarly widespread : The report emphasized the importance of having at least a high school education . "  In the current global economy , having at least a high school diploma is a critical step for avoiding poverty , and a college degree is a prerequisite for a well-paying job , " the study says . "  The costs of dropping out of high school today are substantial and have risen over time , especially for young men , who find it almost impossible to earn an adequate income to take care of themselves and their families . " The report goes on to note : "  Americans without a high school diploma have considerably lower earning power and job opportunities in today 's workforce . Over a working lifetime from ages 18-64 , high school dropouts are estimated to earn $ 400,000 less than those that graduated from high school . For males , the lifetime earnings loss is nearly $ 485,000 and exceeds $ 500,000 in many large states . Due to their lower lifetime earnings and other sources of market incomes , dropouts will contribute far less in federal , state and local taxes than they will receive in cash benefits , in-kind transfers and correctional costs . Over their lifetimes , this will impose a net fiscal burden on the rest of society . "  By contrast , adults with high school diplomas contribute major fiscal benefits to the country over their lifetime . The combined lifetime fiscal benefits -- including the payment of payroll , federal , and state income taxes -- could amount to more than $ 250,000 per graduated student . Such a public fiscal benefit more than outweighs the estimated cost of enrolling a student who has dropped out . "	Newly released study examines rates of high school dropouts Study finds African-American and Latino youths prevalent among dropouts Urban League head : crisis hitting "  America 's communities of color " Report also emphasizes importance of obtaining high school diploma
CNN  -- France will begin the administrative process to extradite former Panamanian leader Manuel Noriega to the Central American country , the French foreign ministry said Monday . The "  consent of the United States " allows the extradition process to start , the French foreign ministry said on its website . A spokeswoman for the U.S. State Department declined to comment on the case and specifically on whether the United States gave its "  consent . " The former dictator will have a month to appeal the extradition after the French government notifies him , the foreign ministry said . Panama has requested Noriega 's extradition to face charges he had a political rival killed . Last year a French court sentenced him to seven years in prison for money-laundering . Noriega also was fined almost 2.3 million euros  $ 2.9 million  , the amount of drug money he was accused of laundering through French banks . Noriega denied the charges . During the trial , Noriega told the court he once had a strong relationship with the United States . "  I received high praise from the U.S. , Interpol and other countries who all benefited from my fight against drugs , " Noriega said . He also received the Legion d'Honneur from the French government when he led Panama . The U.S. government has portrayed Noriega as the ultimate crooked cop -- a man who was paid millions by the Medellin drug cartel in Colombia to protect cocaine and money shipments . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton cleared the way for Noriega to be sent to France in April 2010 after he spent 20 years in a U.S. federal prison . Noriega and his attorneys had argued the United States was violating the Geneva Convention by not sending him back to Panama , where he was seized by U.S. troops after the United States invaded that country in 1989 in Operation Nifty Package . U.S. federal courts ruled against him . When U.S. forces invaded the country , Noriega fled his offices and tried to seek sanctuary in the Vatican Embassy in Panama City . U.S. troops set up large speakers around the compound , blaring music at all hours , a psychological ploy to rattle the general . He eventually surrendered on January 3 , 1990 , and was quickly escorted to the United States for a civilian trial . Noriega 's U.S. sentence , originally for 30 years , ended in September 2007 after time off for good behavior . However , he remained in prison while the French extradition issue was decided . While in U.S. custody , Noriega suffered from prostate cancer and had a stroke . "  On this subject , all I 'm prepared to say from the podium today is that this is both a law enforcement matter and a matter of our confidential diplomatic correspondence , so I ca n't get into the details , " said Victoria Nuland , the State Department spokeswoman .	NEW : A U.S. State Department spokeswoman declines to comment on the case Former Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega will have a month to appeal the extradition French officials say the "  consent of the United States " allows the process to start Panama requests Noriega 's extradition on charges he had a political rival killed
CNN  -- Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki on Monday directed the nation 's armed forces not to strike residential neighborhoods in Falluja after reports of weekend clashes there between al Qaeda-linked fighters and government troops , Iraqi state TV said . But al-Maliki also appealed to Falluja 's residents and tribes to expel the "  terrorists " from the central Iraqi city in order to save their neighborhoods from the risk of confrontations between militants and government forces . Conflicting reports have emerged over who is in control in Falluja , the site of some of the bloodiest fighting between U.S. forces and insurgents during the Iraq War . Some suggest the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria  ISIS  , formerly the group commonly known as al Qaeda in Iraq , is in partial control of Falluja , which is situated roughly 60 kilometers  37 miles  west of Baghdad , in the volatile province of Anbar . The government said this weekend that the Iraqi army shelled Falluja in an effort to clear out the al Qaeda-linked fighters . The recent fighting in Anbar , whose population is predominantly Sunni , has posed a serious challenge to al-Maliki and his Shiite-dominated government . It has raised questions about his ability to hold the country together amid a rising insurgency . No U.S. troops U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said Sunday that the United States will help the Iraqi government in the battle against al Qaeda-linked fighters in western Iraq , but stressed it wo n't send troops . "  We 're not contemplating putting boots on the ground , " Kerry said in Jerusalem during a visit to the Middle East . "  This is their fight , but we 're going to help them in their fight . " U.S. military forces , which invaded Iraq and toppled the Saddam Hussein regime in 2003 , fought insurgents there for years until they withdrew at the end of 2011 . American officials say they are keeping a close eye on the current unrest . "  This situation remains fluid , and it is too early to tell or make conclusions about it , " White House Press Secretary Jay Carney said Monday . "  But we are accelerating our foreign military sales deliveries and are looking to provide an additional shipment of Hellfire missiles as early as this spring . " Vice President Joe Biden spoke with al-Maliki by phone on Monday and stressed that "  the United States stands with Iraq " in the battle against the al Qaeda-linked fighters , the White House said . Biden also spoke to Osama al-Nujaifi , the speaker of the Iraqi Council of Representatives . Kerry : We 'll help Iraq but wo n't send in troops Sunni ire in Anbar The current conflict in Anbar is not a simple matter of al Qaeda against pro-government troops , according to local officials , political analysts and tribal leaders in Falluja and Ramadi . They say al-Maliki is spinning the strife to his political advantage . These sources say al-Maliki is trying to cite al Qaeda as a pretext to crush Sunni protesters and is using the same tack to get international support for his fight . They say he 's trying to create the false impression that ISIS fighters control much of Falluja . ISIS has been working doggedly to exploit a security vacuum across Iraq . While there are pockets of al Qaeda-linked militants in Anbar cities such as Falluja , most regions in Anbar , including Falluja , are under the control of local police and Sunni tribes not aligned with militants , they explained . Fighting also has raged between these local tribes and the Iraqi army in Falluja . Violence has flared in recent days because of the arrest of a Sunni lawmaker in Ramadi and the dismantling of protest sites by the army in Falluja and Ramadi . Most Sunnis in Anbar have simply been angry at being regarded as second-class citizens in the majority Shiite country . They have been upset with the local and central government authorities , and these grievances have spurred an ongoing uprising against the Shiite-led government . Echoes of earlier conflict Things are a bit more stable in Ramadi , Anbar 's capital , because the local government struck a deal with tribes to fight against ISIS . Al-Maliki is more supportive of local government in Ramadi than Falluja , according to these sources . Soldiers have not been stationed inside Anbar cities for nearly a year . Now , al-Maliki is trying to bring the soldiers back , a move prompting Sunni resistance . The deal the government made with some Sunni tribal fighters was comparable to a 2007 U.S. pact that saw Sunnis turn on al Qaeda , siding with American and Iraqi forces to bring about an end to the terrorism . The fighting between Sunni militants against Shiite-dominated forces was reminiscent of fighting during the height of the Iraq War in 2006 and 2007 , when sectarian violence nearly tore the country apart . The analysts who spoke to CNN said that Shiites have more to fear in the conflict with Sunnis because they risk losing their newfound and widespread power after decades of domination by a largely Sunni regime led by Saddam Hussein . CNN 's Steve Brusk , Joseph Netto and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. Vice President Joe Biden talks to al-Maliki by phone , stressing support NEW : The U.S. is stepping up military deliveries but wo n't send troops into Iraq , officials say The Iraqi Prime Minister appeals to Falluja residents to expel "  terrorists " from the city Government troops have reportedly clashed with al Qaeda-linked fighters
CNN  You wo n't see any pouty lips or peace signs in these selfies . The criticized and laughable trend has spread to the devices used to capture them . Prepping for their ultimate self-portrait , vintage cameras docked on old tripods pucker up for their own selfie against backdrops that bring out their best qualities . No filters necessary . These unusual photos offer a view of the oft forgotten film cameras that brought us to the digital age and ushered in the selfie . Wanting to capture the rich history of analog in a modern , striking fashion , photographer and engineer Jürgen Novotny developed CameraSelfies , a continuing project featuring cameras from the 1920s onward . Novotny has a personal tie to some of these antique cameras : The Agfa Silette was a gift from his father when he turned 6 . It gave him the outlet to deal with his "  creative boosts , " he said , the freedom to isolate moods and generate "  special , subjective views on a situation . " This passion turned into a portfolio with styles ranging from still life to surreal landscapes . Novotny could think of no better way to pay homage to the medium of his work than by having the cameras themselves display their true colors . He began to collect historic cameras from friends or on auction sites like eBay for little to nothing . "  I learned that nondigital cameras seemed in fact to be forgotten ... beautiful and still great equipment I could n't afford a few years ago are now available for a few bucks . Good for me , but somehow sad , " Novotny said , reminding him a bit of the "  Toy Story " movie . "  What if those abandoned and forgotten cameras would try to depict themselves and their situation ? Without users anymore , looking back upon their glorious times ? " he said . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . Thus , the idea for CameraSelfies was born . The photographs themselves are not selfies in the traditional definition . Novotny captures them with his modern , digital Fujifilm X-T1 in a small modest studio . "  I tried to capture them in their ` natural ' and chronologically correct environment , on backgrounds of contemporary wallpapers , " he said . CameraSelfies uses the "  selfiemania , " trend to remind the viewer of the origins of photography , and also keep in mind that expressive photography is more than noise reduction , smile detection and technical specifications , he said . "  These cameras are not only tools reduced to their technical data , but also still an inspiration for artists and a source for creativity . Here , the viewer is out of the frame , the cameras and the creative potential they offer stand in the foreground . " Jürgen Novotny is a photographer based in Germany . You can follow him on Facebook and Twitter .	Without the help of pouty faces and Instagram filters , vintage cameras pose for "  selfies " Jürgen Novotny collected historic cameras from friends or on auction sites like eBay Novotny captures them with his modern , digital Fujifilm X-T1 in a small studio
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Miles Levin was determined to have his say in life , even with cancer ravaging his young body . Miles Levin wrote that cancer and the fear of death could expand your heart and mind . So when he died Sunday , six days before his 19th birthday , he had blogged a lifetime of thoughts and dreams , words that somehow pierced through cyberspace and moved tens of thousands of readers to respond . Miles blogged on the Web site of Beaumont Hospital in Royal Oak , Michigan . He is n't the only person to have written about a dying man 's journey , but his wit and wisdom and choice of words , captured the imagination of his readers . His story was circulated well beyond the world of cancer patients and was told by mass media including the Detroit News and CNN . His wisdom was sought by parents of dying children , those recovering from the brink of death , even ordinary people captivated by his enjoyment of life in the face of death . In announcing his death Sunday afternoon , his family wrote : "  Miles went from a boy-man to a man-boy . At a cost that would knock your socks off , Miles still managed to pack a wallop . He could not and would not be held back ... from living life to the fullest . " Remembering Miles ' gifts " He launched his blog in 2005 simply welcoming new readers and telling them he 'd been stricken by a pediatric cancer called alveolar rhabdomyosarcoma , a cancer that strangles the muscle tissues . He declared that his motto would be simply : "  It 's always something . " And it was . He got sick and then better and then sick again and still managed to navigate the milestones of adolescence : keeping up in school , a first serious girlfriend , college applications , prom . He became a little famous and laughed at himself . He wrote about the value of life and somehow acquired an almost supernatural ability to appreciate small pleasures such as a sunny day and the presence of a loving family . This notion that cancer and the fear of death could expand your heart and mind was adopted by readers as far away as Asia and South America . He declared that perhaps he 'd been put on Earth to show people how to die of rhabdomyosarcoma with grace . When he was too sick to write , his mother , Nancy , chimed in : "  The boy Miles was in June of '05 was sweet , innocent , disorganized and ungrounded  "  earth to Miles "  . The man that Miles is today is clear , focused , heart centered , and purposeful . "  It was cancer that intervened . That deadly disease carried the power of transmutation , and Miles accepted the offer . " She quit her full-time job as a psychotherapist to tend to him . The Sarcoma Foundation , which advocates for better treatment of soft-tissue cancers such as his , awarded him its 2008 Leadership in Courage Award a year early . Predicting he would n't be around to receive it , they taped his acceptance speech . A few months ago , knowing his high school graduation was probably his last milestone , he wrote : "  I can rest assured that even if I succumb to the rogue cells , I will leave behind a legacy of victory . "  Dying is not what scares me ; it 's dying having had no impact . I know a lot of eyes are watching me suffer ; and -- win or lose -- this is my time for impact . " He did have an impact . Fifteen-thousand bloggers were responding monthly this summer . In the end , they mostly sent him God 's blessing . And they spoke of positive things like seeing the brightly shining stars on summer nights , the beauty of the will to survive , simple things that make you laugh , and the need to use words to soften the hardest of times . The funeral will be private . A public memorial service at Miles ' high school , the Cranbrook School in Bloomfield Hills , Michigan , is planned for November . E-mail to a friend Rose Arce is a senior producer with CNN .	Miles Levin , whose blog was read by thousands , died Sunday at 18 Had battled alveolar rhabdomyosarcoma since 2005 His witty , optimistic writing captured his enjoyment of life in the face of death
1 . "  Für Elise " Bob Dylan wrote "  It Ai n't Me , Babe " for Joan Baez . Written by : Ludwig van Beethoven Written for : Some girl probably not named Elise . In fact , as far as most historians can tell , Beethoven did n't even know an Elise . Instead , the song was originally titled "  Bagatelle in A minor " based on some handwritten notation a Beethoven researcher claimed to have seen on a now-lost copy of the sheet music . Further complicating things , Beethoven had hideous handwriting -- to the point that some scholars speculate the song was actually written "  for Therese , " as in Therese Malfatti , one of several women who turned down a marriage proposal from the notoriously lovesick maestro . 2 . "  Philadelphia Freedom " Written by : Elton John & Bernie Taupin Written for : Billie Jean King , as a thank-you for a tracksuit she gave Elton . And what a tracksuit it must have been ! The 1975 song remains one of the most popular disco hits ever , leaving thousands of Hustle enthusiasts wondering just what Billie Jean King had to do with Philadelphia , anyway . Turns out , the song was a reference to King 's pro tennis team , The Philadelphia Freedoms . Prior to 1968 , tennis players were all considered "  amateurs " and were n't eligible to receive prize money . So , if you did n't have the wealth to support yourself , you could n't play . Billie Jean King fought against those constraints , ultimately founding Professional World Team Tennis in 1974 and turning tennis into a paid league sport . 3 . "  Lola " Written by : The Kinks ' Ray Davies Written for : A transvestite . But the question is , which one ? According to Rolling Stone , "  Lola " was inspired by Candy Darling , a member of Andy Warhol 's entourage , whom Ray Davies briefly  and cluelessly  dated . If that 's the case , then "  Lola " is just another notch on Darling 's song belt -- she 's also referred to in Lou Reed 's "  Walk on the Wild Side . "  "  Candy came from out on the Island / In the backroom she was everybody 's darlin ' . " But , in the Kinks ' official biography , Davies tells a different story . He says "  Lola " was written after the band 's manager spent a very drunken night dancing with a woman whose five o'clock shadow was apparently obvious to everyone but him . 4 . "  867-5309 / Jenny " Written by : Jim Keller  of Tommy Tutone  and Alex Call Written for : Unknown , as the songwriters apparently make up a different story about its inspiration every time they 're asked . While the woman continues to remain a mystery , however , the phone number is all too real . In fact , it 's been wreaking havoc ever since 1982 and the passage of time has n't quelled of the number of crank calls . In 1999 , Brown University freshman roommates Nina Clemente and Jahanaz Mirza found that out the hard way , when the school adopted an 867 exchange number for its on-campus phone system . Immediately , the girls ' innocuous Room No. 5309 became a magnet for every drunk college kid with a 1980s fetish . Other unfortunate phone customers have fought back with creative and profitable solutions , like the holder of 212-867-5309 , who put his phone number up for auction on eBay in 2004 . Bids approached $ 100,000 before eBay pulled the item at the request of Verizon , the number 's actual owner . 5 . "  Oh , Carol " Written by : Neil Sedaka Written for : Carole King , naturally . Sedaka and King actually dated briefly in high school -- a romance Sedaka was able to successfully milk with "  Oh , Carol , " a then top-10  if now somewhat forgettable  1959 pop song . However , the real success of "  Oh , Carol " came a few months later , when it inspired King to write a rebuttal entitled "  Oh , Neil . " At the time , King and her husband , Gerry Goffin , were fledgling songwriters in need of a hit tune . "  Oh , Neil " was n't that , but it did pay off . After Sedaka gave a tape of the song to his boss , King and Goffin landed jobs at the legendary Brill Building pop music factory , where the duo went on to write chart-toppers like "  Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow " and "  The Loco-Motion . " 6 . "  It Ai n't Me , Babe " Written by : Bob Dylan Written for : Joan Baez , though it clearly was n't the nicest gift Dylan could have given her . The two met in 1961 , when Baez was an up-and-coming folk singer and Dylan was a nobody from Minnesota . Desperate to make his break in the music biz , Dylan worked like crazy to get Baez 's attention . He eventually ended up going on tour with her , which is how he first became famous , and also how the two began dating . For a while , they seemed like the golden couple , but things soon went downhill . During a European concert tour together in early 1965 , they had a huge fight and parted ways . That May , Dylan was holed up in a hotel after being hospitalized with a virus , and Baez , hoping to remain friends , decided to bring him flowers . Sadly , that 's how she found out that her ex was already dating someone else . That someone else was Sara Lownds , whom Dylan married a mere six months later . 7 . "  Our House " Written by : Graham Nash  of Crosby , Stills , Nash & Young Written for : Joni Mitchell . In December 1968 , Nash and Mitchell moved into a cozy little house in the Laurel Canyon section of Los Angeles . Though commonly left out of the hippy pantheon , Laurel Canyon was sort of a commune-home away from commune-home for San Francisco society -- not just CSN&Y , but also Jim Morrison , the Eagles , Frank Zappa , and more . "  Our House " was directly inspired by a lazy Sunday in the Nash/Mitchell household . The couple went out to brunch , hit an antiques store , and then returned to find the house just a bit chilly , at which point Nash literally "  lit a fire , " while Mitchell "  placed the flowers in the vase that she bought that day . " No , really . The whole tableau seemed so ridiculously domestic to Nash that he immediately sat down and spent the rest of the day writing about it . E-mail to a friend	Several famous songs written by men for a woman Beethoven 's "  Für Elise " may have been written "  for Therese " Songwriters make up stories about who is behind "  867-5309 / Jenny "
Amman , Jordan  CNN  For the first time since an international coalition began striking ISIS , one of its pilots has been shot down and taken captive by the Islamist extremist group . The captured F-16 pilot is Moaz al-Kasasbeh , a member of Jordan 's military , according to his uncle , retired Jordanian Maj. Gen. Fahd al-Kasabeh . A source in Jordan 's armed forces said that the pilot was downed carrying out a mission Wednesday around Raqqa , the militant group 's de facto capital in northern Syria , according to Jordan 's official PETRA news agency . "  Jordan holds the terror organization and those who support it responsible for the safety of the pilot and the preservation of his life , " the source said . The London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights had reported earlier Wednesday that ISIS had shot down an unidentified warplane near Raqqa , a city that has been a chief target in the U.S.-led military coalition 's air campaign . Photos purported to be of the downed pilot appeared on an ISIS-affiliated Twitter account , images that Fahd al-Kasabeh said showed his nephew . The retired general told CNN that he 'd asked Maj. Gen. Mansour S. Al Jabour , head of the Royal Jordanian Air Force , to investigate the case and take all necessary actions . Jordan part of international coalition The international coalition has been conducting airstrike after airstrike against ISIS in Syria since September , an effort that began weeks after first going after the group in neighboring Iraq . In that period , the coalition has claimed many successful hits that have damaged the militant group . But this time , it 's the coalition that has taken a hit . While the United States has been at the head of this coalition , it 's relied on a number of other countries to help militarily as well as to help legitimize the effort internationally . Many nations have signed up to do so in Iraq , whose government is actively partnering with the coalition to target ISIS . But Syria has been a bit more complicated . Officials from the United States and elsewhere support moderate forces in Syria 's years-long civil war trying to unseat President Bashar al-Assad , despite the fact they are both fighting against ISIS . Some Middle Eastern nations , however , have joined the United States in going after ISIS in Syria . Jordan -- which borders Syria , Iraq and Israel , and has a history of working with Washington -- has been notable among them . ISIS ' grisly reputation for atrocities One big question now becomes what ISIS does with Moaz al-Kasasbeh , now that it has him in captivity . Their track record , unfortunately , speaks for itself . The beheadings of hostages , including American journalist James Foley , was one of the things that spurred the United States to step up its fight against ISIS . Those were just some of the many atrocities blamed on the Sunni extremist group , committed during its quest to create a caliphate -- which it calls the Islamic State -- under its strict form of Sharia law . ISIS has tried to justify its raping and enslaving of women and children , not to mention mass killings of civilians , as part of its campaign to purge "  nonbelievers . " The Jordanian military source cited by PETRA noted ISIS ' past when talking about its capture of the F-16 pilot . "  It is well-known that this organization does not hide their terrorist schemes , " the source said . "  And they have carried out many criminal acts of destruction and killing of innocent Muslims and non-Muslims in Syria and Iraq . " Journalist Hadel Ghaboun reported from Amman , Jordan , and CNN 's Greg Botelho reported and wrote this story from Atlanta . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz , Mohammed Tawfeeq and Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	The captured F-16 pilot 's name is Moaz al-Kasasbeh , his uncle says "  Jordan holds the terror organization ... responsible , " Jordanian source says The plane was reportedly shot down near the ISIS stronghold of Raqqa
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Add another name to the list of political observers who think a Clinton-Obama ticket would be unbeatable : Cuban leader Fidel Castro . Cuban President Fidel Castro , shown in a file photo , says a Clinton-Obama ticket in 2008 would be "  invincible . " In an editorial in Cuba 's communist party newspaper , Granma , the ailing dictator called the pairing of the two White House hopefuls "  invincible , " according to an English translation on the paper 's Web site . Castro , who has overseen communist rule of Cuba since 1959 , did , however , make it clear that he is no fan of the two Democrats ' support of democratic reform in Cuba . "  Both of them feel the sacred duty of demanding ' a democratic government in Cuba , ' " Castro wrote . "  They are not making politics : they are playing a game of cards on a Sunday afternoon . " The two Democratic candidates actually disagree over America 's policy toward Cuba . Obama , a senator from Illinois , wants to grant Cuban-Americans "  unrestricted rights to visit family and send remittances to the island . " Such activities are strictly limited by current U.S. policy . Meanwhile , Clinton , New York 's junior senator , said through a spokesman that "  we can not talk about changes to U.S. policy " unless and until Castro passes from the scene and a new government demonstrates its intentions . Castro also weighed in on the "  will-he-or-won ` t-he " debate on former Vice President Al Gore 's potential candidacy . "  I do n't think he will do so , " Castro said , but added that Gore , "  better than anyone , he knows about the kind of catastrophe that awaits humanity if it continues along its current course . " Castro was not , however , entirely full of praise for the 2000 Democratic nominee , conceding , "  When he was a candidate , he of course committed the error of yearning for "  a democratic Cuba . " Castro , 81 , has not appeared in public in over a year . Intestinal problems forced him to hand over power of the island to his brother , Raul , in July , 2006 . E-mail to a friend	Cuban leader predicts Sens. Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama ticket in 2008 The pair on the presidential ticket would be "  invincible , " Castro said Castro also predicted Al Gore will not enter the presidential race
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A Fort Drum soldier has been arrested in the deaths of two fellow soldiers found stabbed in an apartment near the upstate New York military base , the Jefferson County Sheriff 's Office said . The suspect , Joshua Hunter , 20 , is being held at an undisclosed location in Ohio after being charged with two counts of second degree murder , Undersheriff Tim Dowe told CNN . The sheriff 's office identified the victims as Spc. Waide T. James , 20 , of Cocoa , Florida , and Spc. Diego A. Valbuena , 23 , of Port St. Lucie , Florida . The two men were found dead with multiple stab wounds Tuesday in an apartment at Meadowbrook Apartments in LeRay , New York , Dowe said . The complex houses mostly military families near the main entrance of Fort Drum , he said . The motive is unknown at this time , Dowe said . Sheriff 's deputies were called to the apartment complex after the soldiers were reported missing for duty , but the sheriff 's office could not say when that report was filed . James and Valbuena , who joined the Army in 2007 , worked as motor transport operators with the Headquarters and Headquarters Battalion , 10th Mountain Division , according to a Fort Drum press release . Both had served in Iraq , it said . Police and Fort Drum officials would not release information about the suspect , including his rank or relationship to the victims . CNN 's Evan Buxbaum contributed to this report .	Soldier Joshua Hunter , 20 , charged with two counts of second degree murder Two soldiers were found stabbed at apartment near Fort Drum base Victims identified as Spc. Waide T. James , and Spc. Diego A. Valbuena
Officials temporarily locked down the White House late Tuesday afternoon after a man followed a motorcade into a secure area of the heavily guarded complex , authorities said . Around 4:40 p.m. , the driver entered the restricted area , behind a motorcade that included President Barack Obama 's two daughters , who go to school nearby , according to a source familiar with the incident . Obama was inside the White House at the time , with his schedule indicating he was meeting with Secretary of State John Kerry . The driver was stopped by uniformed officers at the outer perimeter of a checkpoint at 17th Street and Pennsylvania Avenue and taken into custody , according to a U.S. Secret Service spokesperson . The Secret Service later identified the 55-year-old man as Mathew Evan Goldstein , who was charged with unlawful entry . The source familiar with the incident said the driver holds a pass for the U.S. Treasury building , which sits next to the White House on Pennsylvania Avenue . About one hour after it began , journalists inside the White House were told the lockdown had been lifted . Video from the scene showed a gray Honda Civic with its doors , hood and trunk opened as authorities looked in and around it . Due to tight security at the home of the President , even minor breaches can bring a lockdown . In February , for instance , there was a lockdown after a man tried to jump the White House fence . Authorities gave an all-clear after checking his briefcase and taking him into custody . A more intense situation occurred last October , when a woman drove a black Infiniti with her 1-year-old child inside into a security barrier and Secret Service officer near the White House . Police pursued her through some of Washington 's most famous streets until she was shot and killed by police near the U.S. Capitol ; her child was unharmed and taken into protective custody .	Secret Service identifies the driver as Mathew Evan Goldstein Source : A driver followed a motorcade carrying Obama 's daughters The vehicle 's entry into a secure area on White House grounds prompts a lockdown Its driver is stopped and taken into custody , a Secret Service spokesperson says
CNN  -- After three days of chaos , drama and an unknown number of deaths , Algerian special forces troops were holding their fire Saturday in the hostage crisis at a gas facility in the nation 's remote eastern desert . Survivors described harrowing escapes from Islamic militants who attacked the site early Wednesday . Some invented disguises , others sneaked to safety with locals , and at least one ran for his life with plastic explosives strapped around his neck . Read more : Power struggle : The North African gas industry targeted by militants Six Americans were freed or escaped , a U.S. official told CNN . The official provided no other information about their status or whereabouts . Other Americans were unaccounted for . Earlier Friday , State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said there were still American hostages . Yet others did n't make it -- either because they were killed or were still being held . Algerian troops staged a military offensive that some nations criticized as endangering the lives of the hostages . On Friday evening , they were trying a different tack , the state-run Algerian Press Service reported . "  The special forces ... are still seeking a peaceful settlement before neutralizing the terrorist group currently entrenched in the refinery , and free a group of hostages who are still detained , " it said . It was not clear how many hostages were seized by the Islamist militants and how many were being held . Thursday 's military operation ended with 650 hostages -- including 100 foreigners -- freed , while at least 12 Algerian and foreign workers were killed , the Algerian Press Service reported in what it said was a "  provisional toll . " In addition , 18 of the attackers were "  neutralized , " APS said . The dead include one American , identified as Frederick Buttaccio , Nuland said , as well as one French and a Briton . At least 30 foreign workers were unaccounted for , according to the official media report . British Prime Minister David Cameron said Friday that significantly fewer than 30 of his countrymen remained hostage . There could be as few as three Americans still being held , two U.S. officials said earlier this week . The fate of eight workers with Norway 's Statoil , some of them Norwegians , was unclear , the company said . The same was true for the 14 Japanese unaccounted for , Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told reporters in Tokyo . And Malaysia 's state-run news agency , citing its foreign ministry , reported Thursday two of its citizens were held captive . A spokesman for Moktar Belmoktar , a veteran jihadist who leads the Brigade of the Masked Ones -- a militant group associated with al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb -- reportedly offered to free U.S. hostages in exchange for two prisoners . The prisoners are Sheikh Omar Abdel Rahman , who orchestrated the 1993 World Trade Center bombing , and Aafia Siddiqui , a Pakistani woman jailed in the United States on terrorism charges , the spokesman said in an interview with a private Mauritanian news agency . Asked Friday about the offer , State Department spokeswoman Nuland rejected it , restating U.S. policy of not negotiating with terrorists . Opinion : Algeria situation is a wake-up call for the U.S. "  This is an act of terror , " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Friday . "  The terrorists ... are the ones who have assaulted this facility  and took  hostage Algerians and others  from  around the world who were going about their daily business . " A dangerous escape The incident began when the militants -- apparently angry about Algeria 's support in a rout of their comrades in neighboring Mali -- targeted the gas field , which is operated by Algeria 's state oil company in partnership with foreign companies . At the start of the siege , the militants gathered the Westerners into a group and tied them up , survivors said . The kidnappers were equipped with AK-47 rifles and put explosive-laden vests on some hostages , a U.S. State Department official said . Some escaped by disguising themselves , according to Regis Arnoux , who runs a catering firm at the site and had spoken with some of his 150 employees who were freed . He said they all were traumatized . Some Algerian hostages were free to walk around the site but not to leave , Arnoux said . Still , a number of them escaped , he said . As the Algerian military launched its operation Thursday , the militants moved some hostages , according to one survivor 's account . With plastic explosives strapped around their necks , these captives were blindfolded and gagged before being loaded into five Jeeps , according to the brother of former hostage Stephen McFaul . McFaul , with the explosives still around his neck , escaped after the vehicle he was in -- one of several targeted by Algerian fighters -- crashed , his brother said from Belfast , Northern Ireland . "  I have n't seen my mother move as fast in all my life , and my mother smile as much , hugging each other , " Brian McFaul said upon his family hearing his brother was safe . " ... You could n't describe the feeling . " McFaul said the other four Jeeps were "  wiped out " in an explosion , and his brother believed the hostages inside did not survive . Nations mobilize to help citizens caught up in crisis U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta , speaking in London , said the United States was working round the clock to ensure the safe return of its citizens . Those freed include some Americans , while other U.S. nationals were unaccounted for , U.S. officials said . The United States was evacuating 10 to 20 people caught up in the crisis , a U.S. defense official told CNN on Friday . They were to be taken to U.S. facilities in Europe , where their condition would be assessed , the official said . Britain has sent trauma experts and consular affairs officers who can issue emergency passports to a location about 450 kilometers  280 miles  away from the plant , a Foreign Office official said , so they 'll be "  as close " as possible to the scene . BP , which helps operate the gas field , said Friday that a "  small number of BP employees " were unaccounted for . The same held for some workers with Statoil , though nine others with the company -- including five who escaped -- were safe . Four Norwegians and a Canadian with that oil firm were in an airport hotel in Bergen , Norway , after being taken from Algeria , Statoil spokeswoman Sissel Rinde said . Both BP and Statoil -- two of the foreign companies with In Amenas operations -- were pulling their personnel out of Algeria , which is Africa 's largest natural gas producer and a major supplier of natural gas to Europe . BP said it had flown 11 of its employees and several hundred staffers from other companies out of the North African country Thursday and was planning another flight Friday . Mark Cobb , a Texan who has a LinkedIn profile identifying him as general manager for a BP joint venture out of In Amenas , said he had escaped on the first day and was safe . A U.S. military C-130 plane flew 12 people who were wounded in the ordeal out of Algeria on Friday , a U.S. defense official said . None of them were Americans , though efforts continue to evacuate freed Americans . Three workers for a Japanese engineering company that was working on the site have been contacted and are safe , said Takeshi Endo , a senior manager for JGC Corp. . But the company had not been able to contact 14 others , he said . France 's foreign ministry said that , in addition to one death , three of its citizens were rescued . Japan ` terribly disappointed ' in Algerian military operation Algeria faces tough questions from governments of the kidnapped nationals over its handling of the crisis . Neither the United States nor Britain , for instance , was told in advance about Algeria 's military operation Thursday . Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said his nation 's officials had urged Algeria 's government to avoid exposing hostages to danger . "  We are terribly disappointed about the Algerians ' military operation , " Suga said . Japanese Vice Minister Shunichi Suzuki summoned Algeria 's ambassador Friday to express Tokyo 's concern . U.S. officials made a similar plea to the Algerians , urging them to be cautious and make the hostages ' safety their priority , an official in President Barack Obama 's administration said . A senior U.S. official said American officials did not trust information they got from the Algerians , "  because we hear one thing and then we hear something else . " But Algeria acted out of a sense of urgency after noticing hostages being moved toward "  a neighboring country , " where kidnappers could use them "  as a means of blackmail with criminal intent , " Communications Minister Mohamed Said told state television . Algerian troops fired on at least two SUVs trying to leave the facility , Algerian radio said . And a reporter saw clashes near the site , according to the Algerian Press Service and radio reports . "  There were a number of dead and injured , we do n't have a final figure , " the communications minister said of casualties after the operation . Belmoktar , the man behind the group claiming responsibility for the attack and kidnappings , is known for seizing hostages . French counterterrorism forces have long targeted Belmoktar , an Algerian who lost an eye fighting in Afghanistan in his teens . Libyan sources said he spent several months in Libya in 2011 , exploring cooperation with local jihadist groups and securing weapons . The militants said they carried out the operation because Algeria allowed French forces to use its airspace in attacking Islamist militants in Mali . Media in the region reported the attackers issued a statement demanding an end to "  brutal aggression on our people in Mali " and cited "  blatant intervention of the French crusader forces in Mali . " Latest on the Mali situation French Prime Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault said the Algerian hostage situation "  confirms the gravity of the terrorist threat and the necessity to fight it with a determined and united front . " That sentiment was echoed by Clinton , the top U.S. diplomat . She stressed the need for a concerted , international effort to address terrorist and other threats around Africa . "  It is absolutely essential that , while we work to resolve this particular terrible situation , we continue to broaden and deepen our counterterrorism cooperation , " she said Friday . "  It is not only cooperation with Algeria , it is international cooperation against a common threat . " CNN 's Barbara Starr , Laura Smith-Spark , Mike Mount , Joe Sutton , Elwyn Lopez , Frederik Pleitgen , Dan Rivers , Mitra Mobasherat , Saskya Vandoorne , Laura Perez Maestro , Junko Ogura , Dheepthi Namasivayam , Saad Abedine , Elise Labott and Tim Lister contributed to this report , as did journalists Peter Taggart from Belfast and Said Ben Ali from Algiers .	NEW : 6 Americans are freed or escaped , State Department says Algeria says 12 hostages were killed in the wake of a military operation Terrorists are "  entrenched " in a gas refinery with captives , APS says The U.S. rejects a reported prisoner exchange offer voiced by a jihadist spokesman
CNN  -- Trying to answer the question "  Who am I ? " is a tricky undertaking . I tend to despise labels , but it 's probably helpful to have some idea of who you perceive yourself to be and how others perceive you . It seems logical that you can examine this question from many angles : where you fit in statistically , physically , economically , spiritually , geographically , educationally and in so many other ways . When I was a boy , my Cal Tech-educated father , an engineer and lawyer , used to tell me I was made up of nine dollars and 73 cents worth of chemicals and minerals . I 'm fairly certain he was joking , but I think he was also trying to get me to consider the duality of humans , as both significant and insignificant . He certainly caused me to ponder who and what I am . I grew up in many regions of the United States , and I 'm a member of that particular "  baby boomer " generation that came of age in the 1960s , so many things define me . I 'm still guilty of believing that "  Love is all you need , " although I usually keep that to myself . Without pretending to be all-encompassing , a few things pop to the front of my mind when I consider who I am . I 'm a human being , a presumably sentient being , living in the 21st century . I 'm one of the fortunate who lives in the United States with good health and health care , a great job , a close family , good friends and , thanks to my wife , a beautiful home . As a citizen of this country , I 'm also a taxpayer , a consumer of many things and , I hope , someone who gives back something and is n't too voracious in his consumption . I love my job acting on a TV show , and I value the people I work with . I 'm an imperfect but fairly responsive husband , father , brother , cousin , nephew , friend , co-worker and acquaintance . I 'm also a survivor and a person with a disability . I became disabled in 1978 when I lost both legs in a freeway accident . An 18-wheeler truck hit me , and my car 's gas tank blew up , leaving me burned over 60 percent of my body . I spent several months in a hospital and learned to walk on two prosthetic limbs . I 've gone on to success in my career in radio and as an actor and musician . I used to hate the word "  disability , " but I 've come to embrace the fact that I 'm one of more than 58 million Americans with some kind of physical or learning disability . As anyone who 's been there will attest , it 's difficult at first to be "  different , " whatever that means to you . Discrimination is usually directed at people who are seen as the "  other . " I 've experienced that in my life , but not to an overwhelming degree . Working my way through my career and my life has been challenging but interesting . The obstacles I 've faced have helped to shape me and make me who I am today . Along with my parents and teachers , my experience with disability has been a great learning tool . It 's helped me to begin to answer the question "  Who am I ? " So , at the risk of sounding self-absorbed , I 'm Robert David Hall , Caucasian male , early 60s , pretty strong for my age , of Irish-Welsh-Scots heritage , proud of my grandfather , Robert A. Hall , Naval Academy , class of 1912 ; my father , Robert F. Hall , very smart man and decorated WWII naval officer ; my mother , Mary Martha Davies , mother of five who encouraged me in the arts and died at 47 ; and almost all my relatives . I 'm college educated  UCLA  , a decent guitar player and songwriter , a pretty fair actor , an AK/BK double leg amputee and a guy who values his friends . I hope to use my remaining days being creative with acting and music , traveling and helping to create more opportunities for people with disabilities . All that aside , my greatest joy in life -- my "  who I am " constant -- is being the father of Andrew and the husband of Judy .	Robert David Hall hates to admit it , but he still believes that "  Love is all you need " Hall says he 's a husband , father , brother , cousin , nephew , friend , co-worker He says his disability , walking on prosthetic limbs , helped him find himself His greatest joy is being the father of Andrew and husband of Judy
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The United States will provide $ 73 million in aid to Zimbabwe , President Obama announced Friday after meeting with Zimbabwe Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai at the White House . President Obama  right  praised Zimbabwe Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai at the White House on Friday . "  I obviously have extraordinary admiration for the courage and tenacity that the prime minister has shown in navigating through some very difficult political times in Zimbabwe , " Obama said . "  There was a time when Zimbabwe was the breadbasket of Africa , and -LSB- it -RSB- continues to have enormous potential . It has gone through a very dark and difficult time politically . " Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe "  has not acted oftentimes in the best interest of the Zimbabwean people and has been resistant to the democratic changes that need to take place , " Obama said . "  We now have a power-sharing agreement that shows promise , and we want to do everything we can to encourage the kinds of improvement not only on human rights and rule of law , freedom of the press and democracy that is so necessary , but also on the economic front . " The U.S. aid will not be going to the government directly "  because we continue to be concerned about consolidating democracy , human rights and rule of law , " Obama said . "  But it will be going directly to the people in Zimbabwe . " In a CNN interview following his meeting with Obama , Tsvangirai said he is grateful for the generosity . "  Whether it is humanitarian aid or transitional support , it adds up to the relief that Zimbabwe is seeking , " he said . Watch Tsvangirai discuss importance of aid to Zimbabwe " Tsvangirai said he told Obama he would like the United States to use its global influence to assist Zimbabwe in dealing with the challenges it faces . Tsvangirai said he understood other nations ' reluctance to support the Zimbabwean government , given Mugabe 's controversial history . "  I think it 's fair , " he said . "  I understand it , given our history , and I 'm not going to defend President Mugabe . " But , he noted , the two have agreed to work together and help Zimbabwe progress as a nation . In remarks with Obama , Tsvangirai said progress has been made by the transitional government , but much remains to be done . "  It is the problems of implementation , " he said . " ... even by the standard of our own benchmarks , there are gaps that still exist . " He said he would continue to strive to meet those benchmarks , not for the international community , but because "  it gives -LSB- the -RSB- people of Zimbabwe freedom and opportunity to grow . " The power-sharing arrangement between Tsvangirai , the leader of the opposition Movement for Democratic Change , and Mugabe came after contested elections last year . "  Of course we can not brush away that history , that sad history , " Tsvangirai told CNN . But he said he is hoping the country will heal and move forward , and wants even those skeptical of Mugabe to appreciate the transition process . Asked whether he believes Mugabe should retire , Tsvangirai said "  at the age of 85 , I think one needs to retire . " But , he said , for his own legacy , it 's important for him to be thinking about a "  dignified exit . " "  I think that -LSB- the power-sharing government -RSB- provides him with this opportunity , " Tsvangirai said . Asked about his relationship with Mugabe , he said , "  We do n't have to fall in love to work together . But we have accepted that we have made an agreement to have a workable relationship between the two political parties . " He said there had been acrimony between the two , but they realized it was not helping the Zimbabwean people . "  We are inspired by people like Nelson Mandela , who had to go for 27 years in jail but still come out and say , ` Let 's forget about the past ' ... " he said . He and Mugabe have chosen the process of dialogue rather than violence , Tsvangirai said . "  Let history judge whether this historic experiment was the right course of action . " CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .	President Obama praises Zimbabwe PM Tsvangirai , offers $ 73 million in aid Tsvangirai in power-sharing agreement with Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe Tsvangirai on Mugabe relationship : "  We do n't have to fall in love to work together "
CNN  -- The suspected link between Chinese drywall and toxic effects reported by thousands of U.S. homeowners was strengthened Monday by three preliminary reports issued by the federal government . The strongest link came from an analysis of air sampled inside dozens of homes containing drywall made in China . "  While the study of 51 homes detected hydrogen sulfide and formaldehyde ... at concentrations below irritant levels , it is possible that the additive or synergistic effects of these and other compounds in the subject homes could cause irritant effects , " the Consumer Product Safety Commission said in its executive summary of the study . Two other preliminary studies found copper sulfide corrosion in metal components taken from homes containing the Chinese drywall . The drywall in question was imported from 2005 through 2007 , when a housing boom and two active hurricane seasons created a shortage of building materials in the southern United States . Since then , the product safety agency has received nearly 2,100 reports from 32 states -- but mostly from Florida , Louisiana and Virginia -- of homeowners complaining of a rotten-egg smell , sickness , failed appliances , and corroded wires and pipes . Many have moved out of their homes . In some cases , insurers have refused to reimburse them . The air study tested 41 houses containing Chinese drywall and compared those findings with air from inside 10 homes in the same geographical areas whose homeowners had not complained , said Jack McCarthy , president of Environmental Health & Engineering Inc. , which carried out the work . The investigators also examined materials such as copper pipes and wiring for corrosion , and looked at indoor air humidity , temperature and air exchange , he said . Copper and silver strips were left in the homes for two weeks and then examined for corrosion , he said . The result : in the 41 homes containing the problem drywall , there was a "  strong association " between the high levels of hydrogen sulfide and the corrosion of the metals , he said . "  Temperature , humidity and air-exchange rates also appear to be contributing factors , " McCarthy told reporters on a conference call , noting that higher moisture and temperature levels and lower air-exchange rates were connected with more corrosion . Formaldehyde , also a potential source of irritation , was found in both complaint and noncomplaint homes , he said . Though McCarthy cautioned that the study was not intended to examine health effects , "  we can say that the levels of the pollutants we found , particularly the hydrogen sulfide and formaldehyde , could possibly contribute to some of the health problems that have been reported to the CPSC . " McCarthy also said that not all Chinese drywall may be alike . Its risk "  depends on what it is made of , not necessarily what country it 's from , " he said . The next step is to determine how to identify homes with the corrosive materials and how to fix them , said Scott Wolfson , the product safety agency 's director of information and public affairs , who noted that the investigation is the largest in the agency 's history . He said none of the tainted drywall entered the United States this year . Hundreds of thousands of suspect boards have been stockpiled in warehouses ; their owners have been told it will not be sold , he added . Several weeks ago , agency representatives traveled to China , where they visited mines , factories and government officials to determine the scope of the problem , which is still not clear , Wolfson said . "  The CPSC is working hard to determine how many homes in how many states are affected , " he said , adding that the data do not support the widely reported figure of 100,000 homes . Wolfson said the Chinese helped investigate . "  They 're committed to helping us with the technical side of this investigation , " he said . Though the study raises suspicions that the drywall is responsible for the health effects reported by some families , Wolfson said a causal association has not been proved . "  The work continues , " he said . "  The work toward an exact nexus between drywall and effects is still ongoing . " Wolfson called on the news media to help alert homeowners in affected houses to report the problem . Some may be hesitant to report because they are afraid their insurers will drop their coverage , he said , but he pointed out that the reports can be made confidentially . "  We will make sure that you are not harmed in any way by reporting to the government , " he said . Monday 's report did not surprise Sen. Bill Nelson , D-Florida , who said the product safety commission 's chairwoman , Inez Tenenbaum , told him Monday she did not know when further testing would be completed . "  I am very disappointed with the whole process , and especially that the CDC -LSB- Centers for Disease Control and Prevention -RSB- and EPA -LSB- Environmental Protection Agency -RSB- ca n't say whether drywall is harmful to people 's health , " he told CNN . "  Common sense says otherwise , but we still lack definitive answers . " Joan Glickman , who moved out of her townhouse in Pompano Beach , Florida , after her wiring and air conditioning failed , said Monday 's report told her nothing new . "  It was a huge letdown because it still did n't tell me how to fix it , who 's going to fix it , how do we go about fixing it , where the money comes from , " said Glickman , who moved in with her mother . "  This has left us in such a mess . " CNN 's Rich Phillips contributed to this story from Miami , Florida .	Air samples from 41 homes containing drywall made in China are analyzed "  Strong association " found between high hydrogen sulfide levels , corrosion in the homes Nearly 2,100 reports detail smell , sickness , failed appliances , corrosion in homes Drywall in question was imported during U.S. housing boom , from 2005 through 2007
Hiking ! Zip-lining ! Rock climbing ! About 30,000 Boy Scouts and 7,000 adults are out in the mountains of southern West Virginia for the National Scouts Jamboree -- and they all had to meet a body mass index cut-off . The Boy Scouts of America mandated that no one -- adult or child -- with a BMI of 40 or above could be accepted into the Jamboree , which is taking place July 15-24 . This standard is not new ; it was in place for the last jamboree as well , said Deron Smith , director of public relations for Boy Scouts of America . "  This policy is not meant to keep anyone out at all , and it 's just to make sure that they 're safe , " Smith said . "  We offer thousands of summer camp experiences  that  do not have this requirement . " The Boy Scouts ' healthy living initiative has inspired children and adults alike to lose weight , Smith said . The association is encouraging people to live a healthy lifestyle . But that 's not how some see it . The National Association to Advance Fat Acceptance , a nonprofit organization , has come out against the Boy Scouts ' BMI policy , saying that the organization "  believes that this decision promotes bias and negative attitudes and furthers the discrimination against boys of larger body size . " The organization publicly demanded in a statement that the Boy Scouts "  reconsider their discriminatory practices and admit camp attendees NOT based on their physical fitness , NOT based on their body size , but based on their active status as a boy scout . " Most who could not meet the BMI requirement chose not to apply , Smith said . The organization does not know the number of children impacted . The Boy Scouts have not received any reactions from parents on the BMI issue , he said . For prospective participants who have a slightly lower BMI than 40 , but are still obese , there are also special requirements for the jamboree , according to the Boy Scouts ' website . The jamboree 's medical staff needs a health history , health data and a recommendation from a personal health care provider for children with a BMI between 32 and 39.9 , which the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention considers to be in the "  obese " range . How to fix health problems with exercise Even if the personal health care provider says there are n't any contraindications for participating , that does n't necessarily mean a person in this BMI range will be able to participate in the whole program , the Boy Scouts ' website says . People with a BMI of 31.9 or less need a medical recommendation , too , but do n't receive the additional health scrutiny . Dr. Jennifer Shu , a pediatrician in Atlanta and CNN 's Living Well expert , said she found the restrictions on children with a BMI of over 40 to be somewhat discriminatory . "  Any organization can make their own rules , but as a pediatrician I feel like we should be promoting physical activity for everybody , be as inclusive as possible , and only exclude from activity if there 's a physical threat to their health , " she said . On the other hand , she noted that in some summer programs there are physical activities involving equipment that has a weight or size limit for safety reasons . That should be a restrictive factor for those particular activities , she said , because of the danger to a participant who does n't meet the requirements . BMI is not a perfect indicator of health and fitness ; a BMI of 40 means that the person 's weight is much higher than average for his or her height . Muscle can elevate BMI , so some fit people have higher BMIs than normal . Physicians group labels obesity a disease A BMI as high as 40 is unlikely to be mostly muscle , Shu said , but if there are health issues preventing that person from participating , she believes a doctor should determine that , rather than an organization making a blanket requirement . Shu does n't look at BMI alone when filling out medical forms for children to participate in summer programs . In addition to evaluating the kids ' health , she asks children how they perceive their own abilities in specific activities , such as rock climbing , and does n't give permission for anything with which the child does n't feel comfortable . The focus of the jamboree is not on the health requirements , Smith said . "  Our motto is : Be prepared , " Smith said . "  We 're the Boy Scouts . We 've been preparing our participants for years for this . " Shu offered a different perspective : "  In general , we 'd like to encourage physical activity for everybody . " In her view , that 's something the Scouts are not honoring . Read more : Opinion : Why bias puts young gays ' health at risk	No one with a BMI of 40 and above can participate in jamboree Boy Scouts have thousands of other summer camp experiences Most who could not meet the BMI requirement chose not to apply Nonprofit wants the Boy Scouts to reconsider BMI policy
CNN  -- Disturbing and graphic images have emerged on Facebook that appear to show a Filipino maid with burns all over her back , arms and legs after her Saudi boss 's mother allegedly poured boiling water on her . The 23-year-old woman , Pahima Alagai Palacasi , was at the home of her employer 's mother on May 4 when "  her sponsor 's mother poured boiled water over Palacasi due to a simple misunderstanding , " according to a Philippines Labor Ministry statement posted Tuesday . While at hospital , Palacasi was able to reach a relative who lives in Riyadh who helped her sneak out of hospital . The cousin then posted graphic photos of Palacasi 's wounds on Facebook , showing bright pink and white scalded skin all over her back , the backs of her arms , and parts of her leg , according to the ministry statement . The Philippines government said it would help Palacasi file a case against her employer and has suspended the work of the Saudi recruitment agency that hired her . The English-language Saudi daily Arab News reported Wednesday that Riyadh police were conducting a joint investigation of the case . Palacasi alleges that her employer began physically abusing her within days of her arrival , kicking and lashing her after she complained of being homesick . She also claimed her employers deprived her of food . " -LSB- My employer 's mother -RSB- asked me to throw away all the leftover food but I did n't do it so that when I got hungry I could have something to eat , " Palacasi said in a cellphone video reportedly taken by her cousin and released to ABS-CBN , a CNN affiliate in the Philippines . CNN can not independently verify the authenticity of the video . "  Please help me , " Palacasi says in the video . "  Help me file a case against my employer . I suffered a lot . " Palacsi is currently at an embassy shelter in Riyadh . "  She is stable , in high spirits , and is relating well with fellow -LSB- Filipino workers -RSB- " according to the government statement . CNN has been unable to reach Palacasi or her cousin . Saudi authorities told CNN they were unaware of details of the case , but would look into the matter . Saudi Arabia pledges to protect foreign workers , as Indonesian maids face execution Saudi minister responds to damning human rights report	Graphic photos emerged on Facebook showing a Filipino maid with burns The maid claims her Saudi boss 's mother poured boiling water on her She says it was down to a simple misunderstanding The photos sparked outrage on social media
CNN  -- A former star college quarterback was found dead in northern Michigan on Tuesday night , two days after he went missing while on a fishing excursion , his former university said . Grand Valley State University tweeted around 9:15 p.m.  10:15 p.m. ET  Tuesday that the body of Cullen Finnerty had been found near Baldwin , Michigan . This came after an intensive search by police , firefighters and ex-teammates on Tuesday . "  The Grand Valley community is saddened to learn of the death of former Laker quarterback Cullen Finnerty , " the school said . Finnerty , who spent time with the NFL 's Baltimore Ravens , set off Sunday to fish in Lake County -- which is between Traverse City and Grand Rapids -- but had n't been heard from since , Sheriff Robert Hilts said Tuesday . A flier posted on MissingCases.com / Facebook indicated Finnerty was last heard from Sunday evening . The family of the ex-football standout has a cabin close to a campground near where he disappeared . The only solid lead on Finnerty 's whereabouts had been the discovery of a small pontoon boat he had been using in Bray Creek , near the Baldwin River , Hilts said . Video from CNN affiliate WTOM showed the boat perched on the waterway 's rocky shore . No foul play was suspected in the 30-year-old 's disappearance , the sheriff said before Finnerty 's body was found . Searchers -- including members of the Lake County Sheriff 's Office , area fire departments and state police -- worked with Finnerty 's family to coordinate resources . They were joined by alumni including former football players , current students and staff at Grand Valley State University , where Finnerty starred in football between 2003 and 2006 . The school is just west of Grand Rapids . Head football coach Matt Mitchell said Lakers players also joined the hunt on Tuesday . "  He 's a big character kid and had a lot of friendships , " Mitchell said in a video posted on Grand Valley State 's website . "  I think that 's the only reason why so many people are coming to his aid . " The Brighton , Michigan , native played four seasons at Grand Valley State , which traditionally has one of the premier programs in Division II college football . Finnerty compiled a 36-4 record in his time at the school , winning national championships in three seasons .  His first coach there was Brian Kelly , who now coaches at Notre Dame . According to a news release after the Lakers ' 17-14 championship win , he ended his collegiate career having won 28 straight games and having been ranked No. 1 in 23 consecutive polls of Division II football . D2football.com , a website focused on Division II football , named Finnerty its player of the decade for the 2000s . After his graduation , he joined the Ravens . Finnerty never got into a regular season game , though -- as the Baltimore Sun reported -- he was called up from the practice squad and put on the Ravens ' active roster in December 2007 . The Denver Post reported Finnerty was briefly with the Denver Broncos the next year . Finnerty was married with two young children , Grand Valley State assistant football coach Jim Schaak , who was among those taking part in Tuesday 's search , told WTOM .	NEW : Cullen Finnerty 's body has been found , his alma mater tweets He went fishing Sunday in northern Michigan , had n't been seen since A website named the Grand Valley State star Division II 's best player in the 2000s Finnerty was with the NFL 's Baltimore Ravens for a year , though he never got in a game
To celebrate our 20th year of publication , Cooking Light wanted to know what places best fit our philosophy to eat smart , be fit , and live well . Using statistics from such organizations as the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , the U.S. Department of Agriculture , and the Zagat Survey , we ranked major metropolitan areas on 15 criteria . The result , we think , is a ranking of U.S. cities that best provide the resources people need to live healthful lives . Seattle appears to be a place where healthful living comes easily and naturally , Cooking Light says . "  Each city reflects the full spectrum of living well in its own unique way -- innovative restaurants and markets with nutritious local foods , abundant spaces for walking and other exercise , and a population that takes advantage of both , " says senior editor Phillip Rhodes , who headed up the project . "  It 's great to know that so many people all over the country have the tools they need to eat smart , be fit , and live well , " Rhodes says . Click on each city link below to learn why the city made our list and find details about the healthiest restaurants , freshest markets , and liveliest activities in the area . 1 . Seattle , Washington An abundance of fresh local foods , walker-friendly streets , and inclusive attitudes helps make Seattle America 's best city for healthy living . 2 . Portland , Oregon Life is good in our second-ranked city , thanks to its seemingly endless supply of outdoor activities , cutting-edge restaurants , and vibrant environmental consciousness . Watch more on Cooking Light 's Top 20 " 3 . Washington , D.C. . Our capital city sets an accommodating agenda with farm-fresh dining , diverse cultures , and ample opportunity for exploration on foot . 4 . Minneapolis , Minnesota In our fourth-ranked best city , lush parks and shimmering lakes provide a natural backdrop to a rich cultural landscape . 5 . San Francisco , California Our fifth-ranked city steps up with one of the world 's most unforgettable settings -- along with great cuisine and an energetic spirit . 6 . Boston , Massachusetts Strolling historic parks and swanning around the water are but two of the pastimes that make summer prime time to enjoy our sixth-ranked city . 7 . Denver , Colorado The Mile-High City ranked seventh on our list for an outdoorsy Western lifestyle that makes living well accessible and irresistible . 8 . Milwaukee , Wisconsin Our eighth-ranked city proves a worthy destination for food lovers , adventure seekers , and culture aficionados alike . 9 . Philadelphia , Pennsylvania In America 's fifth-largest city , the historic past provides a backdrop for a present that 's healthful and happening . 10 . Tucson , Arizona Tucson offers a taste of the authentic Southwest in a desert setting that 's ideal for a warm winter getaway . 11 . Baltimore , Maryland Baltimore , it turns out , has lots of people who eat five or more servings of fruits and veggies a day -- 27 percent . 12 . Colorado Springs , Colorado Graced with bountiful trail systems , no wonder 91 percent of the city 's population claims to be in good health . 13 . Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania Skies , once dark with factory smoke , open above crystal-towered downtown Pittsburgh , bound on three sides by the rivers Monongahela , Allegheny , and Ohio . 14 . St. Louis , Missouri A love for local produce and healthful activities keeps this urban center well fed and on the move . 15 . New York , New York New Yorkers walk far more than most Americans , and they do it quickly . But they slow down for green markets -- 25 in Manhattan alone . 16 . Atlanta , Georgia Approximately 55,000 people gather on the Fourth of July at the Peachtree Road Race , the largest 10k in the world . 17 . Austin , Texas You ca n't swing a yoga mat in Austin without hitting a cool place to exercise -- whether it 's inside a gym or outdoors in a natural , spring-fed pool . 18 . Chicago , Illinois The city 's environmentally friendly mentality is one of the reasons why it is home to the 2007 Cooking Light FitHouse . 19 . Las Vegas , Nevada In our list , the city ranks third in restaurants rated "  extraordinary to perfection " and third in nominations for James Beard awards . 20 . Kansas City , Missouri A recent study revealed Kansas City has the purest water of any major city in the country . E-mail to a friend Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright 2008 Cooking Light magazine . All rights reserved .	Cooking Light magazine marks 20th anniversary by naming top 20 U.S. cities 15 criteria were grouped into categories -- eat smart , be fit , live well Seattle tops list with lots of fresh local foods , pedestrian-friendly streets
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Love it or hate it , the Hummer came to symbolize American might over the years -- tires the size of Texas , a chrome grill that looked primed to eat up wimpy cars in its path , and its drivers with egos to match their mammoth-mobiles . But the iconic vehicle -- a symbol for macho men like Arnold Schwarzenegger and ridiculed worldwide by environmentalists -- is headed toward the auto graveyard . General Motors last week announced the likely end of the Hummer after a deal with a Chinese automaker fell through . The news thrilled many who have protested the guzzler for years : Good riddance ! But for Hummer owners , the reaction remains mixed . Most mourn the impending death of their beloved behemoths but celebrate the fact that the Hummer wo n't be outsourced to China : Whose harebrained idea was that anyway ?! Ai n't no Hummer meant to be made in China ! Owners are hoping for a last-minute buyer to emerge before the Hummer joins the maligned Pinto in the scrapyard . GM has said it is trying to salvage the Hummer , setting May 1 as a deadline for other possible deals to be made . A single sticky note , left on Russ Builta 's 2005 Hummer , sums up the emotion stirred by the super-sized SUVs . "  You are polluting our air and abusing our national resources , " the unsigned note said . "  And all because of greed and selfishness . You should be very ashamed of yourself . " Builta , who served in the Marine Corps , still gets mad : "  It was not even on recycled paper ! " Builta installed a supercharger that gave his Hummer a whopping 600 horsepower . When he really mashed the pedal , it got 1 mile per gallon . "  It would just move , " he told CNN iReport . Check out Builta 's mega-ride After the HMMWV rolled off the AM General assembly line in Indiana on January 2 , 1985 , it represented a new breed of American military might and toughness . In 1992 , production of the civilian Hummer began , instantly creating a fraternity among owners of the SUV-on-growth hormone . They exchange photos of their trucks , chat over the Internet and plan for their next muddin ' sessions . They laugh at tree huggers who give them the finger as they cruise down the road . "  I hate to see it die , " says iReporter Michael Tawdy of Tennessee , who owns a 2006 H3 . "  You can go anywhere you want . " Hummer : What might have been The Hummer even shares its name with a sexual term . How many cars can stake that claim ? And the vehicle became fodder for late-night comedians and Internet jokes . "  You might be driving a Hummer , " says one joke on a Web site devoted to the vehicle , "  if you ca n't reach far enough to slap the person sitting in the passenger seat . " The grass-roots social justice group CodePink created an anti-Hummer campaign during the height of the Bush administration , including a Top Ten Reasons Not To Buy A Hummer . At the top of the list : "  The Gas Mileage Alone Will Kill You . " Billy Paniaha of North Carolina gets speechless when talking about his chrome-and-gray-mobile . "  I love my Hummer , " he told iReport . In one photo , he 's leaning against his mud-caked Hummer , which looks like it just wallowed in a pigpen . "  Trust me , these tree huggers in their Priuses . ... If a Prius hits me , I wo n't get hurt . They will . " Paniaha hot-dogs in mud Raymond Winbush is n't your ordinary Hummer owner . A lover of his giant SUV , he also owns -- are you ready for this ? -- a Toyota Prius . "  People think I 'm kidding when I say I have both cars , but I do , " said Winbush , an author and the director of the Institute for Urban Research at Morgan State University . "  If you combine my carbon footprint ... I do n't feel real guilty about it . " A resident of Baltimore , Maryland , he uses the Hummer to get through the East Coast 's brutal winters . During last month 's storm , which left the region under a couple of feet of snow , he helped get doctors and nurses to and from a hospital , thanks to his Hummer . When winter ends , his machismo-meter goes down . He grabs his man purse and hops into his Prius . "  My son calls it the nerd-mobile , " he said . "  I 've had more people razz me about the Prius than I have the Hummer . " "  It 's my yin and yang . I think they balance each other out . " Winbush : Why I own a Hummer and Prius Candi Angotti of Texas is just the opposite . She would n't be caught dead in a Prius . The president of the Texas chapter of Club Hummer Offroad , she 's been driving her solar-flare metallic orange Hummer for three years . "  I use it what it was built for -- off-roading and adventures -- and it has never let me down , " she said . "  I have met a great group of guys and girls , and we 're like a big family . " See Texas woman catch air in Hummer The owners now have one more thing in common : They 're sporting a likely collector 's item . But Builta 's the exception . He got rid of his Hummer . And he still misses it . CNN 's Christina Zdanowicz contributed to this report .	Hummer came to define machismo in America "  You should be very ashamed of yourself , " sticky note left on Hummer said Hummer owners rally behind their beloved behemoths
CNN  -- He had the firm backing of world No. 1 Rory McIlroy as well as Europe 's Ryder Cup talisman Ian Poulter , and on Tuesday night it was made official -- Paul McGinley will captain the continent against the United States in 2014 . Despite a late bid from successful 2010 captain Colin Montgomerie , who was keen to do the job on home soil in Scotland , player power won out as the Irishman was confirmed at a press conference in Abu Dhabi . The 46-year-old played in three winning Ryder Cup teams and holed the clinching putt for Europe during the 2002 clash at The Belfry , in England . McGinley was trumpeted for the role by McIlroy several times on Monday , and also by English duo Poulter -- one of Europe 's heroes who inspired their dramatic comeback in Chicago last year -- and former world No. 1 Luke Donald . McIlroy said Montgomerie -- an eight-time European Order of Merit winner -- had "  nothing to gain " by reprising his role and McGinley told reporters he was proud to be the first ever Irish Ryder Cup captain . He said : "  I 'm obviously absolutely thrilled and delighted to lead the team with the strongest , in-depth European Tour in history ; to be leading the cream of the crop is a huge honor . "  I knew I had the strong backing of the players . I thought the more I would say the more my chances would lessen . I watched with interest in the last few weeks as my chances went up and down like a yo-yo . "  To be honest it is quite a humbling experience to be sitting in this seat . It 's a week I 'm really looking forward to . I 've been there many times as a player and as a vice captain but I 'm looking forward to being a captain . " Europe has won five of the last six installments of the biannual team competition , including a stunning comeback victory at the last meeting in Chicago last year , when McGinley was vice captain to Jose Maria Olazabal . Despite taking a big 10-6 lead into the final day singles matches , the U.S were stunned by a European comeback as the visitors won 14Â 1/2 to 13Â 1/2 in what has become known as ` the Miracle of Medinah . ' McIlroy was one of the European stars , alongside Poulter , and McGinley said the backing he got from the world 's best player was a big factor in him getting the job . "  Its humbling when the new star of world golf comes out in your favor , " he said . "  That means a lot to me . "  There 's a couple of good things that have happened for me in terms of getting this role . One of those is Rory and Graeme McDowell  2010 U.S. Open champion  played in the 2009 Seve Trophy , which was my first captaincy . "  I had the opportunity of captaining him , and Rory and Graeme were huge for me that week . I was fortunate I had that situation where Rory played underneath me and that 's why he spoke with such authority on the subject . " After their painful defeat in Chicago the U.S. turned to one of the game 's greatest ever players , Tom Watson , who was the last man to captain a winning United States team on European soil back in 1993 . McGinley said he was honored to be squaring up against the eight-time major winner . He added : "  I 'm relishing the thought of taking on one of my great heroes in Tom Watson . Not only is he a wonderful person , he 's a great ambassador for the game of golf and has been for a long time . It 's going to be a real thrill for me . " Players ' Committee chairman Thomas Bjorn said they had listened to the voices of their members and that it became very clear early on in the meeting that McGinley was their preferred choice . European Tour chief exec George O'Grady added : "  It 's a wonderful achievement for Paul . It was a unanimous decision of the players ' committee and was testimony to the democracy of the process . "	Paul McGinley named European Ryder Cup captain for 2014 clash in Scotland Players had backed Irishman instead of 2010 captain Colin Montgomerie Rory McIlroy , Ian Poulter and Luke Donald all threw weight behind McGinley McGinley was vice captain to Jose Maria Olazabal during Europe 's win in 2012
CAMP VICTORY , Iraq -- Stephen Colbert left no doubt about his solidarity with American troops when he taped the first of four Comedy Central shows he 'll produce in Iraq this week . Stephen Colbert high-fives a serviceman after submitting to a military-style haircut in Iraq on Sunday . Colbert , wearing a business suit made of the same camouflaged material used for soldiers ' desert uniforms , submitted to a regulation military haircut as hundreds of U.S. troops cheered wildly Sunday . The comedian , who satirizes conservative TV pundits on his "  Colbert Report , " began his "  Operation Iraqi Stephen : Going Commando " USO tour Sunday in the Baghdad headquarters of the U.S.-led military coalition in Iraq . "  It must be nice in Iraq , because some of you keep coming back again and again , " Colbert said , joking about the multiple tours many troops have had in Iraq since the 2003 invasion . Some troops had accumulated enough frequent flyer miles to earn them a free ticket to Afghanistan , he joked . Colbert told his guest , Gen. Ray Odierno , he felt "  a little intimidated " by him , not because he was he top U.S. commander in Iraq , but because it felt like he was "  interviewing Shrek . " Odierno is an imposing bald figure at 6-feet , 5-inches tall . Odierno said the military is "  not yet ready to declare victory " in Iraq and that there was a little more work to be done for long-term stability . "  I , Stephen Colbert , by the power invested in me by basic cable , officially declare we won the Iraq war , " Colbert said , as his audience broke out into applause . The interview was interrupted when President Obama appeared on large television screens . The commander-in-chief told his general it was time to "  cut that man 's hair . " With white electric hair clippers in his hand , Odierno stood up and began shaving Colbert 's trademark thick dark hair . The troops stood and cheered as a female member of Colbert 's staff finished the job . After the haircut , Colbert ran through the audience , high-fiving the troops as he showed off his new military look . One Army major said that "  shaving of the hair is an amazing show of support " that was "  very touching . " Former Republican presidential nominee Sen. John McCain also made a pre-taped appearance on the show , jokingly reminding the troops to "  take time to clean your muskets . " Lt. Col. Debra Shoemaker , a native of Colbert 's hometown of Charleston , South Carolina , said the show was a "  nice break " from the monotony of service in Iraq . USO Senior Vice President John Hanson said the shows are an important diversion for the troops . Colbert 's USO tour is unusual because it 's the first time a show taped in a combat zone has been edited and aired so quickly . The Sunday show will be televised on the Comedy Central network Monday night .	Stephen Colbert tapes first of four shows he 'll produce in Iraq this week Comedian tells guest , the imposing Gen. Ray Odierno , it 's like "  interviewing Shrek " At President Obama 's taped orders , Odierno cuts Colbert 's hair to wild cheering Sunday show to be televised on the Comedy Central network Monday night
CNN  -- Valentino Rossi will have to do it the hard way if he is to mark his 300th MotoGP with victory in front of his adoring home fans at Mugello . Rossi could only manage 10th fastest on his Yamaha in final qualifying , way off the pace set by the reigning world champion Marc Marquez of Spain Saturday . A lap of one minute 47.270 seconds lap gave Marquez his sixth straight pole of the 2014 campaign as he bids for his sixth successive victory for the all-conquering Repsol Honda works team . But for the 35-year-old MotoGP legend Rossi there was bitter disappointment after a mistake in tire choice left him uncompetitive . "  It was the wrong decision , I felt really bad with the softer front and I was unable to improve my lap time . "  It 's a great shame , because I had a good potential and could have started on the front , my pace is good with the bike , but it 's like this . Tomorrow from the fourth row everything will be harder and more difficult , " added the Italian . Nine-time world champion Rossi has returned to form this season and chased Marquez home in the latest round in Le Mans in France , but the whole field has struggled to match the defending title holder this season . Home rider Andrea Iannone came within 0.18 seconds of snatching pole from Marquez , with Spain 's two-time world champion Jorge Lorenzo on a Yamaha third fastest . Marquez 's teammate Dani Pedrosa -- the lap record holder at Mugello -- was fourth best ahead of another Spaniard , Pol Espargaro of ~ Yamaha . The two Ducati 's of Cal Crutchlow of Great Britain and Italian Andrea Dovizioso were sixth and eighth with another Briton , Bradley Smith , in seventh . But all eyes at the circuit in Tuscany will be on the remarkable Rossi to see if he can turn a series of second places to Marquez this season into his first victory to mark his milestone .	Marc Marquez takes pole for Italian MotoGP Six straight poles for dominant world champion Valentino Rossi back in 10th on home circuit at Miugello Rossi in his 300th MotoGP race
CNN  -- Four of O.J. Simpson 's accomplices in the 2007 robbery at a Las Vegas hotel were given suspended sentences Tuesday by Nevada District Judge Jackie Glass . District Court Judge Jackie Glass sentenced four O.J. Simpson codefendants to probation on Tuesday . The four -- Charles Cashmore , Charles Erlich , Michael McClinton and Walter Alexander -- all turned on Simpson and cooperated in the case against him . Simpson was sentenced last week to at least nine and as many as 33 years in prison in the case . Glass called him "  arrogant " and "  ignorant . " Before announcing the suspended sentences Tuesday , Glass said the actions of Cashmore , Erlich , McClinton and Alexander were "  stupid but also criminal " when they accompanied the former football star to the Palace Station Hotel and Casino on September 13 , 2007 . But she praised them for taking responsibility for their actions and for cooperating with the state 's case against Simpson . Should they violate the terms of their probation , the four could face prison time ranging from 12 months to 84 months , depending on the specific charges against them . The four apologized to the state and the victims in the case before their sentences were read in court Tuesday . Simpson , a former Heisman Trophy winner and record-setting NFL running back , had enlisted the help of Cashmore , Erlich , McClinton and Alexander , along with Clarence "  C.J. " Stewart , in an effort to get sports memorabilia items that Simpson claimed belong to him from dealers Bruce Fromong and Al Beardsley . The six men confronted the dealers in a hotel room , brandishing weapons but not firing them . Stewart received a sentence similar to Simpson 's but will be eligible for parole in 7 1/2 years . Watch how Simpson 's conviction came down " Glass ordered Fromong removed from the courtroom Tuesday after he made a comment during the sentencing of McClinton , who admitted brandishing a gun in the hotel room . Glass still has to decide restitution in the case a schedule a hearing on that for Friday morning . The four men sentenced Tuesday walked meekly from the courtroom to report to law enforcement officials and get details on their probation . On Friday , Simpson was led from the courtroom in shackles . He 'll remain jailed while an appeal is pending .	Charles Cashmore , Charles Erlich , Michael McClinton , Walter Alexander in court Four accompanied Simpson , another man in robbery of memorabilia dealers If they violate probation , four face prison terms of 12 months to 84 months Judge must still decide restitution in case
CNN  -- With Halloween just a few weeks away , "  NBA 2K15 " is here with a whole new set of mutant horrors to populate your nightmares . On Tuesday , the latest entry in 2K 's massively popular pro basketball video-game series was released to rave reviews and crowds lining up for midnight release events . One of the game 's coolest features is a new face-scanning system that , on Xbox One and PlayStation 4 , uses the console 's camera to let you make a 3-D model of your face and create a custom character to play . Except , well ... except that , sometimes , you get this : Clearly , some players were having trouble with the scanning process . And , to the delight and sheer terror of the Internet , the results often ended up looking like something out of "  The Toxic Avenger " or "  Hellraiser . " The scan requires players to get very close to their camera and then rotate their head slowly over the course of about 30 seconds . In 2K 's gaming forums , several threads popped up with players complaining about the glitch . Others who had experienced similar trouble were offering advice . The most frequent suggestion was to open windows to let in natural light when conducting the scan . Gamers on social media were , of course , having a ball with the freak show . "  Man , that new ` Silent Hill ' is really shaping up , " wrote Max Scoville , of gaming video channel Destructoid , referring to the classic horror game . "  Unclear why they 're calling it ` NBA 2K15 . ' " And not all surprising face-scan results were of the soul-crushingly ugly variety . The folks over at SB Nation scanned Pepper , one of their reporters ' dogs , and in our opinion , she looks ready to hit the hardwood . .	` NBA 2K15 ' face scan feature is leading to amusing , horrifying images The game was released today to long lines and great reviews Feature is meant to let players create a character with their own face
CNN  -- A 27-year-old mother surrendered her baby girl to firefighters in Los Angeles on Christmas Eve , authorities said Saturday . She told firefighters at Fire Station 46 that the newborn was just 6 hours old . The firefighters accepted the girl , wrapping her in a blanket . She was healthy and did not appear to have been neglected or abused . Firefighters named the newborn Noel , in honor of the Christmas holiday , said Los Angeles Fire Department spokesman Erik Scott . "  We are happy to state that our last report was that the infant was very healthy , and we are moved that this potentially tragic incident had a pleasant outcome , " he said . "  There was a sense of relief . " Both the baby and mother were given identification bracelets . The infant was taken to an area hospital , Scott said , and would be placed in protective custody . In California , a parent or legal guardian can surrender a newborn at fire stations and hospital emergency rooms with no fear of arrest . The law is meant to protect infants from being hurt , neglected or killed .	A baby was surrendered on Christmas Eve at a Los Angeles fire station The 27-year-old mother said the girl was only 6 hours old , a fire spokesman says She is healthy and will be placed in protective custody , he adds In California , a parent can drop off a newborn at fire stations with no fear of arrest
Europe 's hottest destination for tourists , Berlin offers more than bargain-priced nightclubs and Cold War nostalgia . Some of the most interesting sights in Germany are just a few hours away -- and with the deregulation of the intercity bus system , getting around is cheaper than ever . Here 's a shortlist of three great day trips from Berlin . Potsdam The site of the famous "  Potsdam Conference " that negotiated the end of World War II and a series of opulent Hohenzollern palaces , Potsdam lies only about an hour from the center of Berlin , with all the major attractions easily reachable by public transport . It 's a day trip not because of the travel time , but because there 's so much to see . Highlights include the breathtaking Sanssouci Palace  Maulbeerallee , Potsdam ; +49 331 9694200  , the former summer residence of Frederick the Great -- who ruled the Prussian Empire from 1740 to 1786 . A pale and beautiful Rococo villa , its name means "  without a care " and reflects the idyllic atmosphere of tranquil reflection Frederick sought to create with a grand , terraced vineyard to the south and sweeping views of the surrounding countryside . An audio tour covers the palace interior , where most of the original furnishings remain just as the Prussian king preferred them , and on a fine day the huge gardens are perfect for an impromptu picnic . Hardcore palace fans may have enough energy for a gander at the Orangery and the Spielfestung , or "  toy fortress " -- a miniature fort , complete with a working cannon , built for Frederick 's son . But in our opinion it makes a better write-up than it does a visit , and it 's better to take the audio tour of the Cecilienhof  Im Neuen Garten 11 , Potsdam ; +49 331 9694 200 This mammoth , Tudor-style mansion is where U.S. President Harry Truman , British Prime Minister Winston Churchill and Soviet leader Joseph Stalin negotiated the partition of post-war Germany in 1945 .  As always in German museums , it 's advisable to spring for the headphones unless you 're a history professor  . Depending on where else you 're headed , the Old Town of Potsdam itself can be underwhelming -- cluttered as it is with garden-variety shopping . The varied architecture of the Russian and Dutch Quarters -- built in Germany 's first , misguided effort to attract "  desirable " immigrants in the 18th century -- is , however , worth strolling through . Getting there Pay an extra 2 euros over the standard charge for the Berlin WelcomeCard and get free travel and discounts for various attractions in Potsdam  not the biggies  . Otherwise , day passes for the A-B-C zones of the Berlin transit system -- which covers buses and trains within Potsdam , as well as the so-called "  regional train " -- are available for 7.20 euros . Leipzig In the wake of the recent 25th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall , the nearby cultural capital of Leipzig -- which was the real nerve center of the peaceful East German revolution , as well as the longtime home of Baroque composer Johann Sebastian Bach -- makes an especially compelling day trip . It 's two hours by bus or 70 minutes by train from Berlin . Though it was virtually destroyed by Allied bombs in World War II , the reconstruction of Leipzig 's old town is so seamless that it 's difficult to recognize the Renaissance churches and old market square as reproductions . Meanwhile , a growing community of artists and hipsters have created a mushrooming bar , dance club and arts scene that has some people calling it "  the new Berlin "  or , more disparagingly , "  Hypezig "  . For a tribute to the movement that brought down the Wall , visit the Nikolaikirche  Nikolaikirchhof 3 , Leipzig ; +49 341 1245380  , the church where a small , East German prayer group known as "  Swords into Plowshares " grew into a protest involving thousands of people . Founded in 1165 , the church is a mash-up of Roman , Gothic and Baroque architectural styles , but its moment in history gives it an atmosphere that ca n't be beat . You can get a glimpse of Hypezig at the Spinnerei  Spinnereistrasse 7 , Leipzig ; +49 341 4980200 ; guided tours by appointment  -- a 19th century cotton mill that was converted into an artists ' collective in the 1990s . Put on the map by the so-called "  New Leipzig School " -- which includes the post-reunification works of Neo Rauch , Christoph Ruckhaberle , Matthias Weischer and others -- the complex now comprises artist studios , workshops and galleries . For classical music fans , the Leipziger Notenspur -- or "  Music Trail " -- links prominent sites from the city 's musical history along a 5-kilometer  3-mile  walking route . It includes the homes of the renowned 19th Century composers Felix Mendelsohn and Robert Schumann as well as museums devoted to Bach and Ludwig Beethoven . Regardless of your take on literature -- or deals with the devil -- it 's worth enjoying a meal at the Auerbachs Keller  Grimmaische Strasse 2-4 , Leipzig ; +49 341 216100  . One of Germany 's oldest restaurants , it 's where 18th century poet Johann Wolfgang von Goethe , a frequent patron , imagined Mephistopheles downing a few with his eponymous hero , Faust . Getting there : Tickets on the high-speed train to Leipzig can currently be had as cheap as 29 euros  around $ 40  from Deutschebahn . Luxury coaches with snacks , toilets and WiFi can get you there almost as quickly , starting at just 7 euros . Try MeinFernbus  +49 180 5 15 99 15  or Berlin Linienbus  +49 30 338 448 0  . Goerlitz Wee little Goerlitz , about three hours from Berlin if you time the connections right , is a bit more off the beaten track . But the number of Hollywood productions shot here -- "  The Reader , " "  Grand Budapest Hotel " and "  The Book Thief , " among others -- testify to its status as perhaps the most picturesque prewar German town , even if it does n't make many guidebooks . In many respects , it 's a place to witness Germany 's moribund East -- despite thriving larger cities like Leipzig , many areas are struggling to make a comeback . There 's not a lot in the way of tourist infrastructure , so it 's best visited when the weather is good . It 's the kind of place where the renovation team at the famous Goerlitz Department Store  Bismarckstrasse 21 , Goerlitz  -- once an icon in the style of London 's Selfridges or New York 's Bloomingdales -- and more recently the setting for Wes Anderson 's "  Grand Budapest Hotel " -- will drop what they 're doing to give guided tours . In nice weather , there are walks along the Neisse River and across the bridge into Poland -- still fun even if the days of passport stamps are long gone . For some traditional Silesian food , such as pork cooked in plum gravy , the town has several fine sidewalk restaurants . Other highlights include a series of late Gothic merchant houses , some of which still have interior fittings dating back to the 1500s , a stunning Schonhof , or town hall , built in 1526 , as well as a street where local glassblowers still ply their trade . The real joy of the place , though , is the feeling of discovery from exploring the streets -- which really do look like , well , a film set . Getting there : From Berlin , regional trains run from Alexanderplatz more or less hourly for around 40 euros  about $ 60  . But consult the schedule to avoid a wait when transferring in Cottbus .	Gorlitz was the film set for "  The Reader , " "  Grand Budapest Hotel " and "  The Book Thief " President Harry Truman , Prime Minister Winston Churchill and Soviet leader Joseph Stalin negotiated the partition of post-war Germany at Cecilienhof Nikolaikirche was the birthplace of the East German movement that instigated the collapse of the Berlin Wall
Lima , Peru  CNN  -- Thousands of Peruvians continued protests Wednesday that began in October , targeting as environmentally hazardous the continued construction of a $ 4.8 billion gold mining project called Conga . Eighteen people were hurt , several by gunshots , the department 's director of health said . The protests continued despite Tuesday night 's announcement by the U.S.-based firm Newmont Mining Corp. that work on the project in the northeastern department of Cajamarca would be suspended . Newmont , which is based in Denver , Colorado , and describes itself as one of the world 's largest oil companies , said it had suspended construction on the project "  for the safety of employees and community members . " It noted that operations there and at the nearby Yanacocha mine "  have experienced intermittent work stoppages as a result of ongoing protests in the region . " The protests began when anti-mining activists expressed concern about the possible impact of the project on the local water supply , the company said in a statement on its website . "  The Conga Environmental Impact Assessment was approved in 2010 after extensive review by the Peruvian government which included significant engagement and consultation with local communities , " it said . Gregorio Santos , regional president of Cajamarca , said that the central government announced the suspension of the project that critics say would adversely affect the area 's ecosystem and would leave cattle in the zone without access to water . But Daniel Abugatas , president of the Congress of the Republic and a member of the Gana Peru Party to which President Ollanta Humala belongs , said such an outcome is improbable . As a candidate and now as president , Humala has pledged to respect contracts signed by previous governments . Although government functionaries say the controversy over the mine is a problem that Humala inherited from a former government , some analysts say that he handled the conflict poorly . One of them is Edwin Gonzales , an anthropologist who said that Humala told reporters on the first day of the protests that the mining project would go forward anyway . "  The terms of the handling have not been the most adequate on the part of the current government , because the affirmation that the Conga project is going forward does not allow the minimum conditions needed for dialogue , " Gonzales said .	18 people are wounded in the protests in northeastern Peru Protests have continued , despite suspension of construction on the $ 4.8 billion project
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  -- Five people were killed and 10 were wounded Friday by a car bombing near a peacekeeper convoy in the Somali capital , officials said . All of those killed or injured were Somali civilians , according to Abdikafi Hilowle , administration secretary for the Benadir region . The blast happened as a convoy of African Union Mission in Somalia , or AMISOM , personnel passed a United Nations Development Program compound in Mogadishu , Hilowle said . This is the latest in a series of attacks in the city , the heart of an unstable nation beset with civil strife . Government and African Union forces have been battling Islamic militants for years in an effort to bring stability to the land . Last month , more than a dozen people were killed in an attack on the U.N. headquarters in Mogadishu . Friday 's attack appeared to be aimed at the convoy , AMISOM spokesman Col. Ali Aden Houmed said , adding that the incident is under investigation . The African Union Mission in Somalia is an African Union-operated peacekeeping group .	Bombing appears to target peacekeeping convoy , African Union official says The bombing is the latest in series of attacks in Somalia 's capital
Istanbul  CNN  -- A Kurdistan Regional Government spokesman expressed hope Wednesday that only a temporary "  technical issue " led the Iraqi government to deny permission for Turkey 's energy minister to fly to the autonomous Kurdish region in northern Iraq . Energy Minister Taner Yildiz 's plane was forced to turn around in mid-flight Tuesday . He was in a private plane flying to Irbil , the Kurdistan region 's capital , to attend a three-day conference on oil and gas . "  We had applied for flight permits . We were issued one , and the plane was on the move , " said a Turkish foreign ministry official , speaking on condition of anonymity due to government protocol . "  But in the meantime we were notified by the Iraqis that they have banned all VIP flights to Northern Iraq . " But Kurdistan Regional Government spokesman Safeen Dizayee told CNN on Wednesday that officials there hope the denial was only temporary . "  There are new regulations by the central government for private planes to enter Iraqi airspace , and apparently energy minister 's plane had not complied with the new regulations " Dizayee said . "  Iraqi airspaces are completely controlled by the central government . The cabin crew of the Turkish minister 's plane was directly in touch with Baghdad to get permission and Kurdistan Regional Government has no control on it " he added . "  We hope it is only a technical issue and it will be resolved soon , " he said . Opinion : Why U.S. should rethink policy over Syria 's Kurds Iraqi government officials have not commented on the aborted flight . The incident came at a time of heightened tension between Ankara and Baghdad . Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his Iraqi counterpart , Nuri al-Maliki , have engaged in a public war of words , accusing each other of pushing their respective countries towards civil war . For months , Turkey has also offered sanctuary to Iraq 's fugitive vice president , Tarek al-Hashemi , who was sentenced to death in absentia by an Iraqi court for murder . And last August , the Iraqi central government loudly objected after Turkey 's foreign minister made a short visit from Iraqi Kurdistan to the contested oil-rich city of Kirkuk , apparently without Baghdad 's permission . Iraqi Kurds have witnessed a remarkable reversal over the past decade , as Turkey has gone from being a major adversary to being one of the Kurdistan Regional Government 's largest trading partners . "  To ensure access to Kurdish oil and gas , Turkey has eased its trade , economic , diplomatic relations with the KRG . Even in some cases , it has acted as the protector of the Kurds in Northern Iraq , " wrote Yerevan Saeed , an Iraqi Kurdish energy security analyst at Tufts University . "  This has made both Baghdad and Tehran angry , and they have been trying to limit Turkish influence , " Saeed added , referring to Iran , another regional player that is seen by many observers as one of the chief patrons of the Baghdad government . The intrigues in Iraq have been complicated by the fact that relations are also deteriorating between al-Maliki 's government and the Iraqi Kurds . The Iraqi central government and the Kurdistan Regional Government have been at odds for years over who has final authority over Iraq 's vast oil wealth . In recent weeks , that tension has flared around Kirkuk . Last month , Iraqi Kurdistan deployed troops and tanks to cement the Kurds ' claim over the strategic city . The Kurdish forces have been engaged in a tense standoff with units of the Iraqi Army , which were recently deployed to areas near Kirkuk . NATO : ` Do n't even think about attacking Turkey '	Kurdish spokesman : "  We hope it is only a technical issue and it will be resolved soon " Energy Minister Taner Yildiz 's plane was forced to turn around in mid-flight Tuesday He was on his way to a conference in the Kurdish region in northern Iraq The incident comes at a time of heightened tension between Ankara and Baghdad
CNN  -- Not long ago , I was very kindly invited to Buckingham Palace , as a member of Britain 's food industry . Hundreds of very smart foodies turned up , having showered , shaved and left behind their stoves , whisks and knives . It is a funny thing seeing many of your contemporaries in suits and dresses when you 're used to seeing them in their whites and aprons . I spent most of the evening introducing myself or just observing the many groups of people that mingle at occasions like these . One group caught my eye for most of the evening . It was made up of gentlemen all dressed in military uniform -- rather splendid military uniforms , obviously designed for just such a royal occasion . It was not the uniforms or even the rows of medals on their chests , but the fact that military members were there at all . Watch an interview with Arthur Potts Dawson What would the military be doing at a food gig at Buckingham Palace ? Well , the answer stopped me short , so short that I have been unable to think of much else since that rather uneventful night -- uneventful except for the firm handshake of Her Majesty the Queen . The answer in its simplest form was that the uniforms were the catering corps , a corps that has catered all over the world for British soldiers on every battlefield ever since men needed to fight and eat at the same time . The answer in its most shocking form was that these were the men who would be in control of the food in Britain should we face shortages . Shortages ? Yes , shortages , of oil , water and their means of distribution . Shortages of flour , milk and eggs . Shortages of meat , fruit and vegetables . In fact , should this country suffer from any number of potential problems with our oil-dependent food chain , our very lives could be in the hands of the small group of men standing in a corner in Buckingham Palace . All of Britain 's superstar chefs had turned out for this event , but none was more important than the gentlemen who stood watching the rest of us , as we rather arrogantly walked around the room as if food would always be available to perform tricks with , to swear at and make jokes with . Well , food security is a serious issue and I better find out as much as I can about it . TED.com : Jamie Oliver 's TED Prize wish In Britain the big supermarkets dominate our food chain . British supermarkets are some of the best in the world at controlling , manipulating and delivering cheap food . Controlling food and its distribution takes a huge amount of money and energy , but because the British food producer could not keep up with the supermarkets ' demands for ever-lower prices , the supermarkets have moved to buying globally . They turned to the products provided by cheap labor in northern and southern Africa , South America and Asia . But in shifting from Britain to the world , our supermarkets managed to destabilize Britain 's food infrastructure . The supermarkets have left behind farmers , milk producers and fishermen . They all have knowledge they should be passing down , but there is no new blood wanting to pick up the rake , the fishing net or the gate latch at 4 a.m. TED.com : Michael Pollan gives a plant eye 's view There is no money in food production in Britain : The supermarkets have taken the potential for a decent living away . The cost to produce milk is higher than the supermarkets are willing to pay . The cost of meat is too high , and the cost of fish is too high . But the supermarkets reply that they are only trying to "  give the customers what they want , " so they must go abroad . In this statement is the manipulation . We as customers are led to believe that the low costs we pay are borne by the supermarkets . Well , think again . It is the producers in this country who are paid such low prices by the supermarkets for their produce that they are going out of business by the hundreds every year , and with it goes their knowledge . The supermarkets are not delivering cheap food , it is the farmers and producers of Britain , and now the world -- and at a cost to the environment too . Increased yield means increased use of fertilizers , pesticides and antibiotics in animals . About 30 % of fresh food is thrown away in supermarkets every day , although they will deny it . British households are throwing an estimated 30 % of their food away too . Where are we going with this over-producing , over-consuming super-cheap food system ? We are going global with a huge reliance on oil . TED.com : Dean Ornish on the world 's killer diet But when the oil stops flowing , and our systems fail , no safety procedures are in place to help us . No localized food networks , and no agricultural schools developing our next wave of farmers -- this in a country where the average age for a farmer is 64 . It feels to me as if we are becoming so overly reliant on our supermarket system , that when it breaks down , all we can turn to is military intervention . Surely we should be striving to teach and educate people how to feed themselves . How to grow food and distribute it locally . How to barter for food items that can bring the essential vitamins and minerals for healthy life . Be mindful of what supermarkets are doing and demand to see their business practices . Stop throwing away food . Compost as much as you can , eat as locally and as seasonally as you can . Share knowledge and information . We are stronger as a group than an individual . Think in a cooperative and communal way , set up local food hubs and create growing communities . I have tried to create that type of idea in The People 's Supermarket , and hope that it grows in popularity . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Arthur Potts Dawson .	Arthur Potts Dawson : British supermarkets control and deliver very cheap food Potts : They buy cheap food globally , driving local producers out of business Dairy and meat farmers , fishermen are becoming a vanishing breed , he writes Consumers must work for fresh , sustainable food systems not reliant on oil , he writes
Steubenville , Ohio  CNN  -- The attorney for one of two teenagers charged with rape in a case that has consumed a small Ohio town wants a judge to postpone and move his client 's trial , he said Sunday . Adam Nemann , the lawyer for 16-year-old defendant Trent Mays , told CNN he wants the case moved out of Steubenville because of the extensive publicity it has received "  and what we perceive as threats to individuals , perhaps witnesses , and also defendants and even defense counsel . " Nemann would not elaborate on those threats but said media attention and an explosion of online postings about the case are another part of the reason he 'll be filing motions for a postponement and a change of venue . "  We 're concerned about safety issues at this point , " he added . Mays and co-defendant Ma ` lik Richmond , also 16 , are charged with raping a teenage girl during late-night partying and drinking in August . Both teens are scheduled to be tried February 13 in a juvenile court in Steubenville , in eastern Ohio near the West Virginia state line . Richmond 's lawyer , Walter Madison , told CNN he also plans to file a motion for change of venue "  and another motion that will probably necessitate a hearing . " He declined to elaborate . A judge from Cincinnati is hearing the case after a local judge recused himself to avoid an appearance of conflict , and the local district attorney asked Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine 's office to handle the prosecution . DeWine spokesman Dan Tierney did not directly address Nemann 's concerns Sunday . "  The investigation is ongoing , and it includes all aspects of the case , including evidence put out in social media , " Tierney said . "  So the investigation is still ongoing at this time . We 'll review any motions they file . " Trials are often granted a change of venue because of the fear of a tainted jury pool . But in this case , a judge will determine the teens ' fate . Police Chief William McCafferty said many people in town know someone who may have a connection to the case . CNN is not identifying the girl , a juvenile , in accordance with its policy not to release the names of alleged rape victims . Although the suspects also are juveniles , CNN is identifying them because they have been publicly named by a juvenile court judge , by defense attorneys and in media accounts . Special prosecutor Marianne Hemmeter told a judge at a probable cause hearing last October that the girl "  was unresponsive , not in a position of consent , and they knew about it , and let 's be clear , they knew she was drunk . " Lawyers for both defendants have said their clients are not guilty . "  We deny the accusations completely . We deny the lack of consent . We deny that there was sexual activity . We deny that there was a rape . And we steadfastly maintain that , " Nemann said . Madison said his client has denied the charge in court . The attorney has complained that Richmond 's presumption of innocence has been destroyed by the publicity surrounding the case . "  Our emotional response is he 's a juvenile , and it 's life-altering -- and that was before it became the focus of international media attention , " Madison said , adding , "  All I want is justice . " The case gained national attention after The New York Times published a lengthy piece on it in December and when the activist hacker group Anonymous posted a previously unpublicized video of teenagers cracking jokes about the case . Nemann said his motions will be filed under seal , but he plans to tell the judge that his case may be hamstrung by hesitant witnesses . Some potential witnesses who attended the parties where the alleged sexual assaults occurred are refusing to talk with his defense team , the lawyer said . "  I 'm concerned about whether or not the case should be tried in this area , " Nemann said . "  Perhaps the fact that it is in the Steubenville area is going to prohibit certain people from wanting to come forward and testify . "	Lawyer for one suspect is concerned about safety for his client A spokesman for state prosecutors had no direct comment Sunday Both Steubenville , Ohio , teens deny the allegations against them , their lawyers say
CNN  -- The 152-year-old Melbourne Cup is back on home soil , after a surprise win by Green Moon in Australia 's most famous horse race . Bred in Ireland but owned and trained in Australia , Green Moon 's victory will be sweet for local horse trainers and racing fans , who have seen the cup go to international entries in recent years . The six-year-old stallion took the winner 's share of the AUD6 million  USD6 .2 million  prize money , beating Fiorente second and Jakkalberry third . Green Moon was ridden by Hong Kong-based Australian jockey Brett Prebble . The win also marks the fourth time a horse owned by Lloyd Williams , an Australian businessman and property developer , has won the high-stakes contest that is watched by millions across the country . Green Moon was an early contender but questions emerged over his form after a disappointing seventh place at his last race just over a week ago . Six of the eight favorites in this year 's race were from overseas and were dubbed by Australian media as "  international invaders . " Last year 's winner was Dunaden , a French stallion and another French horse -- Americain -- won the race in 2010 . "  There is nothing like winning the Melbourne Cup . The Melbourne cup is Australia , " says trainer Mark Kavanagh , whose horse Shocking won in 2009 . "  Any other race I do n't think it would really matter but the Melbourne Cup is such an Australian icon that it is hard for them to stomach that it might be leaving Australian shores , " he told CNN 's Winning Post . Home-grown entries have been overshadowed by foreign contenders as a lucrative prize pot lures horses bred and trained mainly in Europe . The prize money has become all the more tantalizing in the past few years as the Australian dollar has strengthened against other major currencies , making it worth the $ 150,000 it costs to transport and stable the horses during their stay down under . "  Well they 've got to travel half way across the globe , they 've got to settle in and they 've got to get used to our dry Australian tracks but at the end of the day there is six million Australian dollars waiting for them so there are plenty of them that are going to have a crack , " Kavanagh said before this year 's race . It 's hard to overstate the significance of the race in the Australian sporting and social calendar . Imagine the party atmosphere of the Kentucky Derby with the tradition and pageantry of the Grand National and Royal Ascot . A novice 's guide to the Melbourne Cup Held at Flemington Racecourse , the race meet attracts some 100,000 punters dressed in their finest hats and formal attire , along with more comical takes on the occasion . It is also watched by millions at bars , homes and outdoor screens across the country . "  There are race meetings , I understand , in other parts of the world . But no-one promotes their race like we do , " Robert Doyle , the Lord Mayor of Melbourne , told CNN . "  I mean who else has a public holiday for a horse race ? We do and we think it 's perfectly natural . " The race , part of a week-long meeting , also has a huge economic impact for the city , with millions bet and more spent . Race goers alone are estimated to spend nearly $ 30 million during the week , while the carnival and other events that accompany it bring in $ 350 million , Doyle said . Cup memories : The legs that stopped a nation British horse trainer Luca Cumani , who has twice narrowly missed out on winning the cup , says another reason why there are more international entries is because European horses tend to be bred for covering longer distances compared to their Australian counterparts . However , he says the international horses have their own obstacles to overcome . The animals have to travel for 50 to 60 hours and then face two weeks of quarantine . Quarantine regulations also make it difficult for international trainers to bring in their own food so the horses have to get used to the local cuisine . "  Which is not a help and they suffer from jetlag just the same as people do and they take quite a while to adjust , " he told CNN 's Winning Post . Kavanagh , like most Australian trainers , is not particularly sympathetic to the foreign horses ' plight , but as long as the prize money remains high , it 's likely that entrants will come from far and wide .	Green Moon has won Australia 's most famous horse race , the Melbourne Cup The six-year-old stallion took the winner 's share of the $ 6.2 million prize money Australian horse-racing fans thrilled to have cup back on home soil More international horses have been competing lured by lucrative prize pot
CNN  -- The British and Irish Lions held on for a 23-21 victory over Australia Saturday in a nail-biting first Test in Brisbane . The opening match of the three-Test series swung on a few key moments and the Wallabies were left to count the cost of two late missed penalties from Kurtley Beale . His first effort from just 30 meters out went wide of the posts and when presented with another chance from a little further out , Beale cruelly slipped as he was making his attempt . It left Warren Gatland 's men and the thousands of their supporters who had turned the Suncorp Stadium into a sea of red to celebrate a famous victory . "  It was relief , but we deserved to win that game , " Gatland told reporters after his side 's narrow triumph . They led 13-12 at halftime , despite two tries from Australia wing Israel Folau , who was making a sensational debut just five months after switching to rugby union from rugby league and Australian Rules football . The Lions responded with a superb try of their own through Welshman George North , converted by Leigh Halfpenny , who also made two further penalties to give the tourists the edge . Right wing Alex Cuthbert went over for a second Lions try -- again converted by Halfpenny -- early in the second half -- to leave them 20-12 ahead . James O'Connor and replacement Beale kicked two penalties to give the Wallabies renewed hope , but the ever accurate Halfpenny 's boot stretched the lead to 23-18 . But after yet another careless infringement by the Lions left Beale with the opportunity to close the gap to just two points after his own surging run led to a penalty . Beale , returning to the Wallabies side , then wasted the two late opportunities to leave his side facing up to defeat . "  It was very frustrating but I 'm proud of the effort we put in . It was a trying circumstance to put themselves in a position to win the game , " Australia coach Robbie Deans said . "  It was a courageous performance that would stack up alongside any but it was disappointing not to get the reward . " His side will take heart from history because the last time the Lions toured Australia in 2001 , they won the opening Test at The Gabba , but lost the series 2-1 . Next Saturday sees the second Test in Melbourne with the third and final match in Sydney a week later . Meanwhile , world champions New Zealand beat France 24-9 in the the Third Test of their series in New Plymouth . The All Blacks had won the previous two matches and completed a clean sweep .	British and Irish Lions beat Australia in First Test 23-21 victory in Brisbane in fiercely fought match Two tries apiece from each team Late penalty misses by Kurtley Beale for the Wallabies
In July , Iran lost one of its most acclaimed playwrights and directors when Mahmoud Ostad-Mohammad passed away in Tehran at the age of 62 . Scores of relatives , friends , and theater lovers attended his funeral ceremony that was adorned with pictures of Ostad-Mohammad -- his trademark mustache and playful smile on display . Some wept while embracing copies of his famous screenplays . Among the mourners was Ostad-Mohammad 's daughter , Mana , who is convinced that Western sanctions against Iran were partly to blame for his father 's passing . "  This was the doctor 's testimony , " said Mana Ostad-Mohammad . "  This is based on my father 's medical tests . " Through five decades , some of the most famous Iranian plays were brought to life by Ostad-Mohammad . Some were Iranian classics . Others were originals . All were stories about the loves and losses of everyday Iranians . Then in 2011 , came a diagnosis of late-stage liver cancer . Surgery was not an option , but Ostad-Mohammad 's oncologist prescribed the cancer drug Nexavar . According to his doctor and medical tests , the drug appeared to stop the cancer from spreading . "  We were very hopeful that if he gets through this stage , he could get healthy and start living his life again , " said his daughter Mana . But beginning last year -- soon after Washington and Western powers imposed additional sanctions against Iran to rein in its nuclear program -- Iranian doctors , pharmacists and patients say finding Nexavar and several other drugs that treated deadly diseases became increasingly difficult . Western powers have stepped up the pressure on Iran since 2006 , when the U.N. Security Council voted unanimously to impose new sanctions for Tehran 's failure to suspend its nuclear program . The European Union imposed further sanctions last year . U.S. officials have long said medical goods are exempt from the measures and that Western sanctions are specifically designed to target the government , not ordinary Iranians . But Iranian officials say with the Western ban on Iranian banks doing business with much of the outside world , even medical goods that are exempt from the sanctions are often impossible to import . "  We have a serious shortage of drugs due to high prices or because they 're impossible to purchase , " says Tehran-based pharmacist Imen Heirani . Heirani said everyday he gets as many as 30 calls a day from patients looking for hard-to-find drugs . "  They 're obviously tired because they 've been searching for a while . " Mana was getting tired too . This year , finding Nexavar -- the drug that helped keep her father alive -- became harder than ever . "  It was very unexpected , " said Mana . "  For 18 months we could easily get the drug but now we could n't . We did n't know what to do . " Searching for the drug became Mana 's daily mission . If pharmacies in Tehran did n't have Nexavar , Mana would open her phone book and start dialing pharmacies in other Iranian cities like Tabriz , Isfahan and Mashad . But last March finding Nexavar became virtually impossible , she says . Medical tests then showed her father 's feto-protein level -- an indicator of cancer -- skyrocketed over the four months he went without Nexavar . On July 25 , Ostad-Mohammad lost his fight with cancer . Iran lost a beloved playwright . And a daughter lost a father who she believes was a victim of Western sanctions and a political conflict that had nothing to do with him . "  More than being angry , I think about how simple-minded politicians are , " she said . "  Sanctions are impacting the people , not the groups politicians say they 're impacting . "	Iranians say access to life-saving drugs is difficult because of Western sanctions West has imposed harsh economic sanctions for Iran 's failure to suspend nuclear program Economic sanctions targeting Iranian banks and energy sector have crippled Iran 's economy U.S. officials say Western sanctions are designed to target government , not citizens
CNN  -- A rare working model of the Apple 1 , the tech giant 's first desktop computer , sold for more than $ 671,000 over the weekend at an auction in Germany . The computer , along with a letter from Apple co-founder Steve Jobs to its original owner , is believed to be one of only six working Apple 1s and one of only three on the open market . The buyer , who chose to remain anonymous , is from the Far East , according to Uwe H. Breker of Auction Team Breker , which auctioned off a roster of vintage tech Saturday in Cologne . The Apple PC was expected to bring at least $ 400,000 . But Breker said it 's no surprise that it fetched more than 50 % more . In November , his team auctioned a similar model for $ 640,000 . Sotheby 's New York sold one last year for $ 375,000 . Prices for the rare devices have gone up since Jobs ' death in 2011 . In November 2010 , Christie 's auctioned an Apple 1 for $ 212,000 . "  It 's not only the technology of the world 's first ready-to-use PC , " Breker said in an e-mail to CNN . "  It 's more the symbol of the American Dream -- the story of two dropouts who had a superb idea ... and 35 years later their company is the richest and highest-valued company ever . " Jobs and Steve Wozniak famously created the Apple computer in Jobs ' family garage , building the device by hand and financing the company through the sale of Wozniak 's fancy calculator and Jobs ' VW camper van . About 200 Apple 1s were built , and fewer than 50 are believed to exist still -- most of them not in working order . Saturday 's lot also included the letter from Jobs to a Fred Hatfield at Computer Data Systems in Columbus , Ohio . Dated January 18 , 1978 , the letter offers Hatfield the chance to trade in his Apple 1 , and $ 400 , for an Apple II . He obviously did not take Jobs up on the offer .	Only 200 Apple 1s were made , and only six are believed to be in working order Rare Apple 1 computer sells for $ 671,000 at auction The working Apple 1 was auctioned in Germany to an Asian buyer
CNN  -- Watching 3-D movies generally means suffering through two things : crappy plotlines that favor spectacle over substance and the need to wear some annoying , dorky glasses . Scientists may have solved one of these frustrations .  You might be able to guess which . Researchers in South Korea have created a new method that would allow moviegoers to simply sit down and start watching a 3-D movie with no extra gear necessary . The research was published Monday in Optics Express . "  This is essentially the next step that was required for 3-D display technology without glasses , " said physicist John Koshel , who studies optical science at the University of Arizona and was not associated with the new work . We see the world in three dimensions because our eyes are spaced slightly apart , each looking out at a different angle . Your brain combines the information from both eyes , determining where each object in your field of view is to generate depth perception . To achieve 3-D movies or television , the trick is to send a slightly different , offset picture to each eye . Special glasses handle this task for most modern 3-D blockbuster movies , with each lens only letting in one polarization of light . Polarization describes the direction in which the electromagnetic waves in light oscillate , either up-down , left-right , or something in between . When you sit down to watch something like "  Avatar , " two projectors are displaying two images on the same screen , with the light from one polarized left-right and the other up-down . This is why the screen looks kind of blurry when you take the glasses off -- there are two movies playing on it at the same time . The 3-D glasses correct the situation by separating these images , allowing the left-projector movie to go to your left eye and the right-projector movie into your right . But needing two projectors perfectly synced in a theater is awkward and expensive . There are some glasses-free methods around , where a special filter covering the screen sends some of the light to your right eye and some to your left , creating a 3-D image . This is the technology in Nintendo 's 3DS gaming system and several smart phone displays , such as the HTC Evo 3D . In a movie theater , this glasses-free 3-D technique would require the projector to sit behind the screen , but most theaters are not designed for this . The new method would allow movie theaters to keep their projectors where they 've always been , behind the audience , and uses fairly simple optical technology . A special array sits in front of the projector and polarizes its light . A filter covering the screen then obscures different vertical regions of the screen , like the slats of venetian blinds . Each of your eyes , sitting at a slightly different angle , has some of the screen blocked and some of the screen visible . The movie has the right-eye and left-eye images interleaved in vertical columns with one another . The trick then is to have the light visible to your left eye contain the left-eye pixels and vice versa for the right eye . The new method is less cumbersome than both the current two-projector and the behind-the-screen-projector methods . But because it blocks some of the light to your different eyes , the current image resolution is fairly low . Koshel expects that 3-D movie companies will be interested in upgrading the method 's abilities and resolution to bring glasses-free 3-D to the masses . "  This technology is still in its infancy , but it 's a new step that was hidden for a long time , " Koshel said . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	South Korean researchers create way to watch 3D movies with no glasses Method blocks some light to viewers eyes , creating 3D effect Current method , using two projectors , is awkward and expensive
CNN  -- Ferrari team principal Stefano Demenicali has rejected suggestions a power struggle between him and driver Fernando Alonso is the reason behind the Italian team 's faltering Formula One season . Alonso , a two-time world champion , picked up two grands prix wins in the first five races of the season , but he has struggled to match the blistering pace set by Red Bull 's three-time drivers ' champion Sebastian Vettel . The Spaniard is second in the drivers ' standings and trails the leader Vettel by 46 points after finishing runner up to the German at Sunday 's Belgian Grand Prix . Domenicali , who has been team principal of F1 's most successful team since 2008 , denied a rift with Alonso and also dismissed suggestions he is too soft for one of motorsport 's most demanding jobs . "  No , no , this is something that I totally reject , " Domenicali told the sport 's official website . "  We want to win together . "  It is a super-competitive environment where you are a hero when you win and a zero when you lose -- there is not really something in between for us . Be sure that we are united to win -- because that 's what we are here for . " Ferrari president Luca di Montezemolo has not been shy in expressing his dissatisfaction with the team . He "  tweaked " Alonso 's ear last month when the driver sarcastically remarked he would like "  someone else 's car " for his birthday . "  He is our chairman and he is very passionate about this part of his job , this side of the business , " Domenicali said of Di Montezemolo . "  It is normal that he is very pushy with us because we had a really difficult July . It was a sign of attention from him -- I read it this way , that 's it . "  We know we need to be focused -- and he reminded us of that -- and that we have to be united to pass this difficult moment . " Domenicali was also coy on rumors Lotus ' Kimi Raikkonen could be in line for a return to the team he won the world championship with in 2007 -- Ferrari 's last drivers ' title . "  Kimi is a very fast driver and everybody knows how I rate him . But if I make a comment now it will be taken as a direct answer . "  As I said , there is no rush and we will make the right decision in the right moment . " Meanwhile David Ward has announced he intends to stand in the FIA 's presidential elections later this year . Ward has resigned from his post as director general of world motorsport 's governing body 's charitable foundation to run for the post currently held by former Ferrari chief Jean Todt . "  After much careful thought I have decided to stand , " Ward said in a statement . "  The election period begins in September and it will be necessary for me to approach FIA members to secure nominations . "  In these circumstances I think that the correct course of action is to resign . "  Election processes inevitably involve robust and lively debate , and whilst the foundation is independent and there is no legal requirement for me to resign , I believe that it is in the best interests of the charity that I stand down now . " Frenchman Todt , who has been president of the FIA since 2009 , has yet to announce whether or not he intends to run for reelection .	Stefano Domenicali denies a rift with Ferrari driver Fernando Alonso Ferrari team principal Domenicali also rejects claims he is not up to the task Alonso is second in the drivers ' standings , 46 points behind Sebastian Vettel Domenicali would not be drawn on Ferrari 's rumored interest in Kimi Raikkonen
CNN  -- Investigators looking into the crash of a Malaysia Airlines jet over Ukraine face a series of unusual challenges . From access to the debris , to volatile militant activity in the area , here 's a look at some investigation concerns after the plane with 298 people aboard fell from the sky . Who will lead the investigation ? The answer is not so clear-cut . But aviation experts say an investigation should not include parties involved in the conflict between Ukraine and Russia-backed separatists . Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said experts from the International Civilian Aviation Organization , an agency of the United Nations , have joined the Netherlands , Malaysia and the United States on a special commission . Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak called for an international team to have full access to the crash site . What will happen to plane 's data recorders ? The families of people on board will demand a transparent international investigation , and so will the global community , CNN aviation analyst Richard Quest said . Finding and examining the plane 's data recorders will be key -- but the fact that the crash occurred in such a volatile region makes what comes next anything but certain , CNN aviation analyst Miles O'Brien said . "  The big question will be , in whose hands will they fall , and will this be a really objective , international investigation ? " he said . Who will win the blame game ? Washington and Kiev have said it was a surface-to-air missile that brought down the Boeing 777 , though the United States could n't say who fired the weapon . Anton Gerashchenko , adviser to the Ukrainian Interior Ministry , said in a Facebook post that "  terrorists " fired on the plane operating a Buk surface-to-air missile system . Malaysia 's government said it was n't ready to say what happened . A spokesman for Russian President Vladimir Putin said any talk of Russia being involved is "  stupidity . " Putin said Ukraine 's military campaign against the separatists was to blame , but he did n't accuse either side for the suspected shoot-down . What evidence do officials have so far ? Ukraine 's state security chief accused two Russian military intelligence officers of involvement and said they must be punished . Valentyn Nalyvaichenko said he based his allegation on intercepts of phone conversations between the two officers . "  Now you know who carried out this crime . We will do everything for the Russian military who carried out this crime to be punished , " he told reporters . Philip Mudd , a former senior official for the FBI and CIA , said that after an incident , people start to talk and intelligence agencies , like the U.S. National Security Agency , will pick up on those conversations . How did officials conclude it was a missile attack ? The United States came to the conclusion of a missile attack through radar data . A U.S. radar system saw a surface-to-air missile system turn on and track an aircraft right before the plane was shot down , a senior U.S. official told CNN . A second system saw a heat signature -- which would indicate a missile rising from the ground into the air -- at the time the airliner was hit , the official explained . The wreckage path , O'Brien said , will also reveal a lot . If a plane breaks up in midair , which is likely what would happen in a missile strike , there would be a large swath of wreckage , he said , but if it breaks down due to mechanical failure , the debris field would be more concentrated . How long will it take to determine who was responsible ? Putin probably knew Thursday what happened , according to Mudd , who said Russia is one of a few countries with the capability to follow missiles . Obama will probably walk into the Oval Office on Friday to find an assessment that gives a pretty clear picture on where the missile was launched . That report will be based on human and technical sources such as radar . Are separatists giving investigators access to crash site ? The area where the plane crashed is n't under control of authorities in Kiev . Pro-Russia separatists were in control of the site Thursday night , according to Noah Sneider , a freelance journalist on the scene . Separatists were among the first to the crash site and some of them went through the wreckage . Photos of the crash site show people standing on pieces of the wreckage . "  The mere fact that this is not a secure , sterile site at the moment -- is of concern , " Quest said . CNN Senior International Correspondent Nic Robertson said that it was hours before five government rescue teams were allowed into the crash area and armed groups were getting in the way of their work . Phone calls intercepted by Ukraine authorities indicate some of the debris was being looted and taken away . What role will the United States play ? It certainly will get involved on the ground if any of the passengers are Americans . And it likely will send a team from the National Transportation Safety Board because the Boeing 777-200 was built in the United States . NTSB officials said Thursday they are waiting to see how they will be involved , but a senior administration official told CNN a team would go in an advisory capacity . The FBI would also send agents , the official said . There are complications , however , because the area where the plan crashed is n't under control of authorities in Kiev . And U.S. authorities likely would n't be able to travel to territory controlled by separatists in eastern Ukraine who have declared themselves independent . U.S. intelligence agencies are analyzing the trajectory of the missile to try to learn where the attack came from . It will also look through satellite images to pinpoint the launch spot . The State Department would assist in diplomatic discussions between Ukraine and Russia . It would also help families of victims , if any of those on board had ties to the United States . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Evan Perez , Elise Labott and Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	Experts : Investigation should not include parties involved in Ukraine conflict Intelligence agencies likely to have assessments by Friday U.S. will help in several areas , including diplomacy The fact that pro-Russian separatists control the crash area will hamper the investigation
CNN  -- In Roger Federer 's last tournament , he lost at the U.S. Open to a player he had beaten 10 straight times . Federer returned to the singles court at the Shanghai Masters on Wednesday and in defeating Andreas Seppi , ensured that another long winning streak did n't come to an end . Whereas Federer was upset by Tommy Robredo in New York five weeks ago , he improved to 10-0 against Seppi by downing the Italian 6-4 6-3 . Having dipped to seventh in the rankings , Federer needs wins to ensure his participation at the year-end championships in London in November . He has appeared at the marquee event every year since 2002 . Federer has n't dwelled on his defeat to Robredo -- he told reporters this week he did n't want to think too much about it -- and is already looking forward to a "  great " 2014 to dampen any talk of retirement . The Swiss veteran was certainly sharper against Seppi than Robredo , especially after overturning an early break deficit in the first set . Both players , however , hit more unforced errors than winners in Asia 's top men 's tournament . Federer was the overwhelming crowd favorite , with fans chanting , "  in , in , in " when the 17-time grand slam champion challenged a forehand he hit that was called wide . "  It was great energy , I must say , " Federer told reporters . "  It gives me unbelievable motivation , inspires me to train hard , work hard , push further for that particular day , but also wanting to come back again next year , and again and again . " Rafael Nadal watched part of his great rival 's match and was mobbed by fans wanting his autograph . He obliged . The Spaniard , back to top spot in the rankings this week after a two-year absence , also advanced in straight sets over Alexandr Dolgopolov . The man he deposed as No. 1 did the same against Marcel Granollers . Novak Djokovic , the top seed because the Shanghai draw was made last week , needed a medical timeout for a foot problem but still thrashed Granollers 6-2 6-0 . "  It was just an awkward movement , " Djokovic told reporters . "  I was in an off-balance position . I was running and I made a quick movement that caused a sharp pain at that instant moment . " "  But after the match we determined that it 's nothing serious , so it 's all fine . " Murray withdraws from London When Andy Murray announced he would be undergoing back surgery last month , it was thought the Wimbledon champion would n't return until 2014 . But according to reports last week , Murray considered coming back at the year-end championships on home soil after a successful operation . Alas , Murray ruled out that possibility Wednesday . "  I 'm really disappointed not to be playing this year , " Murray told the ATP 's website . "  I love playing in front of my home crowd . It 's a great atmosphere . "  All the players look forward to competing in London and I 'll be doing my best to qualify again for the tournament next year . " His withdrawal realistically means that five players -- Federer , Stanislas Wawrinka , Richard Gasquet , Milos Raonic and Jo-Wilfried Tsonga -- are vying for the final two spots in the eight-man field . All four have advanced to the third round in Shanghai except Gasquet , who fell Tuesday to Raonic 's Canadian compatriot Vasek Pospisil . Wawrinka , who reached the last four in New York , meets Raonic on Thursday .	Roger Federer wins his first singles match since the U.S. Open by beating Andreas Seppi Federer defeats Seppi 6-4 6-3 in Shanghai to boost his record to 10-0 against the Italian Federer needs victories because he has n't qualified for the World Tour Finals Wimbledon champion Andy Murray withdraws from the year-end championships
CNN  -- The battle continues over which court should try the son of deceased Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi . In the latest sign of a growing divide , the International Criminal Court on Friday rejected Libya 's bid to try Saif al-Islam Gadhafi and asked the nation to hand him over . Libya has consistently challenged the ICC 's demand to try Gadhafi , saying the Hague-based court does not have jurisdiction in the case . Gadhafi , who has been held in the Libyan city of Zintan since his capture in 2011 , faces charges of crimes against humanity linked to the uprising that ousted his father about two years ago . The pre-trial chamber of the court questioned Libya 's ability to prosecute the younger Gadhafi , saying the nation 's judicial institutions are not well-established following the uprising . "  The Chamber found that multiple challenges remained and that Libya continued to face substantial difficulties in exercising its judicial powers fully across the entire territory , " the court said in a statement . In addition to other challenges , the court said , securing legal representation for him in Libya will put the lawyers involved at risk and impede the proceedings . Last year , lawyers said Gadhafi was in isolation except for visits from officials . He also suffers dental pain , and Libyan authorities have given him nothing to remedy that , according to the lawyers . Libya and the ICC have been going back and forth since his capture , with the court saying the nation is obligated to surrender the suspect . Saif Gadhafi , once his father 's heir apparent , was seized by militants in November 2011 as he tried to flee the nation . A month before , his father was killed after rebel forces captured him near Sirte .	Libya has consistently said Gadhafi should be tried in the nation It says the Hague-based court does not have jurisdiction in the case Gadhafi has been held in the Libyan city of Zintan since his capture in 2011
Rolling Stone  -- A rare combination of angelic delicacy and extraordinary power , Art Garfunkel 's voice has lent reverie and wonder to songs for nearly 50 years . This two-CD set , lovingly curated by Garfunkel himself , collects 34 examples of his best work , beginning with Simon and Garfunkel classics such as "  The Sound of Silence " and "  Bridge Over Troubled Water " and moving through solo standouts like his gossamer version of the Beach Boys ' "  Disney Girls . " It 's a revelation from start to finish . One of "  The Singer 's " particular pleasures is its nonchronological sequence ; when a live rendition of "  For Emily , Wherever I May Find Her " surprisingly emerges between the elegant New York reminiscence of "  Perfect Moment " and Garfunkel 's duet with James Taylor on the Everly Brothers ' "  Crying in the Rain , " it hits with all its original power . Two previously unreleased songs , "  Lena " and "  Long Way Home , " stand up well in this impressive company . Finally , "  The Singer " is a masterpiece of subtlety . Garfunkel is obviously capable of bravura moments , as on Jimmy Webb 's "  Skywriter , " but he 's a master of restraint . This set 's impact , then , results from the numberless graceful choices Garfunkel makes as a performer , allowing his voice to serve these evocative songs while letting them serve as vehicles for his peerless voice . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	The two-CD set collects 34 examples of Art Garfunkel 's best work Two previously unreleased songs , "  Lena " and "  Long Way Home , " stand up well in this impressive company Garfunkel 's "  The Singer " is a masterpiece of subtlety
CNN  A Canadian man and an American woman have been arrested in what authorities said Saturday was a foiled plot to carry out a mass murder-suicide at a Nova Scotia mall on Valentine 's Day . The alleged plot , to spray a busy Halifax mall with gunfire , appeared to be motivated not by culture or ideology but by a small group 's desire to carry out a heinous crime , according to Canadian investigators . Lindsay Kantha Souvannarath , 23 , of Geneva , Illinois , and Randall Steven Shepherd , a 20-year-old from Halifax , were arrested early Friday , authorities said . They have been charged with conspiracy to commit murder . "  This group has been stopped and Halifax is a safe place , " said Brian Brennan , Nova Scotia Royal Canadian Mounted Police commanding officer . Police in Illinois executed a search warrant at Souvannarath 's Geneva home and multiple unspecified items were taken , authorities in the United States said Saturday . Authorities received a tip Thursday morning that Souvannarath and a 19-year-old Timberlea , Nova Scotia , man planned to go to a public location in Halifax with "  a goal of opening fire to kill citizens , and then themselves , " Brennan said . The 19-year-old suspect was found dead in a home , where three rifles were recovered , Brennan said . The dead man was not identified . Another person -- a 17-year-old described as a person of interest -- was released because of a lack of evidence , Brennan said . "  All indications that we 're getting from police is that this was not motivated ... by anything related to terrorism , " Canadian Justice Minister Peter MacKay told reporters . Souvannarath and Shepherd were arrested at about 2 a.m. Friday at Halifax Stanfield International Airport , Brennan said . The four people were described as friends , and Jean-Michel Blais , chief of the Halifax Regional Police , said the alleged plot had "  nothing to to with ethnic or political considerations . " The two suspects will appear in court on Tuesday . CNN 's Ralph Ellis contributed to this report .	Canadian authorities say they stopped a planned mass shooting at a mall Police commander Brian Brennan : "  This group has been stopped and Halifax is a safe place " A man and a woman charged with murder conspiracy , another suspect is found dead , police say
CNN  -- Virginia Johnson once told me something surprising about her famous partnership with Dr. William Masters , which helped revolutionize America 's understanding of human sexuality . Despite Masters and Johnson 's worldwide fame , "  We were absolutely the two most secretive people on the face of the Earth , " she said . "  There 's simply no one who knew us well . People have a lot of speculation , but they do n't know . " On Thursday , as I read the obituaries about Johnson 's death at age 88 , I was reminded of Virginia 's words . There 's a sense of marvel about her life story and how she managed to affect the lives and happiness of so many people , especially independent-minded women like herself who wanted to make their own decisions about sex outside the dictates of men . Johnson 's life seems like a modern-day Pygmalion story . Down on her luck , a twice-divorced women and with two kids , she went back to Washington University at age 32 looking for a degree . She was working as a secretary at the university-affiliated hospital in St. Louis when she met Masters , the top ob-gyn and fertility expert in town . A hard-driving , ambitious physician , Masters wanted very much to win a Nobel Prize for documenting clinically just how the human body responded during sex , so that medicine could come up with effective treatments for married couples having troubles in the bedroom . Bill realized he needed a female partner for such a risky venture . The few female doctors around in the 1950s did n't want to go near his potentially explosive experiment that could bring career ruin . Not even Masters ' wife -- with two young children at home in the suburbs -- wanted to get involved . Virginia changed everything . Almost immediately she showed a native genius for what made men and women tick , sexually and in matters of the heart . First as a dutiful associate and eventually as the full-fledged partner to Masters , Johnson convinced dozens of women and men -- nurses , residents , graduate students and various people around St. Louis -- to become part of their secretive decade-long study , the biggest sex experiment in U.S. history . Their work was published in 1966 in "  Human Sexual Response , " which outlined , in its own obtuse medicalese , just how the body worked during sex . Like cartographers , they mapped how each body part vibrated , sweated and became aroused during lovemaking . Without Virginia Johnson 's extraordinary zeal and persuasiveness , Masters conceded their study would have failed . To his everlasting credit , Bill gave "  Gini " credit for her remarkable contributions , far more than any male doctor in the 1950s would have done , sharing his byline with her on their first book . Time would underline Johnson 's impact even more . Despite their guarded language , the first book documented the power of female sexuality , showing that women were capable of multiple orgasms -- a veritable fireworks display -- compared to most men 's single firecracker . Their clinical evidence became part of the spark for America 's so-called sexual revolution of the 1960s and 1970s , reflected in everything from key feminist writings to Hugh Hefner 's Playboy magazine . Even the rosy women 's magazines , filled with recipes and homey bromides , began writing about sex , using the same clinical phrases that Masters and Johnson made acceptable in polite society . But Virginia 's impact became particularly evident in the duo 's second book , 1970 's "  Human Sexual Inadequacy , " which landed them on the cover of Time magazine and television talk shows . It was Virginia who largely developed the team 's "  sensate " therapy from a hodgepodge of influences -- including behaviorism , Freudian talking methods and even urology studies from other medical researchers -- that soon had couples flocking to their clinic for a cure for their sexual difficulties . That a woman without a degree had come up with such an effective approach heralding a quintessentially America quick-fix -- an 80 % success rate within a mere two weeks  as opposed to years on a Viennese analysts ' couch talking about your feelings about poor old Mother !  -- was galling to the medical establishment . Yet Masters and Johnson 's pioneering work created the modern sex therapy industry , with clinics around the world relying on their methods and wisdom to this day . Later in life , Virginia would say her 24/7 devotion to her research and their patients hurt both her relationship with her children and her marriage with Masters  they divorced in the 1990s shortly before their clinic closed  -- expressing this with the same regret some women today share in balancing work and family life . She was also concerned that their pioneering work on sex might be used by libertines to avoid the necessity of caring for their partners as real , loving human beings , rather than pornographic holograms in the bedroom . But mostly , Johnson became aware that many younger women today had adopted her independent-mindedness about sex , once so verboten in 1950s America . Only they , and not some fatherly figure in a white lab coat , would rule their bodies and set the terms for when , how and with whom they would share themselves . Johnson 's remarkable personal and professional adventures make her one of the most extraordinary American women of the 20th century . Her passing should remind us of just how great an impact her life had on all of us . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Thomas Maier .	Thomas Maier : Virginia Johnson , who has died , helped women take control of their sexuality From modest beginnings , she partnered with William Masters on revolutionary sex research She and Masters took on subjects not discussed , like women 's multiple orgasms Maier : Masters said their research depended on her ; she helped change the terms of sex
Mariposa , California  CNN  -- More than 2,000 firefighters rushed Tuesday to save hundreds of homes near Yosemite National Park , which are threatened by a blaze alarming for its size , speed and the fact it 's striking so early in California 's wildfire season . The Carstens Fire "  is exhibiting extreme behavior to include fire whirls and strong adverse winds , " reported California 's Department of Forestry and Fire Protection , which is known as CalFire . That has left many in the affected area on edge , including some told to grab whatever they can from their home and get to safety . Orlando Vigil is one of them , telling CNN affiliate KGPE that it 's been stressful for animals he took from his property to the Mariposa County Fairgrounds . They 're safe now , but he 's not so sure about his home . "  We 'll see if there 's anything when when we get back , " Vigil said . Summer wildfires are nothing new in California . But this one is happening weeks earlier than normal , and comes as parts of the state experience "  exceptional " dryness that could fuel flames . "  We usually see this sort of fire behavior in August . This is June , " said Gary Wuchner , fire spokesman for Yosemite National Park . "  It 's making us nervous . " The Carstens Wildfire was first spotted Sunday afternoon , after embers from a campfire that had n't been totally put out spread into surrounding forest . By Tuesday night , it had burned nearly 1,900 acres , of which 40 % was considered contained , according to CalFire . Some 2,200 fire personnel were working the scene , using 53 engines , 11 water tenders . eight bulldozers and other equipment . At least 800 structures are imperiled by the blaze , with some residents taking up shelter at Mariposa Elementary School . Red Cross officials are there with food , medical help and other basics . "  We also have a mental health worker to help those that are overstressed emotionally from the ordeal of being uprooted from their home , " Cindy Thomas of the Red Cross told KGPE . Not everyone is heeding the calls to evacuate , however . Among them is Paul "  Bear " Vasquez . More than 37 million people have viewed his YouTube video showing him becoming overjoyed and then breaking down at the site of a vibrant double rainbow over a mountain in 2010 . Today , that mountain is singed by the Carstens Fire . But Vasquez says he 's staying on the property he bought in 1998 , hacking out of the wilderness a spot for the home where he 's raised his children . "  I am the protector of this land , " he said . "  I am part of this place . It has magical powers and I ca n't leave . " CNN 's Miguel Marquez reported from Mariposa , California , and Greg Botelho reported and wrote this story from Atlanta .	NEW : The fire has burned nearly 1,900 acres and is 40 % contained More than 2,200 fire personnel are fighting Carstens Fire ; 800 structures threatened The blaze is striking in and around Mairposa County near Yosemite National Park The fire is happening weeks before the normal start of wildfire season in California
CNN  -- Soccer and technology do n't normally mix ; FIFA , the international football body , has long dragged its studded heels over efforts to introduce microchip sensors into match refereeing . So when Japan based its entire World Cup 2022 bid on a dazzling display of computer wizardry that does n't yet exist , it was taking a gamble . Japan , which is vying with Australia , Qatar , South Korea and the United States for the 2022 tournament , will find out on December 2 whether its ambitious proposal paid off . But any sense of victory will be tempered by the Herculean task the country now faces in trying to turn a package of ideas , which appear to be stolen wholesale from science fiction , into science fact . At the heart of Japan 's bid is a plan to broadcast entire games to stadiums on the other side of the world in what appears to be life-sized holograms . Promotional videos shown on the 2022 bid website show ghostly players chasing the ball while crowds of fans look on -- reminiscent of the classic Princess Leia hologram scene in "  Star Wars . " Japanese organizers say each game will be filmed by 200 high definition cameras , which will use "  freeviewpoint " technology to allow fans to see the action unfold from a player 's eye view -- the kind of images until now only seen in video games . Meanwhile on the terraces , supporters will be able to use in-ear computerized translators to talk freely to fans from other countries -- a device that mimics the "  Star Trek 's " universal translators or the Babel Fish of "  Hitch Hiker 's Guide to the Galaxy . " "  We think that now it 's time to give something back to the world , and our starting point is to deliver the joy of football not only to the hosting country but all over the world , " says Suminori Gokoh , director of the 2022 bid committee . But can Japan actually deliver on these fantastic promises ? And will they really enhance the enjoyment of what is already known as the beautiful game ? With limited information on how they intend to achieve their goals , leading scientists in the field of three dimensional and holographic television have been left slightly perplexed over the proposals . "  The ` freeviewpoint ' is definitely going to be feasible , there 's a lot of work being done on that , " said Phil Surman , a scientist working on 3D television projects at Britain 's De Montfort University in Leicester . "  But the rest is rather speculative . " While 3D broadcasts that do n't rely on special glasses  known as auto-stereoscopic television  are currently possible , these involve projecting twin images directly at individuals . Viewers must remain in one spot or wear tracking devices to ensure the images are beamed at them . Says Surman , while this is possible for small groups , it 's tricky on a larger scale . "  I really ca n't see how that can be done , " he told CNN . Professor John Watson , a 3D television expert at Aberdeen University , agreed it was unlikely on a large scale . "  There has to be head tracking , so if you move your head the images has to move with you and you 're not going to keep your head in position during a football match -- you 're going to jump up and down , particularly if your home team scores . "  There 's also an obstacle with nausea , some people looking at these autostereoscopic displays can become disorientated , there are human factors like that which have to be taken into account . " Professor Nasser Peyghambarian , whose team at the University of Arizona recently succeeded in producing rudimentary moving holographic images , is more optimistic . "  This is very aggressive planning , but I actually like it because they put a stick in the ground . But they are proposing something that does n't exist right now and they 're proposing to do it in 12 years , " he told CNN . "  I believe it is achievable , The only question that remains to me is is it going to be affordable to the public ? " But what will the fans think ? Says Jonathan Wilson , football obsessive and author of "  Inverting the Pyramid : A History of Football Tactics , " they 'll love it , but only if they really care about the game . "  Speaking as a tactics geek , the problem watching games on television is it 's very hard to see the shape of the teams so if you 're trying to assess the way the game 's going , if you 're trying to assess the space , how a team 's shape 's doing and their defense and organization , then this will clearly be beneficial . "  Whether most fans will care about this I do n't know . " While real-time language interpretation might be more achievable given that computers are already capable of handling basic translations , linguists speculate they could have trouble handling football 's unique vernacular . Says Damian Fitzpatrick , who runs a language website that focuses on the phraseology of football , the idioms deployed by fans are often baffling to speakers of the same language . "  Some of my north American colleagues have difficulty with certain football phrases such as ` early doors ; ' ` gatecrash the top four ' and , of course , why is it that parrots are the sickest of all creatures ? " he told CNN . Despite the ambitious scope of the 2022 proposal , there is one problem that not even Japan 's scientists have come up with a solution to : how to silence to Vuvuzela .	Japan says it will broadcast World Cup 2022 games in "  full court " 3D Proposal includes real time translators for fans to talk to each other Scientists say they are unsure whether ambitious promises could be realized
It 's a tiny country of 5 1/2 million people , but suddenly Denmark feels like the most happening place on the planet . First , a Copenhagen restaurant few people had heard of was voted best in the world -- and held on to the title for three years in a row . Then Danish TV dramas "  The Killing " and "  Borgen " captured the imagination of a worldwide audience . And now designers Malene Birger , Ivan Grundahl and a new generation coming up behind them are taking the international fashion scene by storm . "  Wonderful , wonderful Copenhagen , " trilled Danny Kaye in his movie portrayal of Denmark 's famous fairytale author , Hans Christian Andersen . And it is wonderful -- though there 's a lot more to the Danish capital than the beautiful little harbor surrounded by quaint townhouses that drew Andersen to the city nearly 200 years ago . Great experiences awaiting the curious traveler in Copenhagen include : Nicely tickled taste buds Noma , thrice voted world 's best restaurant , may be solidly booked for months , but there are other places to sample the New Nordic cuisine this rustic eatery has inspired . The main principle is super-fresh Scandinavian produce , inventively prepared . Check out Relae , opened by an ex-Noma chef , as well as Radio , Aamann 's , Geranium and Nimb Louise . At the other end of the spectrum is traditional fare such as smorrebrod  delicious open sandwiches  and crisp , buttery Danish pastries that put mass-produced imitations to shame . Lagkagehuset is the pace for great Danish , as popular to start the day in Copenhagen as a post-partying hot dog is to end the night . Locals swear by John 's Hot Dog Deli on bustling Axeltorv Square , and get their dog slathered with remoulade sauce , raw and fried onions as well as ketchup . CNN 's travel Photo of the Day A walk on the wild side Many tourists do n't get far beyond picturesque Nyhavn , where in summer you can barely move along the cobbled harbor lined with colorful old houses and restaurants . But thanks to "  The Killing , " bolder travelers are taking walking tours of the show 's Vesterbro locations and exploring other edgy neighborhoods . Once a red-light district , Vesterbro has gentrified and is now the hippest residential area in town as well as a center of lively nightlife . Head for the old meat-packing plant , now an art venue , and keep going till you hit the White Town -- the meat-packing district and now home to popular late-night hangouts such as Karriere and the Fiskebar . Edgier yet is Christiania , taken over by hippies 40 years ago and an official "  free town " in the heart of the city . Residents decorate their public buildings with amazing graffiti and have built spectacular family homes around a lake . Despite the alternative activities taking place , tourists will come to no harm -- so long as they respect the strict no photography policy . The Nemoland outdoor bar puts on free weekend concerts May through August . Awe-inspiring American castles Shopping till you drop Stroget , Europe 's longest pedestrian street , is lined with great boutiques -- check out Ivan Grundahl , whose clothes look more Japanese than Danish , and the two big department stores , Illum and Magasin du Nord . For more eclectic finds , stroll down Store Strandstraede , just off the main tourist center of Nyhavn , for antiques and unique housewares as well as fashion , and also check out Kronprinsensgade and Elmegade . FN92 on Larsbjoernstraede is considered one of the city 's finest vintage fashion emporia , while Georg Jensen is Copenhagen 's world-famous silversmith . A treat for your inner child Given the affection for Andersen 's fairy tales , it 's no surprise Copenhagen 's most-visited attraction is the tiny statue of the Little Mermaid on the waterfront . And another is the nearly 170-year-old Tivoli Gardens , a lovely amusement park that offers beautiful gardens , a pantomime theater and top restaurants as well as truly fearsome-looking fright rides . Copenhagen also has a state-of-the-art zoo and clean outdoor swimming pools in the harbor with lifeguards and special sections for children . Five places to find mermaids A feast for the eyes Danish design is world-famous -- think Arne Jacobsen , Bodum and Bang & Olufsen -- and Copenhagen has some spectacular buildings , too . The Old Stock Exchange is a striking 17th-century blend of red brick and curlicued green gables , while the Royal Hotel , designed for SAS airline by Jacobsen in the late 1950s , has a lobby full of his iconic midcentury modern Swan and Egg chairs . The Hotel Astoria , next to the ugly Central Station , made headlines when it opened in 1935 boasting Copenhagen 's first revolving doors . Despite a faded exterior , it 's had updates to become a modern budget hotel . In a more traditional vein , the Admiral Hotel is a superb conversion of an 18th-century warehouse , with half its rooms overlooking the harbor . Striking ultra-modern buildings include Copenhagen 's Black Diamond conference center on the waterfront . A road trip to the former Denmark across the bridge The southern tip of Sweden used to be Danish , and still looks it , so no wonder Copenhagen locals scoot across the bridge connecting the two countries on weekends to eat in the province of Skane , known for its organic farms , pottery and fine restaurants as well as its wild beauty . The lively town of Malmo , Sweden , can be reached by train in half an hour , but it 's worth renting a car to explore both the area on the Danish side north of Copenhagen , where the Louisiana Museum of Modern Art is a main attraction , and the lovely coastal countryside of southern Sweden . Skane will be familiar to fans of the Kurt Wallander books and TV series , which are set there . One of Skane 's newest attractions is the charming little rustic restaurant of Daniel Berlin , tipped to succeed Noma as the next king of Nordic cuisine . Three top tips • Get an overview from a canal boat ; tours leave every hour from Nyhavn and provide an excellent opportunity to see Copenhagen from the water . • Pay extreme care when getting out of a taxi ; Copenhagen roads have two curbs , and only one of them is designed for pedestrians . The curb where taxis pull up separates vehicles from a busy cycle path -- not from the sidewalk . • Join Copenhagen 's hordes of cyclists by getting on a free city bike . You 'll require a 20 Danish kroner coin -- around $ 3 -- as refundable deposit , and must remember not to cycle after dark or in the city 's parks . For information , check out www.visitcopenhagen.com .	Copenhagen 's New Nordic cuisine and sophisticated design lure travelers The Danish city also has a playful side with its famous Little Mermaid and Tivoli Gardens For a side trip , rent a car to drive north from Copenhagen or to neighboring Skane in Sweden
