CNN  -- Award-winning photojournalist James Nachtwey was one of five photographers commissioned by the International Committee of the Red Cross  ICRC  to capture images of life in some of the world 's most troubled countries . Alberto Cairo , director of the Kabul Orthopedic Center , helps an amputee adjust to a prosthetic . The project took him to the ICRC Orthopedic Center in Kabul , Afghanistan , a place he describes as "  a kind of miracle , " and a refuge from the harsh reality of life in the country 's war-torn capital . More than 40,000 patients have been treated at the center since it opened in 1988 , including 30,000 amputees . The center operates under the direction of Alberto Cairo , a lawyer-turned-physiotherapist from Piedmont , Italy who has been working in Afghanistan since 1989 . Watch video of the Orthopedic Center " He is shown here in the photo , checking the alignment of an amputee 's prosthesis to make sure that he stands straight . Nachtwey 's photos of the Kabul Orthopedic Center are being displayed in the ICRC exhibition , "  Our World -- At War , " which opened in New York , Geneva and more than 40 countries in early May . It also features photos Nachtwey took in Central Mindanao in the Philippines and pictures by other leading photojournalists including Ron Haviv , Franco Pagetti , Christopher Morris and Antonin Kratochvil . Watch what is being done for landmine victims " See photos Ron Haviv took in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Haiti . See Franco Pagetti 's photos from Lebanon . The exhibition is part of the Our world . Your move . campaign , which is being conducted with the the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies as part of the 150th anniversary of the Battle of Solferino which is considered to be where the idea of the Red Cross was started . Have you been affected by conflict ? Send your photos and stories to iReport .	Photojournalist James Nachtwey talks about the Kabul Orthopedic Center He went there on behalf of the International Committee of the Red Cross His photos appear in a global ICRC exhibition "  Our World -- At War " It 's part of the Our World . Your Move . campaign to mark 150 years of the Red Cross
States that have legalized marijuana for managing chronic pain have significantly fewer deaths from prescription painkiller overdoses each year , according to a new study published Monday in JAMA Internal Medicine . Researchers looked at medical marijuana laws and death certificate data in all 50 states between 1999 and 2010 . During that time , just 13 states had medical marijuana laws in place . "  We found there was about a 25 % lower rate of prescription painkiller overdose deaths on average after implementation of a medical marijuana law , " lead study author Dr. Marcus Bachhuber said . In 2010 alone , he said , states with medical marijuana laws had approximately 1,700 fewer overdose deaths than would have been expected based on the numbers before such laws were passed . Bachhuber , a primary care doctor at the Philadelphia Veterans Affairs Medical Center , has treated many chronic pain patients . "  It can be challenging for people to control chronic pain , so I think the more options we have the better , " he said . "  But I think it 's important , of course , to weigh the risks and benefits of medical marijuana . " Opioid analgesics are a class of drug that includes painkillers like morphine , oxycodone and methadone . According to the study , the number of patients in the United States with chronic pain who get prescriptions for one of these drugs has nearly doubled over the last 10 years , and overdose rates have risen dramatically . Statistics from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention tell the story of a problem they say is now an epidemic : Deaths from drug overdose have been rising steadily over the past two decades and have become the leading cause of injury death in the United States . In 2011 , 55 % of drug overdose deaths were related to prescription medications ; 75 % of those involved opioid analgesics . "  Prescription drug abuse and deaths due to overdose have emerged as national public health crises , " said Colleen Barry , a senior author on the study and associate professor at Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health . "  As our awareness of the addiction and overdose risks ... grows , individuals with chronic pain and their medical providers may be opting to treat pain entirely or in part with medical marijuana . " Twenty-three states and the District of Columbia currently have medical marijuana laws on the books . They address a gamut of conditions -- from cancer , HIV , multiple sclerosis to glaucoma -- where cannabis provides relief . In most states , chronic or severe pain is the primary reason . According to the American Academy of Pain Medicine , more than 1.5 billion people worldwide suffer from chronic pain , including 100 million Americans . The academy 's website describes chronic pain this way : "  Chronic pain persists . Pain signals keep firing in the nervous system for weeks , months , even years . There may have been an initial mishap -- sprained back , serious infection , or there may be an ongoing cause of pain -- arthritis , cancer , ear infection , but some people suffer chronic pain in the absence of any past injury or evidence of body damage . " Dr. Lynn Webster , a past president of the academy , said he 's not surprised by the study results or that marijuana might be a safer alternative to opioids for some people . "  AAPM believes that we need to do research on cannabinoids to determine its safety and efficacy , " he said . "  The problem with medical marijuana is that we never know using marijuana what chemicals are being ingested . That makes it really unpredictable , but the use of cannabinoids may well have a place in the treatment of pain and other diseases . The AAPM believes that the DEA should reschedule cannabinoids from Schedule I to Schedule II so that it will make it easier for research to be conducted . " Kevin Sabet , director of the University of Florida 's Drug Policy Institute , called the study flawed . He says although the study controlled for other possible explanations for the lower opiate death rate in medical marijuana states , it left out some of the most critical possible alternative explanations . "  The study failed to examine the influence of expanded methadone and buprenorphine programs in states , or the possible influence of major law enforcement interventions  e.g. pill mill shut downs and major operations by DEA in states like Florida  , or even Naltrexone utilization , " Sabet wrote in an e-mail to CNN . "  The study also did not take into account prevention campaigns or strategies . " The researchers say the link between medical marijuana laws and overdose deaths is not completely clear , and admit there were some limitations to the study . For example , death certificates may not classify overdose deaths correctly and opioid analgesics reporting on these certificates may differ state-to-state . Bachhuber said more research is needed before any recommendations can be made . "  We ca n't know directly the underlying mechanism of our findings , but based on what we know , we think it could be due to safer treatment of chronic pain , " Bachhuber said . "  We found that medical marijuana laws might provide unexpected benefits to public health . As more states pass these laws , it will be important to continue collecting information to see if what we found may be happening in other states as well . " Opinion : Why marijuana 's moment has arrived Federal marijuana bill would legalize some cannabis strains	23 states and Washington have legalized medical marijuana in some form Study finds 25 % lower rate of prescription painkiller overdose deaths in states with these laws Drug overdoses have become the leading cause of injury death in the United States
CNN  -- Extreme natural events , not man-made climate change , led to last summer 's historic drought in the Great Plains , a new federal study said Friday . Drought occurred in six Plains states between last May and August because moist Gulf of Mexico air "  failed to stream northward in late spring , " and summer storms were few and stingy with rainfall , said a report by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . "  Neither ocean states nor human-induced climate change , factors that can provide long-lead predictability , appeared to play significant roles in causing severe rainfall deficits over the major corn-producing regions of central Great Plains , " the report summary said . The drought in Wyoming , Colorado , Kansas , Nebraska , South Dakota and North Dakota was the worst since record keeping began in 1895 , even eclipsing the notorious Dust Bowl droughts of 1934 and 1936 , said study leader Martin Hoerling , a NOAA meteorologist . "  The event was rare , and we estimated maybe a once in a couple of hundred years event , " Hoerling said . "  But for as extreme as it was , it did n't have any strong indications for early warning . "  It 's highly unlikely that this upcoming May to August will be as dry as last year 's , " he said , referring to the six states . Although he believes in global warming , Hoerling said greenhouse gas concentrations were n't behind the heat wave in the Midwest region . "  I 'm an advocate of global warming because science tells me that greenhouse gases have warmed the planet by about 1 degree Celsius in the last 100 years . So there 's no question about that , " he said . "  But the science also tells that every drought that 's occurring is n't a result of climate change . " Last summer 's dryness had caused at least $ 12 billion in economic losses , as of last July , before the drought peaked , the study said . Crop yields and commerce on major rivers fell during the sweltering weather , the report said . "  It remains to be seen if the economic effects of the 2012 drought will approach prior events , including the 1988 drought that inflicted $ 78 billion in losses and the 1980 event that caused $ 56 billion in losses  adjusted for inflation to 2012 dollars  , " the report said . The study was prepared by 20 scientists from several universities and NOAA . "  It was highly vetted through a review process , " Hoerling said of the study . A climate scientist disputed the study 's findings and said it failed to address the role of global warming in an appropriate way . "  The analysis failed to take account of the record low snow pack in the Southwest , the development of the drought there and the record high temperatures , the inadequacies of the models used , or why there was no monsoon , " said Kevin Trenberth of the National Center for Atmospheric Research , a federally funded facility . "  We know that drought forms naturally , but the role of global warming , via the extra heat available ... is to increase the intensity of the drought , and thus the subsequent heat waves and wildfire risk , " Trenberth said . "  The study does not answer why there were so any records broken last year throughout the U.S. " Major snow disappoints with minor moisture Hundreds of U.S. counties labeled disaster areas due to drought 2012 broke U.S. heat records How severe weather affects food supply	NEW : Climate scientist disputes study findings "  Every drought that 's occurring is n't a result of climate change , " author says Study found a lack of moist air from Gulf of Mexico and "  severe rainfall deficits " The drought in six Great Plains states was the worst since records began in 1895
CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will this week make her first visit to South Sudan , a nation barely one year old that is locked in a bitter dispute with its northern neighbor , as part of a six-country tour of Africa . Clinton sets off Tuesday on the 11-day trip , which is intended to emphasize U.S. efforts to strengthen democracy , encourage economic growth and further peace and security in Africa , Victoria Nuland , a State Department spokeswoman , said in a statement Monday . The visit begins in Senegal , a small country on Africa 's west coast that has been an outpost of democratic stability in a region with a history of electoral chaos , civil wars and coups . Despite outbreaks of violence in Senegal earlier this year surrounding former President Abdoulaye Wade 's decision to seek a controversial third term in office , power passed peacefully to the eventual victor in the presidential election , Macky Sall . Clinton will meet with Sall and "  deliver a speech applauding the resilience of Senegal 's democratic institutions and highlighting America 's approach to partnership , " Nuland said . The secretary of state will then travel to one of the tensest areas of Africa : South Sudan , which has edged close to full-scale war with Sudan , the nation from which it separated in July 2011 after decades of bloody conflict . The two African countries still disagree over the demarcation of the border between them and the transportation and processing of oil from South Sudan , which obtained around 70 % of the formerly united country 's reserves when it became independent . The U.N. Security Council is pressuring the countries to find a peaceful resolution of the disputes . Border clashes have displaced at least 150,000 people and created a huge humanitarian crisis . While in South Sudan , Clinton will meet President Salva Kiir in order to "  reaffirm U.S. support and to encourage progress in negotiations with Sudan to reach agreement on issues related to security , oil and citizenship , " Nuland said . Clinton 's next stop is Uganda , where the authorities are dealing with an outbreak of the highly infectious Ebola virus that has killed at least 14 people this month . Uganda is "  a key U.S. partner in promoting regional security , particularly in regard to Somalia and in regional efforts to counter the Lord 's Resistance Army , " Nuland said . A highly effective celebrity-backed social media campaign earlier this year by the nonprofit group Invisible Children focused worldwide attention on the Lord 's Resistance Army and its leader , the fugitive warlord Joseph Kony . The African Union has stepped up efforts this year to capture Kony , deploying 5,000 troops in March after a resurgence in attacks by his forces displaced thousands of people in Uganda , South Sudan , the Democratic Republic of Congo and the Central African Republic , according to U.N. estimates . Kony is wanted by the International Criminal Court at the Hague for war crimes and crimes against humanity , stemming in part from allegations of his vicious tactics to conscript children as soldiers and sex slaves in his army . President Barack Obama ordered 100 troops to central Africa last year to help in the hunt for Kony . The troops are advising regional forces . After Uganda , Clinton will visit Kenya , where she will meet local officials , as well as Sheikh Sharif Ahmed , president of the transitional government of Somalia , which is trying to emerge from years of civil war . Security appears to be improving in Somalia , long considered a failed state , since African Union troops pushed Al-Shabaab , an Islamic militant group affiliated with al Qaeda , out of central Mogadishu last year after prolonged urban fighting . Clinton will then head south to Malawi where she will "  discuss economic and political governance , " Nuland said . Lastly , she will visit South Africa to participate in a strategic dialogue between the two countries and pay her respects to Nelson Mandela , the former president . The frail icon has not appeared in public for years , but he was celebrated worldwide on his 94th birthday earlier this month for his role in reconciling a country torn apart by apartheid .	South Sudan , the world 's youngest country , is in conflict with Sudan Clinton 's visit aims to encourage negotiations between the two sides She will also travel to Uganda , which is dealing with an Ebola virus outbreak While in Kenya , Clinton will meet the leader of Somalia 's transitional government
LA PAZ , Bolivia  CNN  -- Heads of South American nations lent support Monday night to President Evo Morales of Bolivia , who says opposition leaders are trying to overthrow his government . Indigenous people from El Alto , Bolivia , take part in an anti-U.S. demonstration in La Paz on Monday . Confronting their first crisis , members of the four-month-old Union of South American Countries voted to create a commission to support Morales ' democratically elected government , said President Michelle Bachelet of Chile . She read a nine-point statement on Chilean TV that calls for the support of human rights and democracy and the preservation of Bolivia 's territorial integrity . The statement condemns any attempts to overthrow the government . It also said the new commission would investigate a reported massacre in the Bolivian state of Pando , where violent clashes killed 30 people last week . Those clashes pitted supporters of eastern governors who want autonomy against the central government . The South American leaders also urged dialogue to address disputes in Bolivia . Morales attended the emergency meeting of the union , which is modeled on the European Union and aims to politically and economically integrate South American countries . The president is poised to approve the start of negotiations between his leftist government and opposition leaders of five provinces who demand greater autonomy and the cancellation of a constitutional referendum that would give the president more power . The opposition also is angry over tax money that Morales is diverting from the provinces to fund elderly programs . Morales said the opposition leaders are trying to overthrow the government . "  This is a coup in the past few days by the leaders of some provinces , with the takeover of some institutions , the sacking and robbery of some government institutions and attempts to assault the national police and the armed forces , " Morales said . Opposition leaders say they merely want their demands met . Police kept order Monday during a march by about 2,000 pro-government groups opposed to the violence in the provinces . The demonstrators marched past the U.S. Embassy in La Paz . Morales expelled the U.S. ambassador to Bolivia last week , blaming the American government for inciting the violence . The United States called the accusations "  false and baseless " and said Bolivia was making a "  grave mistake . " Most of South America 's leaders attended Monday 's emergency summit , with the exception of President Alan Garcia of Peru . Protest leaders asked to attend the summit in Santiago , Chile , but it was limited to heads of state . The protests started 21 days ago in Pando , Beni , Santa Cruz , Tarija and Chuquisaca provinces . The opposition groups have blockaded major roads and threaten to disrupt the nation 's natural gas shipments , particularly to Brazil and Argentina . Anti-government protesters also have clashed with police and taken over offices and buildings in the five provinces . Watch some of the violent demonstrations across Bolivia " Much of the violence has taken place in Pando -- Morales declared martial law there Friday . On Monday , supporters of Morales , or his so-called militias , were gathering in Santa Cruz , and threatening to encircle the city , stoking fears that blood could be shed there . In Pando , it was reported that arbitrary arrests were taking place as the military took to the streets . Houses had been broken into and shot up , and civic leaders were fleeing to Brazil . It was uncertain , meanwhile , whether the Bolivian military remained solely behind Morales . Some signs of divisions had been seen within the military . Opposition leaders say they will not negotiate if there are any more deaths . Vice President Alvaro Garcia said the government will not negotiate about the dead citizens but will rigorously pursue those responsible for the killings . There are conflicting reports over who killed the 30 peasants . Opposition leaders say the peasants were ambushed by local forces . The government says the peasants were armed and initiated the firefight . The opposition has offered to lift the blockades as a goodwill gesture , but the government demanded that the protesters also relinquish the buildings and other property they have seized . Morales , Bolivia 's first indigenous president , was elected in December 2005 . CNN 's Ione Molinares and Journalist Martin Arostegui contributed to this report .	NEW : Bolivian president to return home to approve negotiations with provinces South American nation have met to discuss violence in Bolivia At least 30 people killed during past week of protests Violence is centered in the eastern province of Pando
Tacloban , Philippines  CNN  -- The Philippines struggled to bury the dead and get food , water and medicine to the living Tuesday , four days after Super Typhoon Haiyan claimed untold lives and flattened countless buildings . "  Right now , we do n't have enough water , " typhoon survivor Roselda Sumapit told CNN in Tacloban , a city of more than 200,000 that was flattened by the storm . What they can get may not be clean , she said -- but she added , "  We still drink it , because we need to survive . " The government 's confirmed death toll was 1,774 early Tuesday , said Jose Lampe Cuisa Jr. , the Philippine ambassador to the United States . The storm has injured 2,487 more , and displaced 660,000 people from their homes . Government officials have said they fear the final toll may be as many as 10,000 . Corpses -- some crudely covered , others left exposed to the burning sun -- added another hellish element to survival in Tacloban , the capital of the southern island province of Leyte . "  We have bodies in the water , bodies on the bridges , bodies on the side of the road , " said Richard Gordon , chairman of the Philippine Red Cross . Tacloban Mayor Alfred Romualdez said authorities there have confirmed 250 deaths and expect that toll to climb . "  A lot of bodies were mixed up with all the rubble and debris , and we 're getting reports also of some houses that were buried . And we see some bodies floating , " Romualdez said . Another 14 people were reported to have died in Vietnam , where the storm made landfall after hitting the Philippines , the country 's National Search and Rescue Committee reported early Tuesday . Another four were missing and 81 hurt , it said . And there were at least five storm-related deaths in southern China , where heavy rains caused flooding , destroyed houses and damaged farmland , the state-run Xinhua news agency reported . In the Phillipines , troops and aid organizations battled blocked roads to deliver help and search for survivors in the splintered wreckage of homes . Tomoo Hozumi , the Philippines representative of the U.N. children 's agency UNICEF , said food , shelter , clean water and basic sanitation were "  in a severe shortage " early Tuesday . "  The situation on the ground is very hideous , " he told CNN 's The Situation Room . The Philippine government reported early Tuesday that 2.5 million people needed food aid , including nearly 300,000 pregnant women or new mothers . "  Our house got demolished . My father died after being hit by falling wooden debris , " one woman told the Philippine television network ANC . "  We are calling for your help . If possible , please bring us food . We do n't have anything to eat . " International aid was beginning to work its way to the stricken islands . But Martin Romualdez , the area 's congressman , said authorities need help clearing roads where power lines , trees and whole houses are "  literally strewn across the pavement of the highway . " Romualdez , the cousin of Tacloban 's mayor , said airdrops may be needed to reach towns beyond Tacloban . "  We ca n't wait . People have gone three days without any clean water , food and medication , " he told CNN 's Piers Morgan Live . "  People are getting desperate . There 's an exodus out of the storm-ravaged areas . People are just trying to make their way out , and it 's causing a big , big jam on the main arteries that are used to get to these people . " Gordon said the threat of landslides and flash flooding further complicated the problem , and said police were needed to guard aid shipments : "  Any truck , any helicopter that lands is going to be surrounded by people in need , " he told CNN 's Anderson Cooper 360 . Compounding the misery , a new tropical depression dumped heavy rain on the area Tuesday morning . The system , dubbed Zoraida by the Philippine meteorological agency , was centered southeast of the southern island of Mindanao , moving northwest with top winds of 55 kilometers per hour  35 mph  . Dramatic vignettes show desperation , hope ` Worse than hell ' Haiyan struck Friday , sending a wall of water crashing into neighborhoods of wooden houses along the Gulf of Leyte and flinging large ships ashore like toys . Its top winds were estimated at 315 kph  195 mph  -- a figure that could set a new record for tropical cyclones if confirmed . Magina Fernandez , who was trying to get out of Tacloban at the city 's crippled airport , described the situation there as "  worse than hell . " "  Get international help to come here now -- not tomorrow , now , " she said , directing some of her anger at Philippine President Benigno Aquino III , who toured some of the hardest-hit areas Sunday . Aid pledges began to pour in on Monday -- $ 25 million from the United Nations , 3 million euros  $ 4 million  from the European Union , 10 million pounds  $ 16 million  from Britain and $ 10 million from the United Arab Emirates , home to a large population of expatriate Filipino workers . U.N. and U.S. civilian disaster assessment teams were on the scene . U.S. Marines based in Japan worked to outfit Tacloban 's shattered airport with lights , radar and other gear to allow it to operate 24 hours a day . The United States also announced that the aircraft carrier USS George Washington and three escort ships have been dispatched to the Philippines to assist in recovery efforts . Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel has ordered the carrier to head for the islands at "  best speed " from Hong Kong , where it was on a port visit , the Pentagon said . Two other American vessels , including a supply ship , are already headed for the Phillippines , the Pentagon said . The U.S. Agency for International Development is sending emergency shelter materials and basic hygiene supplies to aid 10,000 families as well as 55 metric tons of emergency rations sufficient to feed 20,000 children and 15,000 adults for up to five days . Both shipments were expected to arrive this week , the agency said . And British Prime Minister David Cameron announced Monday night that his government was also sending a cargo plane and the destroyer HMS Daring to assist , he said . Typhoon Haiyan : Reports from the field Difficult to assess death toll But Tacloban is far from the only devastated area . Authorities are trying to establish the level of destruction elsewhere along Haiyan 's path , and other settlements along the coast are likely to have suffered a similar fate to Tacloban 's . Interactive map of the storm Aid workers said the recovery from Haiyan will take many months . "  This disaster on such a scale will probably have us working for the next year , " said Sandra Bulling , international communications officer for the aid agency CARE . "  Fishermen have lost their boats . Crops are devastated . This is really the basic income of many people . " Across the Gulf of Leyte lies Samar , where Haiyan made its first of six deadly landfalls on the Philippines on Friday . Government and aid officials say they are still trying to reach many affected communities on that island . A similar challenge exists farther west , on the islands of Cebu and Panay , which also suffered direct hits from the typhoon . Aquino declared a "  state of national calamity , " which allows more latitude in rescue and recovery operations and gives the government power to set the prices of basic goods . Authorities are funneling aid on military planes to Tacloban 's airport , which resumed limited commercial flights Monday . As aid workers , government officials and journalists came in , hundreds of residents waited in long lines hoping to get out . Tacloban stadium before and after ` They 've lost everything ' The problems are the same in other stricken regions . "  The main challenges right now are related to logistics , " said Praveen Agrawal of the U.N. 's World Food Programme , who returned to Manila from the affected areas Sunday . "  Roads are blocked , airports are destroyed . " The need for food and water has led to increasingly desperate efforts . People have broken into grocery and department stores in Tacloban , and local businessman Richard Young said he and others had formed a group to protect their businesses . "  We have our firearms . We will shoot within our property , " he said . Authorities have sent police and military reinforcements to try to bring the situation under control . Another dire scene played out in the city 's only functioning hospital over the weekend . Doctors could n't admit any more wounded victims because there was n't enough room . Some injured lay in the hospital 's cramped hallways seeking treatment . "  We have n't anything left to help people with , " one doctor said . "  We have to get supplies in immediately . " Complicating the search efforts is the lack of electricity in many parts of the storm 's path . The northern part of Bogo , in the central Philippines , suffered a blackout Sunday , and authorities said it will take months to restore power . Storm moves onto Vietnam Meteorologists said it will take further analysis to confirm whether Haiyan -- with gusts reported at first landfall to be up to 235 mph  375 kph  -- set a record . After leaving the Philippines , the storm lost power as it moved across the South China Sea over the weekend . It hit the coast of northern Vietnam early Monday and weakened as it moved inland . Vietnamese authorities had evacuated 800,000 people ahead of the typhoon , according to the United Nations . Aid workers said Vietnam was likely to avoid damage on the scale suffered by the Philippines but warned that heavy rain brought could cause flooding and landslides in northern Vietnam and southern China . Philippines gets more than its share of disasters Paula Hancocks and Ivan Watson reported from Tacloban ; Matt Smith reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Jethro Mullen , Catherine E. Shoichet , Neda Farshbaf , Andrew Stevens , Kristie Lu Stout , Aliza Kassim , Kevin Wang , Jessica King , Pedram Javaheri , David Simpson and Yousuf Basil contributed to this report .	NEW : Disaster management agency says 2,487 people have been injured 1,774 people are confirmed dead from Haiyan Another 14 dead in Vietnam and five in China , those governments say International relief heads for stricken islands , but roads a problem
Dresden , Germany  CNN  -- The German city of Dresden waited anxiously Thursday to see if the swollen River Elbe , which has brought misery to thousands in the Czech Republic , would breach its flood defenses . The river is expected to crest in Dresden late Thursday or early Friday . It is running at about 8.5 meters , compared with a normal average of 2 meters , and is likely to reach about 9 meters  30 feet  when the flow peaks . CNN iReport : See floods through a volunteer 's eyes The city is just one of many across central Europe to face the prospect of the worst floods since the devastating inundations of 2002 . The streets of the nearby historic town of Meissen are under several feet of water ahead of the river 's peak , affecting homes and businesses , and forcing the evacuation of some 4,500 people . Although the sky is mostly clear , heavy rain at the weekend after a wet spring has filled the region 's rivers to bursting point . More rain is forecast for the coming weekend . The flooding has caused at least 15 deaths across the region and forced the evacuation of tens of thousands of people from their homes in the Czech Republic and Germany . The peak of the flood wave from the Czech Republic along the Elbe is expected in the eastern German states of Saxony and Saxony-Anhalt , the European Commission said . Some 15,000 people had been evacuated from their homes in Saxony and 3,300 in Saxony-Anhalt as of early Thursday , it said . A possible evacuation of 30,000 people from Halle , near Leipzig , is also being planned . Authorities in Saxony said at least 3.5 million sandbags have been filled and deployed in flood defenses in Dresden and surrounding towns . After passing through Dresden , the Elbe 's floodwater will continue to flow to the north and west and should reach Torgau , in Saxony , and Wittenberg , in Saxony-Anhalt , over the weekend , said CNN meteorologist Brandon Miller . If the crest occurs as forecast in Wittenberg it will pass the record high measured in 2002 , Miller said . Preparations are also under way further north , in the states of Brandenburg and Mecklenburg-Vorpommern . Rising Danube The Danube , another of Europe 's great rivers , has caused major flooding in southern Germany and Austria , and the crest now menaces towns and cities downstream in Slovakia . Felipe Bezerra , a 33-year-old university student , went to a bridge in Vienna , Austria , overlooking the Danube to see the surging torrent . He told CNN iReport he was struck by the sound and force of boats ' motors , all straining against the steadily rising floodwater . In Austria , efforts are focused on the River Danube in the province of Lower Austria , said the European Commission 's emergency response center . River levels are declining across the country but roads , railway connections and river transport remain affected . Four people are reported to have died and three are missing in Austria , it said . Villages and suburbs around the Slovakian capital , Bratislava , about 35 miles from Vienna , are already experiencing severe river floods , the European Commission said . The area is threatened by both the Danube and the Morava . A state of emergency has been declared in Bratislava , where the Danube is expected to rise further on Thursday , Slovakian fire department spokeswoman Silvia Jancovicova told CNN Thursday . Boats were used to evacuate 25 people , including a child , in the Devin neighborhood of the capital , she said . No deaths have yet been confirmed in Slovakia , Jancovicova said . The water level in Bratislava should start falling by midday Friday , Miller said . However , high flood warnings are posted for the entire Danube in lower Slovakia along the border with Hungary until Monday . In Germany , the situation has stabilized along the Danube , the European Commission 's emergency response center said . About 12,600 people have been evacuated in the southern Bavaria region , and many roads and railway lines are closed . An emergency alert is still in place in the Bavarian town of Regensburg , and Deggendorf is completely cut off , it said . Some 55,000 emergency workers , most of them members of local fire services , have been involved in Germany 's flood response efforts , Interior Ministry spokesman Markus Beyer said . Another 25,000 people -- including 12,000 federal civil protection workers , 5,500 soldiers and 2,500 federal police officers -- have also been deployed since Saturday , he said . The flood wave in the Danube is expected to reach the Hungarian capital , Budapest , on Sunday , it said . A state of emergency was declared this week in three counties along the river Danube in northwestern Hungary , as well as in Budapest . Czech Republic fears more rains to come The historic center of the Czech capital , Prague , was largely spared as the swollen Vltava River peaked there earlier this week , but other areas fared less well . Some 700 towns were affected by the floods , Czech fire service spokeswoman Nicole Zaoralova said Thursday . Some of the 19,000 people evacuated are now able to return to their homes , she said , but the country is not yet in the clear . More heavy rain is expected during the weekend and authorities are doing what they can to regulate water levels on the Vltava ahead of this , she said . In northern Bohemia , the River Labe , as the Elbe is known there , reached its peak levels around midnight Wednesday , she said . However , the risk of flooding remains high due to the weather forecast . More rainfall is also expected in Prague , especially toward the end of the weekend , she said . Eight deaths have been reported in the Czech Republic and four people are missing , a fire service spokeswoman said Thursday . Three deaths occurred Saturday in southwestern Germany , the Interior Ministry for the state of Baden-Wuerttemberg said . CNN 's Matthew Chance reported from Dresden and Ivana Kottasova reported from London , where Laura Smith-Spark also wrote and reported . CNN 's Sarah Brown and Mari Ramos also contributed .	NEW : At least 15 flood deaths are reported across central Europe since the weekend The River Elbe is expected to peak in the German city of Dresden within hours The River Danube has also caused wide flooding in southern Germany Cities downriver in Slovakia and Hungary are already on alert for the surge
CNN  -- A day after a Southwest Airlines jet with 124 passengers landed at the wrong airport , many are asking : How in the world could that happen ? "  It 's not common , but it 's not unheard of , " said pilot Mark Weiss , a 20-year veteran of commercial aviation who has frequently flown Boeing 737-700s , the same kind of aircraft that touched down Sunday at a small airport in Taney County , Missouri , about seven miles from where it was supposed to land at Branson Airport . The plane stopped about 500 feet from the end of a runway at M. Graham Clark Downtown Airport , but no one was injured , said Chris Berndt , the Western Taney County Fire District fire chief and emergency management director . "  There are a lot of questions , and I suspect this is a matter of procedures not being followed , something along the long chain of everything you must do and constantly do as a pilot for safety , " Weiss said . But that 's little consolation for passengers shaken by the experience . "  Really happy  the  pilot applied brakes the way he did , " said passenger Scott Schieffer . "  Who knows what would have happened ? " The airport 's runway is 3,738 feet long , about half the length of the Branson Airport runway , which is 7,140 feet . That forced pilots to act fast and brake hard when the aircraft touched down . If they had not , the plane could have overshot the end of the runway , tumbled down an embankment and onto U.S. Highway 65 . Air traffic controllers had cleared the jet to land at Branson and only learned of the mishap when the pilots radioed that they had landed at the wrong airport , a source familiar with the investigation told CNN . Branson is not equipped with radar , and Clark has no control tower . Southwest said the flight 's captain had worked for the airline for 14 years and the first officer had been with the company for 12 . Both were on paid leave pending an investigation , it said . The jet took off Monday from Clark after "  a thorough inspection " and was scheduled to resume regular service in the evening . The airline did not disclose its destination , but the aviation website FlightAware said it was bound for Tulsa , Oklahoma . "  We have since reached out to each customer directly to apologize , refund their tickets and provide future travel credit as a gesture of goodwill for the inconvenience , " the airline said in a written statement . Apology following landing announcement Passenger Schieffer told CNN the flight had been late in departing Chicago 's Midway International Airport on Sunday afternoon , but nothing seemed amiss . As the plane touched down on the runway , however , Schieffer said he heard and felt the brakes hit hard and smelled rubber burning . It was "  one of the hardest landings I ever experienced , " he told CNN . Kevin Riley , who lives near the airport , said he was sitting in his living room when he heard the landing . "  I thought it was a military plane because it 's so loud , " he said . "  This airport takes small planes ... nothing to the level or volume of that plane . " "  Welcome to Branson , " the pilot announced , Schieffer recalled . A few minutes later , the pilot came back on . "  I 'm sorry , ladies and gentlemen , we have landed at the wrong airport , " he said , according to Schieffer . He then repeatedly apologized to passengers who were stuck on the tarmac for two hours while steps could be brought over from Branson Airport to help them deplane . The pilots declined to talk about what happened as they left the plane , Berndt said . While waiting , Schieffer and the other passengers ate peanuts provided by flight attendants . Southwest offered them a $ 200 travel voucher , he said . Paper and computer Southwest spokesman Brad Hawkins said Sunday night he did n't yet have enough information to say why the plane landed at the wrong location . CNN first learned of the landing error via tweets from the region . There are many questions that the Federal Aviation Administration and National Transportation Safety Board will explore . Both agencies have launched investigations . Weiss gave insight into what investigators will be looking for in their probes . When the plane was still on the ground at Midway , the pilots would have looked at a paper flight plan on which the distance between their departing location and arriving location would have been written . That distance should have also been plugged into the cockpit computer . "  You match one thing to the other , " he said . "  Let 's say there was 503 miles on the paper . The computer in the console should have matched that distance . " That 's important if the pilots end up doing what is called an instrument landing -- essentially where they rely on their instruments to assure everything is as it should be . If the equipment was correct on the ground at Midway , the instrument reading during an instrument landing would have indicated to the pilots they were descending to the wrong location . Relying on instruments is sometimes the only alternative pilots have when the weather is poor or there are other factors making visual landing difficult . When the plane landed , it was 58 degrees Fahrenheit in the area , with visibility for 10 miles and clear skies . It was a bit breezy with a south wind of about 20 mph . A checklist to mind Regardless of particular variables , pilots should constantly be working on a checklist of safety measures . "  You back the approach  to a runway  up  consulting  all the instrumentation and validation that you have available to you , " Weiss said . That includes scanning the horizon , looking up and down , talking to air traffic controllers , reading instruments and communicating frequently with a copilot . Some smaller airports do n't have towers . The airport where the Southwest plane landed did not , but it 's unclear whether air traffic controllers were in touch with the pilots . When an airplane descends , the pilot will tell the controllers , "  I have the runway in sight . " "  Once a pilot says that then the responsibility for getting that aircraft to that runway is n't a joint responsibility , " Weiss said . "  It 's the responsibility of the pilot . " Pilot Ken Hiller has been flying into both Missouri airports for a decade . He said a navigational tool called a localizer could have told the pilots that they were off . The airports have different runway numbers that would have popped up -- they are 20 degrees of difference between them . If pilots were only doing a visual landing , they might not have noticed the difference in numbers in a navigation tool . But even with all the instruments available to modern pilots , Mary Schiavo , former inspector general of the U.S. Department of Transportation told CNN that planes landing at the wrong airport are n't unusual . "  A visual landing on side-by-side airports , not far apart ... that 's how it happens , " she said Monday on CNN . "  It happens many times . " Similar incidents Sunday night 's incident brought to mind another landing at a wrong airport two months earlier . In November , a mammoth cargo plane landed at the wrong airport in Wichita , Kansas -- one that typically does not accommodate such beasts and with a runway half a mile shorter than such an aircraft usually uses . The Boeing 747 Dreamlifter was bound for McConnell Air Force Base from New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport . But instead of landing at the military airport on Wichita 's southeast side , it landed at the much smaller , general aviation Col. James Jabara Airport on the northeast side . It eventually took off . In August 2012 , a regional commuter plane landed at the wrong West Virginia airport . United Express Flight 4049 , operated by Silver Airways , was supposed to fly from Morgantown to Clarksburg but landed instead at Fairmont Municipal Airport about 10 miles away . CNN 's Mike M. Ahlers , Thom Patterson , Aaron Cooper , Jethro Mullen , Shawn Nottingham , Joe Sutton , Dave Alsup and Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	Controllers learned plane had landed at the wrong airport when pilots radioed them , source says Southwest says it does n't yet know why the jet landed seven miles from its intended airport The pilots have been removed from flying duty pending an investigation , Southwest says Taney County airport 's runway is much shorter than Branson , where the jet was supposed to land
Washington  CNN  -- Jeb Bush will be the star attraction at a Republican fundraiser in South Carolina next month , his first trip to an early presidential primary state as a possible contender for the Republican nomination in 2016 . Bush , the former governor of Florida and a darling of the Republican Party 's donor class , will headline a closed-door October 23 fundraiser for South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley , according to a copy of the invitation obtained by CNN . The high-dollar event will be held at the Capital City Club in downtown Columbia , a short walk from the South Carolina State House , putting Bush in the room with some of the early primary state 's biggest GOP movers and shakers . How to campaign without campaigning Couples who pledge $ 10,000 for Haley 's re-election bid and the South Carolina Republican Party are offered the chance to participate in a "  roundtable discussion " with Bush , while other GOP donors will be able to attend a private reception and photo op with the former governor . No public campaign events are scheduled . Bush has political ties to the state , thanks to his brother George W. Bush 's hard-fought primary victory there in 2000 over John McCain . Bush family loyalists and financial backers of that campaign have been angling to get Jeb Bush to visit South Carolina for months , but he has kept a relatively low profile for much of this midterm year despite pleas from admirers to step more aggressively into the political arena . Still , Bush has put his expansive financial network to work for midterm candidates this year from his perch in Florida , hosting a cascade of fundraisers for Republicans , including an earlier event for Haley in Jacksonville that raised over $ 150,000 for her campaign . He also headlined Florida events for Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad and Republican Senate leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky . On Tuesday night , he is hosting a reception for GOP Senate candidates in Tampa . Politico reported this week that Bush also plans to hit the campaign trail in the coming weeks for Senate candidates in Kansas and North Carolina . Like most politicians dabbling in 2016 speculation , Bush has said he will decide whether or not to run for president sometime after the midterm elections .	Jeb Bush will travel to South Carolina next month The trip marks his first stop to an early presidential primary state in the 2016 cycle Bush is thinking about running for the GOP presidential nomination
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo scored twice as Portugal beat the Netherlands 2-1 to book their passage to the quarterfinals of Euro 2012 behind Group B winners Germany who saw off Denmark by the same score . Ronaldo 's goals sunk the 2010 World Cup runners-up who exited the competition without gaining a single point . Germany will play Greece in the quarterfinals with Portugal taking on Group A winners Czech Republic . Group B was labeled the "  Group of Death " when the draw was made and lived up to its billing as the four teams provided an enthralling finale . Euro 2012 : Day 10 as it happened The Dutch , who never recovered from a shock 1-0 defeat to Denmark in their opener , were given early hope when Tottenham 's Rafael van der Vaart put them ahead . But Real Madrid ace Ronaldo finally lived up to his star billing with goals in each half in Kharkiv to secure his side 's passage . Germany went into their match in Lviv as heavy favorites and were given a 19th minute lead by Lukas Podolski , winning his 100th cap . But Michael Krohn-Dehlim , who scored against the Dutch in the opener , equalized five minutes later . Lars Bender scored his first goal for Germany with 10 minutes remaining to preserve their 100 per cent record . "  That was my first start  for Germany  , so it was something special , " Bender told AFP . "  We were trying to get that second goal , I just saw the goal in front of me and it was a bit lucky , " he added . Germany 2-1 Denmark Germany , who went into the final group match off the back of two wins , started brightly and only a fine save by Danish goalkeeper Stephan Andersen kept out an early Thomas Mueller drive . Germany came even closer when top scorer Mario Gomez fluffed a clear chance in front of goal . But the miss did appear to matter as Mueller crossed and Gomez left it for Podolski to score his 44th international goal . But the lead was shortlived as Sunderland 's Niklas Bendtner headed on a corner for Krohn-Dehli to apply the finishing touch . Denmark looked the more likely side to score after the break and Jakub Poulson clipped the post after an excellent move . Bendtner , always a threat , might have won a penalty for the Danes after appearing to be pulled back by Holger Badstuber , but the appeals were waived away . With a draw looking the likely result , Mesut Ozil squared for right-back Bender to beat Andersen with a cool finish . Portugal 2-1 Netherlands Ronaldo had gone into his side 's crunch match with the Dutch without scoring a goal in the two earlier group matches and smarting at criticism of his performances . The early signs did not look promising as Arjen Robben set up Van der Vaart to steer a perfect finish into the bottom left corner of the Portugal goal on 11 minutes . But after Helder Postiga had nearly leveled , Ronaldo finally got on the Euro scoresheet as he ran on to Joao Pereira 's fine pass to beat Maarten Stekelenburg . "  This is for you my son , " the 27-year-old was seen to mouth at television cameras after his 28th minute strike . Ronaldo proved a constant menace to the Dutch defense but early in the second half Portugal survived a scare after Wesley Sneijder crossed from the left for the unmarked Ron Vlaar to waste the chance . Stekelenburg was forced into a superb point-blank save from Nani , who had been set up by Ronaldo . The pair combined again for the eventual winner as Manchester United 's Nani fed his former club teammate again . The Real Madrid star checked and cut inside before easily beating Stekelenburg . Van der Vaart hit the woodwork for the Dutch , but Ronaldo himself was then denied in the same fashion as he chased a deserved hat-trick . Dutch coach Bert van Marwijk was left to contemplate another defeat and an unexpected exit . "  You saw that when we concede a goal , the uncertainty remains . If we 'd scored a second , we might have been more sure of ourselves , but we did n't take our chances , " he said .	Germany top Group B of Euro 2012 after 2-1 win over Denmark Lars Bender scores late winner for the Germans Cristiano Ronaldo scores twice as Portugal beat Netherlands 2-1 Favored Dutch exit without a point along with Denmark
CNN  -- Swiss star Fabian Cancellara rode clear of the leading group to win the Paris Roubaix cycling classic on Sunday and complete a rare double having claimed the Tour of Flanders earlier this spring . The ` Hell of the North ' is traditionally an event for the strongmen of the sport who have to negotiate 27 sections of cobblestones and the reigning Olympic time trial champion perfectly fits the bill . He made his move on the 10th from last section of pave at Mons-en-Pevele , about 45km from the finish in the velodrome at Roubaix , quickly chasing down a small breakaway group before opening up a winning gap . Defending champion Tom Boonen of Belgium and the other leading contenders fatally hesitated in their efforts to chase down Saxo Bank 's Cancellara and their race was over . Cancellera crossed the line alone for his second Paris-Roubaix win and only the 10th man to complete the double with Flanders . Norwegian Thor Hushovd beat Spaniard Juan Antonio Flecha for the runners-up spot in a sprint finish , the pair having finally given chase to Cancellara but too little too late . Last week Cancellara became the first Swiss since Heiri Suter in 1923 to win at Flanders . Cancellara was winning his fourth major one-day classic with Milan-San Remo in 2006 , two at Paris-Roubaix  2006 and 2010  and this year 's Tour of Flanders . I knew that with my form and the way the last weeks were going I would be difficult to catch once I took a 10 meter lead , that they would be scared , " Cancellara told AFP at the finish of the 259km race .	Fabian Cancellara wins cycling 's Hell of the North with solo breakaway ride Cancellara completes spring classics double having won Tour of Flanders Reigning Paris Roubaix champion Tom Boonen finishes out of podium places Norway 's Thor Hushovd beats Juan Antonio Flecha of Spain for second place
CNN  After deliberating for more than 35 hours over parts of seven days , listening intently to the testimony of more than 130 witnesses and reviewing more than 400 pieces of evidence , the teary-eyed men and women of the jury exchanged embraces . Since late January , their work in the Massachusetts murder trial of former NFL star Aaron Hernandez had consumed their lives . It was nothing like "  Law & Order . " The days were long and tedious . Now it was over . "  It 's been an incredibly emotional toll on all of us , " Lesa Strachan told CNN 's Anderson Cooper Thursday in the first nationally televised interview with members of the jury . A day earlier , Strachan , the jury foreperson , announced the first-degree murder conviction in the 2013 shooting death of Hernandez 's onetime friend Odin Lloyd . Strachan said she was struck by the viciousness of multiple gunshots . "  You shot him once but you kept going and you shot him six times . There 's no need for that and there 's no need to use a gun . Period . " Before the trial , at least one juror -- Rosalie Oliver -- had n't heard of the 25-year-old defendant who has now gone from a $ 40 million pro-football contract to a term of life without parole in a maximum-security prison . But Kelly Dorsey watches the Patriots every Sunday during the football season . She said so on her jury questionnaire . "  I knew of him as a football player , not a person , " she said . It did n't affect her vote to convict , she said . It did n't matter that he was a football player , she said . Nor did it matter whether he actually pulled the trigger in the murder . "  To leave your friend on the ground , knowing that he 's not there anymore -- he 's either dead or he 's going to die -- that 's indifference , " Dorsey said of Hernandez . "  He did n't need to pull the trigger . " That word -- "  indifference " -- was used multiple times by members of the jury . Jon Carlson said he was struck by testimony and video evidence that Hernandez and two co-defendants were sunbathing poolside hours after the slaying , drinking smoothies . Hernandez at times left his then-8-month-old daughter with the two men . That indifference "  surprised a lot of us , " Carlson said . He stressed the fact that Hernandez played football for a living did n't influence the jury 's decision . "  It does n't matter how much money you have or how much money you make . We 're all people , and we 're all equal , and we all deserve the same fair trial , and that 's what we wanted to make sure we gave him , " Carlson said . Lloyd was seen June 17 , 2013 , around 2:30 a.m. with Hernandez and Hernandez 's friends , Carlos Ortiz and Ernest Wallace , in a rented silver Nissan Altima . Later that day , a jogger found his body . He had been shot six times , according to prosecutors . Wallace and Ortiz , who were also charged with murder , have pleaded not guilty and will be tried separately . What 's next for Aaron Hernandez ? Rosalie Oliver -- the juror who had n't heard of Hernandez before the trial -- said that , for her , the first shot was enough . "  There was no need for the other five , " she said . "  One shot for me is cruelty . " Oliver and other jurors said they were surprised to receive calls from friends congratulating them after the verdict . "  Who won ? " she asked "  Odin Lloyd did n't win .  His mother  did n't bring back her son . Did Mr. Hernandez win ? No , because he 's going to serve the rest of his life in jail and he 's 25 years old . The worst part for me is : How about that little girl that 's never going to see her father again ? " What prison life will be like for Aaron Hernandez Oliver recalled making eye contact with Hernandez at one point during the months-long trial . "  He actually nodded to me one time , " she said . "  You come in that room every day and you see this person and it 's hard to come to that decision at the end because -- like three months with them -- it 's almost like they 're part of you . And then , all of a sudden now , you 've got to make that decision to either put him away or let him go . " The jurors declined to talk about the dynamics inside the jury room , choosing instead to keep the focus on the evidence presented during trial . They conveyed a sense of gravity about their task . "  You see , you know , ` Law & Order ' and all these different TV shows and it 's just nothing like that at all . It 's just very serious , " Carlson said . 5 things to know about the jury	"  We 're all equal , and we all deserve the same fair trial , " says one juror The months-long murder trial of Aaron Hernandez brought jurors together Foreperson : "  It 's been an incredibly emotional toll on all of us "
CNN  It 's uncomfortable , talking about death . And that 's as true for the profession devoted to staving it off as it is for the rest of us . "  I learned about a lot of things in medical school , " surgeon Atul Gawande begins his New York Times best-selling book , "  Being Mortal : Medicine and What Matters at the End . " "  But mortality was n't one of them . " In his book , Gawande , a Harvard professor who practices endocrine surgery at Brigham and Women 's Hospital in Boston , argues that health professionals -- and the rest of us -- need to change how we approach patients ' final days . "  You do n't have to spend much time with the elderly or those with terminal illness to see how often medicine fails the people it is supposed to help , " he writes . "  The waning days of our lives are given over to treatments that addle our brains and sap our bodies for a sliver 's chance of benefit . " Instead , Gawande proposes embracing death as normal . It "  may be the enemy , " he writes , "  but it is also the natural order of things . " It 's not an entirely new concept in modern medicine . Since the 1990s , the rise of hospice care and similar services has served as a stark acknowledgment that sometimes , quality of life in one 's final days is more important than last-ditch efforts to fight the inevitable . But it 's an idea that 's rapidly becoming more pertinent . In 2050 , roughly 83.7 million Americans will be over 65 -- nearly twice the number from 2012 , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . "  The projected growth of the older population in the United States will present challenges to policy makers and programs , such as Social Security and Medicare , " said a May Census report  PDF  on the aging population . "  It will also affect families , businesses , and health care providers . " The National Institute on Aging , part of the government 's National Institutes of Health , also emphasizes the importance of non-curative care in a loved one 's final days . "  When a doctor says something like , ` I 'm afraid the news is not good . There are no other treatments for us to try . I 'm sorry , ' it may close the door to the possibility of a cure , but it does not end the need for medical support , " says an NIA guide on end-of-life care . "  Nor does it end the involvement of family and friends . There are many places and a variety of ways to provide care for an older person who is dying . Such care often involves a team . " In his book , Gawande recalls a cancer patient who , for months , underwent one painful , potentially fatal treatment after another , when doctors knew they 'd almost certainly only cause him more discomfort while prolonging an illness that would never be cured . We need to do better , he says . "  Our reluctance to honestly examine the experience of aging and dying has increased the harm we inflict on people , " he writes , "  and denied them the basic comforts they most need . "	Surgeon wants us to think again about care for the dying He says the medical profession is n't trained to embrace the inevitable By 2050 , 83 million Americans will be older than 65
Washington  CNN  -- By now , top aides to President Barack Obama , like Dan Pfeiffer , have learned to just tune out the round-the-clock punditry that tends to build up every speech by this commander-in-chief as the pivotal moment in his presidency . The phrase "  stakes are high " has been used so many times for speeches about anything from health care , to the tragedy in Tucson , Arizona , to the war in Libya , that the White House communications director has voted with his remote control . "  My TV is off , " Pfeiffer said Wednesday , pointing up at the blank flat screen in his West Wing office . "  If you worried about Washington expectation-setting , you 'd never get anything done . " And yet here we go again with soaring expectations for Obama 's Thursday speech about U.S. policy in the Mideast -- though it 's worth noting the president himself brings on some of the attention by trying to pull so much into one address . As Pfeiffer told me , the president 's goal in delivering this speech is to "  take it from the Arab Spring through Libya and on to  Osama  bin Laden and put it in context for everyone . " Whoa , that 's a lot to chew on in one speech . Then throw in a section about the seemingly intractable Israeli-Palestinian peace process -- plus attention-getting White House meetings with King Abdullah II of Jordan on Tuesday and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Friday -- and now perhaps you can see why expectations have gotten a bit out of control . Obama to lay out post-Arab Spring vision And let 's not forget that it was the president who framed this whole issue in such sweeping terms when he went to Cairo in 2009 to deliver the first-ever "  speech to the Muslim world " by a U.S. president . "  I have come here to seek a new beginning between the United States and Muslims around the world , " he said then . "  One based upon mutual interest and mutual respect , and one based upon the truth that America and Islam are not exclusive , and need not be in competition . " Two years later , the Muslim world is still skeptical -- and the region is a tinderbox despite Obama 's victory of tracking down bin Laden and finally bringing him to justice . Obama 's do-over on the Middle East Sure , people in places like Egypt and Tunisia have gotten their first tastes of freedom . But the road to democracy is far from certain , and the economic inequities at the root of the original peaceful protests have not gone away . Syrian President Bashar al-Assad is cracking down on peaceful protests in his own country , and a Libyan dictator is still dug in after weeks of NATO military action . Meanwhile , Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas has cut a reconciliation deal with Hamas , considered a terrorist group in the United States . Obama 's special Mideast envoy George Mitchell abruptly announced late last week that he 's heading for the exit . And while Netanyahu is signaling he may be willing to give up more territory on the West Bank to jump-start peace negotiations , his past unwillingness to compromise raises questions about whether this is a sincere bid for peace or just a gambit to show up the Palestinians . Oh yeah -- and while all of this has been happening , Iran has still been trying to get nuclear weapons , officials believe . Other than that , American interests in the region are in fine shape . Enter Obama , who has an opportunity to make some sense of the tumult of the last few months and lay out a clear vision of what the United States can specifically do to help along some of these fledgling democracies . As White House spokesman Jay Carney noted this week , the pace of change has been "  more in five months than we 've seen in 50 years in many ways in the region . " Nevertheless , nobody should be so delusional as to think the president can solve all of these major problems with one speech at the State Department . But maybe this can be a turning point , and here are four keys to the speech that will determine its effectiveness in the months ahead : ECONOMIC AID Obama is laying out a specific economic aid plan that includes about $ 2 billion for Egypt as the United States seeks to help get at the root cause of so much of the upheaval in the Mideast . The protests were not just about human rights , they were about the hunger of millions of young Arabs who are simply looking for a job . Some close observers are already dubbing this a Middle Eastern Marshall Plan -- a notion that administration officials are not knocking down -- but whether this will really have as much of an impact as George Marshall 's efforts to rebuild Europe after World War II remains to be seen . BIN LADEN While it 's indisputable that taking out such a dangerous terrorist was a positive development , the White House is going to have to be careful not to oversell the killing as the moment that somehow magically solves the region 's many challenges . One of Obama 's top aides said before the speech that after "  having taken out Osama bin Laden " while also winding down the war in Iraq , "  we are beginning to turn the page to a more positive and hopeful future for U.S. policy in the region . " There 's no question that bin Laden 's death is a reminder to young Muslims that there 's a better way than blindly following al Qaeda . But whether the United States can translate that into future policy successes is still a question mark . ISRAELI-PALESTINIAN PEACE People inside and outside the administration reading the tea leaves on Mitchell 's exit from the peace process note that he was one of the people pushing for a specific Obama plan to try and bring a game-changer to the talks . Mitchell 's departure foreshadowed the fact that Obama 's speech would not give many new specific details from the president , which is why the real moment to watch will be Friday when Obama and Netanyahu sit down at the White House . Everyone will be watching the body language and looking for some give from either side . But former Mideast peace negotiator Aaron David Miller of the Woodrow Wilson Center warns that nobody should get too hopeful . "  You are going to have the optic of a ` Yes We Can ' president on the peace process squaring off in a way against a ` No You Wo n't ' Israeli prime minister , " Miller said in an interview . SYRIA The Obama administration 's decision on Wednesday to announce tough new sanctions aimed directly at Assad himself justifiably got lots of attention . After all , it was timed to tee up the president 's speech and inoculate him against criticism that the United States has been too timid in taking on the Syrian government . But perhaps the more noteworthy development was the sudden push by Obama officials to call for a "  transition " to democracy in Syria , code for "  It 's time for Assad to go . " This is important because it 's readily apparent Assad is not going gently into the night . As one person with close ties to the region warned privately this week , "  It 's going to be very bloody " before it gets better -- a chilling reminder that for all of the hopeful talk of an Arab Spring , Miller noted that this could quickly become the "  Arab Winter . "	Soaring expectations precede Obama 's speech Obama plans to discuss the Mideast and unrest in the Arab world Obama will meet with the Israeli PM on Friday
CNN  -- Togo booked its place in the quarterfinals of the Africa Cup of Nations for the first time in seven attempts following a nervy draw with Tunisia in South Africa Wednesday . With the game level at 1-1 , Tunisia 's Khalid Mouelhi had a glorious opportunity to win the tie with 15 minutes remaining when his side was awarded a penalty kick . But having already scored from the spot earlier in the game to cancel out Serge Gakpe 's opener for Togo , Mouehli failed to repeat the feat as Tunisia 's bowed out . The achievement comes three years after two members of the Togo squad were killed in a deadly machine attack in the oil-rich enclave of Cabinda before the 2010 Nations Cup . Captain Emmanuel Adebayor , who hid under a seat when the Togo team bus came under fire from separatists , revealed the team would hold prayers for the pair which lost their lives "  I 'm thinking of them , " he told reporters . "  We 're going to take five minutes to pray for them at the hotel . " "  This is our first qualification , I 'm very happy for the team and my country , I ca n't even begin to imagine what 's happening back home ! " Africa Cup of Nations 2013 : The teams Togo will now go on to face Burkina Faso in the last eight , leaving Tunisia coach Sami Trabelsi to reflect on his side 's failings . Trabelsi told reporters in Nelspruit : "  We did what we had to do , we dominated the play , but we lacked a bit of finishing . "  I 'm not here to talk about the referee -- I 'm here to talk about my team . Am I satisfied with the outcome ? Not really . " Togo made the perfect start by taking the lead on 13 minutes when Emmanuel Adebayor 's through ball sent Gakpe clear to fire home . Cape Verde 's ` Special One ' With Tunisia needing to win the game to advance , Trabelsi 's men fought back and deservedly drew level when Mouelhi converted from 12-yards following a foul on Esperance midfielder Hichri . Tunisia continued to look for that elusive winner after the break , but only the crossbar denied Adebayor from heading Togo back in front with 21 minutes remaining . What can we expect from the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations ? The Carthage Eagles were given a real lifeline on 75 minutes when South African referee Daniel Bennett pointed to the penalty spot following a foul on Saber Khalifa . Mouelhi stood up to strike the kick , but his effort hit the left post as Togo held out for the draw . "  This is huge for Togo -- the first time they have qualified for the quarterfinals , " Togo coach Didier Six told reporters . "  We were the little team in this group , and we 've made it . I think there will be a big party in Lome tonight . " Zambia dumped out of Africa Cup of Nations Ivory Coast Meanwhile , tournament favorite Ivory Coast came from two goals down to draw 2-2 with Algeria in Rustenburg . Ivory Coast , which had already qualified for the last eight , will face Nigeria in the next round . With his side already through to the next stage , coach Sabri Lamouchi made nine changes to the team to face an Algeria team without any chance of making the quarterfinals . Ryad Boudebouz had a great early chance to give Algeria the lead but struck his seventh minute penalty against the post . Algeria was awarded a second spot kick on 64 minutes and Sofiane Feghouli made no mistake before Hilal Soudani doubled his side 's lead soon after . But two goals in four minutes from Didier Drogba and Wilfried Bony saved embarrassment and ensured Ivory Coast finished the group stage unbeaten . "  I am proud of my boys because they refused to give up when two goals behind , " Ivory Coast coach Lamouchi told reporters . "  I congratulate Algeria , who did not make it easy for us and are a team to watch in the future . "  The failure of all the north African teams to make the next round surprises me . I am most disappointed about the departure of Tunisia , which is where my family originates from . "	Togo will face Burkina Faso in quarterfinal following 1-1 draw with Tunisia Tunisia misses crucial late penalty which would have sent it through to last eight Ivory Coast tops group following 2-2 draw against Algeria Didier Drogba and Wilfried Bony help Ivory Coast come back from two goals down
CNN  -- It 's football season : From Pop Warner , Young American Football League and other children 's football leagues ; from high school to college and the pros , football is the name of the game . Unfortunately , it 's also a time when we see sports-related concussions , particularly among children . This year , there will be millions of sports-related concussions and many of them will go undiagnosed . Around 300,000 will result in a player losing consciousness . Research indicates that multiple concussions may lead to dementia and lasting brain damage , and more concussions happen in football than in other sport . The result is a brain injury epidemic that affects 4.5 million players who are still too young to play in the NFL . Football is a tough sport , but the concussion epidemic is a problem we can work to fix . Part of the issue is the culture of the game . Retired NFL great Nick "  the Kick " Lowery , the all-time leading scorer for the Kansas City Chiefs and one of the greatest kickers to play the game , wrote to me about his experiences . "  When I played football , suffering a concussion was often shrugged off as merely having your ` bell rung , ' " Lowery wrote . "  My teammates had no shortage of toughness and wanted to build the mentality to out-tough our opponents . We now know that multiple concussions can lead to lasting brain damage and should be treated as a serious matter . " The good news is that concussions are being treated as a serious matter , more and more . New Mexico is one of several states with a sports concussion law . It requires that coaches be trained about concussions and brain injuries , and that students who suffer concussions must stay on the sidelines for at least a week , and until a medical professional approves his or her return to play . But coaching is not the only way to approach the problem . When kids step onto the field , they need to be confident that their safety equipment will provide adequate protection . Far too often it does n't keep the young athlete as safe as it should . Although football helmet safety has improved since the days of leather helmets , today 's voluntary football helmet safety standards do n't take our modern understanding of concussion risks into account . For example , the industry standard primarily protects against serious injury from a severe , direct blow  $ " but it does not address the risk of a concussion caused by less severe impacts , or by hits that spin the head and brain . The standard for reconditioning used football helmets also does not specify how often these old helmets must be recertified . One young student-athlete , Max Conradt , returned to play too soon after suffering a concussion . Max was wearing a 20-year-old helmet when he suffered another concussion that led to brain damage . His parents wrote me asking , "  How is it possible that our son was issued a helmet three years older than he was ? " Unfortunately , about 100,000 helmets out there are more than a decade old . These helmets are on the heads of high school and younger football players across the country this season . As knowledge of head injuries improves , some companies advertise newer helmets with sweeping safety claims . Young athletes could put themselves at greater risk if they think a new "  anti-concussion " helmet , headband , or mouth guard makes them invulnerable to brain injury . We can do better than this . Parents should be able to let their kids play football confident that the equipment they 're using has been created with the best science and technology for protection of injury . That 's why I introduced the Children 's Sports Athletic Equipment Safety Act . This bipartisan legislation , which has been endorsed by the National Football League Players Association , would help ensure that new and reconditioned football helmets for high school and younger players meet safety standards that specifically address concussion risk and the needs of young athletes . The bill also increases potential penalties for using false injury prevention claims to sell helmets or any other children 's sports equipment . There will always be some risk of injury in football  $ " it 's inevitably part of the game . But , we must make sure that athletes , coaches and parents know about the dangers and signs of concussion ; we must make sure that they are using safe equipment ; and we must take any false advertising out of the game . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sen. Tom Udall .	Tom Udall : Millions of sports-related concussions a year ; most happen in football Concussions are a serious matter , Uall writes ; 4.5 milion young players are affected Udall : Younger players need football helmets with up-to-date safety standards Udall 's legislation would set standards for new and reconditioned football helmets
CNN  -- Who would open one of the world 's biggest casinos in the depths of a global recession ? Big city dreams : Lawrence Ho 's business portfolio in Hong Kong and Macau is growing . Answer : Lawrence Ho , the scion of a casino business mogul who has clearly inherited his father 's love of a calculated risk . Ho 's father Stanley is a man synonymous with the creation of Macau as the world 's biggest gambling destination . "  Over the past 40 years he has put his thumbprints all over Macau . I think if you look at the major infrastructure projects , whether it 's the airport , the ferry terminals , he was involved in building up a lot of those , " Lawrence Ho told CNN . But in opening City of Dreams in Macau earlier this year , Ho is trying to carve his own niche and continue to build up his own business empire . "  I think gone are the days when you can open a property and ` Bang ! ' you would steal significant market share from others , " he told CNN . "  Before we opened we were , like the rest of the world , a little bit wary of the timing , but I think in hindsight the world economies are doing a lot better and Macau has seen its first year-on-year increase in July and August was a booming month . So I think all in all we could n't be happier . " Ho 's company , Melco-Crown Entertainment , is independent from his father 's huge portfolio of businesses and the multibillion dollar City of Dreams project is a partnership with Australian James Packer , himself the son of a media tycoon . Ho is respectful of his ailing father 's achievements and the advantages that the family name has given him , but also the desire it fostered to forge his own success . "  The bigger the shadow the more we can feel the underdog syndrome . ... being his son opened many doors , but at the same time I grew up in a very big family with our own issues , but all in all certainly being his son has helped a great deal , " he said . There are no worries about interference from the mainland -- "  I suspect that China definitely wants -LSB- Macau and Hong Kong -RSB- to do well " -- and Ho remains positive that Asia will see the quickest recovery from the downturn . "  A lot of the Asian countries and economies have handled the -LSB- economic -RSB- crisis this time a lot better than the Asian financial crisis 10 years ago , " he said . "  So I think , all in all , Asia has managed to come out of this much quicker than the rest of the world . And really when people are feeling better they travel and they spend more , and you know we are in the business of providing leisure and entertainment . "	Son of Stanley Ho , business tycoon who built up former-Portuguese colony of Macau Lawrence Ho recently open multi-billion dollar City of Dreams complex in Macau Believes he can carve a slice of action from the Asian gambling city
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The estranged husband of "  Real Housewives of Beverly Hills " cast member Taylor Armstrong apparently killed himself in his home , according to police and the Los Angeles county coroner 's office . Russell Armstrong 's lawyer said he 's "  100 % convinced " Armstrong 's role in the reality show created his depression , but he does not blame the Bravo network for his death . Investigators did not find a suicide note near the body of Armstrong , 47 , who was pronounced dead at 8:16 p.m. Monday , Assistant Chief Coroner Ed Winter said Tuesday . His body was found in a Mulholland Drive home in the hills above Bel Air , California , Winter said . "  It does appear to be a suicide by hanging , " Los Angeles Police spokesman Richard French said . Armstrong was the subject of numerous celebrity gossip website stories in recent weeks that detailed allegations of abuse made against him in his pending divorce . After Taylor Armstrong filed for divorce last month she told People magazine that she was verbally and physically abused during their nearly six-year marriage . "  I felt like I was dying inside , " she told People . "  Now , there 's some sense of peace . " In his interview with People , Russell Armstrong said , "  Maybe things happened in the heat of the moment , but it was during a time in our lives that was not characteristic of who we were . This show has literally pushed us to the limit . " Ronald Richards , who was Russell Armstrong 's lawyer , said in an interview Tuesday with A.J. Hammer , host of HLN 's "  Showbiz Tonight , " that the response to the divorce filing was sitting on his desk and had been about to be filed in court . "  He did not want the divorce at all , but he was willing to accept her decision , " Richards said . "  He tried to fix some of her concerns , but as I 've advised many couples in this area , including Mr. Armstrong , these shows have a way of tearing apart a marriage when one spouse takes a certain directions and the other spouse is left kind of supporting the financial part of the marriage . " Armstrong , who was defending himself against a multimillion-dollar lawsuit , was financially drained , Richards said . His credit cards had been suspended , adding to the pressure , he said . But his downfall was caused by his role in the reality show , he said . "  I 'm 100 % convinced and based on facts that this show led to his depression on a couple different grounds , " Richards said . "  One is that the show characterized him as someone that abused his spouse . It highlighted ancient financial negatives in his past and put him in a spotlight that he was n't equipped to deal with . " His lawyer said the allegations of verbal and physical abuse stemmed from "  drunk arguments . " "  That 's what they were dealing with here , " he said . "  There may have been the normal type of kind of shoving that drunk people sometimes get into . " A combination of factors stemming from the show were "  wearing on him , " his lawyer said . "  There 's the appearance that she 's moving forward as a celebrity , " Richards said . "  He 's now a divorce male with kids and he still has a tremendous debt service that he was handling for both of them that was supporting their lifestyle . " The sudden celebrity that followed the Armstrong 's appearance on "  Real Housewives " was overwhelming to the couple , he said . "  When that sort of stardom attacks a marriage sort of overnight , like in the case of a reality TV star , it 's not like an actor that progressively moves up the ladder and the couple deals with this in stages , " he said . "  A reality show takes an average person that has no stardom and throws them into a public spotlight literally within a couple of episodes , and a lot of couples are not prepared for that and this is a very unfortunate consequence . " Still , Richards said he does not blame the network for his client 's depression and death . "  A network can not be held accountable to people 's voluntarily opening of their doors of their private lives . The adults that allowed this to happen to them are responsible , " the attorney said . "  The network is justified in making good television out of their conflict . " Armstrong 's death should serve as a warning to the dangers people face when they sign up for a reality show , he said . "  Adults need to go into these things with your eyes wide open ,  realizing  that if you 're going to have a network cover your private life , you become a public figure , people can comment about you and there 's a high degree of probability that your marriage will end up in shambles as a result of this newfound scrutiny by the public and by the TV network that is covering our private lives , " Richards said . The network that carries the show issued a short statement Tuesday morning : "  All of us at Bravo are deeply saddened by this tragic news . Our sympathy and thoughts are with the Armstrong family at this difficult time . " CNN 's Brittany Kaplan and Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	NEW : Lawyer : "  I 'm 100 % convinced " the reality TV role created his depression Russell Armstrong appears to be "  a suicide by hanging , " police say Armstrong apparently left no suicide note , the coroner says He and reality show cast member Taylor Armstrong were divorcing
London , England  CNN  -- The United Kingdom votes on a new government May 6 through a political system that dates back centuries . When does an election happen ? The UK has no written constitution . Instead the country 's electoral system is based on a series of parliamentary acts dating back to the 17th century , when men wore the sort of tights and wigs still donned on ceremonial occasions by some officials of the Houses of Parliament . A general election is when voters nationwide choose lawmakers who will sit in the House of Commons , the lower chamber which initiates and approves legislation . An election must take place , by law , at least every five years . That said , governments can call an election at any time during their term . They could also be forced into an election if they lose a majority of lawmakers in the Commons . Who calls an election ? The starting gun in a general election is traditionally fired when the prime minister travels to Buckingham Palace to ask the queen , the UK 's head of state , to dissolve parliament by royal proclamation . An election must then take place within weeks . Since 1979 , elections have been held between April and June . It is customary for an election to be held on a Thursday . The vote is conducted through the "  first past the post " system whereby the candidate in each constituency with the most votes wins the seat . If the queen is the head of state , then how come the UK a democracy ? Although the UK is a monarchy , the powers of the reigning head of state have gradually dwindled since King Charles I was beheaded in 1649 following the English Civil War between Royalists and Parliamentarians . Today , the monarch 's role is largely ceremonial and mostly restricted to state functions and appearing on stamps and banknotes . But the monarch still retains formal powers and opens parliament each year . How does parliament function ? The job of parliament is to make laws , scrutinize the actions of the government and debate issues of the day . The Commons -- which has green benches -- currently consists of 650 directly elected lawmakers known as Members of Parliament or MPs who each represent a geographical constituency . The upper house , the Lords -- which has red benches -- is mostly appointed by the government with members serving for life . Its main duty is to vote on legislation passed by the Commons and , when necessary , to send it back for further debate . In certain circumstances the government can force through legislation passed by the Commons but rejected by the Lords . How is an election decided ? Voters do not elect the prime minister , or head of government , directly . Rather , they vote to elect a candidate representing a particular party to serve as their local MP . The leader of the party which wins the most seats is then asked by the Queen to form a government . The leader of the second largest party in the Commons becomes the "  Leader of Her Majesty 's Opposition . " MPs are elected by a plurality , rather than a majority , of votes . This means that a party can win a majority of seats in the Commons without achieving an overall majority in the overall popular vote . In fact , because there are three main parties in the UK it is extremely rare for a party to win an outright majority . The last prime minister elected by an outright majority was Stanley Baldwin , the Conservative Party leader , in 1931 . In 2005 , Tony Blair 's Labour Party won just 35 percent of the vote but still controlled a 66-seat majority in the House of Commons . So who can I vote for ? For most of the past century , British politics has been dominated by two parties , the left-wing Labour Party and the right-wing Conservative Party . That said , the boundaries between left and right have been blurred as each has strived to occupy the strategically important center ground . A third party , the centrist Liberal Democrats , usually picks up around 20 percent of votes but wins far fewer seats because it is squeezed between the two main parties . Parties from Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland also send small numbers of lawmakers to Westminster . Full guide to UK political parties What happens if a party does n't win a majority of seats ? If no party wins an overall majority -- a "  hung parliament " -- then the leader of the party which takes the most seats will usually be invited by the monarch to form a government . But its powers will be limited because it can not control a majority of votes in the Commons . The party will usually call another election within months in a fresh attempt to secure a majority . What would a hung parliament mean in 2010 ? The last time this happened was in 1974 , when an election in February resulted in a hung parliament . A second election followed in October of the same year . Many opinion pollsters and observers believe that the 2010 general election will result in a hung parliament .	A general election must take place in the UK at least every five years The power of the monarchy has gradually dwindled since the 17th century Power in the UK parliament rests with the lower house , known as the Commons The last parliament where no party had a majority was in 1974 -- analysts predict it will happen in 2010
CNN  -- This month on Art of Life we feel the need for speed . From the world 's first road-legal grand prix bike to a rock legend with a passion for aviation . Monita Rajpal samples the finest in Italian motorbikes Monita Rajpal meets the boys behind Ducati 's motorbikes , Iron Maiden 's Bruce Dickinson explains why flying is his new source of adrenaline , and trance legend Paul Van Dyk takes us round his favorite haunt in the former East Berlin . Ducati : Riding in Style Ducati has long-been the ultimate name in luxury motorbikes , but just like its racers , the company has had to compete fiercely to defend its title . As a small Italian manufacturer , up against Japanese mega-plants , employing thousands of workers , Ducati 's comparatively small family is driven by pride . CNN 's Monita Rajpal visits the Bologna factory floor and talks to some of the men behind the company , meets Ducati 's Moto GP champion Casey Stoner and takes a test drive of Ducati 's Desmosedici racing replica , the world 's first road-legal grand prix bike . Watch Monita 's trip to the Ducati factory Bruce Dickinson : Rock star in the sky A leather-clad , long-haired pilot , donning a t-shirt with blood-spewing skeletons would be a nightmare for many uneasy flyers . Fortunately for passengers on Bruce Dickinson 's plane , the lead singer of Iron Maiden has gotten a new wardrobe and a new day job . Art of Life meets up with the rock legend to find out why he has chosen to take to the skies and become a commercial airline pilot . Watch Dickinson take to the skies Paul Van Dyk : Guides us through Germany Paul Van Dyk , the legendary trance musician , DJ and producer has made his name well-known , even though his genre of music is typically associated with young ravers and more urban listeners . Watch as Van Dyk takes Art of Life on a tour of his hometown , the former East Berlin , and shows how he has drawn from the city 's war-weathered rhythms to gain inspiration for his songs . Watch Van Dyk tour Berlin E-mail to a friend	This month Art of Life looks at motorbike , planes , DJs and Rock idols Monita visits the Ducati factory in Bologna , meets Moto champ Casey Stoner Iron Maiden singer Bruce Dickinson talks about his passion for flying DJ Paul Van Dyk takes us on a tour of his favorite parts of Berlin
San Angelo , Texas  CNN  -- Texas prosecutors rested their case Wednesday in the sexual assault trial of polygamous sect leader Warren Jeffs after playing a key piece of evidence for jurors : an audiotape they allege documents his sexual assault of a 12-year-old girl . One juror wiped her eyes as she listened to the recording . Another looked at Jeffs out of the corner of her eye . Still another had a hand covering her mouth . The tape contained praying at the beginning and end , and in it a man alleged by prosecutors to be Jeffs addresses the alleged victim by name . At one point , the man asked her how she feels , and a girl replies in a small voice , "  I feel fine , thank you . " At another point , the man appears to address other people who are present . "  It was very hard to listen to , " CNN 's Gary Tuchman said of the recording . Authorities seized it from the car Jeffs was traveling in when he was arrested in 2006 . Jeffs , the leader of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , is charged with two counts of sexual assault on a child and one count of bigamy stemming from a 2008 raid on a ranch near Eldorado , Texas , operated by his church . He is expected to be tried on the bigamy charge later . Judge Barbara Walther told Jeffs , who is representing himself , that he could begin presenting the defense case after a lunch recess . On Tuesday , the jury heard audio recordings that prosecutors said showed Jeffs instructing a 14-year-old victim and his other young "  wives " on how to sexually please him in order to win God 's favor . Jeffs repeatedly and loudly objected to the playing of the recordings on religious grounds . Each time , Walther overruled him . There can be "  no claim of privilege , regardless of the religion , with respect to communications directly relevant to sexual assault of a child , " prosecutor Eric Nichols said when the judge invited him to respond to Jeffs ' outbursts . Prosecutors said the tapes show Jeffs offering "  celestial marriage " instructions to his young wives , telling them that tending to his needs will bring them closer to God . "  You have to know how to be sexually excited and to help each other ... and you have to be ready for the time I need your comfort , " a man 's voice says . "  This is your mission . This is how you abide the law , " the man adds . Many jurors lowered their heads and closed their eyes as they listened to the recordings . At one point , the man says , "  Take your clothes off . Do it right now . " The sounds of crying followed . "  Just do n't think about the pain ; you 're going to heaven , " the man says at one point . "  The world 's view of sexual relations is selfish ; the celestial view is not , " he says at another . The recordings were among the items confiscated during the raid on the ranch . Before the court adjourned Tuesday night , jurors were shown a photograph of a closet where 12 white robes hung . A closeup of one of the robes showed a label with the name of one of the purported victims . Prosecutors said the girls wore the robes during these "  heavenly sessions . " One of the sexual assault victims was 14 at the time of her marriage to Jeffs , prosecutors said . She bore a child by him when she was 15 , they said . If convicted , Jeffs could face a sentence of five years to life for the charge of aggravated sexual assault regarding the alleged 12-year-old . For the other count , he faces a sentence of two to 20 years . Tuesday 's objections to the audio recording were the latest in a series of objections on religious grounds that Jeffs has made . He also objected repeatedly to witness testimony about records authorities seized in the 2008 ranch raid . At one point , Walther asked the jury to leave and then asked state prosecutors whether they wanted Jeffs to be removed from the courtroom . Prosecutors said they wanted Jeffs to stay and participate , following court rules . Prosecutors called three witnesses Tuesday . The last , Texas Ranger Nick Hanna , took the stand for 10 hours -- laying out the family background of one of the girls , when and where she married Jeffs and the date of her daughter 's birth . Jeffs ' trial started last week . He remained silent for more than a day of the trial proceedings . But on Friday , he began repeatedly objecting -- at one point responding with an hourlong speech about his religious freedom "  being trampled upon . " He objected to an FBI agent 's testimony Friday on the grounds that it violated religious freedom , claiming FBI agents "  touched upon what we find sacred to salvation . " "  This must stop , in a land ... where we maintain the constitutional right of religious freedom , " he said . "  We are not a fly-by-night religious organization that just appeared within your borders . Mockery must cease . This is sacred to us , and must remain sacred . " Prosecutors responded that Jeffs ' First Amendment arguments were not valid in this case . Over frequent interruptions by Jeffs , they argued that freedom of religion does not extend to polygamy or infringing on a child 's rights . The judge previously told jurors that she expected the trial could last two to three weeks . But that was before Jeffs won the right to represent himself on Thursday . Jeffs ' breakaway sect is believed to have about 10,000 followers . Their practice of polygamy , which the mainstream Mormon Church renounced more than a century ago , is part of the sect 's doctrine . Jeffs was on the FBI 's 10 Most Wanted list when he was arrested five years ago during a routine 2006 traffic stop in Las Vegas . He was convicted in Utah of two counts of being an accomplice to rape for using his religious influence over his followers to coerce a 14-year-old girl into marrying her 19-year-old cousin . Afterward , he was sentenced to two consecutive prison terms of five years to life . But in July 2010 , the Utah Supreme Court overturned his convictions , ruling that the jury instructions were erroneous . Utah Attorney General Mark Shurtleff said last week Utah is prepared to retry Jeffs , depending on the outcome of the Texas case . The Texas legal proceedings were set off after about 400 children were taken from the sect 's Yearning for Zion ranch in 2008 . Child protection officials said they found a "  pervasive pattern " of sexual abuse on the ranch through forced marriages between underage girls and older men . But the Texas Supreme Court ruled the state had no right to remove the children . The court also said the state lacked evidence to show that the children faced imminent danger of abuse . Most of the children were returned to their families , although some men at the ranch were charged with sexual abuse . In Session 's Beth Karas , Christi Paul and Jim Kyle contributed to this report .	NEW : Jeffs will begin presenting the defense case after lunch NEW : Prosecutors play a tape they say documents the sexual assault of a 12-year-old Other recordings were played for jurors on Tuesday "  You have to be ready for the time I need your comfort , " the voice in a recording says
London  CNN  -- In a career already groaning under the weight of titles and accolades , Roger Federer joined another exclusive list of tennis luminaries when he beat Andy Murray in this year 's Wimbledon final . In notching up his seventh Wimbledon win a month before his 31st birthday , Federer became the oldest champion since Arthur Ashe in 1975 , and only the 11th player in the Open era to win a grand slam in his 30s . Only Andre Agassi  at the Australian Open in 2001 and 2003  and Pete Sampras  U.S. Open 2002  have achieved the feat this century suggesting that , more than ever , modern tennis is a game which favors the power , agility and the sheer exuberance of youth . Despite the ambition of those young guns and not forgetting the distractions of a young family , Federer 's desire to remain competitive appears undimmed . After dispatching the then 23-year-old Juan Martin del Potro in the final of the ATP Tour event in Rotterdam last February , Federer said he hoped to be around for another "  three , five , six years . " And following his silver medal at the Olympic tennis tournament in August he reiterated that wish . "  I 'll be 35 in Rio . I think it 's possible , but we 'll see how it goes , " Federer told CNN . The Swiss champion is n't the only one enjoying a resurgence in the autumn of his career . From his perch at the summit of the world rankings -- which he reclaimed after winning Wimbledon -- Federer surveys a top 100 in which almost a quarter  24  of players are over the age of 30 . Five places below the Swiss is Spain 's David Ferrer  who turned 30 in February  while lower down lie Jarkko Nieminen from Finland and Austria 's Jurgen Melzer . The 31-year-olds , ranked 35 and 37 respectively , have both won tournaments this year -- the Finn winning the Apia International in Sydney in January while Melzer took the Memphis title the following month . Germany 's Tommy Haas , who turned 34 in April , is currently the oldest player in the top 25 . The former world no. 2 , whose career has been plagued by injuries , started this season outside the top 200 , but has shot up the rankings this year to a current high of 21 in the rankings . The rise was helped , in part , by victory over Federer in the final of the ATP tournament on home soil in Halle last June . "  Maybe 30 is the new 20 , " the German told CNN 's Open Court , not entirely in jest . "  You know , I think a lot of the guys are becoming so much more professional ... everybody is looking more at how physical the game has gotten and how important it is to stay healthy and fit , " Haas said . "  Thirty , at the end of the day , is really just a number ... If you really love something and you want to do it the right way , why not do it until you really know you ca n't do it anymore . " It 's a philosophy which Federer shares , Haas thinks . "  He 's a world-class athlete . He knows exactly what he is doing . He prepares as well as anyone out there ... he does n't second guess many things , so I 'm not really surprised . " Gil Reyes , the feted long-time fitness coach  and friend  to Andre Agassi , says Federer is just a class apart . "  Roger is a perfect athlete -- his movement , his game , his mental , his physical . There 's Roger and then there 's everyone else , " Reyes said . Technological advances and the physically demanding nature of the modern game have caught up with players less gifted and younger than Federer , says Reyes , leading to lots of wear and tear . With players hitting that ball harder than ever , there is simply less time to play the next shot , he says . "  You 're going to be out of position unless you redirect your body very forcefully and very violently , and that 's just taking its toll on our knees and our hips . So you have to counter that and prepare your body for the game , " Reyes said . Watch : Boris Becker tours his hometown Preparing his body for the game enabled Agassi to play with "  great relevance " right up to age of 36 , says Reyes . The American 's latter playing years were the most fruitful of his career with five of his eight grand slams won after his 29th birthday . He was also world no. 1 at the age of 33 . "  When you stop and think about it , that 's amazing , " Reyes says . Strength was the key to Agassi 's enduring success , Reyes believes , who recalls "  a rather slender fellow " when they first met in 1989 . But together they devised a fitness program tailored to the stresses and movements Agassi experienced on court . "  If we were doing certain running drills , he would say : ' I do n't feel that on my legs the way I do on the tennis court . ' That was beautiful because then he would leave it to me to come up with the training , " Reyes said . Reyes would also tailor gym work depending on the playing surface -- the high bounce at Roland Garros requiring different strength training to the skiddy low bounce of the All England Club 's grass courts . "  I can say , honestly , that he was , if not the strongest player on the tour , one of the strongest . Playing to 36 in this day 's game it takes a lot . " Reyes thinks the next generation of tennis stars will reap the benefits of improving sports science but does not envisage too many current players emulating Agassi , with one notable exception , perhaps . At the start of the year , a back injury forced Federer out of the Qatar Open in Doha . It was only his second withdrawal during a tournament in his career and prompted speculation that 2012 might be a year of diminishing returns for the great champion . Ten months on , Federer has a further six titles under his belt , and heads towards November 's season-ending ATP World Tour Finals with just his own records as the oldest winner and six-time champion to beat .	Roger Federer continues to be a major force in the men 's game despite his advancing years The Swiss champion heads a rankings list with 24 players over 30 in the top 100 Andre Agassi 's fitness coach Gil Reyes says modern game takes great toll on body Strength was a key factor in Agassi 's longevity allowing him to play with "  great relevance " up until age of 36
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- A nuclear scientist was killed in a blast in Tehran on Wednesday morning , an Iranian news agency reported , in the latest in a string of attacks that Iran has blamed on Israel . A motorcyclist placed a magnetic bomb under Mostafa Ahmadi Roshan 's Peugeot 405 , the state-run IRNA news agency said . The blast also wounded two others , IRNA said . State television channel Press TV reported later Wednesday that Roshan 's driver , Reza Qashqaei , had died in a hospital from his injuries . Mohammad Khazaee , Iranian ambassador to the United Nations , condemned what he called "  cruel , inhumane and criminal acts of terrorism against the Iranian scientists . " "  Based on the existing evidence collected by the relevant Iranian security authorities , similar to previous incidents , perpetrators used the same terrorist method in assassinating Iranian nuclear scientists , i.e. , attaching a sticky magnetic bomb to the car carrying the scientists and detonating it , " Khazaee said in a statement . "  I would like to emphasize , once again , that the Islamic Republic  of  Iran would not compromise over its inalienable right to use nuclear energy for peaceful purposes and any kind of political and economic pressures or terrorist attacks targeting the Iranian nuclear scientists , could not prevent our nation in exercising this right , " Khazaee said . Lawmaker Kazem Jalali blamed the intelligence agencies of the United States and Israel for the latest attack , saying the United Nations ' nuclear watchdog , the International Atomic Energy Agency , also bore responsibility for passing on information about Iran 's nuclear scientists to other countries , IRNA reports . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , speaking alongside the Qatari foreign minister in Washington , rejected the claims . "  I want to categorically deny any United States involvement in any kind of act of violence inside Iran , " she said . "  We believe there has to be an understanding between Iran , its neighbors and the international community that finds a way forward for it to end its provocative behavior , end its search for nuclear weapons and rejoin the international community and be a productive member of it . " Israel does not normally comment on such claims . However , Brig. Gen. Yoav Mordechai , a spokesman for the Israel Defense Forces  IDF  , said on his Facebook page Wednesday : "  I have no idea who targeted the Iranian scientist but I certainly do n't shed a tear . " Roshan , 32 , was a deputy director for commercial affairs at the Natanz uranium enrichment facility in Isfahan province and a graduate of Iran 's Oil Industry University , according to the semi-official news agency Fars . Natanz , which is said to have 8,000 centrifuges in operation , is one of two facilities that is enriching uranium in the country . This week , the IAEA identified the second in the mountains of Qom province . Western diplomats at the U.N. on Wednesday criticized Iran over the recent revelation that Tehran is enriching uranium beyond the level needed for civilian use , saying that the actions flaunt Security Council resolutions . The Security Council discussed the issue in closed consultations . "  We have very serious concerns about this blatant disregard for fulfillment of their international obligations , " said Rosemary DiCarlo , deputy U.S. ambassador to the U.N. "  The location , the size and the clandestine nature of the facility at Qom raise serious doubts about what its ultimate purposes are , " added Philip Parham , deputy British ambassador to the U.N. . The IAEA announced on Monday its finding that Iran is enriching uranium at a previously secret facility to 20 % purity . Diplomats said that further Security Council sanctions were possible . But they indicated that they are focusing on ensuring that the sanctions already in place are enforced . They emphasized the need for a negotiated solution to the standoff . "  A year ago we passed very strict sanctions on Iran , the most comprehensive ever , " DiCarlo said . "  Those sanctions are being implemented , and President Ahmadinejad himself has acknowledged to his own parliament that they 're having an impact . " Officials in the United States and other Western nations have ratcheted up sanctions against Tehran since a November report by the IAEA said the Iranian government was developing the technology needed to build a nuclear weapon . Last month , U.S. President Barack Obama announced sanctions against Iran 's central bank . Tehran maintains its nuclear program is for civilian energy purposes only . But the IAEA has said it can not verify whether the intent of Tehran 's nuclear program remains peaceful . The attack comes at a time when relations between Iran and the United States have rarely been as strained . Iran sentenced Iranian-American and former Marine Amir Hekmati to death Tuesday for alleged espionage , prompting strong condemnation from the U.S. State Department . Iran also aggravated tensions in the past month with its threat to close the strategically important Strait of Hormuz if Western nations carry through with sanctions on its oil industry to punish Tehran 's lack of cooperation on its nuclear program . In comments Wednesday , Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov urged Western nations and Iran to avoid escalating the situation further , Russia 's official Itar-Tass news agency reported . Responding to Wednesday 's bombing , Iran 's First Vice President Mohammad Reza Rahimi said the attacks against scientists would not stop the country from achieving its goals , IRNA reported . "  Iranian scientists become more determined to take steps in line with the aspirations of the Islamic Republic in spite of terrorist operations , " Rahimi told the news agency . The attack followed a similar mode of operation as others that have killed nuclear scientists in Iran 's capital city . And on January 12 , 2010 , Iranian university professor and nuclear scientist Massoud Ali Mohammadi died in a blast when an assailant stuck a bomb under his car . Majid Jamali Fashi , an Iranian , reportedly confessed to the bombing and was sentenced to death in August , IRNA reported at the time . Prosecutors accused him of working for Israel 's spy agency Mossad and said he was paid $ 120,000 by Israel to carry out the hit , Fars news agency reported . Israel does not comment on such claims . In November 2010 , nuclear scientist Majid Shahriari was killed in a blast where , again , a bomb was stuck under a car by someone on a motorcycle . Another nuclear scientist , Prof. Fereydoun Abbasi Davani , and his wife were injured in a similar attack . Abbasi is now director of the Iran Atomic Energy Organization . "  The bomb used in the  Wednesday  explosion was a magnetic bomb , the same kind that were used in previous assassinations of Iranian scientists . And the fact is that this is the work of the Zionists , " Fars news agency quoted Tehran 's Deputy Gov. Safarali Baratloo as saying . Iran uses the term "  Zionist " to refer to Israel . Iran has been engaged in a war of words with Israel , whom it accuses of trying to destabilize the republic . Mickey Segal , a former director of the Iranian department in the IDF Intelligence Branch , told Israel Army Radio that Wednesday 's attack was part of broader pressure being brought to bear on President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's regime . "  Many bad things have been happening to Iran in the recent period . Iran is in a situation where pressure on it is mounting , and the latest assassination joins the pressure that the Iranian regime is facing , " Segal said . The Jerusalem Post reported Wednesday that the Israeli military chief of staff Benny Gantz , speaking at a Knesset Foreign Affairs and Defense Committee meeting , warned that "  2012 will be a critical year in the connection between Iran gaining nuclear power , changes in leadership , continuing pressure from the international community and events that happen unnaturally . " Ali Ansari , a professor at the Institute for Iranian Studies at Scotland 's University of St. Andrews , said more information is needed about the victims to help determine who 's perpetrating the attacks . Some have speculated that the victims were members of the opposition movement and could have been targeted by internal forces , Ansari said . "  But if it is true that Israel is behind it , Iran should make a formal complaint to the U.N. so they can get an answer from Israel , " Ansari said . "  Because if they really think some other country is killing their nuclear experts , why are they not giving them more protection ? " CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr , Kevin Flower , Elise Labott , Jill Dougherty , Lateef Mungin , Mick Krever and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : Magnetic bombs were used in other Iran assassinations , ambassador says Secretary of State Hillary Clinton categorically denies U.S. involvement in the killing An Israeli military spokesman says he does not know who carried out the attack A bomb was put under Mostafa Ahmadi Roshan 's car , state-run IRNA news agency says
CNN  -- College football is in a real institutional identity crisis . The range of reactions to the Penn State scandal , from Penn State University itself to the NCAA to the American people , tells us that we do n't know what college football is or what it should be . Penn State University is confused . Mostly , it has reacted strongly and rightly , but it has not cleaned house . Joe Paterno , Graham Spanier and others are gone , but should Mike McQueary stay , and were there others on the Penn State coaching staff who were aware of Jerry Sandusky 's alleged actions ? And many other questions remain : Why were n't police immediately involved ? How did this stay covered up for so long ? The NCAA 's response has been little better . NCAA President Mark Emmert released a statement last week , saying , "  The NCAA will defer in the immediate term to law enforcement officials since this situation involved alleged crimes . ... To be clear , civil and criminal law will always take precedence over Association rules . " While perhaps technically correct , the victims , as well as the college football community , deserve more of a response than this . The American people are outraged , and rightfully so . It looks like the work of a monster  who still says he is not guilty  destroyed the lives of innocent children . He has forever tarnished the reputation of former and future Penn State students , athletes and coaches . This is the worst scandal in the history of college football . For it not to receive the worst punishment would be unjust . The college football "  death penalty "  the NCAA 's punishment that bans a school from participating in a sport for at least a year  has been given to only one football program , ever : Southern Methodist University in the 1987-88 season for numerous NCAA violations involving paying athletes under the table . SMU 's actions pale in comparison with what occurred at Penn State . But under NCAA rules , the criminal actions of a few men are not necessarily NCAA rules violations . The NCAA decides where criminal laws overlap with its rules . And so , from a legal standpoint , it 's possible that the Penn State football program will escape with less of a punishment than SMU . How the NCAA answers these questions may affect the future of college football . As is the case with so many recent college sports scandals , the events at Penn State call into question the effects of big money on the inside workings of college sports . Penn State football is a business -- an enormously profitable one , raking in more than $ 70 million a year . Joe Paterno 's salary alone was about $ 1 million annually . Penn State profits immensely from the success of its football program on the backs of unpaid amateur athletes . In many of these scandals , the players , often innocent and unprotected , are hurt the most , while the insulated , tight-lipped higher-ups of college boards and athletic programs fall back on their salaries and pensions . I say this as a longtime fan and admirer of college football , not an opportunistic critic . There are many big-money programs that are scandal free , like the University of Texas , the largest college football revenue generator in the country . Many big programs can navigate ethically because of their moral compasses . Similarly , many coaches and players never have ethical issues , and they should be applauded . But I 'm concerned about where the sport is headed . If college football is truly the amateur athletics wing of educational institutions , then these multimillion-dollar programs should be transparent and accountable . A student 's athletic performance should be tied to his academic achievement ; tighter age and eligibility restrictions should be implemented . In another fitting example , Yale quarterback Patrick Witt recently chose to play this Saturday in the Harvard-Yale game rather than attend his Rhodes scholarship interview , which happens to fall on the same day . Witt is free to choose of his liking , but he will forfeit the chance to win a Rhodes scholarship this year . The NCAA has remained silent about this , a clear opportunity to support or help a real student-athlete . Or college football can go the other way . If the NCAA manages college football like a professional , for-profit enterprise , the players should be treated likewise . While revenues to college football have skyrocketed , benefits to players have not . Players ca n't work jobs outside of football , but their school can sell their jersey for profits that they never see . Should these players accept gifts or contributions , the penalties can be more severe than what the NCAA could level on Penn State . Perhaps it 's time for an open and honest debate about giving stipends , living expenses and even salaries to college football players . Incentives could be in place that encourage players to follow NCAA guidelines while rewarding them for their performance . The NCAA 's shortcomings are not to blame for the alleged actions of Jerry Sandusky . However , the NCAA system sometimes fosters closed-door , insulated , big-money administrations whose best interest is at times to sweep scandals under the rug and protect its own . It 's time for change . College football should decide what it really is . Is it an amateur undertaking , subordinate to and supportive of education ? Or is it a farm system for the professional leagues ? Maybe it 's time it made up its mind . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William J. Bennett .	William Bennett : The NCAA is adopting a low profile in Penn State scandal He says Penn State is the most serious scandal confronted by college football The NCAA must take the lead in putting safeguards in place and in punishment , he says Bennett : It 's time for the NCAA to make up its mind about priorities in college football
Paris  CNN  -- Seven children are seriously ill in the French city of Lille after an E. Coli outbreak linked to frozen ground beef , French health authorities said Thursday . All seven , aged from 18 months to 8 years old , are being treated in a hospital for hemolytic uremic syndrome  HUS  -- a form of kidney failure related to a rare form of E. Coli -- according to the Nord-Pas-de-Calais regional health agency . The infection is not thought to be linked to a recent deadly E. Coli outbreak centered in Germany . The children are in a "  serious " condition but their lives are not in danger , local media reports say . French health agency spokesman Joelle Perrin said in a televised press conference that the strand of E. Coli was not the same as that found in German bean sprouts . The German outbreak has led to nearly 3,350 cases of HUC , resulting in 37 deaths as of June 14 , according to the World Health Organization . Almost all those cases were in people who had travelled to or lived in Germany . French regional health authorities have identified frozen ground beef sold in Lidl stores under the brand Steaks Country as linked to the infections in Lille . They have asked the manufacturer , SEB , to recall boxes of ground beef with sell-by dates of May 10-12 , 2012 . SEB has not yet issued a statement on the recall . CNN 's Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	All the children affected have cases of hemolytic uremic syndrome , a form of kidney failure , related to E. Coli infection French health authorities have linked the E. Coli outbreak to frozen ground beef The manufacturer has been asked to recall products connected to the infection Officials say there is no link to the recent deadly E. Coli infection centered in Germany
Editor 's Note : For more than two decades , world-renowned photojournalist Peter Turnley has covered nearly every significant news event and world conflict in Bosnia , Rwanda , Chechnya , Haiti , Indonesia , Afghanistan , Kosovo and Iraq . His photographs have graced the covers of Newsweek , National Geographic , Le Monde , Le Figaro and The London Sunday Times . Peter Turnley took this photo of an Obama supporter on Inauguration Day . NEW YORK  CNN  -- On Sunday morning , I boarded a bus in Brooklyn with a group of approximately 40 citizens from New York , all African-American , each of whom would not have missed for almost anything the inauguration of President Barack Obama . I have been a photojournalist for the past 25 years and have had the incredible opportunity to witness many of modern history 's defining moments : the fall of the Berlin Wall and the end of communism in Eastern Europe in 1989 , the end of apartheid in South Africa and Nelson Mandela walking out of prison in 1991 , and most of the world 's conflicts of the past three decades . This moment means ` everything is possible ' " When our bus pulled into Maryland on the eve of the inauguration , I knew after hearing the words of my fellow passengers , in some sense fellow pilgrims , that I was in the midst of a moment of history like maybe no other I had ever witnessed -- certainly in terms of its historic magnitude , and certainly not in America . It is the words of these passengers , and those of many others that I have met in the past two days , that are representative to some degree of what this moment means . Read more on the AC360 blog .	Photographer Peter Turnley covered President Barack Obama 's inauguration He traveled by bus with 40 African-Americans from Brooklyn , New York Moment was like no other "  in terms of its historic magnitude , " Turnley says
Some things you just know for a fact . First U.S. president : George Washington . First human to walk on the moon : Neil Armstrong . First to achieve powered flight : Orville and Wilbur Wright . Wrong . At least that 's what Connecticut says . State lawmakers passed a bill this week to honor Gustave Whitehead , who they claim beat the Wrights by two years . Gustave who ? Whitehead . According to a 1901 Connecticut newspaper account , Whitehead -- a German immigrant -- flew his aircraft 150 feet in the air for about a half mile over the city of Bridgeport . The claim has been backed up by a respected aviation reference guide . The debate has got the Smithsonian 's longtime aviation historian frustrated and worried . It also has triggered conspiratorial accusations about a "  secret agreement " between the revered museum and the Wright brothers . Let 's pause to remember that , hey , these guys are worldwide heroes . The image of their two-winged plane has appeared on U.S. money . On postage stamps , too . Kitty Hawk , North Carolina , where the Wrights flew , stands as a popular national landmark . It generates untold tourism dollars for a state that has labeled its car license tags with the words , "  First in Flight . " These are more than just bragging rights . A lot is at stake . This is a big deal . "  There is no legitimacy to the claim , " says Tom Crouch , the Smithsonian 's aviation historian . "  Justice is at risk . Credit should go where credit is deserved . " Not long after Whitehead 's alleged flight , Crouch says , experts tried to find witnesses quoted in the Connecticut newspaper 's account . Only one of two named witnesses could be found , says Crouch , and that witness said the flight never happened . If Whitehead really was first to fly , Crouch asks , "  why did n't he repeat it later ? Did he forget the secret of flight ? Then he started building machines based on other people 's designs . Why would he do that if his own inventions were successful ? " Ever since Whitehead 's flight , Crouch says "  absolutely everyone has rejected those claims . No one accepted them . " Until now . "  Jane 's All the World 's Aircraft , " a respected aviation reference guide , has endorsed the claim . Also , Australian aviation historian John Brown says he found key photographic evidence . Last March , while rummaging through a museum attic in Germany , Brown says he found a lost photo that may depict the plane in flight . "  It was quite an emotional moment for me . I just jumped up in the air screaming , " Brown says when experts confirmed that the photo was authentic . But does the photo show the plane in flight ? "  It 's just a blotch , " says Crouch , describing the blurry image . "  It 's not an airplane . " Brown agrees that the blurry image fails to offer definitive proof . But rather than trying to prove what the photograph shows or does n't show , Brown has been focusing on establishing the credibility of journalists and witness reports from the 1901 flight . Journalists in the 1930s and afterward interviewed 17 witnesses who said they saw Whitehead flying , Brown says . The stories by 14 of those witnesses were notarized . Based on his research , Brown believes Whitehead did indeed fly before the Wrights . Are you a window seater or aisle flier ? Then there 's that so-called "  secret agreement . " "  In fact , " Crouch says , "  it was never secret . " "  That 's not true , " Brown said later . "  It was n't subject to the official secrets act , but it was kept from the public . " To hear Crouch tell it , when the Wright family signed a contract to give the Smithsonian the brothers ' plane , the museum promised never to declare another aircraft the first to achieve powered flight . Crouch says the family "  stuck one clause into that contract that said if the Smithsonian ever says anybody flew before the Wright brothers , we have the right to take the airplane back . That clause is in fact still in the contract , " Crouch says . "  As an honest historian , I never felt bound by that clause . If I found evidence that I think indicated somebody else had flown before the Wrights , I would say so . " "  What else would you say in his shoes ? " asks Brown . "  And if that 's the case , why does n't he examine the Whitehead claim ? " Brown says he recently worked with the Smithsonian on a project for the Smithsonian Channel . Aviation geeks take on terrorismPlane spotter destinations offer aviation thrills For Connecticut state Rep. Charles Clemons Jr. , one of the sponsors of the bill , acknowledging Whitehead 's flight means money and prestige for his hometown . "  It will put Bridgeport on the map . " Clemons says , "  it will become synonymous with being first in flight , which would enable us to have a museum . With that , we would generate some tourist attractions . " With the economy being what it is these days , Clemons says the tourism dollars would be important to the region . Clemons mentions that Bridgeport is already known as the home of another flying object -- the Frisbee . But that claim also has been the subject of some debate . Does Clemons actually believe Whitehead was first ? "  Yeah , " he says confidently . He thinks history books should be re-written to say Whitehead beat the Wrights . No matter , says Crouch . The truth will win out . "  You ca n't legislate history , " he says . Brown says , "  it 's the Smithsonian that tried to negotiate history with this contract with the Wrights . " It 's back , but will Dreamliner live up to its name ? Meanwhile , the move puts Connecticut at odds with North Carolina and Ohio -- who 've been fighting amongst themselves for decades for a share of the Wright brothers ' tourism dollars . Most everybody knows about the brothers ' aviation experiments on the North Carolina dunes . But Ohio reminds the world that the Wrights lived in Dayton . There , in their bicycle shop , they invented and developed much of their aviation machinery . There 's a reason why the University of Dayton 's teams are called The Flyers . But what about Jane 's ? Their reference guide endorsement has to mean something , right ? As respected as Jane 's is , says Crouch , "  it 's not a historical publication . It 's a reference book . It 's damaging and that 's why it kind of worries me . " The Whitehead story , which pops up in the media every few decades , is dangerous , Crouch says , because it plants the seeds of doubt in a story which should be seen as indisputable . However , this is n't the only dispute against the Wright brothers ' legacy . Crouch says millions of Brazilians believe their pioneer aviator Alberto Santos-Dumont actually invented the airplane . "  Brazil claims Santos-Dumont was first because his aircraft had wheels , and the Wright 's launched on rails , " Crouch says . Whatever the case , Connecticut has started a brawl that could end up rewriting world history . Or it could all fade away in a blur of unproven claims . What do you think ? Are Connecticut lawmakers acting prematurely by officially declaring Whitehead as the first to achieve powered flight ? Let us know what you think in the comments section below .	Newly found photo questions whether Wright brothers made the first powered flight in 1903 Connecticut legislature OKs bill that says Gustave Whitehead flew first "  You ca n't legislate history , " says Smithsonian expert Aviation historian John Brown finds evidence pointing to powered flight in 1901
CNN  -- Russia have a 2-0 lead after the opening singles ' matches of their Fed Cup first round tie against Spain . Both Maria Sharapova and Svetlana Kuznetsova cruised to straight-sets victories against Silvia Soler-Espinosa and Carla Suarez Navarro respectively . Sharapova dropped just three games as she powered to a 6-2 6-1 victory , while Kuznetsova won almost as convincingly 6-3 6-1 . "  It was a little tough at the beginning and I felt a bit nervous as I did n't play so well last year and I really wanted to change that result and I really concentrated on my game even despite the fact that I did n't know that much about my opponent , " Sharapova said , FedCup.com reported . The tie between Ukraine and Italy is all-square thanks to a stunning 6-1 6-2 win for Lesia Tsurenko over Francesca Schiavone in Biella , Italy . The Ukrainian , ranked more than 100 places below the 2010 French Open champion , ran out at easy winner despite the Italian 's home soil advantage . Earlier , Sara Errani had put Italy head with a comfortable 6-2 6-3 victory over Kateryna Bondarenko to give the 2010 Fed Cup champions a 1-0 lead . Meanwhile in Stuttgart , world number two Petra Kvitova ensured the Czech Republic took a 2-0 on the opening day against Germany . The reigning Wimbledon champion won an epic match against Julia Goerges 3-6 6-3 10-8 to extend her unbeaten run on indoor courts to 26 matches . Earlier in the day , Iveta Benesova gave the Czechs a shock 1-0 lead by defeating Sabine Lisicki . Last year 's Wimbledon semi-finalist took the opening set but Benesova fought back to eventually prevail 2-6 6-4 6-2 . In Charleroi , Yanina Wickmayer put Belgium back on level terms against Serbia with a 6-4 6-4 win over Bojana Jovanovski after Jelena Jankovic had defeated Kirsten Flipkens 7-5 7-5 in the opening rubber .	Maria Sharapova helps Russia to a 2-0 lead in the opening matches of Fed Cup against Spain Czech Republic also in command of their tie against Germany in Stuttgart Ukraine and Italy all-square after opening day as are Belgium and Serbia
CNN  -- FIFA has taken action against several Caribbean football officials involved in the meeting that led to former presidential candidate Mohamed bin Hammam being banned for life . Hammam , who was to be Sepp Blatter 's only opponent at the June 1 election , had hoped to win votes at the Caribbean Football Union 's meeting on May 10-11 . However , the former Asian Confederation head withdrew from the race after being accused of offering cash to Caribbean delegates and this month lost an opening legal battle to be reinstated . FIFA 's ethics committee announced on Friday that Franka Pickering of the British Virgin Islands has been banned from all football-related activities for 18 months and fined 500 Swiss francs  $ 560  . Jamaica 's Horace Burrell was banned for six months , with half of that suspended for a two-year probationary period . Blazer to step down from CONCACAF role The committee handed 30-day bans to the Dominican Republic 's Osiris Guzman and Ian Hypolite of St. Vincent and the Grenadines , with half of those suspended . They were also fined 300 francs . Aubrey Liburd of the British Virgin Islands and Hillaren Frederick of its U.S. counterpart were fined the same amount , and reprimanded along with Anthony Johnson of St. Kitts and Nevis . FIFA handed warnings to David Hinds and Mark Bob Forde of Barbados , Trinidad & Tobago 's Richard Groden , Yves Jean-Bart of Haiti and Jamaica 's Horace Reid . Felix Ledesma of Dominican Republic was cleared , while the hearing of Guyana 's Noel Adonis was postponed . David Frederick  Cayman Islands  and Joseph Delves  St. Vincent and the Grenadines  escaped any interrogation as they are no longer football officials .	World football 's governing body FIFA punishes Caribbean officials Quartet banned after meeting in which cash was allegedly offered for votes Others were fined , warned and reprimanded for their involvement in May event Meeting in question involved former FIFA vice-president Mohamed bin Hammam
Michelle Crumrine was out of town when a tornado tore through her neighborhood . She returned to Washington , Illinois , to find pieces of her life strewn about where her house once stood . "  A lot of people have a pile of rubble still , " she said , "  and I do n't have anything . ... It 's gone . I do n't know where it went . " Nearby , rescuers with flashlights trudged through the neighborhood in the dark of night , searching for signs of life in the wreckage . As a severe weather system slammed the Midwest on Sunday , spawning dozens of tornadoes , flash floods and hail , this town of 10,000 people was among the hardest hit . A neighborhood was flattened , at least one person died and dozens in the area were injured . Across the state , officials said six people were killed in storms . In two communities , storms destroyed at least 70 homes , according to Jonathon Monken , director of the Illinois Emergency Management Agency . Rescuers were trying to reach people trapped in their basements , he said . One hospital in Peoria was treating 37 patients with injuries . The outbreak also forced fans to evacuate the stands for nearly two hours during an NFL game in Chicago . "  It was complete destruction , " said Anthony Khoury , who lives in Washington . "  There are people in the streets crying . " As a tornado neared his home , Khoury prayed and recorded a video of the dark twister churning toward him . "  The tornado happened in my backyard , and you can hear people screaming , " he told CNN 's iReport . "  We were freaking out . " While his house survived the storm , Khoury said others in the neighborhood were n't as lucky . Video from CNN affiliate WMBD showed one Washington neighborhood where a tornado smashed cars and houses , littering the ground with broken wood beams and flinging furniture and debris onto lawns , sidewalks and streets . "  I grabbed my daughter and ran , " one storm survivor told WMBD . In nearby Peoria , Mayor Jim Ardis said his city was planning to send aid to help storm recovery in Washington , where a tornado hit what he described as a "  very densely populated area . " "  It 's just absolutely unbelievable , " he said . Jack Lance , who lives in Pekin , said he saw a lot of wreckage in his town . "  We saw trees down , houses with their roofs completely torn off . I saw a lot of people in distress with their homes destroyed , " he said . "  It was n't a pretty sight . " Officials delayed the NFL game between the Chicago Bears and Baltimore Ravens for nearly two hours as storms approached Chicago , warning spectators to leave the stands at Soldier Field and head for covered areas . "  The rain started coming , the skies got black , the wind was insane , and they evacuated us to underneath the concrete concourse , " said Jim Arnold , who was at the game with his 11-year-old daughter . "  We 've been through 15-degree-below weather and winds , but never anything like this , " Arnold said . "  The winds gusted at 70 mph , and the winds and the rain were horizontal and everybody was running . It was just crazy . " Fans returned to their seats and the game resumed mid-afternoon after the storm passed . But for other cities in the region , severe weather was on the way . Throughout the region , at least 67 tornadoes had been reported as of 10:15 p.m. Sunday , the National Weather Service said . "  These storms having been moving so fast today , it 's been hard to keep up , " said storm chaser Tony Laubach , who spoke to CNN as he watched a tornado touch down outside Lebanon , Indiana . In Illinois , two deaths were reported in Nashville ; one in Washington ; one near Brookport ; and one near Unionville , according to officials . Monken said there were at least 11 confirmed tornado touchdowns , and officials there expect the number of storm-related injuries to grow . In Oak Lawn , a wind gust of 86 mph was recorded as a severe thunderstorm rolled through the area . In Washington County , Illinois , an EF4 tornado packing a peak wind of 166 mph hit , leaving a path of destruction that stretched more than three miles , according to a preliminary survey by the National Weather Service . At least six trucks overturned on highways about 80 miles west of Chicago due to high winds , the Ogle County Sheriff 's Office said . In a Twitter post , Indiana State Police shared a photo of twisted metal , piles of debris and the shell of a school building . More than 160,000 people are without power across the state , said John Erickson , a spokesman for the Indiana Department of Homeland Security . Storms damaged a mall and a bank and collapsed the roof of a fire station in Kokomo , Indiana , said Larry Smith , emergency management director in Howard County . Some houses had their roofs torn off when a tornado hit the area , he said . Officials in Kokomo declared a state of emergency and closed schools for Monday , according to the city 's Twitter account . Indiana Gov. Mike Pence is scheduled to tour the storm damage there on Monday , his office said . Teams from the National Weather Service are set to survey damage throughout the region . Incredible footage of a tornado in Washington , Illinois In Missouri , state emergency officials said a tornado may have hit Scott County , where heavy winds overturned three rail cars , blew over four mobile homes and damaged five fixed homes on foundations . In Michigan , high winds knocked out power to at least 390,000 customers , utility companies said . And in Ohio , more than 75,000 residents were without power after the storm hit , emergency officials said . This is a particularly dangerous situation , the National Weather Service said in a bulletin released Sunday morning . CNN meteorologist Karen Maginnis said the weather outbreak came later in the year than some might expect . "  The primary time for tornadoes , as we well know , is springtime . Then we see a second high that comes in the fall , " she said . "  Is this late ? It is rather late , because the temperatures have been very warm . " A "  very vigorous " low-pressure system is moving across the Great Lakes , she said . "  On the backside of that , temperatures are dramatically cooler . So that cold air is filtering in behind it , warm air out ahead of it , " she said . "  And ... we get some twisting motion in the atmosphere . And that 's why we see this tornadic activity . "	A third person died in Massac County , Illinois , bringing the state total death toll to 6 High winds knock out power to 390,000 in Michigan 67 tornadoes were reported across the region "  I do n't have anything . ... It 's gone , " a storm victim says
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Are you one of the seemingly few Americans in the market for a car ? There are more of you out there than you might think . Clark Howard : Before jumping at all the new car deals , think about the bigger picture of car ownership costs . CNW Marketing Research , a respected automotive marketing research firm , reports that 4 million used cars were purchased in the United States during the month of May alone . That 's amazing when you consider that the market for new cars is 9 million in the United States over the course of an entire 12 months . Yet do n't overlook the new car as a potential purchase just yet . New data from Comerica Bank 's Auto Affordability Index shows that new cars are now the most affordable they 've been since records started being kept in 1979 . In fact , the average new car is now $ 1,700 cheaper than it was during the last quarter of 2008 . And we 've got more price cuts coming because of oversupply . As you probably know , I 'm a used car guy , the self-proclaimed champion of driving a car until the wheels fall off . So I ca n't believe the advice that I am about to give ... but it 's now possible to get a better deal on a brand new car than on a relatively new used car . Watch Clark Howard talk to a woman who learned what not to do when buying a used car " It 's really just a classic case of supply and demand . The used car market is up about 23 percent , and new car sales are down 34 percent , according to CNW . More new cars on dealer lots mean more deals for you . But realize this : It 's just a temporary phenomenon . Do not take this blip on the radar as gospel for the future ; in most instances , a used car will almost always be a better buy . Just not right now . When buying a new vehicle , you want to start by arranging your financing first . Go to your bank or credit union and prequalify for a car loan or apply online . This will tell you how much car you can afford and what type of monthly payment you will have to budget . Next , you want to get a price for the car you have in mind . In the past , I 've talked about using CarsDirect.com to get a guaranteed quote . A car dealer then can do his or her best to beat that online quote and win your business . In some cases , the price from CarsDirect.com winds up being the best a consumer can get . But now there 's a new kid on the block known as Zag.com . This service gives buyers instant guaranteed upfront prices from a network of certified dealers . It also offers an easy delivery process that helps you avoid "  the grind " at a dealership . Do you know what "  the grind " is ? That 's when you 're at a dealer lot , and the sales representative says he or she will go talk to the manager about getting you the best deal . Instead they go watch TV for five minutes , and then come back and tell you that the manager could n't help out with a good price -- despite their best efforts on your behalf . That 's why sites such as Zag and CarsDirect are so appealing ; they take you out of the car dealers ' ballpark and put you on level playing ground . But before you jump at all the new car deals , take a moment to think about the bigger picture of car ownership costs . It 's more than just the sticker price and the expense of gas . AAA reports that the true annual cost of owning and operating a car is $ 9,369 . Ouch . That $ 9,369 takes into account somewhat hidden costs such as insurance , maintenance , interest on a car note , depreciation and other factors . Hey , maybe driving your current car until the wheels fall off is still a great idea .	Four million used cars reportedly purchased in the U.S. during May Average new car is $ 1,700 cheaper than during the last quarter of 2008 , data shows Clark Howard : Arrange financing first to see how much car you can afford AAA reports the annual cost of owning and operating a car is $ 9,369
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- The police chief in Cancn has been relieved of his duties and placed under house arrest while he is investigated in the killing of a retired Mexican general who had been the area 's anti-drug chief for less than 24 hours , Mexican media are reporting . A Mexican soldier guards the entrance at a Cancn police station where the military is investigating a murder . Francisco Velasco Delgado was detained by military officials early Monday and flown to Mexico City , where he was placed under 45 days of house arrest , according to the media reports . With Delgado 's removal , the military has taken over the Cancn police force , several newspapers reported . Cancn Mayor Gregorio Sanchez Martinez said the move was made "  to facilitate all types of investigations into the triple murder that happened last week , " the Diario de Yucatan newspaper said . Salvador Rocha Vargas , the secretary for public security for the state of Quintana Roo , will lead the police force . He said he will take all the pertinent measures "  to clean up the Cancn police , " the Excelsior newspaper reported Tuesday . Retired Gen. Mauro Enrique Tello Quinonez 's bullet-riddled body was found a week ago on a road outside Cancn . Authorities said he had been tortured before being shot 11 times . His aide and a driver also were tortured and killed . Quintana Roo state prosecutor Bello Melchor Rodriguez y Carrillo said last week there was no doubt Tello and the others were victims of organized crime . "  The general was the most mistreated , " Rodriguez y Carrillo said at a news conference . "  He had burns on his skin and bones in his hands and wrists were broken . " An autopsy revealed he also had broken knees . Tello had been appointed less than 24 hours earlier as a special drug-fighting consultant for Gregorio Sanchez Martinez , the mayor of the Benito Juarez municipality , which includes the city of Cancn . Tello , who retired from the army in January at the mandatory age of 63 , had moved to the resort area three weeks ago . Mexico is undergoing an unprecedented wave of violence that some have likened to a civil war . The government is battling drug cartels as the traffickers fight each other for control of the lucrative illicit market . Tello was the second high-ranking army officer to be killed in the area in the past few years . Lt. Col. Wilfrido Flores Saucedo and his aide were gunned down on a Cancn street in 2006 . That crime remains unsolved . The latest killings come as Mexico grapples with the highest violent-death rate in its history . Mexican Attorney General Eduardo Medina Mora reported in December there had been around 5,400 slayings in 2008 , more than double the 2,477 tallied in 2007 . There already have been more than 400 drug-related killings this year , according to some news accounts .	Mexican media says local chief put under house arrest for 45 days With Francisco Velasco Delgado 's removal , military takes control of police Mayor : Delgado 's detainment to "  facilitate all types of investigations " into murder Retired general killed after being area 's anti-drug chief for less than 24 hours
CNN  Another Kardashian heard from . Usually the Kardashian-industrial complex is dominated by comments and social media postings from Kim , followed closely by Khloe and perhaps one of the Jenner children . But on Sunday , it was Rob , the youngest of the four Kardashian siblings , who drew most of the attention . In an Instagram post , Rob Kardashian compared his sister to the sociopathic Amy Dunne , the murderous wife played by Rosamund Pike in "  Gone Girl . " "  My sister kim , the b **** from Gone Girl , , , " he posted . He accompanied the text with a photo of Pike 's character drenched in blood , fresh from  spoiler alert !  killing her ex-boyfriend . He also unfollowed his entire family , though he changed his mind later . It 's not the first time Rob has been at odds with the heavily spotlighted Kardashian clan . He missed out on Kim 's wedding to Kanye West , with various  unnamed , of course  gossip sources reporting at the time that he was n't getting along with members of his family . Khloe Kardashian , who has stayed close to Rob , told Wonderwall.com that he may have a "  kind of social anxiety . " "  I just feel , especially over the last year , Rob has become very introverted and has a kind of social anxiety , " she said . "  He 's definitely not at his happiest place that he once was , and I know he can get to that happy place and he will . "	Rob Kardashian posts a pic from "  Gone Girl " on Instagram He compares the lead character to his sister Kim Rob Kardashian has had an uneven relationship with family members
CNN  -- The gunshot wounds to two Ohio boys found dead in their grandparents ' home are consistent with a homicide-suicide , a coroner said Friday . The two boys , who were half-brothers , were found Wednesday in Jackson , Ohio , about 75 miles south of Columbus . They were identified as Austin Wiseman , 12 , and Blake Campbell , 9 . Both boys suffered gunshot wounds to the head . The nature of the wounds and the bullets in their bodies indicated that the killings were a homicide-suicide , but it is not known whether they were accidental or intentional , said Dr. Gregory Hawker , the Jackson County coroner . "  We ca n't tell -- we might not ever know , " he said . Family and friends have suggested that the older boy accidentally shot his younger brother and then was overcome with grief and turned the gun on himself , but there is no way to prove that forensically . "  Authorities have taken the older boy 's computer to make sure there 's no indication of ill intent , " Hawker said . The older boy had become obsessed with guns in the last few weeks , he said . The boys lived with their grandparents and were unsupervised when the shooting happened , he said . The shooting occurred in an upstairs bedroom . "  That 's crazy to think two young boys are dead , and no one knows anything about it , " neighbor Michael Hatley told CNN affiliate WSAZ . Opinion : How we can keep kids from shooting people	Two boys , ages 9 and 12 , were found shot dead in Jackson , Ohio , on Wednesday The coroner says the incident was a homicide-suicide But it is not known whether the deaths were accidental or intentional Boys lived with grandparents , were unsupervised when the shooting occurred , coroner says
Police locked down New Delhi 's key government district ahead of Monday 's visit by Russian President Vladimir Putin , after two days of pitched street battles following the gang rape of a woman on a bus . Putin is scheduled to meet with Indian prime minister Manmohan Singh Monday afternoon and later with the Indian president . Authorities erected security barriers throughout the city 's Raisina Hills area -- home to the presidential mansion , the parliament building and federal ministerial blocks . Only those authorized to work in the district were allowed to pass . Surviving rape , iReporters speak out Furious weekend demonstrations rocked Raisina Hills as public outrage surged after a 23-year-old woman was sexually assaulted and beaten to near death on a bus on December 16 by a group of six suspects , now under arrest , police say . Singh again expressed solidarity with the rape victim in a televised address on Monday . He also reiterated an earlier appeal for calm and a pledge of safety for women and children . On Sunday , incensed protesters defied a police ban on demonstrations , clashing repeatedly with police . As officers sprayed water cannons , some dispersed , while others huddled tightly in a circle to brave high-pressure streams in the cold December weather . "  We want justice ! " the protesters shouted in chorus . Read more : New Delhi police fire water cannon at Indian rape protest In addition to banners and cardboard placards , many demonstrators carried Indian flags as they scuffled with police . Authorities also fired tear gas to try to break up crowds . Police spokesman Rajan Bhagat said "  hooligans who had joined the protesters " hurled stones , injuring 78 officers on Sunday . At least 65 protesters were also injured , he said . Many police vans and a dozen public buses were damaged during the demonstrations , he said . Read more : Indian prime minister calls for calm after violence erupts during anti-rape rallies By Sunday night , the scene was cleared of all protesters . Earlier in the day , Singh called for calm after clashes escalated . "  We will make all possible efforts to ensure security and safety to all women in this country , " the Indian leader said . "  I appeal to all concerned citizens to maintain peace and calm . " In his statement , Singh acknowledged that the anger is "  genuine and justified . " Read more : Opinion : India 's rape problem needs a rewiring of society 's attitude Authorities have n't released the name of the rape victim , but protesters are calling her "  Damini , " which means "  lightning " in Hindi . "  Damini " is also a 1993 Bollywood film whose lead female character fights for a housemaid , a victim of a sexual assault . "  We support you Damini . We 'll keep fighting for you , " a middle-aged woman at the historic India Gate said Sunday . "  Damini wants justice , " read a placard at the protest . The rape victim 's injuries were so severe she spent days in intensive care in a city hospital , battling for her life . Police said Saturday that she had recovered enough to give a statement to a magistrate from her hospital bed the night before . But on Sunday , she underwent another surgery to wash out infection in her abdomen , her doctors said . The protests were among many anti-rape demonstrations staged across the country over the past week . A video journalist was killed by police gunfire Sunday during a violent protest in India 's remote northeastern state of Manipur , authorities said . The journalist , identified by the information and broadcasting ministry as Dhij Mani , was covering a protest against a separate molestation case in the provincial capital of Imphal . Protests have rocked Manipur over the alleged molestation of a local actress by a suspected militant on December 18 , during a public performance , authorities say . Protesters torched a vehicle , forcing police to open fire , officer Manik Longjam said Sunday . The journalist died in the gunfire , Longjam said . Police say the molester is still at large . Reported rape cases have increased more than tenfold over the past 40 years -- from 2,487 in 1971 to 24,206 in 2011 , according to official figures . New Delhi alone reported 572 rapes last year and more than 600 in 2012 . As fury about the assault gathered pace , some Indian lawmakers called for treating rape as a capital crime . "  We 'll work collectively to see we make a law which is deterrent and preventive , " said New Delhi 's chief minister , Sheila Dikshit . India 's home minister Sushilkumar Shinde told reporters Saturday that the government would work toward increasing punishment in "  rarest of the rare " rape cases . But pressed on whether the administration would agree to demands for death by hanging in such instances , he said : "  We 'll have to see in what way it  the rape sentencing  can be enhanced . " Shinde said the government was pushing for a speedy trial for the attack . Authorities are also taking a number of steps to improve security for women in New Delhi , particularly on public transport , he said . "  The  government shares the widespread concern and support that has been expressed throughout society for the girl who has so suffered . Government also respects the right of legitimate protest , " Shinde said . "  At the same time , there is need to exercise calm at this juncture and for everyone to work together to improve the safety and security environment . "	Russian President Vladimir Putin is due visit India Monday New Delhi 's government district is under a lockdown Protesters demonstrate after the gang rape of a woman on a bus Police say the woman was badly beaten and left for dead
Washington  CNN  -- On one of the coldest nights of the year , there was no mistaking the northwest Washington home of Democratic operatives Kiki and Joe McLean with the Mississippi Delta or Alabama Gulf Coast . But it smelled like the South inside the stately brick home Thursday night , attendees said . The aroma of black-eyed peas , ham , biscuits and sweet tea drifted from room to room as roughly 60 Democratic operatives chatted and exchanged ideas about how their party , one that once dominated the South , could start a comeback from years of Republican victories . The Southern Progress Fund , a super PAC of Democrats whose goal is to provide money and infrastructure to down-ballot Democrats in the South -- state legislators , attorneys general and mayors -- put on the "  Southern Supper . " "  We are trying to turn the South blue , " said Amanda Crumley , the group 's executive director . "  This event is all about how Democrats can win in the South again . " And no detail at the event diverged from that goal , Crumley said . For dessert , the group turned traditional red velvet cupcakes blue , symbolic of what it 's trying to do in the South . First on CNN : Republicans move to overhaul 2016 primary LBJ 's gloomy prediction Since President Lyndon Johnson signed the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , only two Democratic presidential campaigns have won Mississippi , Alabama or Georgia : Native son Jimmy Carter swept the Deep South in 1976 , while Southerner Bill Clinton won Georgia nearly 20 years later . But those victories are distant memories . Johnson proved to be a prophet . After signing the landmark civil rights legislation , he lamented to an aide : "  I think we just delivered the South to the Republican Party for a long time to come . " In 2012 , for example , out of the 25 congressional districts in those three states , Republicans won all but seven . All three states have a Republican governor , and Republicans control each state 's legislature . Will challenges from right hurt GOP chances of taking back Senate ? Nevertheless , Southern Democrats said they are poised to make a comeback and prove Johnson 's "  long time to come " is over . They point out the generation that vehemently rejected Johnson 's Civil Rights Act is dying off . And in its place is a younger , more progressive and diverse group of Southerners . "  His prophecy was right , but that generation is about over now , " said Rickey Cole , chairman of the Mississippi Democratic Party . "  It can happen . In order to win in this part of the country , we have to play a nearly perfect game , and we have to capitalize on any fumbles and turnovers on the other side . But we can win . " Rebuilding in red America Democrats once dominated the region . Between 1876 and 1964 , Georgia only went against a Democrat once in presidential elections . Mississippi and Alabama , likewise , supported a candidate other than a Democrat two times . Their stranglehold on Southern politics bred loyal , proud Democrats who tightened their grip . But when political fortunes turned , they turned quickly . Democrats have won some statewide races but faced repeated national and congressional defeats . In looking back on the years of the "  Solid South , " some Democrats said they now believe their near-century of dominance hurt the party . "  Southern Democrats never developed an opposition type or style of party that you have to be in today 's world , " said former Mississippi Gov. Ronnie Musgrove , a founder of the Southern Progress Fund . "  Democrats in the South have not had the ability to push back on various issues . " The biggest campaign moments of 2013 Musgrove 's point : If there is political parity , each party understands winning and losing . When the massive shift of power occurred in the 1960s and '70s , Democrats were n't prepared to be in the minority and did n't have the infrastructure to dig themselves out . Musgrove , who ran a competitive but losing race for the Senate in 2008 against Republican Sen. Roger Wicker , said for years during the Republican domination of the South , he thought the national party would swoop in to help rebuild . But it never happened . "  I kept waiting for someone to ride in on a white horse and say , ` Here is help , ' " Musgrove said with a laugh . "  Now , there is some obligation in the South for us , as Democrats , to make sure that we work to built that infrastructure , that bench , and that we help . " That 's the mission of Musgrove 's super PAC . The group plans to help candidates by not only raising money but by also providing campaigns with data about which voters in a certain area are persuadable -- information that has helped Democrats on the national level . In the South , Musgrove points out , that information could be even more important . With a small margin for error in most races , knowing which voters could be persuaded by a Democrat 's argument is key , he said . What 's more , the former governor sees the effort as not only a way to win the South as soon as possible but also to help create a culture of winning . "  From our vantage point , successful candidates are well-funded candidates that have the resources and infrastructure to get their message out , " said Crumley , the group 's executive director . Searching for signs of hope Ask a Southern Democrat if he or she can win statewide , and you will get a wide array of anecdotes and theories . Some point to the last Democratic governor in each state , while others to President Barack Obama winning 43.5 % of the vote in Mississippi without spending any money there in 2012 . But the most often-cited anecdote -- by far -- is the success that Southern Democrats had in 2013 municipal elections in Mississippi . For the first time in nearly 30 years , a Democrat was elected mayor of Tupelo , while Meridian elected its first-ever black mayor -- a Democrat . After the win , Southern Democrats heralded the day as "  Blue Tuesday " and celebrated the victories as a sign of things to come . 10 more secrets from campaign 2012 The key to those races , operatives say , is that Southern Democrats managed them and proved -- in a small way -- that winning in a deep red state is not impossible . "  It is essential to build bottom up and especially in the South as we reconnect with voters and share a consistent and solid message out there that is different from the Republicans , " said Burns Strider , a Democrat from the South who worked with Hillary Clinton 's 2008 presidential campaign . Strider , who has long helped national Democrats reach Southern voters , said he is more hopeful than ever before that Democrats could make headway in local elections in 2014 and 2016 . Speaking with an unmistakably Mississippi twang , Strider said the key to winning "  persuadable voters " in the South is convincing them you share similar heritage and values . "  We are Southerners , we are Democrats ; we hold the same values you do , " he said , mimicking the pitch he could make to voters . "  We are moving a little bit beyond strident partisanship , and we are able to develop messages now that are going to stick . " Musgrove echoed that message . "  I may not know how to run a commissioner 's race in New York , but I do know how to win in Mississippi , " he said . "  I do know that Alabama is the No. 1 team in America . I do know where Talladega is . I do know what NASCAR racing is about , and I attend a lot . " Their point : It takes Southerners to win in the South . Hitting the ` white win number ' Roy Barnes is Georgia 's last Democratic governor to date . He won 53 % of the overall vote in 1998 , but there was a stark black-white divide -- Barnes lost the white vote by 21 % but won the African-American vote by a whopping 82 % . For Barnes , the key to victory was not getting too buried by losing the white vote and winning big with the black vote , according to Jon Anzalone , a pollster who focuses on Southern Democrats . Any Democrat running in the Deep South , he said , should expect to lose the white vote . "  Whether you are running for governor or senator , it is about hitting the white win number , " Anzalone said . "  You have to hit a certain number of whites , which means you have to make a certain number of whites comfortable that you are a Southern Democrat and not a national Democrat . " But for Democrats in the South , there is a noticeable push and pull between the gains they are making because of changing demographics -- with both Georgia and Mississippi now more than 30 % black -- and the negative setbacks the national party is causing because of unpopular positions on guns , religion and many social issues that even Democrats admit Republicans have won on down South . So as reliably Democratic voters -- African-Americans and Hispanics -- move into these states and slowly lighten the shade of red , Republican candidates have made it a point to tie their Democratic challengers to the national party . "  The comparisons were that I was a another Nancy Pelosi , " said Bill Luckett , who became the Democratic mayor of Clarksdale , Mississippi , this year . "  I got bashed with it a bit , " he said with a laugh , noting that he thought it would be hard to turn a gray-haired , burly Mississippian with a thick drawl into Pelosi , the liberal House minority leader who hails from the San Francisco area . Pollster Anzalone admits that one of the biggest problems Southern Democrats have is "  the perception of what a national Democrat is . " But the Pelosi comparison did n't stick to Luckett , and he won the Clarksdale mayor 's race fairly easy . What he had working in his favor were demographics -- Clarksdale is a majority-black town in the Mississippi Delta . Some see a problem with being tied to the national party , while others -- such as Musgrove -- believe that while in some races "  candidates will need to differentiate themselves , " the majority of Southern Democrats "  have a lot to be proud of " in the national party . Musgrove acknowledges that turning the South blue will be difficult . "  Most people would say that just could n't happen , " he said . But in his opinion , Democrats have to try .	Super PAC has a steep climb to try to take back South from Republicans Democrats once held stranglehold on region , which has turned red since 1960s Southern Democrats believe they have to create a culture of winning from cycle to cycle They point to small victories in campaigns that Southern Democrats managed
Oprah.com  -- I have this friend , Sarah . Since meeting in our thirties , we 've shared many of life 's essentials : hairdressers , dog-walkers , phobias  airplanes and mice  , health scares , worries over our kids , and insomnia caused by husbands who snore . But lately I 'm aware that whenever Sarah calls I feel a tightness in my chest and , more often than not  thanks to caller ID  , I do n't pick up the phone . I feel guilty , but that 's preferable to spending hours listening to Sarah complain . I 've been meaning to tell her how I feel , but I have n't quite worked up the nerve . Most of the time I feel like a bad boyfriend . Then there 's Natalie , whom I fell in love with when I was 9 . We became inseparable and , at one point , I secretly tried to find out if it was possible to be adopted by your best friend 's family if your own parents were still alive . It was n't until college and postcollegiate life on opposite sides of the country that we drifted apart . But we never lost touch and , years later , when I moved with my husband to the city where Natalie lives , she seemed thrilled . She threw a dinner party in our honor and did everything possible to make us feel at home . Then , after about six months , Natalie suddenly stopped calling , and whenever I tried to make a date she claimed she was too busy and got off the phone , fast . To this day -- ten years later -- I have no idea why she gave me the boot . Now when our paths cross , we greet each other like distant acquaintances and I feel bruised all over again . Oprah.com : What to do when you feel left out It is strange that friendships , which nourish and sustain us and often provide our deepest source of connection , lack the sort of standards that are routine in romantic relationships . If your significant other stops calling , makes impossible demands , or treats you like roadkill , you deal with it . It may not be easy -- you may put it off -- but eventually you 'll find out where you stand . Not so with friends . "  You do n't get together and say , ` I 'm really mad at you , I 'm not going to see you anymore , ' " says Ruthellen Josselson , PhD , a Baltimore psychotherapist and coauthor with Terri Apter , PhD , of "  Best Friends : The Pleasures and Perils of Girls ' and Women 's Friendships . " "  To the extent that we have a ritual , it 's not calling , not getting together . But that makes it difficult to know when someone is distant because she does n't want to be your friend or because something 's going on in her life that 's keeping her from being in touch . " Oprah.com : The friendship test So how do you know you 're being fired ? And what do you do when you 're at your wit 's end -- as I am with Sarah -- and ready to issue a pink slip of your own ? "  It 's a complicated dance . We start learning the steps when we 're quite young , and they do n't change all that much , " Josselson says . If nobody calls or makes a move , if you run into each other and say , "  Let 's do lunch , " but do n't , if one person is suddenly booked until 2013 , sooner or later the message gets through . Luckily , most friendships have a natural life cycle . Often we 're drawn together by circumstance -- work , the single life , kids -- and as our situations change , we gradually drift apart . On a deeper level , our friendships mirror our internal life . "  As we gain a stronger sense of self , what used to matter no longer does , and we 're bound to outgrow certain friendships , " says Florence Falk , PhD , a New York City psychotherapist . "  Once you 're aware of that , without being cruel or feeling guilt-ridden , you can begin to let go of relationships that no longer nourish your most authentic self . " Occasionally , though , a friend all but forces a clean break . My pal Nancy reports , "  I 'd been close to Anne for years , but at a certain point I felt overwhelmed by her need for me . She acted as if I belonged to her and became resentful when I socialized with other people . I felt drained , suffocated . When I tried to talk to her about it I got nowhere , so I wrote her an e-mail explaining that I just could n't be friends with her anymore . " Anne was predictably enraged and fired off a response accusing Nancy of being selfish and uncaring . But even though the exchange was painful , Nancy emerged feeling as if a great weight had been lifted . In my own life , I seem to have a knack for attracting needy friends . Even though I joke about my nonpaying "  caseload , " I struggle to set limits . "  Women seem to be both hardwired and socialized to be nurturing , " says Sandy Sheehy , author of "  Connecting : The Enduring Power of Female Friendship . " The upshot is that many of us get stuck in draining relationships . Sheehy tells the story of Martha , a graduate student , wife , and mother who felt sucked dry by an emotionally dependent friend . After unsuccessfully trying the usual stop-calling-and-drift method , Martha found a way to extricate herself while allowing the other woman to preserve her dignity . She said , "  I ca n't be the friend you want me to be . " Sheehy says , "  Martha took the burden of inadequacy on herself . " It 's like a boyfriend telling you , "  I ca n't love you the way you deserve , " instead of saying , "  I do n't love you . " Oprah.com : The cure for a compulsive helper Sheehy also recommends explicitly calling it quits if you have what she terms an enabling friendship . "  Maybe you started out as drinking pals or shared a shopping jones , but now you want to stop the behavior that brought you together , " she says . "  It 's more responsible to admit that you do n't think you can maintain intimacy and not binge than to pretend you ca n't see her because you 've suddenly taken up scuba diving . " Although the troublesome twins -- envy and jealousy -- are at the root of many breakups , they 're more difficult to address gracefully . Ruth , a moderately successful painter , remained silent on the occasion of her friend Carolyn 's first solo art show . When Carolyn asked her why , Ruth said she thought it best not to respond because she hated the work . "  It was obvious that she hated me for getting a one-woman show before she did , but she could n't admit it , " Carolyn says . The former bosom buddies have n't exchanged a word since . Sadly , many friendships end needlessly because we 're afraid to acknowledge conflict . "  If you notice you 're withdrawing from someone who really matters to you , you have to ask yourself why , " Josselson says , adding that we anticipate tension in our relationships with men , but not with other women . But at some point , any meaningful friendship is bound to provoke difficult feelings . "  Once you accept that , you can talk about things as they come up and there 's a good chance you 'll become closer , " she says . Oprah.com : Who 's never going to let you down ? Sometimes the conditions of a relationship change , especially one forged during a time of mutual crisis , but the unspoken contract on which the friendship is based stays the same -- which is what happened to my cousin Paula and her best friend , Elaine . The two women became joined at the hip when both were having marital problems . "  It was almost like another marriage , " Paula says . "  We did everything together . " Eventually , Paula and her husband resolved their differences , while Elaine and her husband parted . "  I was terrified to tell Elaine that even though I still loved her , our friendship could no longer be as all-consuming , " Paula says . "  But I knew that if I did n't say something , I 'd withdraw completely . " Fortunately , Elaine was able to adjust her expectations and the pair found a new way of relating that was comfortable for both . Despite our best intentions , talking does n't always repair the rift : Not everyone is able to listen without becoming defensive or blaming the other person . Feelings stirred up by a close friend often echo unresolved issues from childhood , like sibling rivalry or fear of abandonment , and unless those feelings are acknowledged , no amount of discussion can save the relationship . "  My friend Gail seemed to have me confused with her older sister , whose attention she 'd always craved , " says Joan . "  I spent years trying to convince her that I really cared , but eventually I threw up my hands . I told her I did n't have the time or energy to give her the constant reassurance she needed . " Gail felt hurt and rejected , and a 20-year bond was severed in a single phone call . Bottom line : There 's no single template for friendship . Some people are in our lives because they carry a precious shard of our history , while others reflect our passions and priorities right now . Still others are in danger of becoming ex-friends because we 're either too preoccupied to pick up the phone or too scared to speak our minds . As Virginia Woolf said , "  I have lost friends , some by death -- others through sheer inability to cross the street . " Which brings me back to Sarah : I 'm not sure where this friendship is headed , but I realize I still care enough to cross the street and let her know why I 've been so out of touch . As for Natalie , I hope that one day she 'll do the same . Oprah.com : More than a shoulder to cry on : The surprising benefits of friendship Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM &  2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Techniques for ending a friendship you ca n't stand any longer Women are "  bound to outgrow certain friendships , " says New York City psychotherapist If a friend is suddenly booked until 2013 , it 's a sign the friendship is over
CNN  -- On ABC 's "  This Week " on Sunday , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder , who happens to be black , suggested that opposition to him and President Barack Obama in part is due to racial animus . For that , he has been vilified . He has been accused of trying to scare people to the polls  as if listening to the evening news would n't already do that  , stoking racial divisions and throwing down the race card . And he is asked rhetorically "  is it possible to oppose Obama and not be a racist ? " The response to the attorney general 's words has been very heated , and there is an obvious explanation . "  This Week " allowed many whites to hear what a black man is thinking about race . Most whites do n't know because most whites do n't have interracial conversations about race . To be fair , neither do most blacks . It 's just that we know what other blacks are thinking because , well , we talk to other blacks about race . "  This Week " allowed a window into the thinking about race from a black person 's perspective . That is unusual , given the dearth of guests of color on shows such as "  This Week . " If anything , this points out the need for white America to hear more voices from people of color . But if you look at Holder 's actual words , there really is n't anything surprising , or especially bold , in what he said . He said : "  There 's a certain racial component to this for some people . I do n't think this is the thing that is a main driver , but for some , there 's a racial animus . " Let 's review : He said "  I do n't think this is the thing that is a main driver , " but it is as if when certain whites hear the word race  or a derivative  as the explanation for any part of an event , they go situationally deaf . Poll after poll shows how blacks and whites view our country through different lenses . Consider a recent Gallup poll that asked whether the justice system was biased against blacks . While 69 % of whites answered no , 68 % of blacks answered yes . How does this happen ? Because by and large when talking about race in America , whites have conversations with other whites and blacks have conversations with other blacks . What Holder said is very different from what whites who do n't talk to blacks generally hear . As I tell my students when I teach about race and the law , I note that important breakthroughs on race can only come when you have a conversation with someone who does n't look like you and does n't think like you . But this is not a level playing field . Blacks and whites can look at the same event and come up with completely different perceptions . When a black person says this is about race , many whites say we 're playing the race card . But when a white person says this has nothing to do with race , rarely does he or she ever get called on it . In this case , Holder , a black man , very gently said race could ... maybe ... possibly have something to do with a piece of it , and look at what happened . Let 's take a few examples that to me show unprecedented hostility directed toward the President , in my opinion , because he is black . First , the utter nonsense about the President 's birth certificate ; it refuses to die -- it is actively kept alive -- despite all the evidence to the contrary . Second , the number of pictures or posters at rallies with the President 's face on a monkey 's body . Third , Congressman Joe Wilson yells "  you lie " during the President 's State of the Union Address . If anything , Holder was too tepid in his analysis , but I 'm sure that 's a function of his knowing that whenever he says anything about race , he gets pummeled . The real lesson for me is the paucity of guests with the same views as Holder who are given a national platform the way that he was . If week after week , on issue after issue , blacks were invited on as guests and allowed to inform the discussion , after a while , there would be fewer and fewer instances of situational deafness . Whites would come to understand that there is more than one way of looking at something -- especially when it comes to race -- and when it comes to race , would not ignore the expertise that lies in black voices .	Attorney General Eric Holder said "  racial animus " in part drives opposition to Obama Dorothy Brown : For saying what a black man is thinking about race , Holder 's now being vilified Brown : His remarks were mild , not shocking ; whites too rarely get perspectives of blacks Brown : It 's not often that someone with Holder 's point of view has national platform
CNN  -- One of the three guns Adam Lanza used to kill 20 children and six adults at an elementary school in Newtown , Connecticut , was a military-style semiautomatic rifle known as an AR-15 . That surprised and shocked a lot of people unfamiliar with America 's gun culture . They questioned why such weapons are available and why anyone would need them . "  Personally I do n't know how any ordinary citizen can justify owning an automatic or semiautomatic gun , " writes CNN commenter Mark Smerkanich . "  Ca n't we leave those guns to the trained military ? " Self-described gun owner Julie Jones-Hawkins comments , "  I ... fully support a ban on rapid-fire weapons . Any weapon that can take out an entire kindergarten class is a problem . " Here are five reasons many gun owners say they want military style rifles : ` Some people play golf , others bowl . I shoot ' "  Every month or so I take my guns out to the range and shoot . It 's thrilling , exciting and a great way to vent , " says Christopher L. Kirkman , a Florida-based military-style gun owner . Kirman was one of more than 100 gun enthusiasts who shared opinions on CNN iReport about owning firearms that would have been banned under the now-expired 1994 federal weapons ban . "  Sure , I could try to say that the reason I own these guns is self-defense , but the truth of the matter is that , although they will technically serve this purpose , they are not why I own them , " he says . Michigan gun owner Ethan Daniels describes his enthusiasm for his rifle more succinctly , saying , "  I like to shoot , and that is one heck of a fun carbine to plink with . " iReport : Tell us why you own your military-style weapon Background can factor into a gun owner 's choice of weapon . "  The AR-15 is what I am used to from my extensive training as an airborne infantryman , " writes Nathan Lee . "  Because of my training , it 's what I feel the most comfortable with . " Another reason for these guns is hunting . The AR-15 is a "  good hunting platform . I 've hunted coyote with it , " says CNN iReporter MVR155 , who owns two of the weapons . He asked to remain anonymous . Owners of military-style rifles also use them to hunt deer and other game . But some states have banned the AR-15 and its .223 caliber for deer hunting . Related : Newtown shooter 's guns : What we know ` It 's cool ' It may not be the best or most important reason , but military-style weapons often appeal to the enthusiast side of the American gun owner . Just like many car lovers who dream of owning a Lamborghini , many gun owners get excited about the idea of owning an AR-15 . "  There are people who buy certain types of firearms because they have a certain image -- the AR-15 is one of them , " says Austin Nikel , a former AR-15 owner in Boulder , Colorado . "  One thing about this country is how Hollywood has glorified the image behind those certain types of weapons . A lot of guys grow up with GI Joe , and that image is extremely attractive . It grabs you and affects you . "  A lot of people buy the AR-15 because , well , it 's cool . " Apparently it was n't cool enough for Nikel to hold on to . He ended up selling his AR-15 to his father . iReport : Why some own military-style weapons ' A part of history ' "  Since coming of age -- and in the decades since -- I have collected many different firearms , some of them historical pieces , some for sport , some of them even the so-called ` assault weapons ' that are now a controversy , " says iReporter Hrothgar01 . "  Guns like these are as much a part of the history of this country as the muskets carried by pioneers , the rifles toted by doughboys in the trenches , and the other arms that have served and protected throughout the years . To hold one in your hands , appreciate its history and design , and to be able to take that piece of history to the range and work -- it is a feeling that many people in this debate do not understand or appreciate . " Related story : By the numbers : Guns in America ` Protecting my family ' "  I believe the foremost person responsible for protecting my family and myself is me , " writes iReporter ShortyDoowap , who owns a pair of AR-15s . "  These rifles provide me with the tools to perform that duty . I do n't own these guns to target shoot , though I do that with them . I do n't hunt with them , though I could in a pinch . " Parks says he "  would not hesitate to use one to simply defend my home and family from a single intruder if it became necessary . " Related : Parents defend right to keep guns in the home In some home-protection situations , fans say military-style rifles are generally more accurate than handguns . Rifles are generally easier to learn how to shoot , say military-style rifle owners . Like most firearms , military-style weapons such as the AR-15 are semiautomatic -- increasing protection because the shooter can fire off many shots without having to manually chamber a new bullet . With a bolt-action rifle or pump-action shotgun , firing multiple shots takes more time . "  When you weigh it all out , these types of guns are stigmatized , " says iReporter MVR155 . Military-style weapons look more dangerous than other guns , he says , but really , there are many weapons available which are just as lethal , but which are not designed in a military style . iReport : One gun owner 's solution ` Fascination with the Second Amendment ' "  I am a proud owner of an AK-47 , " writes iReporter INGunOwner . "  It 's a terrific gun . Lots of fun to shoot . I own an AK because of my fascination with the Second Amendment , which I view as a backstop protector of freedom . Many people would argue that we have no use for it today because the government is trustworthy . "  However since it acts as a deterrent , we can never measure exactly how much it has been effective . Perhaps the notion that people feel safe with our government after over 200 years is a testament to the Second Amendment value in balancing power with the citizens . " Related : Gun owners fear new legislation could tread on their rights CNN 's Henry Hanks contributed to this report .	A military-style rifle was used in the Newtown , Connecticut , school shooting "  Ca n't we leave those guns to the trained military ? " asks a CNN commenter Many gun owners collect them , using them for hunting , target shooting and protection "  A lot of people buy the AR-15 because , well , it 's cool , " says a former owner
CNN  -- Mexican authorities have arrested a reputed senior member of a major Tijuana-based drug cartel after a shootout , U.S. authorities confirmed Sunday . Eduardo Arellano-Felix was arrested in Tijuana , Mexico , on Saturday . Eduardo Arellano-Felix was arrested at a Tijuana , Mexico , residence Saturday , said Special Agent Eileen Zeidler of the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration office in San Diego , California . She said federal authorities received a tip on the whereabouts of Arellano-Felix and provided the information to Mexican authorities . No other details were immediately available . Arellano-Felix was one of the last wanted members of the powerful and brutal trafficking organization bearing his family name , authorities say . His brother , reputed Mexican drug lord Javier Arellano-Felix , was captured by U.S. authorities in August 2006 off the shore of southern Baja California . The brothers were on the top of the DEA 's Most Wanted List , carrying rewards of $ 5 million dollars for their capture . Officials say seven brothers and four sisters of the Arellano-Felix family inherited the Tijuana cartel from Miguel Angel Felix Gallardo in 1989 after his arrest for drug trafficking . Eduardo was the last remaining brother who had an active role in the cartel . Today , the notorious cartel is split into two factions -- one headed by Eduardo Garcia Simental and another headed by Eduardo Arellano-Felix 's nephew , Fernando Sanchez Arellano . The two sides have engaged in brutal fighting , accounting for nearly all the violence in Tijuana , according to the DEA . More than 400 people have been killed in drug-related violence in Tijuana this year . While Eduardo Arellano-Felix was not the boss of the cartel , DEA officials said his nephew sought his advice on decisions . Zeidler said the arrest of Arellano-Felix was a significant step in potentially dismantling the cartel . "  You pull the foundation out of the house and the house is going to come down , " she said . " -LSB- Arellano-Felix -RSB- was the foundation . "	Eduardo Arellano-Felix was arrested at a Tijuana residence Saturday He was on the DEA 's Most Wanted List Arrest could help dismantling the family 's drug cartel , DEA agent says
Travel + Leisure  -- From Fitzrovia to Covent Garden , London is embracing its charming -- and sometimes cheeky -- past . Every era , from the roaring '20s to the swinging '60s , is represented , with new takes on old-fashioned locales : chip and sweets shops , hidden Prohibition-style hangouts , even ballrooms . The shelves at Hope and Greenwood , in Covent Garden , are filled with glass jars brimming with British sweets . But rather than flaunt themselves as fusty Churchillian relics , these new spots are drawing stylish Bright Young Things who ca n't get enough of the city 's collective nostalgia trip . They 're celebrating inspired design , tastes and bygone lifestyles with zeal . At the forefront of London 's retro renaissance : sugar . Behind a shiny strawberry-red faade in Covent Garden , British confectionary is experiencing a resurgence at Hope and Greenwood , a sweet 1950s-style candy store named after its sugar-loving owners . Glass jars and cut-crystal candy dishes that grandma would love brim with classic and all-but-disappeared "  pick and mix " English candies -- Minty Humbugs , Raspberry Ruffles and Traffic Light Lollies . It 's the kind of place that will even inspire adults on a strict diet to indulge in sweets  and sweet thoughts  of yesteryear . Travel + Leisure : See London 's best retro spots Over in the trendy , up-and-coming neighborhood of Marble Arch , Cocomaya is attracting followers with its jewel-like handcrafted chocolates tantalizingly displayed under glass domes on marble counter tops and antique mirrors . And places such as East End 's Treacle are delighting locals and visitors alike with a return to the no-nonsense proper British teahouse , serving up comforting classics like Jammy Dodgers and buttercream cupcakes . Bourne & Hollingsworth  named after the department store that once existed on its site  is decidedly more adult ; the quirky basement bar in Fitzrovia is tricked out to feel like grandma 's -- complete with signature floral wallpaper and consciously stodgy dcor . Still , zany accents , like a fireplace full of discarded Champagne bottles , reflect the underground bote 's joie de vivre spirit of excess . On Prohibition themed nights , vintage gin cocktails arrive hidden in teapots , as Billie Holliday sets the mood . Geales , in Notting Hill , is the ideal spot to start -- or end -- an evening on the town , London-style . Now a shadow of its former 1939 no-frills self , the newly renovated fish and chips shop is giving a lighter gourmet twist to an old London standby ; golden , delicately fried cod and haddock is the restaurant 's main event , supported by more elegant briny treats like raw oysters and classic shrimp cocktail . No matter where you go in London town these days , vintage style is everywhere . What 's old is new -- again ! -- in England 's retro-mad city . Planning a beach getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to Affordable Beach Resorts . Copyright 2009 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Sugar is at the forefront of London 's retro renaissance Hope and Greenwood is a sweet 1950s-style candy store East End 's Treacle is a return to the no-nonsense proper British teahouse
While many people spent Christmas Eve doing last-minute shopping , two American astronauts had a more challenging matter to attend to Tuesday . In orbit more than 200 miles above Earth , flight engineers Rick Mastracchio and Mike Hopkins embarked on a spacewalk Tuesday morning to repair part of the International Space Station 's cooling system . The spacewalk ended at 2:23 p.m. ET Tuesday and lasted 7 hours and 30 minutes , NASA said . More than four hours into the job , the two astronauts had successfully bolted a replacement ammonia pump module into its location and were working to connect lines to allow the ammonia to flow , NASA said in a tweet . There was a slight kink in the work when one of the fluid lines tangled . The astronauts untangled it , but when they did , the line released some ammonia flakes that landed on their space suits . It was not a leak , but some residue , NASA spokesman John Ira Petty said . The ammonia that landed on the spacesuits will require the spacewalkers to air out their suits before going back into the station , but is otherwise not a big deal , he said . The two engineers were carrying out the second in a series of expeditions needed to replace a malfunctioning pump , which circulates ammonia through loops outside the station to keep equipment cool . The pump developed problems December 11 when an internal valve stuck in an incorrect position . The space station 's life support system remains up and running , but operations were cut back as a result of the problem , NASA said . It is the second Christmas Eve spacewalk in history , according to NASA . The two astronauts spent about 5 1/2 hours outside the space station Saturday working to remove the problematic pump . Spacesuit problem Mastracchio used a different spacesuit after a small amount of water leaked into the cooling system of the one he wore Saturday . NASA said the issue with the suit , which happened at the end of the spacewalk , was unrelated to a problem experienced in July when water pooled in an Italian astronaut 's helmet , causing a spacewalk to be cut short . "  Both Mastracchio and Hopkins reported dry conditions repeatedly throughout Saturday 's activities and the two were never in danger , " the agency said . NASA had installed new safeguards , including snorkels inside the spacesuits that would allow astronauts to take breaths if water formed and they had to return to the space station . Tuesday 's spacewalk was the 176th to support the space station 's assembly and maintenance , according to NASA . The previous Christmas Eve spacewalk took place in 1999 , the agency said , when Discovery astronauts Steve Smith and John Grunsfeld spent more than eight hours refitting parts of the Hubble Space Telescope . The others on board the International Space Station at the moment include Russian cosmonauts Mikhail Tyurin , Sergey Ryazanskiy and Oleg Kotov and Japanese astronaut Koichi Wakata .	NASA : The spacewalk has concluded , lasting 7 hours and 30 minutes The astronauts are trying to fix a problem on the International Space Station A malfunctioning pump in the station 's cooling system needed to be replaced It 's the second Christmas Eve spacewalk in history , NASA says
CNN  -- Dutch international Wesley Sneijder scored twice as Inter Milan continued their renaissance in Serie A by beating Udinese 3-1 , keeping alive the Italian side 's chances of European Champions League qualification . Sneijder 's brace turned Wednesday 's match after Udinese had taken an early lead through Danilo , then midfielder Ricardo Alvarez scored at the end of the first half to all but seal the win for Inter . The result means that the Nerazzurri have been undefeated -- winning three matches and drawing two -- since youth team coach Andrea Stramaccioni replaced Claudio Ranieri earlier this month . Champions League football was but a distant dream for Inter , but 11 points from a possible 15 has left the 2010 European title winners sixth in the table -- just three points off third-placed Lazio , who surprisingly lost 2-1 to relegation-threatened Novara earlier in the day . The unusually timed round of matches took place Wednesday afternoon , a rescheduling of the games canceled as a mark of respect for Livorno 's Piermario Morosini , who collapsed and died during a second division game at Pescara . Unbeaten Juventus remained three points clear of defending champions with four matches to play after both teams won narrowly against lowly opposition . Juve , seeking a first Serie A title since 2003 and 28th overall , condemned bottom club Cesena to division two next season thanks to a late goal from striker Marco Borriello -- his first since joining on loan from Roma in January . Borriello 's goal came with 11 minutes to play -- and Kevin Prince-Boateng 's winner for Milan came even later at home to fourth-bottom Genoa . Napoli , also chasing a Champions League spot , beat Lecce 2-0 to move up to fourth above Udinese -- who will be Sunday 's opponents . Roma lost again , this time 2-1 at home to Fiorentina to be two points behind Inter . In the day 's two other games Siena drew 1-1 with Bologna while Parma won 2-1 away at Palermo .	Inter Milan beat Udinese 3-1 in Italy 's Serie A to stay in hunt for Champions League spot Wednesday 's matches were rescheduled after death of Livorno 's Piermario Morosini Leaders Juventus and second-placed holders Milan both win to keep the gap at three points Juve 's 1-0 victory over Cesena condemns the bottom club to Serie B next season
CNN  -- When Piers Morgan asked Steve Carell and David Steinberg about comedians ' handling of Election 2012 , the CNN host noted that there have been quite a few "  fantastically funny " moments in the GOP race in particular . "  Do you thank God every day that these things happen ? " asked Morgan . "  Yes , " answered Steinberg , "  This is a gift from God to comedians the likes of which we have never seen . " "  It 's a ship of fools that is -- it 's just unbelievable , " said Steinberg . "  I used to have a theory that I took almost through all the presidencies . And it was that you 're either -- it 's like the Three Stooges . You 're either a Moe , who 's in charge , or a Larry , who wants to be a Moe , or you 're Curly , who is nuts and totally just off the page . " Steinberg and Carell are guests on Thursday 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight . " The New York Times recently hailed Steinberg , a TV director , as "  a comic institution . " Among his credits are "  Friends , " "  Seinfeld , " "  Mad About You , " "  Newhart , " "  Weeds " and "  Curb Your Enthusiasm . " Steinberg 's latest project , "  Inside Comedy , " is a joint venture with Carell . The documentary-style series about comedians airs Thursday nights on Showtime . Steinberg called the new series "  unique in the way in which the comedians talk about what they do . ... There is no audience . There is no pressure . They 're not on , but they 're funny . " On "  Inside Comedy , " the featured comedians talk about their childhood comedy heroes , among other things . Carell , who called the entertainers ' comedic influences "  a matter of personal taste , " counted Peter Sellers , Steve Martin and Jack Lemmon among his influences growing up . Each episode of "  Inside Comedy " is a standalone documentary . Episode four , in which Billy Crystal will be interviewed , airs Monday night . It also features Brad Garrett and Martin Short . Steinberg conducts the interviews in the half-hour series . "  I think David is the best interviewer because he puts people at ease , " said Carell . "  Only because , you know , you have all of these people who do tend to be on a lot . But he puts them in a comfort zone and allows them to not only be funny , but to be themselves . So you find out a little bit more about them in a personal way , which I think is great . " Steinberg also noted that "  Inside Comedy " sets out to debunk certain myths about stand-up comics . One such myth : Comedians have to be so-called wounded souls to achieve success . Steinberg and Carell pointed out that "  Seinfeld " helped break that barrier and also made it socially acceptable to be a comedian . "  When I started out , " Steinberg said , "  being a comedian was not a great thing . If your girlfriend brought you home to your mother and said he 's a comedian , they would n't be happy about it . But now , it 's become corporate with ` Seinfeld . ' " Steinberg further noted the show fueled the incorrect assumption that comedy meant big bucks . "  A lot of young people make the mistake of going into comedy just because it 's a lucrative business , as opposed to earlier , even Steven and I , we were in ` Second City , ' we never ... thought of going beyond ` Second City ' in Chicago . " "  If I could trap you both on a desert island separately , " asked Morgan , "  and you could have one comedian with you to make you laugh for the rest of your days , who would you take ? " Carell said he would take Alan Arkin "  because he makes , one-to-one , he makes me laugh more than anyone I 've ever met ... he 's so dry and so acerbic . I love being around the man . " Steinberg said he would take either Groucho Marx , whom he referred to as "  acerbic " and "  fun , " or Martin Short , who he called "  nonstop funny all the time . " Morgan pointed out that when "  The 40-Year-Old Virgin " was released , Carell was catapulted into an "  international comedic superstar " although he did have a successful career in comedy beforehand . Carell , who has two young children , said that his life did n't change all that much and that he still goes to the movies and the mall like anyone else . "  I certainly have more money than I did , " Carell said , "  but my home life , my family life , all of that really has stayed essentially the same . " Carell said success coming relatively late in life for him was a good thing because "  I sort of had my ducks in a row at that point . I had figured things out , for the most part , in terms of my goals and my wants and dreams and what was giving me happiness , ultimately . So I think if it had happened early in life , I do n't know if it would have been the same story . " When Morgan asked Carell about "  The Office , " he referred to Ricky Gervais as "  the monster that spawned all this , " and noted that Carell 's version of the role was "  more empathetic . " For his version of "  The Office , " Carell felt that the cliche about television audiences inviting TV characters into their homes every week rang true in this case . Carell , who starred in the American version of "  The Office " on NBC for seven seasons , called Gervais ' version "  excellent , " noting that Gervais knew going into it that the British version of the office would only last for 13 episodes , as is common with UK television series . "  He knew that the run would be limited , " said Carell , "  and he could play this guy that was just insufferable and a truly terrible person . " Watch Piers Morgan Tonight weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	Steve Carell and David Steinberg collaborated on the Showtime series "  Inside Comedy " The documentary-style series features different comedians each week Steinberg : "  There 's no audience . No pressure . They 're not on , but they 're funny "
CNN  -- Coming off a coup that initiated a new loop in the roller coaster of Egypt 's political scene , the country 's future is up in the air -- and with it , the future of the entire region . Christian Whiton , a former State Department senior adviser , calls Egypt 's turmoil "  the most titanic political contest of our era . " What could lie ahead ? Here , CNN experts -- some of them on the ground in Egypt -- and analysts weigh in on a handful of possibilities : Opposition consumed by infighting Egyptians who packed Cairo 's Tahrir Square to call for the ouster of President Mohamed Morsy -- a longtime leader of the Islamist Muslim Brotherhood -- had vastly different agendas . Some wanted a return to the days of ousted President Hosni Mubarak ; others had supported Morsy and were disappointed by him . Going forward , do n't expect the factions to work together easily , says CNN 's Ian Lee , who has covered the region for years . "  Infighting is inherent in the opposition and one of the strengths of the Muslim Brotherhood is their cohesiveness . ... The opposition suffers from arrogance and ego . Each leader believes he is better than the others . " No single charismatic leader has risen to unite the opposition , Lee says . Meanwhile , the Brotherhood 's unity could help it rise again . The opposition could change in time , says Whiton , as secular liberals who oppose Islamist rule come together . "  Ultimately , liberals do get organized , but it often takes time , " he writes on CNN 's GPS blog . The question is how long the country has before Egyptians take to the streets en masse rejecting the military leadership -- like what happened after Mubarak was ousted in 2011 . If the military fails to draw a consensus and move the transition swiftly , it could face a revolt , says CNN producer Salma Abdelaziz in Cairo . If recent history repeats itself , the military will "  crush dissent with brute force and you have the whole fiasco all over again . " 8 issues Egypt is facing Muslim Brotherhood pushed into ` confrontational posture ' There is "  terrible tension and fear among some in Egypt today " that the Muslim Brotherhood "  will be forced underground again and into its historic , confrontational posture with the Egyptian army , " says Christiane Amanpour , CNN 's chief international correspondent and anchor of Amanpour . The country 's chief Islamist movement certainly wo n't ` be driven into extinction , " says CNN Senior International Correspondent Ben Wedeman , who has covered Egypt for years . "  Despite the fact that many people are fantasizing that this is the end of the Islamist movement , " the country will continue to "  have to deal with the Brotherhood either as a political movement or underground movement , " he says . Some Egyptians "  want to see the Brotherhood crushed , " Wedeman says . "  It 's been shoved into a corner but wo n't take it lying down . " That could spell armed protests by the Brotherhood and its supporters , he says . CNN 's Cairo-based international correspondent Reza Sayah adds , "  Getting aggressive with the Muslim Brotherhood risks a violent backlash that could lead to further turmoil . " U.S. defers judgment on Morsy ouster ` Last nail in the coffin ' for Arab Spring If turmoil and violence reign in Egypt , the global effects could be dramatic . "  One of the great triumphs of the Arab Spring was that it showed Islamists who were prepared to come into the political process and accept the democratic path forward rather than the violent jihadi future that Osama bin Laden and al Qaeda were espousing , " Amanpour says . Morsy won a democratic election only to be deposed through non-democratic means . "  What are you going to tell Islamists : that democracy is for everybody except them ? " Amanpour asks . The coup "  could well foretell an end of the fledgling democratic experiment in the most populous Arab country which , by overthrowing its long-term dictator just a couple years ago , had inspired democracy movements around the Arab world , " says Mohammed Ayoob of the Institute for Social Policy and Understanding , in a column for CNN . "  If the Egyptian military is allowed to get away with this unconstitutional act it may spell the end of democracy in Egypt for a long time to come ; " he says . "  It will also be the last nail in the coffin of an Arab Spring already teetering on the edge of the grave with a bloody civil war raging in Syria , brutal suppression of democracy activists in Bahrain , and near-chaos in Libya and Yemen . " Compromise , fair constitution There is a more positive possibility if Egypt takes the right steps , experts say . "  Various political parties will need to learn to compromise , " Lee says , and the Muslim Brotherhood needs to be engaged , not marginalized . Mohamed Kamel Amr , Egypt 's acting foreign minister , told Amanpour that he has reached out to the Brotherhood to keep them in the political process . That may not be enough to quell the fury of the Muslim Brotherhood and Morsy supporters , who say that "  nothing will satisfy them short of having Morsy reinstated as president , " Sayah says . But building a constitution in a way that shows a commitment to representing the will of the people could have a big impact , says Isobel Coleman , senior fellow with the Council on Foreign Relations , in a CNN column . "  If Egyptians approve , through a fair and open referendum , a new constitution that reduces Islam 's role , it will take the wind out of the sails not only of the Muslim Brotherhood , but of political Islam across the region . " Bread riots , water wars Many who follow the region closely say the central question of Egypt 's future is summed up by the famous Clintonian adage : "  It 's the economy , stupid . " In a country grappling with poverty and unemployment , any new government that wants to maintain power needs to work quickly . If the situation worsens , "  people may rise up because the price of bread is too high and they just ca n't feed their families , " Wedeman says . "  If that happens , it 's utter chaos -- back to 1977 and the bread riots in Cairo . ... That 's the gut worry of everyone . " Meanwhile , Egypt 's quickly growing population and limited water supply "  could lead to the likelihood of water wars in the future if Nile basin countries like Ethiopia divert the flow of the Nile , " Lee says . The country needs to restore order to the streets immediately , increasing the presence of police despite their lack of popularity , Lee says . "  It really is all about the economy and security . " Washington exerts pressure Suspending U.S. aid "  would plunge an already bankrupt country into deeper chaos , " Fareed Zakaria , host of CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria GPS , " writes in a column . "  But Washington should announce that it will continue its aid for a limited period , say two months , while it determines whether the new government is in fact moving to restore genuine democracy in Egypt . " The United States should call for an end to arbitrary arrests ; a constitutional process that includes "  all major voices in Egyptian life " ; and elections open to all , "  including and especially the Muslim Brotherhood , " Zakaria says . But do n't expect any proactive steps from Washington , says Whiton , the former State Department adviser . The will for America and its allies to help the secularists organize , "  and the tools to do that with , both appear to be in mothballs , " he writes , adding , "  Washington will again leave crucial matters to chance . " From hope to despair : Egypt slides into economic uncertainty , again	Egypt 's future will have a profound global impact , analysts say The Muslim Brotherhood wo n't fade out of existence , CNN experts say If the economy falls further , riots could follow Compromise and a constitution offer opportunities for stability
As you would expect for a loyal caddie of 12 years , Steve Williams is backing Tiger Woods to bounce back from his slump in form as he prepares for the new season . Woods ' annus horribilis was completed when he relinquished his world number one status to England 's Lee Westwood in October after a record-breaking 281-weeks at the top . As the fall out from his divorce from ex-wife Elin Nordegren continued , Woods failed to win a single title and was even beaten to the tournament he hosts by U.S. Open winner Graeme McDowell last week . CNN blog : Can Tiger tame European charge in 2011 ? But after showing an upturn in form as the season neared its end , Woods ' caddie Steve Williams is confident his man has what it takes to start winning again in 2011 . "  Last week was the first time he 's played three good rounds in succession this year , " he was quoted as saying on New Zealand news website stuff.co.nz . "  It 's been a difficult year and hard to focus on the task , but it 's all started to come together so I 'm excited for 2011 . " Woods opted to remodel his swing after finishing tied fourth at The Masters in Augusta back in April and Williams says he knew then that the rest of the season would be a rebuilding process . Williams added : "  He 's working on a new swing , and it takes time to be able to put that swing into play over an extended period . It 's not easy to take it from the range to the course . He 's just got more confidence with it . " But despite a rollercoaster year Williams says he has enjoyed the challenge of helping Woods to battle back to the top of the rankings . And he says motivation is n't a problem for either of them as they target a much improved year in 2011 . "  Tiger wants to beat Jack 's -LSB- Nicklaus -RSB- record , so that 's what makes you work hard and get up early and train in the gym , " Williams said . "  You only get four tournaments a year to get those wins , so it 's an easy job to get motivated in . "	Tiger Woods ' caddie Steve Williams says world number two will come good in 2011 Woods failed to win a single tournament in 2010 and remodeled swing Williams says Woods gained more confidence during the year Woods relinquished his number one ranking to England 's Lee Westwood
Guantanamo Bay detainees have long been considered America 's most dangerous enemies . So what happens when they walk free -- like the five detainees swapped for U.S. Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl ? Do they return to terror activities or transition to quiet , private lives away from the mayhem ? Well , it 's a mixture of both . How dangerous is this latest swap ? Mathematically , it 's not an even swap . But President Barack Obama 's administration maintains it 's not a risky move for the United States . The five detainees have been at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba for years , and out of commission for a long time . They probably do n't have extensive networks to tap into , according to two senior U.S. officials . Additionally , there will be fewer U.S. forces to target in Afghanistan since under a new agreement , most troops will be out of the nation next year . Qatar has also reassured the United States that it will aggressively monitor the detainees , who will be under a travel ban for one year . How many freed detainees have returned to terrorism ? At its peak , Guantanamo Bay had 770 men believed by the U.S. government to be involved in terrorist activity or military attacks . That number has dwindled significantly . As of last month , the facility had 154 detainees . A September 2013 report from the director of national intelligence reflected on what happened to the roughly 600 people who left Gitmo between its opening in 2002 and July 2013 . Of those , 100 -- or 16.6 % of the released prisoners -- were "  confirmed " to have returned "  to terrorist activities . " Seventeen of those died , while 27 ended up in custody , according to the DNI report . An additional 70 are "  suspected of reengaging , " it said . "  Based on trends identified during the past 10 years , we assess that if additional detainees are transferred without conditions ... some will reengage in terrorist or insurgent activities , " the report said . Does the U.S. keep an eye on freed detainees ? While the former prisoners are no longer under its control , Washington says it keeps track of them , which is the basis of the DNI report . During President George W. Bush 's administration , some were handed over to authorities in other countries . Dozens more were released under Obama . Are American interests more at risk when they get out ? There are a lot of variables , making this a debatable question . Except for those accused or convicted of the most heinous crimes such as murder , most people are not detained indefinitely . And studies show the recidivism rate for those in the U.S. legal system typically top 50 % or even 60 % , according to the Bureau of Justice Statistics . Armed with that knowledge , the idea of a Gitmo detainee returning to his previous ways may not be surprising . It also depends on where they go from there . The DNI report notes the dangers of transferring prisoners to nations with conflicts , instability and active recruitment by terror groups . In other words , a detainee who returns to a place beset by violence -- where terrorist groups and attacks are common -- is more likely to return to the fold . Does this mean the U.S. got a raw deal in Bergdahl 's release ? Depends on whom you ask . Sen. John McCain , a former prisoner of war , is not popping the Champagne just yet . He knows a thing or two about life in enemy hands after spending more than five years in captivity in North Vietnam . Since then , he has emerged as one of the nation 's loudest , boldest voices on military matters . And he feels strongly that the United States did not think this through . "  Do n't trade one person for five  of  the hardest of the hard-core , murdering war criminals who will clearly re-enter the fight and send them to Qatar , of all places , " he told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Tuesday night . But White House National Security Adviser Susan Rice defended the Obama administration 's decision . The "  acute urgency " of Bergdahl 's health condition justified the President not notifying Congress beforehand that he was being swapped for the five detainees , she said . Why are terror suspects held at Guantanamo Bay ? The U.S. naval base there was transformed after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . Existing migrant detention facilities were revamped to house detainees of the so-called war on terror . These were men , who though captured in the battlefield , did n't fit any detention category . U.S. authorities said they did n't have the same rights as prisoners of war under the Geneva Conventions . Nor did they have the same rights as those detained within the United States . The Bush administration argued that since the detainees were not on U.S. soil , they were not covered by the U.S. Constitution . It used that rationale to justify the lack of legal protections for those detained . That made the base sometimes referred to as Gitmo a sort of no man 's land . How much does it cost to keep it running ? It costs the Defense Department about $ 150 million a year to keep the facility in operation . The U.S. pays Cuba about $ 4,085 a year for the lease , but the latter has n't accepted payment since 1959 . Shortly after his inauguration in 2009 , Obama signed an executive order to close the detention facility within one year . It has not happened . Has everyone at Gitmo been found guilty of terrorism ? No . Peter Bergen , a CNN national security analyst , and Bailey Cahall , a research associate at the New America Foundation , wrote in an op-ed last year that said dozens of detainees cleared for release years ago "  remain in seemingly perpetual custody . " "  They have found to be guilty of nothing , yet they are being held indefinitely , " Bergen and Cahall wrote . "  Indefinite detention without charge is a policy that we usually associate with dictatorships , not democracies . " Bergen also heads the New America Foundation 's International Security Program . Others , though , view the situation differently . They say terrorists do n't play by any recognized rules of warfare or justice ; their mission is to kill , with U.S. forces and citizens as their targets . McCain says that the five men released as part of the Bergdahl deal could be among those attacking U.S. citizens both at home and overseas . The five "  were judged time after time as unworthy ... that needed to be kept in detention because they posed a risk and a threat to the United States of America , " the Arizona Republican said . Who were the detainees swapped for Bergdahl ? Two senior Obama administration officials identified them as Khair Ulla Said Wali Khairkhwa , Mullah Mohammad Fazl , Mullah Norullah Noori , Abdul Haq Wasiq and Mohammad Nabi Omari . They were mostly mid - to high-level officials in the Taliban regime who were detained early in the war in Afghanistan because of their positions within the Taliban , not because of ties to al Qaeda . But some such as Khairkhwa are alleged to have been "  directly associated " with Osama bin Laden and al Qaeda 's now-deceased leader in Iraq , Abu Musab al-Zarqawi .	About 17 % of Gitmo detainees return to terrorist activities , report says As of last month , the Guantanamo Bay detention facility had 154 detainees Not everyone at Guantanamo Bay has been found guilty of terrorism
CNN  -- China 's economy is booming and Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum 's visit there this week highlights the U.A.E. 's ambitions to join in on this growth . CNN 's John Defterios  JD  sits down with Shaukat Aziz  SA  , former Prime Minister to Pakistan to talk about the emerging relationship . Former Pakistani Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz Aziz is an expert in global banking who worked in the Middle East for a number of years as an official for Citigroup . He was an influential player in the process of creating a free trade agreement between Pakistan and China , after visiting the country in 2005 . Shaukat Aziz talks about the growing ties between China and the Middle East , and gives us inside knowledge on doing business in China . SA  : I think the two economies are complementary . China is a global economy which is growing rapidly . It has one of the highest growth rates in the world , and it is expanding its footprint all over the world . Dubai and the U.A.E. is clearly a hub for South Asia , the Middle East , and the whole region . They are a trading center , they are a financial center , and they do n't compete directly with China , in fact both economies will compliment each other . I think the U.A.E. Prime Minister 's trip will help to further reinforce this and get the two countries closer together , in trade , in financial flows , in linking capital markets and many other initiatives . JD  : Trade has been growing 30 to 40 percent over the last four years . But can it move beyond hard Chinese goods going into the Gulf ? SA  : Of course it can . I think the nature of Dubai is such that it has now become the clearing house for goods from all over the world . And buyers go to Dubai and look for the best product at the best price . So , if China , being a large country , can bring its products to Dubai , it will help both countries . May I also say that I see China evolving as an exporter of capital , not just goods because China is running huge surpluses . Their reserves are at an all time high . So they are looking for investments too , and you see now a trend in Chinese companies to buy companies overseas . A trend in Chinese companies to invest overseas because they want , once they go global , they want production facilities all over the world . So the design and the research and development will be done in China , the components will come from China , but the manufacturing could move across the world . This trend is already started and I think this will all go well for both countries . JD  : Lets take it a step further . Do you see Chinese investment funds or Sovereign Funds and U.A.E. sovereign funds going out together to acquire companies in the near future ? SA  : Sure , there have been situations where both have participated in different companies . JD  : But separately . SA  : Separately , but I think they could join too . But the real issue on sovereign funds is being represented in certain quarters as if this is something which is unhelpful to the global economy . In my view , in an era of globalization we must open up our markets for investments and let anybody come along in line with the rules of that country . May I say that the sovereignty of any country is a very robust concept . And if a foreign sovereign fund or investor comes along and buys a bank in a particular country , the countries sovereignty is never jeopardized . But , if you have good regulators and good policies , because even in a deregulated environment , regulation is necessary . Deregulation does not mean abdication by the government , so if your regulatory regime is sound , you do n't have to worry . Sovereign funds have demonstrated that they have helped promote economic activity , help save certain companies , banks as a case in point . And it 's a win-win for both sides . So I think this question of their role is over stated . JD  : Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah went to visit China when he came into power in early 2006 . Is itinevitable that U.S.-European Allies in the Gulf turn to the East now and look for new partnerships in an East-East equation ? SA  : This is the fastest growing economy in the world . It is absorbing foreign investment , it is exporting investment . It is the largest producer of goods and services now , in terms of growth rate . So Saudi Arabia , naturally , the largest economy in the Middle East by a long margin , needs to link up a country like China . I think it is not geo-politics which is driving it . It is economic necessity . It is tapping into growth . Saudi companies are investing in China . I know that in the energy sector Aramco has gone in for joint ventures and maybe SABIC too , and that is to me a very positive development . Because it is showing that capital looks for opportunities and if there is return China is not far enough . E-mail to a friend	Shaukat Aziz , former Pakistani Prime Minister talks with John Defterios Aziz sees compatibility between Middle Eastern and Chinese economies Chinese surpluses may allow exporting of capital for overseas manufacturing Aziz believes regulated foreign investment does not put sovereignty at risk
CNN  -- In the frenzy over the sudden phenomenal success of Jeremy Lin -- known as "  Linsanity " -- there 's been some talk of race . Floyd Mayweather Jr. , the famed boxer , caused controversy when he said the other day , "  Jeremy Lin is a good player but all the hype is because he 's Asian . Black players do what he does every night and do n't get the same praise . " Before you get up in arms about Mayweather 's comment , first consider the source . Mayweather is known for causing a stir and pushing people 's buttons . He 's made homophobic and racist comments about sports figures in the past , including champion boxer Manny Pacquiao . So anything Mayweather says you might want to ignore . But does he have a valid point ? Is Lin getting this much attention only because he 's Asian ? Absolutely not . Does race play into the equation ? Absolutely . Lin is the first Chinese-American to not just get on the court but make a major impact in the NBA . That is huge . No one since the NBA-ABA merger during the 1976-77 season has scored at least 20 points and seven assists in his first five starts . Nobody . Almost single-handedly , Lin has given new life to the once proud New York Knicks franchise . Yes , there have been other Asians and Asian-Americans who played in the league , but most were of mixed race  Rex Walters , Raymond Townsend , Wat Misaka  . We had the star Yao Ming for a while , but he was from China . Lin is from California . He went to Harvard . He can even dance the Dougie . There is a difference . Not all Asians are alike . No one thought much of Lin until he was given a real chance . And it came unexpectedly . The Knicks were reportedly set to waive Lin but gave him the opportunity to play because of a lack of depth at point guard . Lin was on the Golden State Warriors last season before getting waived on the first day of training camp and then was briefly with the Houston Rockets before being let go . Now , there were financial situations involved like salary cap , guaranteed contracts , etc. , but there is no doubt in my mind that because Lin is Asian-American , it made it easier for management to overlook his potential . Lin has benefited from playing in New York City -- the media capital of the world -- but his emergence to stardom is due to his talent , his faith and his determination . Has race been on people 's minds ? Yes . You stick out on the court when you 're the only Asian face . While there are Asian-Americans playing in the NFL and Major League Baseball , the NBA is different . Maybe I 'm guilty of stereotyping as well , but this is a game dominated by black athletes like Lebron James , Kobe Bryant and Kevin Durant . If a Chinese-American guy can hold his own against the best athletes in the world , wow ! Lin has also struck a chord among Asian-American men . I have heard many negative stereotypes over the years . We are n't tall enough , sexy enough , strong enough or good-looking enough . These stereotypes are still portrayed in our culture today . Just take a look at the Asian male character on the TV show "  Two Broke Girls , " or read the crude sexual tweet by the sports columnist Jason Whitlock . I have faced my own share of stereotypes as a rare Chinese-American television sportscaster .  I believe I was the first in the country . Really , not since Bruce Lee displayed his power in "  Enter the Dragon " have we Asian-American men had someone to rally around . Lin has given us a sense of pride . So Mayweather is right , race does play a part -- but Jeremy Lin is no token minority . The man has game or he would n't be getting the attention he deserves . I do n't know if he 'll have a long career or be an all-star , but you can be sure he is starting to change not just the way general managers and pro scouts look at Asian-Americans playing sports , but also the way our society thinks about them . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rick Quan .	Boxer Floyd Mayweather Jr. said the Jeremy Lin mania is because Lin is Asian Rick Quan : While Lin is talented , race is a factor that people ca n't ignore Quan : Lin is the first Chinese-American to make a major impact in the NBA He says that Lin has given Asian-American men someone to feel proud of and rally around
CNN  -- Australia is asking an international court to weigh in on Japan 's whale-hunting practices , officials said Tuesday . Japanese officials say their hunts are permitted under rules prohibit commercial whaling but allow whaling for scientific reasons . But Australian officials said they 've filed a lawsuit with the International Court of Justice in The Hague , Netherlands , to stop Japan from exploiting the research loophole . "  We believe that it 's possible to do all the research that you need to do and understand everything that you need to ... and you do n't have to kill them to do it , " Australian Environment Minister Peter Garrett told CNN Tuesday . Japanese Foreign Ministry spokesman Hidenobu Sobashima said Tuesday that Japan 's whaling , which has killed up to 1,000 whales in Antarctic waters annually , is authorized . "  Japan 's research whaling is a legal activity , " he said , noting that the country would continue to explain its perspective in international court . The move toward legal action is "  regrettable , " Sobashima said , when international whale-hunting rules are still being negotiated . The International Whaling Commission is scheduled to evaluate existing whaling rules at its annual meeting in June . But Garrett said diplomatic negotiations over the issues have not produced results . He stressed that taking the case to court does not mean that the relationship between Australia and Japan -- strong allies and trading partners -- has soured . "  We think we can disagree about one thing and continue to have close relationships across a range of other issues , " he said . Japan 's whaling has drawn sharp criticism from environmental advocacy groups , who claim it involves the cruel slaughter of whales so that meat can be sold in markets and restaurants . Japan 's fisheries agency has said that it wants "  sustainable whaling " and also advocates conservation . "  Clearly , the acceptance of other cultures ' dietary practices and the promotion of cultural diversity is as important as saving endangered species and the promotion of biological diversity , " the agency 's website says . "  If the consumption of whale meat does not endanger whale species , those who find the practice unacceptable for themselves should not try to impose their view on others . " Australia 's lawsuit comes as an anti-whaling activist was facing charges including assault and trespassing in a Japanese court . Prosecutors allege that Peter Bethune , an environmental activist from New Zealand , threw butyric acid at a whaling ship , jumped aboard and attempted to make a citizen 's arrest of the captain . Bethune has pleaded guilty to all charges accept assault . He testified Monday that he did not intend to hurt anyone . A verdict is expected later this month . CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki contributed to this report .	NEW : Australian official says research possible without killing whales Australia has filed suit with international court over Japan 's whaling practices Japan says decision to head to court "  regrettable " International moratorium allows hunting whales for scientific reasons
CNN  -- Manchester United will be without Wayne Rooney for Sunday 's English Premier League clash with Blackburn , but manager Alex Ferguson expects the England striker to return from injury next weekend . Rooney made a shock comeback in Wednesday 's Champions League clash with Bayern Munich , but had to go off with an hour to play after aggravating his ankle problem as United crashed out of Europe 's top club tournament on away goals . Ferguson believes the injury is not serious and that Rooney will be fit for second-placed United 's clash with local rivals Manchester City next Saturday . "  I do n't think it 's as serious as we said when he got the injury the first time , but I think he 'll be ready for the City game , " the Scot told reporters on Friday . "  We 've got more time to work on it , anyway . Other than that , everyone else is fit . " Ferguson said he was ready to put faith in Dimitar Berbatov for the short trip to North-West rivals Blackburn , despite keeping the Bulgarian forward on the bench until the final 10 minutes of the 3-2 win against Bayern . "  Yes , I still trust him , " Ferguson said . "  He is a good player and there is absolutely no reason why we should doubt that . "  Dimitar has done well in a lot of games recently but we prefer to play with one striker . When we got the man sent off on Wednesday there was no need to bring a striker on because all we were trying to do was go over the line in terms of defending . " Ferguson hinted that he will rotate his squad as United seek to win and move a point above leaders Chelsea , who take on Aston Villa in the semifinals of the FA Cup on Saturday . "  Given the nature of the game on Wednesday and the energy spent , we have to address the situation of freshness , " he said . "  We 've got a a squad to use -- we have the likes of Paul Scholes , Ryan Giggs and Gary Neville and we also have John O'Shea back now . "  He came on against Bayern and did 30 minutes ' work -- it 's good to get him back because he 's such a versatile player for us . "	Manchester United boss Alex Ferguson expects Wayne Rooney to return next weekend Rooney will miss Sunday 's trip to Blackburn after aggravating his ankle injury England striker made shock comeback against Bayern Munich on Wednesday United can move a point above English Premier League leaders Chelsea with victory
CNN  -- With his city still trying to bounce back from the damage caused by Superstorm Sandy , Mayor Michael Bloomberg said New York must rebuild "  smarter and stronger and more sustainably . " Bloomberg told reporters New York will prepare for natural disasters better by revising building codes , changing zoning requirements in some low-lying areas and making sure infrastructure can withstand a Category 2 hurricane or a heat wave . "  Whether or not one storm is related to climate change or is not , we have to manage for risks , and we have to be able to better defend ourselves against extreme weather and natural disasters , " he said . Global Public Square : Cities key to beating climate change Bloomberg said that New York , which has more than 500 miles of shoreline , will consider building berms , dunes , jetties and levees to protect against surging seawater during bad storms . Such a system could be expensive . Improvements to the New Orleans ' flood protection system , which is 130 miles long and includes sea gates and flood walls , cost $ 14 billion . New York does n't have unlimited funds , the mayor said . "  We have to live in the real world and make tough decisions based on the costs and benefits of risk-avoidance investments , " he said . "  Saying we 're going to spend whatever it takes just is not realistic . " The mayor compared post-Sandy New York to the one that faced security challenges after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . The city quickly built the largest counterterrorism operation of any city in the world , he said . Drought-stressed trees face race to adapt The Economic Development Corporation of New York will take the lead on drawing up "  concrete recovery plans for the communities Sandy hit hardest as well as a specific and comprehensive action plan to prepare our city for the climate risks we face , " Bloomberg said . The mayor said the city has already strengthened building codes and will have to do so again . At the same time , he wants residents who rebuild to do so without being penalized if they build homes higher than current height restrictions . He said the city also needs to look at communications and energy infrastructure . The city should replace copper wiring for phones with fiber optics , he said , and cell phone towers need to have more than eight hours of backup power . Uncovering the secrets of Greenland 's ice Deputy Mayors Linda Gibbs and Cas Holloway will look at how well the city was prepared logistically and how it reacted after Sandy hit , he said . Their report is due by the end of February , Bloomberg said . "  We may or may not see another storm like Sandy in our lifetimes , but I do n't think it 's fair to say that we should leave it to our children to prepare for the possibility , " he said . Sandy slammed ashore near Atlantic City , New Jersey , on October 29 after forming in the Caribbean and sweeping northward , killing a total of 182 people from Haiti to Canada .	NEW : New York will look at levees , dunes and other options for protection Mayor says New York has to be able to better defend itself against extreme weather City will revise building codes , zoning and improve infrastructure , Bloomberg says Groups will focus on addressing climate change and examine city 's Sandy response
New York  CNN  -- Women have long dominated the heated discussion around gender equality . But one group not engaging in the conversation is men , says Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg . What 's more , in her new bestseller "  Lean In , " Sandberg argues gender parity is impossible without them . "  I think it is too hard for men to talk about gender , " says Sandberg . "  We have to let men talk about this ... because we need men to talk about this if it is ever going to change . " And with men at the helm of most large companies , engaging the other 50 % of the population in the gender debate is the key to gender equality , she says . "  I do n't think men should be part of "  Lean In " or part of equality because it 's nice for women . They need to be part of it for themselves ... as managers and as peers in the workforce this is a competitive advantage for men . " If 86 % of the top jobs are held by men and they tend to be older than the women who have just joined their companies , inviting this group of decision makers to help mentor women into top roles is the logical way forward , explains Sandberg . " -LSB- For -RSB- every man out there , it should be a badge of honor to mentor young women . Not something you 're ashamed to do , not something you 're afraid someone will assume something bad , but a badge of honor that you are willing to spend your time giving the benefit of your experience to young women in the workforce . They need it . " As a female leader who has only worked for men and been mentored by men , her track record and success is proof in itself . "  I 've never worked for a woman . Most women , if they get senior , have never worked for a woman , because again , 86 percent of the top jobs are held by men . I 've had great mentors and great sponsors and part of Lean In is trying to help people find the right way to develop those mentors and sponsors . " As a Harvard graduate , she was selected to join the World Bank by her former professor , Larry Summers and later went on to become his Chief-of-Staff at the U.S. Treasury after working at McKinsey and earning her M.B.A. . In the midst of moving to Google and then Facebook , Sandberg wed and had two children , a boy and a girl . But Sandberg 's book -- what she calls "  a sort " of feminist manifesto -- has n't been without critics . The Facebook executive received overwhelming reactions from female columnists at USA Today and the New York Times as well as authors specializing in gender workplace issues . One notable reaction came from Avivah Wittenberg-Cox , who runs a global management consultancy , 20-first , that helps companies achieve greater gender balance . In a recent Harvard Business Review article , Cox argues Sandberg is insulting women by suggesting they need to be more like men to succeed and even suggests she 's blaming them . "  We 've never , in all of human history , seen a generation of brighter , better educated or more ambitious women , " she writes . "  They have the keys . We just still have n't figured out how to adapt our organizations to optimize their talents . " But Sandberg explains her point is quite the contrary . "  I 'm not telling women to be like men . I 'm telling us to evaluate what men and women do in the workforce and at home without the gender bias . " What 's more , Sandberg has also noticed it is women , not men who 've been most vocal about the book . INTERACTIVE : 10 most powerful women in tech "  Most of the debate about "  Lean In " has been women , especially the first couple weeks before the book was out . The most surprising thing was that no man said a word . I could n't find a man writing a line , not saying a word . " Sandberg is n't just pointing out the stalled feminist revolution ; she also offers a solution with Leanin.org , a not-for-profit foundation that will help spur change by offering women the ongoing inspiration and support to help them achieve their goals . Funded by her book and corporate sponsors , the foundation will allow professional women to review social science research , share stories and receive online training and practical advice on career development -- to help women "  take a seat at the table " . "  Lean In is not about fixing women . And it 's certainly not about any one person doing this on their own , " she asserts . "  Lean In is about all of us coming together to understand the stereotypes that are holding women back and fix them . And to start having an honest conversation about women in the workplace . "	Men need to engage in the workplace gender equality debate , says Sandberg Sandberg says it should be a ` badge of honor ' to mentor women into top roles Facebook COO has written a book , which has received mixed response from critics
CNN  -- A Utah judge has ordered a registered sex offender who faces nearly two dozen charges of child sex abuse released on the basis that he is mentally incompetent to stand trial . At a hearing on Thursday , Fourth District Judge James Taylor , who previously ruled Lonnie Johnson incompetent to be tried on sex crime charges , said there were no legal grounds for holding him . "  We are at the end of the road ... I ca n't do anything but have him released from the state hospital , " Taylor said at Thursday 's hearing . Taylor said he was following a Utah statute requiring the release of anyone deemed incompetent to stand trial and who has not been convicted of a crime . Johnson , 38 , has been diagnosed with a cognitive disorder . Doctors who examined Johnson found his competency could not be restored . They also said he is not a danger to society and did not qualify for involuntary institutional commitment . Johnson faces five counts of rape of a child , six counts of sodomy on a child and 10 counts of aggravated sexual abuse of a child , according to court documents . In 2006 , he was convicted of raping a teenage girl in Washington State , sent to prison for third degree rape and served less than a year , according to court documents . He is required to register as a sex offender wherever he lives . "  I am outraged that a convicted child sex offender , currently facing another round of accusations , could be released without being tried for current charges , " Utah Governor Gary R. Herbert said . "  It 's outrageous for both the victims and the accused that Mr. Johnson wo n't get his day in court , " he said . In November , a status hearing will be held under the judge 's orders and he will appoint two new doctors to evaluate Johnson . Prosecutors have also filed a new motion asking the judge to reopen competency hearings in the criminal case . "  What I wanted to do was jump over and take care of it myself , " said Christy Danner , whose daughter is an alleged victim of Johnson . " But that 's not what we can do and that 's not the way our system works , and we 're going to have to fix this system and then hopefully get him back in the state of Utah and find him competent , " Danner said on HLN 's "  Nancy Grace . " Danner cited Johnson 's previous ability to hold down jobs and earn a living , and said she thinks Johnson is faking incompetence . Johnson allegedly abused Danner 's daughter , who was his niece by marriage , for six years , starting at age eight in 1997 . She is now 21 . Johnson 's family has maintained his innocence , alleging the accusations are related to a bitter divorce case . "  We kind of knew going in today that he was going to be released so we were able to at least anticipate that , " Danner said . "  But , yeah , we 're not happy and the girls are feeling victimized again and our only thing is that we have to close this loophole . "	The judge says he was following a Utah statute Johnson has been diagnosed with a cognitive disorder He faces numerous counts of sex offenses against children Alleged victim 's mother says Johnson is faking a mental illness to avoid trial
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- Dozens of police officers were involved in a gunbattle with rebel Maoists in the rain-drenched forests of eastern India Wednesday , police reported . Security forces had been tracking the insurgents when a shootout erupted in Chhattisgarh state 's Dantewada region , police spokesman Rajesh Mishra told CNN . There were no immediate reports of casualties , but reinforcements were rushed to the scene , Mishra added . India regards Maoist rebels as its gravest internal security threat . Until June this year , authorities blamed 1,103 violent attacks in the country on left-wing extremists . More than 200 officers and 97 rebels were killed during that period , federal home minister P. Chidambaram said last month . Police have also arrested at least 1,341 suspected Maoists . "  These figures underscore the gravity of the challenge posed by left-wing extremism , " Chidambaram said . In April , more than 70 officers were killed in Dantewada in an ambush -- one of the deadliest attacks on Indian security forces by suspected guerrillas . Officials say Maoists aim to seize political power through what they call a protracted people 's war . On their part , the insurgents have claimed since the 1960s to be fighting for the dispossessed . Indian prime minister Manmohan Singh conceded last year that the nation 's fight with the rebels had fallen short of objectives . Maoists enjoy support not only in the poorest areas and in tribal communities but also among youth and the intelligentsia , officials suspect . "  We have not achieved as much success as we would have liked in containing this menace , " Singh said last September . In addition to targeting police , alleged police informers and people they call "  class enemies , " the rebels are also believed to be attacking infrastructure such as roads , bridges , railways , and power and telecommunication networks . India says it has adopted a two-pronged strategy -- involving development and police action in Maoist strongholds -- to deal with the problem . Yet , Chidambaram in his statement in July this year accepted the planning has delivered mixed results . While forces stopped many attacks and apprehended key Maoist leaders , the guerrillas too have been successful in carrying out serious assaults in several instances , he noted .	Fight is in the same area were dozens of police were killed in April India 's prime minister has said the country has not reached its goal in fight against militants Casualty figures were not available for gun battle
CNN  -- A transsexual woman has won on appeal the right to marry her boyfriend , a decision poised to rewrite Hong Kong 's marriage law . The appellant -- known only by the initial "  W " -- is a post-operative male-to-female transsexual who was refused the right to marry because she did not quality as a "  woman " under Hong Kong law . The Court of Final Appeal ruled 4-1 Monday that the restriction was unconstitutional . The 37-year-old woman -- who had a government-subsidized sex change operation -- had twice lost her case at lower courts . "  I may have born a man but after transgender surgery at a government hospital more than five years ago , I 've lived my life as a woman and been treated as a woman in all respects except as regards my right to marry , " W said in a statement to local reporters through her attorney , Michael Vidler , according to the South China Morning Press . "  This decision rights that wrong , and I 'm very happy the Court of -LSB- Final -RSB- Appeal now recognizes my desire to marry my boyfriend one day , and that desire is no different to that of any other woman who seeks the same here in Hong Kong . " The court decision will not come into effect for 12 months to give the Hong Kong legislature the opportunity to address the portion of the law deemed unconstitutional . "  We should make it clear that nothing in this judgment is intended to address the question of same sex marriage , " Chief Justice Geoffrey Ma Tao-li and Judge Robert Ribeiro wrote in their majority decision . The majority found the idea that a "  woman " is a biological criteria fixed at birth "  is particularly hard to justify in the light of significant medical advances in the treatment of transsexualism and important changes in the understanding of and social attitudes towards transsexual persons which have occurred over the last 40 odd years . " The only dissenting judge -- Patrick Chan Siu-Oi -- argued "  it is difficult and unrealistic to consider marriage to be entirely unconnected with procreation . "  There is no evidence that social attitudes in Hong Kong on the institution of marriage have changed to the extent that this concept of marriage has been abandoned or generally and substantially weakened , " Judge Chan wrote .	A transsexual woman has won on appeal the right to marry her boyfriend in a landmark case She was refused the right to marry as she did not quality as a "  woman " under Hong Kong law The 37-year-old , known as ` W , ' had a sex change operation more than five years ago Judges noted the decision does not address the question of same-sex marriage
CNN  -- Rescuers in Iran worked furiously Tuesday to free people trapped under rubble , a day after a powerful earthquake rippled through a rural stretch of villages in the country 's southeastern region , Iranian media reported . Iran 's Press TV said aftershocks followed the 6.5 magnitude Monday quake that struck at least 70 villages in Kerman province . Iranian authorities recorded seven deaths and dozens of injuries so far , but authorities expect the casualty toll to rise in the quake -- just over 60 miles away from the site of a deadly tremor that killed 30,000 people seven years ago in the city of Bam . Iran 's Islamic Republic News Agency reported that scores of people are trapped in the debris of buildings that have been destroyed . Many such sites are in hard-to-reach locations , making any rescue operations even more difficult . Are you there ? Share earthquake stories with CNN iReport Jessica Sigala , a U.S. Geological Survey physicist in Golden , Colorado , thinks the number of deaths could range from between 10 to 1,000 , based on statistics and information about past earthquakes . She said that while this latest event was similar in magnitude to the Bam quake , which measured at 6.6 magnitude , the Monday quake struck a more remote region about 63 miles away from that city . "  That 's an important thing to realize . That distance will help decrease the fatality rate as well as the damage , " she said . "  There is n't a big city anywhere to be seen . " But , she said , that does n't mean the quake was n't felt through the region . In fact , said Kerman governor Esmail Najjar , the tremors were felt as far away as Hormozgan province , which lies on the Persian Gulf , and Sistan-Baluchestan province , which borders Afghanistan and Pakistan . It was also felt in Bam and other cities , such as Zahedan , Khash and Iranshahr . "  Considering the dimensions of the damage , the death toll is expected to rise , " Najjar was quoted as saying by the IRNA news agency . The high-impact zone 's population -- which Najjar estimated at between 5,000 and 6,000 people -- was widely dispersed . The quake 's epicenter was around the town of Hosseinabad . Many of the structures in the quake-hit region use adobe as construction material , and that can crumble in earthquakes , Press TV reported . Photos in Iranian media showed pictures of rubble and people huddled outside damaged buildings . Images showed some bodies wrapped in sheets and people crying . Javad Kamali , a deputy governor for Kerman province , told the IRNA that the tremor knocked down phone lines throughout the region . Military and law enforcement workers could communicate only using wireless technology , he added . Relief and recovery teams , some from outside the area , have converged around the village of Hosseinabad , between the towns of Fahraj and Rigan , Kamali said . In addition , IRNA reported that Kerman province 's disaster council convened an emergency meeting to assess possible damage and coordinate potential aid and assistance efforts . Iran lies on a series of seismic fault lines and experiences earthquakes almost daily , and at times , they have had devastating consequences , such as the quake in Bam . Last year , an earthquake struck Hormozgan province in southern Iran , injuring about 700 people in the port city of Bandar Abbas , state media reported . And there 's been plenty of activity in recent months as well . In early November , a 4.9-magnitude earthquake in the northwestern Lorestan province injured at least 80 people , according to IRNA . One person died two months earlier when a quake measuring magnitude-5 .5 struck southern Iran , and in August three were killed after a 5.7-magnitude tremor in northern Iran , several state news agencies reported . CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report	NEW : Aftershocks are felt after the quake The death toll is expected to rise , state-run media says The strike was centered in a largely rural area Iran experiences quakes almost daily
CNN  -- Shahid Afridi claimed six victims to pave the way for Pakistan to claim victory by four wickets in their opening one-day international against Australia in Dubai . Career-best figures from Shahid Afridi helped steer Pakistan to victory in the first one-dayer against Australia . The all-rounder secured career-best figures of six for 38 as Australia could only manage a paltry 168 in an innings that lasted just 38.5 overs . The world champions again lost their way in the middle overs , losing eight for 27 at one stage as they wilted against Afridi 's spin . It could have been worse for the Australians who relied on a last-wicket stand of 46 runs between James Hopes  48 not out  and Ben Hilfenhaus  four  to give their score some respectability . Pakistan 's reply always looked on track with Kamran Akmal hitting 48 at the top of the order before Misbah-ul-Haq anchored the innings with an unbeaten 30 from 68 balls . A near-capacity crowd filled the Dubai Sports City Cricket Stadium as the venue hosted international cricket for the first time . The postponed series , which was originally due to be played last year , had been moved from Pakistan to neutral turf because of security concerns . Meanwhile , a superb half-century from Adam Gilchrist set Deccan Chargers on their way to a 24-run win over Bangalore Royal Challengers in the Indian Premier League in Cape Town . The Australian smashed a quickfire 71 and Rohit Sharma contributed 52 as Deccan reached 184 for six from their 20 overs . Bangalore 's reply never really got going with captain Kevin Pietersen managing just 11 before he fell to a teasing delivery from Pragyan Ojha and a smart stumping from Gilchrist . Rahul Dravid gave them hope with a thumping 48 before holing out , and Virat Kohli posted 50 , but with precious little support from their team-mates their efforts proved in vain .	Shahid Afridi claims six victims to pave the way for Pakistan to beat Australia Pakistan reach required target to win first one-dayer in Dubai by four wickets Adam Gilchrist half-century helps Deccan Chargers beat Bangalore in the IPL
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- When Atlanta police officers Bryan Ernest and Bernatt Collins get a burglary call , they know that the house they walk into will probably be stripped , right down to the materials inside the walls . Calls to Atlanta , Georgia , police are increasing for vacant homes ransacked by burglars . They are part of a special burglary detail formed to watch the increasing number of vacant houses resulting from unpaid mortgages . Drawing their guns , the officers approach an empty house and shout "  Atlanta police ! " before entering . It 's a burglary call , and they have to expect the worst . But the officers usually get to a home long after the thief has gone , leaving Sheetrock hanging from the walls like shredded cardboard , giant holes in the ceilings and exposed wiring minus its valuable copper parts . Watch foreclosed homes gutted by thieves " "  This is all copper that they are taking out down the walls , " Ernest said . "  You can see where the outlets were , any bit of copper they take . " The Atlanta Police Department does n't know how many homes have been hit . The police are not keeping records that differentiate between thieves who steal from occupied homes and those who rip out copper and appliances from vacant houses , many of them the result of the nation 's foreclosure crisis . See foreclosures across the country " Across the country , law enforcement officials report that more empty houses are being burglarized . Developers are unable to sell newly built homes , and landlords have trouble renting properties . Atlanta is one of the few police departments that has formed a special vacant home burglary team . Rising copper prices are driving some of the thievery , but that 's not all the burglars are taking . Wanda Vaughn and her mother , Vera , operate a contracting service . Banks and homeowners hire them to fix what 's been broken and/or replace stolen items after a thief strikes . Sometimes they replace everything in a home and board it up to prevent more burglaries . Wanda Vaughn has seen water heaters ripped out and dumped on hardwood floors and carpet . "  This has to be torn out and replaced , " she said while walking through a burglarized house in Atlanta . "  The baseboards have to be torn out because of mold on all the carpet padding and subflooring . " Estimated damage : between $ 15,000 and $ 20,000 for only about $ 40 worth of copper . "  They took the stove , the refrigerator , the cabinets , everything , including the kitchen sink ! " Vaughn said . Although some areas Ernest and Collins have patrolled over the past year are areas typically targeted by criminals , the burglaries are becoming more prevalent in affluent neighborhoods . "  The neighbors have been calling and saying they are hearing banging or seeing a vehicle that 's parked at a house that 's supposed to be vacant , " Ernest said . Some thieves carry book bags full of copper . Others push baby carriages and shopping carts full of stripped building materials . "  Whatever they can push or pull to get this stuff out , they use , " Collins said . County and city code enforcement departments often have difficulty locating homeowners . Some live out of town , and others have abandoned the houses after being unable to make mortgage payments , police said . House investor Bob Forbes said it 's a constant battle when a home he owns is burglarized . Forbes usually installs steel cages around the air conditioning units outside the houses , but thieves take the air conditioner apart and pull the smaller pieces through the cage , leaving an empty concrete slab and padlock dangling off the bars of the cage . "  In one house , I betcha I replaced the air conditioning condensers three times , and they kept coming back , " he said . "  If you do n't have somebody in the house , it 's going to happen . In one house that was about to close escrow , the plumbing was perfect . I came in the next day , and the plumbing , including the toilets , was gone ! "	Vacant homes across the country are being burglarized at a high rate Many homes have been left empty by homeowners who can not rent them Atlanta Police Department has special team to fight the special kind of burglary Materials like copper are being stripped from the buildings and sold by thieves
CNN  -- Long before fish swam in Macquariums , hipsters got Apple logo tattoos and thousands camped out for days to get into computer store openings , there was a machine . Danielle Brecker found this 1989 photo of friends on their Macs at Drexel University in Philadelphia . Saturday marks the 25th anniversary of the original Macintosh , the first personal computer to draw masses , introduce the mouse and incorporate a graphical user interface , relying on images instead of text . The Apple Inc. watershed product entered American consciousness amid fanfare , with a $ 1.5 million commercial , made by Ridley Scott , wowing audiences during Super Bowl XVIII . The piece 's title , "  1984 , " invoked author George Orwell 's message and stood as a warning against conformity . Two days after the ad ran , the Macintosh became available and life , as people knew it , changed . No longer were computers viewed as toys with which to play primitive games or as untouchable tools reserved for degreed engineers . We began to think different . "  The Macintosh demonstrated that it was possible and profitable to create a machine to be used by millions and millions of people , " said Alex Soojung-Kim Pang , research director for the Institute for the Future , a Palo Alto , California , think tank , and chief force behind "  Making the Macintosh : Technology and Culture in Silicon Valley , " an online historical exhibit . "  The gold standard now for personal electronics is , ` Is it easy enough for my grandmother to use it ? ' People on the Macintosh project were the first people to talk about a product in that way . " Pang , 44 , remembered being "  mesmerized " by the computer when he first saw it up close in his college bookstore . He was n't alone . Read about how iReporters are preserving Mac history For graphic designers like Zo Korstvedt , now a Los Angeles creative director , the evolving Mac , with each added feature , was ripe with ah-ha moments . To tinker with a piece , play with the text , "  to visualize on your computer was just insane , " she said . "  My colleagues and I wonder how we did it -LSB- their jobs -RSB- before . " No wonder , then , that when Korstvedt , 44 , married her first husband in 1989 , she used half of their wedding money to buy her first home computer : a Mac SE/30 , for which she forked over extra bucks for an upgrade to a whopping 8 megabytes of RAM . Nothing compared to the 12 gigs she now has . "  I was styling , " she said with a laugh . Jeremy Mehrle , 30 , of the St. Louis , Missouri , area is too young to know a world without Macs . This MacAddict began hoarding and tinkering with tossed-out computers , and then he discovered eBay . Today , the motion graphics designer 's 1,400 square-foot basement is a museum to Apple computers , all-white and in gallery-style with about 80 fully-functioning machines on display . "  Some people think it 's really cool . ... Others say ` It 's Jeremy 's thing , it 's a little weird , whatever , ' " he said . "  I think if I had stacks everywhere , and you could n't move in my house , people would be worried . " What 's Mehrle 's hobby , however , became a career for Dan Foust , 38 , of Bloomington , Illinois . "  Danapplemacman , " as he 's known on eBay , makes a living out of buying , and when necessary resuscitating , these computers before hawking them online to customers/collectors in places as far-flung as Italy and Australia . So what would people pay for an original Macintosh ? "  A complete boxed system ? , " he said . "  I ca n't put a price on that . " The extremes to which people have gone in their love and loyalty for Apple  and specifically Macs  knows no bounds . Perhaps no one knows this better than Leander Kahney , news editor at Wired.com and author of Cult of Mac , as well as the more recently published Inside Steve 's Brain . That would be Apple co-founder Steve Jobs ' brain , of course . From his phone in a San Francisco coffee shop , Kahney told tales of people allotting their limited vacation time to Macworld conferences , a man who has traveled to 40 Apple store openings and those who shaved Apple logos into their heads . As for the Apple tattoos , those , at first , really bothered him . "  I 'm a bit of a leftie , " he said . The idea of "  corporate worship " did n't initially sit well with him -- although he 's not afraid to admit his own obsession . "  It 's a very deep relationship people have with their computers . ... If the computer 's not working , it 's more important than the car breaking down . " Speaking of worship , Israeli filmmakers Ron and Kobi Shely created "  MacHEADS : The Movie , " a 50-minute documentary that 'll be available next week on Amazon 's video on demand service and , soon after , on iTunes . The film includes footage from The Church of Mac in Los Angeles , where a preacher and congregants gathered to glorify the computer at a service that ended with , "  Praise Steve . " "  Although we read a lot about the -LSB- Mac -RSB- phenomenon , " Ron Shely said by phone from Tel Aviv of the two-year film project , "  we did n't realize how big this social movement really is . " And that , beyond the products , is what has been so powerful about the Mac brand , said Peter Friess , president of The Tech Museum of Innovation in San Jose , California . iReport.com : Got your own Mac Museum ? Show us ! Steve Jobs "  really has changed the world , " Friess said . "  You hardly find people who changed cultures . He changed culture . " Decades before Jobs ' health became a topic of discussion , Friess was lucky enough to meet the man . At the time , German-born Friess was a lowly watchmaker , repairing clocks in the basement of Munich 's Deutsches Museum , the largest science and technology museum in the world . The year was 1984 , and Friess thought a Macintosh might come in handy , so he called Apple Germany to see if he might be able to get one . The answer , as he recalled it , " ` You 're very lucky . Steve Jobs is in town . We 'll come over and give you one . ' " Ever since , he 's been amazed and exceedingly intrigued by every new computer . "  My wife goes crazy , " Friess , 49 , admitted . "  Every Apple computer I buy , the first thing I do is take it apart , just to see what 's inside . " For Gary Allen , 61 , of Berkeley , California , his interest is less inside than it is outside the company 's stores . He runs ifoAppleStore.com , the first three letters taken from his police dispatch days , meaning "  in front of . " The site 's genesis dates back to 2001 when Apple store No. 9 opened , in Palo Alto , and he and his son went early . Way early -- as in the night before . The crowds , and natural community , grew on Allen , who began seeing new-found friends at other openings . They were like groupies chasing a band . So he started a Web site , to help fans keep in touch , and soon other Apple enthusiasts began writing from across the globe , sharing tips about new stores , as well as testimonies and photos . The site , he said , averages about 4 million visitors a month . Allen , who guessed he 's been to 22 store openings so far , once stood in the rain for days in Tokyo so he could snag the first spot in line . He 's seen old friends at openings in Germany and Italy . Last summer , he and his now 21-year-old son experienced what he called "  the perfect storm , " hitting Boston , Beijing and Sydney . Next stop : Paris . He may not speak the same language as the thousands who surround him in these various cities , but that does n't much matter when people speak the same language of computer love . "  Apple enthusiasts , it turns out , " Allen said , "  are the same wherever you go . "	Saturday marks the 25th anniversary of the first Macintosh computer Apple launched the Mac in 1984 with Ridley Scott 's landmark Super Bowl XVIII ad Steve Jobs is credited for cult-like worship seen in tattoos , collections , Macquariums Fans flock to Macworld expos , Apple store openings and hoard eBay purchases
CNN  -- It will take more than a television interview to reduce sanctions against Lance Armstrong , the World Anti-Doping Agency said Tuesday as Oprah Winfrey spoke out about her interview with the disgraced cyclist . "  Only when Mr. Armstrong makes a full confession under oath -- and tells the anti-doping authorities all he knows about doping activities -- can any legal and proper process for him to seek any reopening or reconsideration of his lifetime ban commence , " agency Director General David Howman said . Armstrong came "  ready " for the interview Monday with Winfrey , the long-time TV talk show host said Tuesday . The interview will air in two parts , Thursday night and Friday night , on Winfrey 's OWN cable network and the Internet , she said . Speaking with her close friend Gayle King on "  CBS This Morning , " Winfrey would not give specific quotes from the interview . But she appeared to confirm multiple media reports that the former seven-time Tour de France champion used the occasion to acknowledge having used performance-enhancing drugs . Asked whether she thought it was difficult for him to "  come clean " to her , Winfrey responded , "  Yes . I think the entire interview was difficult . " Public takes shots at Armstrong in advance of Oprah interview Word of what Armstrong apparently told Winfrey is accelerating calls by anti-doping agencies for the disgraced cyclist to come clean to them about all he knows . The U.S. Anti-Doping Agency accused Armstrong in October of involvement in a sophisticated doping program while he was a professional cyclist . The world governing body for cycling , the International Cycling Union , stripped Armstrong of his seven Tour de France titles following the report . He 's also been banned from the sport for life . Winfrey said the former cyclist was forthcoming in the exhausting and intense interview taped Monday in Armstrong 's hometown of Austin , Texas . "  We were mesmerized and riveted by some of his answers , " she told CBS . While the interview was revealing , Winfrey said , his demeanor surprised her . "  He did not come clean in the manner that I expected . " She did n't elaborate . Winfrey said her team and Armstrong 's camp had originally agreed not to leak details of the interview , and that she was surprised to find that not long after the interview , news reports were saying part of what Armstrong told her had "  already been confirmed . " It was not immediately clear why Armstrong apparently chose to acknowledge doping after years of vigorous denials . Juliet Macur , the New York Times reporter who broke the news on January 4 that Armstrong was considering an admission of doping , said he is too driven to accept life without sports . "  He has had  several months  to think about how he is lonely , how he does n't have the adulation of fans at the finish line and nobody to beat right now , " she said . "  And it 's driving him nuts . " Armstrong has been seeking to participate in triathlons sanctioned by U.S. Olympic authorities . Armstrong excelled at triathlons as a teenager and went back to the sport after retiring from cycling . He has been banned from officially sanctioned events . Armstrong in talks to return Postal Service money Paul Willerton , who raced with Armstrong in the early 1990s , said any confession would be "  just a starting point " for the cycling star . "  There are a lot of people still lying , " Willerton said , naming former Armstrong consultant Dr. Michele Ferrari , and Johan Bruyneel , the one-time director of Armstrong 's U.S. Postal Service team . "  These guys are still perpetrating the lies and deception that Lance ruled over , and Lance holds the keys . He wants his control back , and he desperately wants to be liked by the American public . And you ca n't have it all . " The USADA suspended Ferrari for life in July , naming him as part of a large-scale doping conspiracy . Bruyneel is battling similar charges by the agency and said in October that he was "  stunned " its findings on Armstrong revealed details of the allegations against him . Meanwhile , fallout continued over legal wrangling concerning doping and Armstrong 's involvement in the Postal Service team . The New York Times had reported that Armstrong was planning to testify against several powerful people in the sport of cycling who may have facilitated doping . The newspaper , citing one person close to the situation , also said he was planning to testify against officials from the International Cycling Union . A source with knowledge of the situation denied the reports . Then there is a whistleblower lawsuit filed in 2010 by Floyd Landis , a former U.S. Postal rider . In the suit Landis accuses the team 's former management of defrauding the government of millions of dollrs because the team management knew about the drug use and did n't do anything . A source familiar with the matter confirmed to CNN that lawyers for Armstrong are in discussions with the Justice Department regarding the case . The government has until Thursday to intervene , not intervene or ask for an extension , the source said . The Justice Department declined Tuesday to comment on potential civil action against Armstrong , saying the whistleblower suit is under court seal . A spokesman for the U.S. Postal Service told CNN it could not discuss any of the legal issues associated with Armstrong and their prior relationship . The claims , the attacks , the legacy : 12 Armstrong quotes to know CNN 's Kevin Bohn contributed to this report .	NEW : Reporter says Armstrong needs competition , fans ' love "  There are a lot of people still lying , " one-time teammate says Oprah Winfrey tells CBS that Lance Armstrong acknowledges doping World Anti-Doping Agency calls on Armstrong to testify
CNN  -- Which politician do you hate ? Do you think President Barack Obama wants to destroy America ? Or do you believe former President George W. Bush is the one who sent the country into the abyss ? What about Ted Cruz , Nancy Pelosi or John Boehner -- which one of them do you think is the devil incarnate ? Americans , disgusted by the failures in Washington , have increasingly resorted to personalizing the blame , drawing imaginary bull 's - eyes and throwing figurative darts at the faces of the politicians whose views they disagree with , all the while fantasizing about throwing the people they despise out of political office . Unfortunately , the problem goes much deeper than a few individuals , however incompetent or despicable : Throw out the ones you hate , and you 'll get new ones to blame , because the problems will not disappear without repairing the flaws in the system that brought the country to this embarrassing and self-destructive place . The people are rightly fed up . In the middle of the just-ended federal shutdown , polls showed most Americans blamed the mess on Republicans , but approval for the entire Congress , which has Democrats as well as Republicans , sank to an incredible 5 % . The prevailing sentiment was revulsion . The question , however , is not how awful the politicians are . The question is why American voters ended up with representatives whose performance they find so thoroughly reprehensible . The answer to that question provides a path to solving the problem . The problem is not just that the nation has divided and moved into partisan echo chambers , where everyone listens only to the people with whom they agree . Each side listens to its own favorite commentators on television and radio ; each follows like-minded thinkers on Twitter and Facebook . In that system , the most vitriolic speech is the most highly rewarded . Moderate Americans have less tantalizing things to say . If you think the other side is driven only by selfish motives or by nefarious goals , you will find a willing , enthusiastic and fast-growing audience . But if you believe that the differences stem from different life experiences and honest philosophical disagreements and if you believe that Republicans and Democrats want what is best for the country but have distinct ideas about what that means or how to achieve it , your views will get little traction in this emotionally charged environment . The irony is that those moderate views represent America most faithfully . A recent poll by NBC and Esquire magazine concluded that most Americans are social and political centrists , in sharp contrast to the clashes of extremes that we see in the media , on the Internet and in Congress . The poll showed the majority supports same-sex marriage , legal marijuana , paid maternity leave , child care subsidies to help new mothers get back to work , a higher minimum wage and paid sick leave . But a majority also supports the death penalty , offshore drilling and the end of affirmative action in hiring and education . This is not the picture of an extremist country . It 's the picture of a nation trying to come to grips with difficult questions . That , of course , is not how Congress looks . There , everyone seems absolutely certain on every issue , even if certainty is something that should elude us all frequently if we are honest about our human limitations . So how did we end up with a Congress that looks so different from America ? One of the main reasons is voter apathy . Most voters are paying attention right now , horrified by the spectacle put on by their representatives . But when the time comes for choosing those representatives , particularly during midterms and local elections , they become distracted , leaving the job to the zealots , those people who care most passionately about politics and are most closely affiliated with activist political groups . As a result , whichever side is most energized -- often the one feeling most aggrieved -- manages to mobilize for the low-turnout elections . In 2010 , the flames of hatred against Barack Obama burned hot , just as they had once burned against George W. Bush on the other side of the political spectrum . The 2010 election not only took more right-wing Republicans to Washington , it also gave them historic gains in state legislatures . Local control of legislatures has allowed the parties to sharpen their gerrymandering pens -- drawing safe congressional districts that all but guarantee re-election . Americans may want to fire all of Congress , but they do n't want to fire their own representative . That means there is little incentive to compromise . Inflexible politicians are rewarded by voters , and the country suffers . Not only is the government not providing the best possible solutions for America 's problems , it is , in fact , creating new problems , causing unemployment . Just as the U.S. economy managed to pull out of recession , the politicians put their shoulder to the wheel and pushed in the wrong direction . The shutdown that just ended and the flirtation with the potential disaster of running against the debt ceiling are the latest chapter in a long-running political soap opera . It might be entertaining if it were n't so damaging . According to one study , the fiscal standoffs since 2009 have lowered growth by 0.3 % of GDP each year , amounting by some calculations , to $ 700 billion in lost GDP . Among other costs , that means 900,000 jobs lost . The shutdown has cost America in global leadership , a loss it wo n't soon recover . America has been weakened . Its rivals are gloating . And now that the two sides have finally reached a deal to reopen the government , the agreement is good for just three months . That means more uncertainty , more government-made pushback against recovery and job creation , more talented federal employees deciding they 've had enough of working for an employer that suddenly tells them "  do n't come to work tomorrow , even if you want to . " Centrists , the majority of the country , would help America simply by speaking out as forcefully for moderate positions as the zealots do , by encouraging people to listen to different points of views , by pushing for a return to more mixed congressional districts and by making sure to vote in all elections . Instead of wasting energy raging against individual politicians , it would be more productive to fight against apathy and against demonization . Hating individual politicians misses the point . Fight instead to fix the system that is broken . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis	Frida Ghitis : Frustration with politics leads people to lash out with hatred She says rather than hate Bush , Obama , Boehner or Cruz , look at the root causes Ghitis says U.S. political system rewards polarization , which wins low-turnout elections Centrists need to speak out to put politicians on the right track , she says
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- After his weekend arrest on gun charges , rapper T.I. will remain in custody until a bond hearing Friday , a federal magistrate said Monday . T.I. , whose real name is Clifford Harris , was arrested without incident in midtown Atlanta . The entertainer , whose real name is Clifford Harris , was arrested Saturday just hours before he was scheduled to perform at the BET Hip Hop Awards . The small court room of Magistrate Judge Alan Baverman was packed with family , supporters and media , but even more people , including the rapper 's mother , were turned away because of the overcrowding . Harris , 27 , was arrested in a federal sting after his bodyguard-turned-informant delivered three machine guns and two silencers to the hip-hop star , according to a Justice Department statement . Watch a search of the rapper 's home " He was held in federal custody over the weekend . Authorities said that Harris provided the bodyguard $ 12,000 to buy the weapons , which Harris is not allowed to own because he is a convicted felon . Court documents said Harris was convicted on felony drug charges in 1998 , and a federal affidavit said he has been arrested on gun charges in the past . However , one of his attorneys , Dwight Thomas , said he was not aware Harris was a convicted felon and that "  a number of people " live in Harris ' suburban Atlanta home . Thomas added there were "  two sides to every story -- sometimes three " and he was confident the legal system would work in Harris ' favor . The entertainer was taken into custody about 2:30 p.m. Saturday in Atlanta , where the BET award show was taped . Harris , the show 's top nominee , was up for nine awards , including CD of the year and lyricist of the year . He also was scheduled to perform , along with fellow rap stars Common , Nelly and Kanye West . Harris won two awards . The show went on without the self-proclaimed "  King of the South , " whose car and home in the Atlanta suburb of College Park were searched after his arrest . Authorities said they found three more firearms in the car in which Harris drove to pick up the machine guns and silencers , "  including one loaded gun tucked between the driver 's seat where Harris had been sitting and the center console . " At his home , authorities found six other guns , five of them loaded , in his bedroom closet . "  Machine guns pose a serious danger to the community , which is why they are so carefully regulated , " said David Nahmias , U.S. attorney for the Northern District of Georgia . "  The last place machine guns should be is in the hands of a convicted felon , who can not legally possess any kind of firearm . This convicted felon allegedly was trying to add several machine guns to an already large and entirely illegal arsenal of guns . " The sting came after Harris ' bodyguard was arrested purchasing the machine guns and silencers from an undercover Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives agent Wednesday , according to the Justice Department statement . The bodyguard then agreed to cooperate with the ATF , the statement said . The guns were not registered on the National Firearms Registration and Transfer Record as required by law . The bodyguard -- who has worked for Harris since July -- told authorities he had bought about nine guns for the rap star in the past , the statement said . On Wednesday , authorities said , Harris arranged for the bodyguard to pick up $ 12,000 in cash from a bank to buy the guns . After his arrest , the bodyguard made phone calls to Harris , which authorities recorded , the statement said . Harris was supposed to meet the bodyguard in a shopping center parking lot in midtown Atlanta to pick up the guns . Authorities arrested Harris there without incident , the Justice Department statement said . Court documents in the case show Harris was convicted on felony drug charges in Cobb County , Georgia , in 1998 and sentenced to seven years ' probation . "  Harris has additional arrests and at least one probation violation for unlawfully possessing firearms , " according to an affidavit . Harris ' music is built around the drug culture and is known as "  trap musik , " the name of Harris ' second album . A "  trap " is Southern slang for a drug house . Harris soon will appear in the movie "  American Gangster , " starring Denzel Washington and Russell Crowe . The film is set to open November 2 . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Mike Phelan and Catherine Callaway contributed to this report .	NEW : T.I. to remain in custody until Friday , when there 's a bond hearing Rapper was arrested Saturday on weapons charges T.I. won two awards at BET awards show Saturday night
Health.com  -- Young children with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder  ADHD  are roughly four times more likely than their peers to become depressed or attempt suicide in later childhood , a new study suggests . Researchers followed 125 children with ADHD for up to 14 years beginning at ages 4 to 6 , and compared them with a similar group of children without ADHD . Thirty-nine percent of the children with ADHD were also found to have depression during the study period , versus 8 percent in the control group . The risk for depression increased if the child demonstrated symptoms and behaviors that are distinct from -- but often occur alongside -- ADHD , such as anxiety , defiance , hostility , bullying , and fighting . The risk for depression was also more pronounced if the child 's mother had a history of depression . Health.com : How to recognize the symptoms of depression "  The only children with ADHD who were not at increased risk for depression were those without a depressed mother and who exhibited very few symptoms of other types of mental health problems , " says the senior author of the study , Benjamin Lahey , Ph.D. , a psychologist and professor of epidemiology at the University of Chicago . "  That is only a small proportion of children with ADHD . " ADHD also increased the risk of suicide attempts . Roughly 18 percent of the kids with ADHD attempted suicide at least once during the study , compared with 6 percent of the kids in the control group .  None were successful , fortunately . Children who were primarily hyperactive and impulsive appeared to be at greatest risk , which suggests that impulsivity may play a role in suicidal behavior , the researchers say . Girls were at greater risk than boys for both depression and suicide attempts , but there were n't enough girls in the study to draw firm conclusions about gender , according to the authors . Health.com : How to spot the warning signs of suicide The study appears in the Archives of General Psychiatry . ADHD is estimated to affect 4.4 million children in the U.S. and has been shown to raise the risk for academic and social difficulties , employment problems , and even brushes with the law later in life . However , this study is the first to examine the risk factors for depression in very young children with ADHD , and the first to follow children for an extended period of time . Experts have long suspected an ADHD-depression link in childhood , but the research to date has been inconclusive . "  This study adds more data to the notion that early manifestations of hyperactivity and impulsivity ... are not necessarily benign , " says Dr. Benedetto Vitiello , M.D. , chief of the research branch dedicated to child and adolescent treatment and prevention at the National Institute of Mental Health , which funded the study . Health.com : Quiz : Do you have adult ADHD ? But the children in the study are n't necessarily typical of all children with ADHD , says Rafael Klorman , Ph.D. , a professor of psychology at the University of Rochester Medical Center , in New York . It 's relatively uncommon for ADHD to be identified in children as young as 4 , he explains , and kids who get a diagnosis at that age tend to have more severe symptoms . "  These kids were diagnosed earlier , which means that the researchers have a sample with especially higher severity , " Klorman says . "  They may be getting the high end of the spectrum . " Parents should not "  panic and think their children with ADHD are destined for depression or suicide , " Lahey says . However , he adds , if parents are concerned that their child is showing symptoms of ADHD or depression , they should consult a mental health professional and consider family therapy . Health.com : What if my child begins to exhibit symptoms of ADHD ? More research is needed to identify effective interventions that can lower the chances of depression in high-risk kids with ADHD , Vitiello says , echoing Lahey and his colleagues . Early intervention and treatment are important , as the risk of depression and other health problems associated with ADHD can last well into adulthood . Previous studies have estimated that anywhere from 16 percent to 37 percent of adults with ADHD have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder or dysthymia , a milder form of depression . And in another new study , which appears in the Archives of Pediatric & Adolescent Medicine , researchers at New York University report that teenagers with ADHD are about twice as likely to have problems with alcohol and drugs in their 30s than those without the disorder . Health.com : Adult ADHD and substance use However , the risk seems mainly due to the overlap between ADHD and conduct disorder , a related condition that 's characterized by physical aggression and delinquent behavior , such as stealing and vandalism . The teens who did not show signs of conduct disorder did not appear to be at increased risk for substance abuse , the study found . Both ADHD and conduct disorder may be an early warning sign for alcohol and drug problems , the researchers suggest . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2010	Children with ADHD are four times more likely to become depressed or attempt suicide 39 percent of kids with ADHD were also found to have depression in the study Researchers suggest that ADHD may be an early warning sign for alcohol abuse
Miami  CNN  -- University of Florida researchers examining the carcass of a large , pregnant Burmese python said Monday they found a record 87 eggs inside , giving them important clues about the reproductive capability of the dangerous , invasive species . Scientists at the Florida Museum of Natural History on the university 's campus examined the 164.5-pound , 17.5-foot snake Friday after it was brought there from the Everglades National Park . It is the largest one ever found at the park . "  This thing is monstrous -- it 's about a foot wide , " said Kenneth Krysko , the manager of the museum 's herpetology collection . "  It means there 's nothing stopping them and the native wildlife are in trouble . " Pythons wiping out mammals in Everglades , researchers say Everglades National Park and the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission are working with other agencies on the problem of the Burmese python , a non-native but established species in Florida that is one of the deadliest and most competitive predators in the southern part of the state , according to the university . The snakes have no known predator , and population estimates range from the thousands to hundreds of thousands . Previous records for Burmese pythons captured in the wild were 16.8 feet long and 85 eggs . Scientists say research of the snake 's biology is important in understanding how to stop the python 's spread -- not just in the Everglades , but also in the state and around the world . "  I think one of the important facts about this animal is its reproductive capability , " said park wildlife biologist Skip Snow . "  There are not many records of how many eggs a large female snake carries in the wild . This shows they 're a really reproductive animal , which aids in their invasiveness . " 16-foot python devours deer in Florida The snake was so big that researchers had to pile it on top of itself and wheel it into the examination room on a flat cart . They laid it on a series of tables lined up end to end , and then five researchers worked side by side to dissect the length of the snake . The Burmese python is native to Southeast Asia and was first found in the Everglades in 1979 , the university says . They were determined to be an established species in 2000 . "  They were here 25 years ago , but in very low numbers and it was difficult to find one because of their cryptic behavior , " Krysko said . "  Now , you can go out to the Everglades nearly any day of the week and find a Burmese python . We 've found 14 in a single day . " There are state laws now that prohibit people from owning Burmese pythons as pets or taking them across state lines without a federal permit . Floridians can also hunt them during certain seasons if they have the proper license and permits . Florida has the world 's worst problem with invasive reptiles and amphibians , the university said . In a study published last year in the journal Zootaxa , Krysko found 137 non-native species were introduced to Florida between 1863 and 2010 , with pet trade determined to be the No. 1 cause . Readers ' solutions for Florida 's wild python problems	The python is 17.5 feet long and weighed 164.5 pounds It is the largest ever found in the Florida Everglades Scientists are hoping for clues about how to stop the snakes ' spread The species is dangerous and invasive , with no known predator
CNN  -- President Barack Obama will welcome his Gabonese counterpart to the White House on Thursday , a day after a visit with another African leader . Obama and President Ali Bongo Ondimba will discuss regional issues and bilateral topics . Ondimba was elected in 2009 following the death of his father , Omar Bongo , who had ruled the nation for 42 years . White House press secretary Jay Carney defended the invitation Wednesday when asked whether it was appropriate to invite the leader , whom U.S. officials have accused of corruption . "  Gabon is holding the rotating presidency of the U.N. Security Council ; it 's an important position , " Carney said at a news briefing . "  Moreover , Gabon has voted in ways that we consider very helpful on issues like Cote d'Ivoire , Libya and Iran . It has been an important ally in our efforts in those countries through the United Nations . " Obama is meeting with the leader as he does with others "  who have less than sterling " records , the press secretary said . Though human rights concerns remain an issue in the country , Ondimba has made several reforms , according to Carney . "  So we 're obviously -- we think it 's definitely a worthwhile meeting , " he said . The tiny Gabon , which has a population of about 1.5 million , is a major oil producer in Africa . His visit comes a day after Obama and Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan discussed regional and global developments . The White House has announced that first lady Michelle Obama will travel to South Africa and Botswana this month .	White House press secretary defends decision to invite the leader U.S. officials have accused President Ali Bongo Ondimba of corruption
CNN  -- Real Madrid 's hopes of European success were boosted on Monday with the news that Cristiano Ronaldo and Kaka have been passed fit for Tuesday 's first leg of the Champions League quarterfinal against English club Tottenham . Top scorer Ronaldo was in doubt for the match , Real 's first in the last-eight stage since 2004 , due to a recurring hamstring problem suffered before the international break . The Portugal captain missed Saturday 's 1-0 defeat by Sporting Gijon which ended Real coach Jose Mourinho 's unbeaten home league record that started nine years ago when he was in charge at Porto . However , he trained on Monday along with Brazilians Kaka and Marcelo , who were also named in the 19-man squad following their recovery from thigh and rib problems respectively . Marvelous Mourinho record falls -- but will it ever be beaten ? Spain midfielder Xabi Alonso returns after a domestic suspension and striker Gonzalo Higuain should make his second appearance after returning on Saturday as a substitute following back surgery , but France striker Karim Benzema is ruled out along with midfielders Fernando Gago and Pedro Leon . "  This is a match that a lot of people want to play in but are unable to , " Mourinho told reporters on Monday . "  It has been several years since Real Madrid have played in the quarterfinals of the Champions League . "  The Champions League is the most important club competition in the world . Whoever plays it does n't have to look far for motivation . All we must do is focus on this match . " Tottenham have also been hit by injuries , but former France international William Gallas may make a surprise return from a knee problem to boost a defensive line-up lacking club captain Ledley King , Jonathan Woodgate , Younes Kaboul and Alan Hutton . Mourinho loses long unbeaten record Young Wales winger Gareth Bale is expected to return from a hamstring injury after training at the Bernabeu on Monday , and will give Spurs an attacking threat that was missing in the last-16 elimination of AC Milan . "  I was one of the first people to say that Gareth Bale would be an excellent player , and I said it when he still was n't a familiar face in European football , " Mourinho said . "  I know he is a great player , but he is young and has a lot of room for improvement . I think he will be the best of the best . " Tottenham reached the European Cup semifinals in 1962 , but this is the first time that the London side have qualified for the tournament since it was revamped as the Champions League in 1992 . Coach Harry Redknapp said his team have every chance of reaching the last four . "  I do n't feel any pressure . No one expected us to be here at the start of the season and we have a big chance of winning , " he told reporters . "  We are not just coming here to turn up . We want to keep progressing . "  The dream is still there for us , we have to make that dream come true . We want to go all the way if we can . We know how difficult it 's going to be , but there is still a chance and we have to take it . " In Tuesday 's other quarterfinal first-leg tie , Mourinho 's former club Inter Milan continue their title defense against German club Schalke at the San Siro . Schalke beat Inter on penalties in the 1997 UEFA Cup final at that venue , but go into the match with new coach Ralf Rangnick -- who failed to take the club past the group stage in 2005-06 in his first spell in charge . Inter coach Leonardo has yet to win a Champions League match at home , and his side must bounce back from Saturday 's demoralizing 3-0 defeat in the Milan derby which put a big dent in Inter 's hopes of retaining the Serie A crown . "  The way we qualified has brought confidence , proving that we never give up , " the Brazilian said of his team 's elimination of Schalke 's fellow Germans Bayern Munich in the previous round . "  That 's what we want to keep doing -- it does n't matter if we lost the derby on Saturday . I respect the criticism I have had since then but the first-minute goal made life complicated . We 're obviously disappointed , but I 'm sure my players will react . And , yes , I 've never won a Champions League game at home  as a coach  but I 'm not dwelling on it . " Schalke 's last game against St. Pauli on Friday was called off after an assistant referee was hit by a full beer cup thrown from the crowd , but by that stage defender Christoph Metzelder had already broken his nose and Mario Gavranovic and Peer Kluge also picked up injuries . Former AC Milan striker Klaas-Jan Huntelaar is ruled out along with Christoph Moritz and Christian Pander . Inter striker Diego Milito , a two-goal hero in last year 's final , returned from a two-month injury absence against AC Milan but the Argentine may again start on the bench .	Cristiano Ronaldo , Kaka and Marcelo included in Real Madrid 's 19-man squad Injured trio expected to feature in first leg of quarterfinal against Tottenham in Madrid London club boosted by the return from injury of speedy young winger Gareth Bale Internazionale continue title defense against Schalke in wake of Milan derby defeat
CNN  -- Yume-Hotaru 's first novel was a best-seller in Japanese bookstores , and he wrote it entirely with his thumbs . Publishers in Japan were quick to see the potential of putting cellphone novels into print . The 22-year-old who would rather be identified by his pen name than his real one  Yume-Hotaru means "  Dreaming Firefly " in Japanese  started composing the novel on his cell phone in 2007 . Between classes , on the bus or before going to bed at night , he would type single sentences into his phone 's tiny keypad , uploading each one straight to the mobile social networking site Mobage-town . The more Yume-Hotaru posted , the more popular his story became . It won a prize and soon publishers approached him , asking if he wanted to turn his digital book into a paper one . By early 2008 , his novel "  First Experience , " a story about love and sex in high school , was a top title in one of Tokyo 's biggest bookstores . Since it emerged in Japan nearly a decade ago , the cell phone novel , or keitai shosetsu , has moved from a little-known subgenre to a mainstream literary phenomenon . Keitai shosetsu sites boast billions of monthly users while publishers sell millions of copies of cellular stories taken from phones and turned into paperback . It is even spreading to other countries as other cultures start to take part in a type of composition long considered purely Japanese . As the name suggests , cell phone novels are written entirely on handsets and posted on sites like Maho no i-rando  Magic Island  , the first and largest mobile novel portal in Japan . The site has a million titles , 3.5 billion monthly visitors and six million registered users , according to the company . Mobile readers instantly see new chapters as they are added , often adding comments about the direction they think a novel should take . The diary-like stories are written and read mostly by young women in their teens and 20 's . Many authors use pen names and claim their stories are at least partially autobiographical . The novels often center on themes that are rarely discussed aloud in Japanese society -- drugs , sex , pregnancy , abortion , rape and disease . "  When they write those novels , they share their secret , personal problems , and when they read by mobile phones , they can hide what they are reading , " explained Toshie Takahashi , an associate professor of media studies at Rikkyo University in Tokyo . "  They are also involved and engaged with their mobile phones very strongly , " added Takahashi , noting that 96 percent of high school students own a cell phone in Japan . "  The mobile phone itself is embedded in young people 's everyday lives very deeply and also emotionally and physically . " Despite its popularity among young women , a male writer known as Yoshi , widely considered the first cellular novelist , brought the burgeoning genre to light when he self-published "  Deep Love " in 2002 . The story about a prostitute in Tokyo sold nearly 3 million copies and was adapted for film , television and Manga , or Japanese comics . Publishing phenomenon A struggling Japanese publishing industry was quick to take notice of the growing popularity of keitai shosetsu , especially early works like Yoshi 's "  Deep Love . " Many of the popular cell phone novels have since been turned into paperbacks , and bookstores across Japan now have entire sections devoted to the digital-age literary genre . By 2007 , half of the country 's 10 best-selling novels were written on cell phones , according to book distributor Tohan while last year mobile novels and comics were a $ 240 million market in Japan , which is over 5 percent of the country 's $ 4.5 billion total mobile content market , according to Japan 's Mobile Content Forum . In January 2009 , three Japanese mobile phone novel publishers reported collective sales of 1.7 million copies . Publishers , like Goma Books , one of the first to print cell phone novels , have also launched their own keitai shosetsu sites , which they use to sift through for talent whose work will be marketable on bookshelves . Goma 's mobile story site Orion carries 20,000 novels and has approximately two million monthly users , according to the company . Goma has also published several top-selling keitai shosetsu , including "  The Red Thread , " by Mei  also a pen name  . Since it was released in 2007 , the story , which revolves around the romance of two middle school students , has sold nearly 2 million copies and was adapted for a TV series and movie last December . The publishing house now prints a new mobile novel every month . Some literary purist do n't think the cell phone novels constitute real literature , but their popularity is undeniable . "  The sentences may be a bit immature . It does n't have a major plot line sometimes . It is just love stories of ordinary high school girls , said Aya Tanaka , a spokesperson for Goma . "  But it is kind of like popular comics , it is what the teenagers want to read , and for the publishers , it is quite a big market and it does sell . " Michael Keferl , a trend consultant with Cscout Japan in Tokyo , believes that " -LSB- readers -RSB- are participating in the creation of the novel , which is one of the reasons why they buy it afterwards . They are helping to write it and are also witnessing it being written . " Crossing cultures However some believe the future of keitai shosetsu as one that is quickly following in the footsteps of most teenage fads : A sudden and rapid rise to mass popularity followed by a slow but steady decline to the fringes of the not-so-cool . Last year few mobile novels appeared on best-seller lists while new stories published online have lost their characteristic edginess , said Chiaki Ishihara , a Japanese literature expert at Waseda University in Tokyo who has studied cell phone novels . "  Keitai shosetsu is rapidly declining at this point , " Ishihara told CNN . "  In a few years , it may not even be considered a subculture . " Others see the cell phone novel moving from an initial boom that peaked around 2007 to a period of market stabilization . "  You are not going to have as many of the big hits as you had before because there are so many titles out , " said Keferl . "  Things are leveling out now . " While the cell phone novel market may be cooling in Japan , it is just starting to emerge in other countries , like the United States , where faster networks and cheaper data plans are leading more consumers to use handsets in ways similar to people in Japan . Many companies are starting to launch mobile web sites in the U.S. , including DeNA , the Japanese firm that owns Mobage-town , the site where Yume-Hotaru writes his keitai shosetsu . "  What has surprised us is users in America are behaving in a similar way to the Japanese , " said Dai Watanabe , president of DeNA Global , Inc. "  They are writing about things that are very close to their actual lives . I was surprised to see it is very similar with what is happening in Japan . " Julian Knighten , a 22-year-old who works three jobs , writes his cell phone stories while lying in bed at night in his home outside of Dallas , Texas . He said he had never heard of keitai shosetsu before but likes writing cell phone novels because of the relationship he has with readers and the feedback they give him about his stories . "  It encourages me to write , " said Knighten . "  And it gives me the chance to escape reality . "	Hugely popular cell phone novels have created new market for publishers in Japan Written on cell phone , often by 20-somethings with themes taboo in society Publishing boom has led to sector maturing , but sales still in millions of copies Cell phone novels finding popularity in U.S. with advancing mobile technology
CNN  -- Canadian authorities are considering criminal charges -- albeit not for a hate crime -- against whomever wrote a stark letter to an Ontario family urging them to either "  move or euthanize " their autistic son . Prosecutors determined that "  despite the hateful language used , " the content of the letter "  falls below the threshold for a hate crime , " the Durham Regional Police Service issued a statement Tuesday . "  However , there are other criminal code issues that are being considered , " police added . The anonymous letter stirred a far-reaching outcry , as well as prompting neighbors to rally around the targeted 13-year-old , Max Begley , since it became public . The letter -- signed "  one pissed off mother " -- castigates Begley 's family for what they describe as the "  nuisance " the teen poses . "  That noise he makes when he is outside is DREADFUL ! Its  sic  scares the hell out of my normal children !!!!! " the letter states . "  They should take whatever non retarded body parts he possesses and donate it to science . " The writer tells the family to "  go live in a trailer in the woods with your wild animal kid " and to do "  the right thing and move or euthanize him ! " "  Either way we are all better off . " The message was delivered to Max 's grandmother 's house , about 15 minutes from the Begley home in Oshawa , a town 40 miles from Toronto . The boy 's father , James , explained that he works and has multiple sclerosis , so Max goes to his grandmother 's three to four times a week . "  If someone is sick enough to not only have those thoughts , but to write those thoughts out and then to mail them " James Begley said , then "  they should be considered dangerous . We are all concerned . " The letter writer has not been identified by authorities , and police have asked people to give them any information on the case . As to Max , who is going into the eighth grade this year , his dad said he is not aware exactly of what has happened . "  But he sure is getting a kick out of all of the attention . "	A letter sent to an Ontario woman 's house calls her grandson a "  nuisance " It urges his family to do "  the right thing and move or euthanize him ! " Police say they are considering criminal charges against the letter writer But "  despite the hateful language , " they say , the words do n't qualify as a hate crime
CNN  -- Dangling from the top of a 20 meter mast while bouncing along the open waves would test even the most hardened sailor 's stomach . If the vertigo does n't rattle you , the mast lurching at a 45 degree angle will . Then there 's the real possibility the whole boat could capsize under the strain -- plunging you deep under water with it . But for maritime photographer Kos Evans -- who pioneered the hazardous art of masthead photography and bagged some of sailing 's greatest images in the process -- it 's all part of the day-job . The extraordinary pictures , taken from masts up to 10 storeys-high , capture sailors the size of ants scuttling around on sleek white decks , surrounded by churning ocean and enormous rippling sails . Looking back at a career that now spans over three decades , Evans recalls the reaction to her first foray into masthead photography in the early 1980s . "  The pictures were incredible because no one had taken a photo from that angle before , " she said . "  A lot of guys would n't do it , so there was admiration and respect for the fact I was trying something new . The media completely pounced on it . " An exhilarating oeuvre of images followed , and Evans has since been shortlisted for the prestigious British Sports Photography Awards , British Nautical Awards and exhibited at London 's Getty Gallery . With a new book , set to be published in January , chronicling in vivid detail the work that has made her a household name in sailing circles , it 's funny to think that it all began as little more than a dare . After graduating from the London College of Printing with a degree in photography , Evans landed a dream job taking pictures aboard British yacht Victory , during the 1982 America 's Cup . It was a joke by the crew that first prompted her to shimmy up the 24 meter mast . "  They thought it would be quite funny to send me up the mast to get me out of their hair , as I 'd been photographing them day-in-day-out for a few weeks , " Evans writes in the upcoming book . Little did they realize the young woman was well up to the challenge , having been raised in a sailing family and yachting since the age of three . "  Once at the top I started shooting , but my feet kept swinging into frame and I had to find ways of wrapping my legs around the mast so I could virtually hang upside down and not fall out of the bosun 's chair . " The result was a remarkable image of the vibrant white , blue and yellow sail billowing around the seemingly tiny deck , later used as the poster for Victory 's America 's Cup campaign . "  Kos is known for her spectacular shots -- whether they be from the top of the mast of a racing yacht or at incredible angles within the water . She brings the colors to life and manages to capture yachts and yachting in the right moment , " said Jamie Edmiston , managing director at international superyacht charter company Edmiston . "  In an industry that was largely dominated by men she carved out a highly respected position and reputation , " she added . Capturing such striking images comes with its dangers , as Evans discovered in the early 1990s when the yacht she was photographing capsized while she was at the top of its 18 meter mast . She had been presenting a television show when the skipper lost control of the yacht . "  We were down in seconds , " said Evans . "  Fortunately one of the crew had cut the rope -LSB- attaching me to the mast -RSB- so I was able to pull myself away . To this day I always carry a knife with me . " When not otherwise clambering up the world 's tallest sailing ships , the award-winning photographer can be found hanging from a helicopter in a harness traveling 160 kilometers per-hour in hot pursuit of Powerboat World Champion competitors . Not content with aerial acrobatics , the ballsy Brit has also carved a name for herself as an accomplished underwater photographer , diving six meters below the surface to capture yachts silently slicing through the waves in the annual Maxi Yacht Rolex Cup . It 's this volatile environment that keeps Evans coming back again and again . "  I love the color and drama of sailing -- the human endurance in unpredictable conditions . " "  I 've never seen myself as a daredevil , my drive has always been trying to find a different image , something that has n't been done before . " When asked if she believed she was indeed the pioneer of masthead photography , the answer is straightforward : "  Absolutely . 100 % . " Judging by her plethora of dizzying images , it would be a tall task finding another photographer who could claim that hard-earned title .	Sailing photographer Kos Evans pioneers innovative masthead genre Climbs 10 meter masts in pursuit of breathtaking photographs Also took stunning underwater shots of massive racing yachts New book chronicles influential 30 year career , including some close calls
CNN Student News  -- October 29 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show :  Indonesia  Haiti Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARMEN SMITH  DOROTHY  : The city of Leeds , Alabama . CARSYN WHITEHEAD  TIN MAN  : Home of the Mighty GreenWave . CARMEN SMITH  DOROTHY  : I 'm Dorothy ! CARSYN WHITEHEAD  TIN MAN  : I 'm the Tin Man ! ALLYSON BROWN  COWARDLY LION  : I 'm the Cowardly Lion ! STEPHANI PAYNE  SCARECROW  : And I 'm the Scarecrow ! ALL : And you are about to enter the wonderful world of the wizard Carl Azuz and CNN Student News ! CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : All right , forget Fridays . That was awesome ! Thank you guys so much for submitting that ! We 've got 10 minutes of commercial-free headlines before we hit the yellow brick road , so let 's go ahead and get rolling ! First Up : Midterm Elections AZUZ : Four days ! That 's all the time that midterm candidates have left to convince Americans to vote for them . Win or lose in next Tuesday 's midterm elections , running for office comes at a price . You 've got to produce TV ads , you 've got to make signs , pay a staff . All of that adds up . Dana Bash takes us out on the campaign trail to look at the money trail and see how much is being spent and where it 's all coming from . BEGIN VIDEO DANA BASH , CNN SENIOR CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT : Sure , there 's a lot of money flowing in this year 's election . But exactly how much being spent is mind blowing : $ 4 billion dollars . To put $ 4 billion in context , that 's enough to send about 80,000 students to Princeton for a year . It could buy every person in America three Big Macs with fries at McDonald 's . Four billion is far more than the $ 2.85 billion spent in the last midterm election in 2006 , and dwarfs the $ 1.61 billion spent little more than a decade ago in 1998 . OpenSecrets.org compiled the figures in a new report . SHEILA KRUMHOLZ , CENTER FOR RESPONSIVE POLITICS : The stakes are so high this cycle that it 's not surprising that there 's an intensity to this cycle that was perhaps reduced or missing in the last cycles . BASH : Though much of the four billion is spent by candidates themselves , an eyepopping amount is coming from outside candidates ' campaigns ; political parties and independent groups . $ 430 million dollars in overall outside spending . Only $ 31 million was spent in 2002 , less than a decade ago . And despite Democrats ' complaints about being outspent , when it comes to political parties , Democrats are winning . All told , the Democratic Party has raised $ 782 million dollars . A lot more than the Republican Party , at $ 515 million . But GOP outside groups , with ads like this , are making up for that gap and then some . Although Democratic groups are catching up , they 're being outspent by GOP counterparts 2-1 . Another fascinating 2010 trend : key industries moving campaign cash from Democrats to Republicans . Take the health care sector . When the president took office , two thirds of its dollars were going to Democrats . Since health care passed , the industry is giving 60 % to Republicans . The same goes for money from Wall Street and the energy sector . Just last year , both gave mostly to Democrats . Now , 67 % of Wall Street money goes to Republicans . The energy sector : 74 % to Republicans . KRUMHOLZ : I think they 've got their finger in the air . I think they 're looking at the changing poll numbers and seeing that the Republicans have a clear shot at taking the majority , particularly in the House . END VIDEO Indonesia Disasters AZUZ : Following up on some international headlines for you now , beginning in Indonesia . Earlier this week , the nation suffered through an earthquake , a tsunami -- a giant ocean wave caused by the earthquake -- and a volcanic eruption . Officials are trying to get help to the victims of these natural disasters , but that 's been tough with all the disasters they 've had to deal with . Plus , Indonesia is made up of thousands of islands , and some of those are hard to reach . Here , you can see a plane dropping aid in one of the areas that was affected . Other groups are using boats , but those deliveries can take hours . Some of the most immediate needs : clean water , food , blankets and medical attention . Cholera Outbreak AZUZ : In Haiti , officials are trying to figure out what started an outbreak of cholera . They 're testing waste and sewage water for the bacteria that causes the disease . The outbreak , meanwhile , is getting worse . Workers are trying to fight it . One of the problems in that fight is that a lot of people in Haiti are living in tents after January 's earthquake . They need medical supplies to survive , but some people ca n't get them . Dr. Sanjay Gupta is in Haiti trying to find out why . BEGIN VIDEO DR. SANJAY GUPTA , CNN SENIOR MEDICAL CORRESPONDENT : How could this have happened ? That 's what Julie Santos wants to know . JULIE SANTOS , MEDICAL RELIEF WORKER : You have someone there , someone here . Let 's connect the dots . GUPTA : She 's talking about trying to contain the outbreak of cholera . Hundreds have died , thousands still in need of treatment . This is where you 're told to come get supplies . You arrive here , and if there 's patients waiting , what happens ? SANTOS : Well , there are patients waiting . GUPTA : There 's patients waiting for these supplies ? SANTOS : Yes , when we were sending them out to the hospitals out in Saint Marc . GUPTA : Where patients are literally begging for hydration , clean water , the cheapest of supplies . And yet medical relief worker Julie Santos still waits for hours for her paperwork to be approved before she can get the supplies . I wanted to try and understand myself . Promise warehouse , a World Health Organization facility , has the largest stockpile of supplies here in Haiti . What people have been waiting for , for hours outside and days in hospitals is this : pallets of I.V. fluids ; literally , life-saving stuff to treat these patients with cholera , thousands of them . But it 's not just that pallet . You take a look at this whole warehouse , full , despite what 's happening here in Haiti . CHRISTIAN MORALES , PAN AM HEALTH ORGANIZATION/WORLD HEALTH ORGANIZATION : If we send everything that we have here today , tomorrow we can not answer for 800,000 cases in Port-au-Prince . GUPTA : Christian Morales has the enormous task of helping figure out who gets the supplies and when . Did it go fast enough ? MORALES : They , they , I think in every operation like this , you can do things better . And there 's a lot of lessons to be taken from this . And the country needs to be prepared for what is coming , because the likelihood of spreading of this epidemic is very high . GUPTA : That 's something we heard over and over . This epidemic is by no means over . END VIDEO Just the Facts TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Just the Facts ! The Great Depression was the longest and worst economic crisis in U.S. history . It started in 1929 and lasted around a decade . During this period , unemployment climbed to more than 25 % , thousands of American banks failed , and U.S. industrial production was cut almost in half . The Depression was felt around the world and led to significant changes in economic theories and policies . This Day in History AZUZ : A major event that helped plunge the U.S. into the Great Depression happened on this very day in history : October 29th , 1929 . Or as a lot of people know it , Black Tuesday . Wall Street , the stock market crashed , and hard . More than 16 million shares of stock were traded . Stock tickers , the machines that people used to read stock prices , could n't keep up with all the trading . They fell hours behind . Billions of dollars were lost on Black Tuesday , and thousands of investors were completely wiped out . Shoutout JOHN LISK , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mr. Gardner 's U.S. studies classes at Indian Valley High School in Gnadenhutten , Ohio ! The word "  tuition " can be traced back to what language ? Is it : A  Greek , B  Roman , C  Latin or D  Aramaic ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Tuition , what you pay for instruction , comes from Latin . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Cost of College AZUZ : The word "  increase " comes from latin , too . And that is what tuition is doing right now ; it 's going up . Probably not a big surprise . The cost of college has been increasing for years . What 's interesting is that tuition at public schools is going up faster than it is at private schools . A lot of that has to do with states struggling financially . The higher tuition costs help make up for money that schools are n't getting from their states . Look at the numbers here . In-state tuition at a four-year public school is around $ 7,600 per year . That 's up nearly 8 percent from last year . At a four-year private school , tuition is a little more than $ 27,000 per year . That 's up 4.5 percent from last year . Facebook Chat Promo AZUZ : You see this guy ? He could be talking to me on Facebook ! So can this young lady right here . You all can ! On Monday , I will be live at Facebook.com / cnnstudentnews in the school year 's very first Facebook conversation we 're having ! You post your questions to our wall , I 'll answer as many as I can as fast as I can ! The date is Monday , November 1st , 6:30 p.m. Eastern . The address : Facebook.com / cnnstudentnews . Before We Go AZUZ : Now , before we go today , you always want to try your best in any race . But you might want to give it a little something extra in this one . You 're gon na need to make sure to stay ahead of the rest of the contestants . Unless you want to be eaten by zombies ! These guys take that "  walking dead " nickname pretty literally . More than 200 ghouls gathered for this zombie walk in Kentucky last week . Goodbye AZUZ : Organizing that many zombies in one place takes a lot of brains . But no matter witch costume you wear or whether you 're just planning on goblin up candy , it ghost without saying that we wish you happy and safe Halloween . I 'm Carl Azuz , for CNN Student News !  laughs	Examine the billions of dollars spent on the U.S. midterm elections Explore the challenges of distributing medical supplies in Haiti Learn about the Great Depression and one event that helped start it Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- The building at Fort Hood , Texas , where Army Maj. Nidal Hasan massacred 13 people and injured 32 four years ago will be demolished , the military post said this week . The deployment processing center where the shootings happened had been fenced off as a crime scene , but now that Hasan has been convicted , it will be torn down , said Brian Dosa , the post 's public works director . The post has not said when the demolition will begin . Hasan shot fellow soldiers at the processing center on November 5 , 2009 . Prosecutors maintained that the American-born Muslim underwent a progressive radicalization that led to the massacre at the sprawling central Texas base . The Army psychiatrist picked that day because it was when the units he was scheduled to deploy with to Afghanistan were scheduled to go through the processing center , prosecutors said . Hasan , who became a paraplegic when he was shot by police officers to end the attack , was convicted in August of premeditated murder , and a military jury recommended that he be put to death . An Army general will review the proceedings and eventually make a binding decision on whether to accept the guilty verdict and capital sentence . Fort Hood shooting jury recommends death penalty for Nidal Hasan CNN 's Marlena Baldacci contributed to this report .	Army Maj. Nidal Hasan killed 13 , injured 32 in 2009 shooting at Fort Hood Hasan was convicted in August The building where massacre happened had been fenced off as crime scene
CNN  -- When art expert Safia Dickersbach cast a dart at a map of Africa , she had no idea it would spark an eight-year love affair with a country she had never seen before . "  It landed in Ghana , " Dickersbach recalled , "  it was just a playful planning method . " After taking aim at the world 's second-largest continent , the dart randomly struck Ghana 's Volta Region , in the east of the country bordering neighboring Togo . The exercise was the beginning of Dickersbach 's extensive research into Ghana 's contemporary art culture and her mission to push Africa onto the global art scene . Read more : Africa 's most exciting new photographers She launched a project called "  The Black Stars of Ghana -- Art District , "  named for the black star in the center of the Ghanaian flag , and the nickname of Ghana 's national football team  in which she interviews some of the country 's eminent visual artists and gauges their views on social issues as well as the inspiration behind their work . "  Between 2005 and 2011 I went to Ghana three times , " she said , "  visiting 45 artists in that period . I went to major cities like Accra , Kumasi and Shama . " Dickersbach -- originally from the Tanzanian city of Dar es Salaam -- is now based in Berlin and works as a public relations director for Artfacts.Net CNN 's African Voices spoke to Dickersbach about her vision of African art and its place on the global stage . CNN : You 've visited 45 artists over the course of your research , what is the objective behind it ? Safia Dickersbach : Contemporary art is dominated by a Eurocentric attitude today and it is that attitude that decides what is relevant and what is n't . This prevents artists from regions of the world that are not located in Europe or North America from getting the attention they deserve . Read more : Hollywood classics get African photo remake It is called the "  international art scene " but where is Africa on this stage ? I hope "  The Black Stars of Ghana -- Art District " gives viewers a taste of the depth , vibrancy , beauty , vision and diversity of contemporary art produced on the African continent . CNN : Who did you interview for the "  The Black Stars of Ghana - Art District " project and why ? SD : The project includes research and film material about many different artists like Professor Ablade Glover , Kwadwo Ani , Kofi Setordji , Wiz Kudowor and Marigold Akufo-Addo , among others . These are prominent artists in Ghana . Hopefully , a resource like this will provide art professionals , scholars and practitioners as well as art lovers from all over the world the chance to get to know the different artists and protagonists of the Ghanaian contemporary art scene through the Internet . CNN : What inspired you to pursue such a project ? SD : This project was inspired by a couple of disappointing events and stories which I observed in my professional career regarding how great and talented artists from outside of Europe were treated by the Western art establishment . It is very important that artists who are based and work in Africa determine and define for themselves the narrative about contemporary African art . Read more : Stunning Congo artwork shows conflict in a different light In my view , even highly educated intellectuals and experts  in the West  let themselves be influenced by prejudices and stereotypes of the continent such as images of hunger and war in Africa .  They  treat African countries with a mixture of patronizing empathy and intellectual loftiness , and definitely not on a par with themselves . CNN : Why do you believe this is so ? SD : Too often artists from the African continent have been confronted with ignorance or condescending attitudes in the West and this is definitely some kind of intellectual conflict caused by a lack of multicultural competence and in some cases just plain arrogance . A simple example is the fact that art from African countries is usually shunted to the anthropological department whereas art from Europe and North America will be dealt with in the "  Arts and Culture Section . " CNN : You 're from Tanzania in East Africa and you live in Germany , why was Ghana the best place for your research ? SD : I have an African heritage and I specifically chose a country that I did n't know because I wanted to look at that country and its art from an objective perspective . I did n't want to be influenced by friends and relatives who are members of the art scene so I wanted to go somewhere where I did n't know anyone . Read this : Artists ' road trip across Africa CNN : What makes your research different from other art research and documentary projects related to Africa ? SD : I think the project explores and reveals the contemporary art scene in Ghana as viewed by local artists and protagonists . This is important because it is independent of what European or American art experts , critics and historians have to say about that scene , while also reiterating the message that Africa is not a country . There are thousands of cultures , sub-cultures and histories in Africa and it is about being sensitive to that . I think the interviews highlight the individual and not the collective . CNN : What is it about Africa that fascinates you ? SD : I think the attitude of the people is more dramatic and expressive than we 're used to in the developed world . For instance , the market stalls in Lagos , when they barter it looks like they 're fighting but that 's just how they communicate passionately . There 's a fear of Africa , a fascination fear . When western photographers and artists go to Africa , they are mesmerized by the amount of light and shadows in the sky and the atmosphere is very different . But at the same time , I think a colonial attitude exists still , that need to control a fear of the unknowing in Africa . It 's very much a love-fear relationship and that 's what fascinates us .	` The Black Stars of Ghana - Art District ' interviews some of Ghana 's biggest artists The series is the work of art expert Safia Dickersbach She says contemporary art is dominated by a Eurocentric attitude Project includes interviews with artists Wiz Kudowor and Marigold Akufo-Addo
CNN  -- An April Fool 's Day computer worm was launched on Wednesday but so far has not caused problems for the millions of computers that are believed to be infected . This piece of computer code tells the worm to activate on April 1 , researchers found . "  I think joke 's on us a little bit , which you would have expected with having an April 1 date , " said Holly Stewart , threat response manager for IBM 's X-Force , a computer security service . However , that does n't mean the much-talked-about worm , called Conficker.c , is a joke , computer security experts told CNN on Wednesday . "  By no means do I think we 're in the clear , " said Paul Henry , a forensics and security analyst for Lumension Security , based in Phoenix , Arizona . On Wednesday , a master computer gained control of an estimated 5 million "  zombie " PCs infected with the worm , experts said . Security experts fear the author of the malicious computer program essentially could do anything with those Windows-based machines . No attempts by the author to upload anything had been noted as of 8 p.m. ET Wednesday , according to Phil Porras , program director at nonprofit research institute SRI International . Conficker 's motive is probably financial , security experts said . The worm 's author could steal financial information , shut down Web pages , track keystrokes or send spam from infected computers . "  They have full administrative-level rights to run anything they want on all of the infected machines , " said Mikko Hypponen , chief research officer for F-Secure , an Internet security company . Experts who spoke to CNN on Wednesday said it 's unlikely the program 's author will launch any sort of attack Wednesday or Thursday . But they said some sort of issue is likely to arise in coming weeks or months . iReport.com : What do you think of the April Fools ' Day worm ? Experts urged computer users not to panic . The easiest way for computer users to see if they 're infected is to try to access Windows updates from microsoft.com . If you can reach the site and if your system updates are working , it is unlikely your computer is infected , experts said . Further computer patches and information can be found at the Conficker Working Group 's Web site . The worm does not affect Mac computers . A core group of about 40 computer analysts , researchers and policy experts is working to dismantle the worm , said Jose Nazario , manager of security research at Arbor Networks , and a member of the group , which some call the Conficker Cabal . Nazario said the group 's unprecedented efforts may be one reason an attack has n't happened . He said the April 1 launch date for the virus may have been a ploy by the program 's author to get attention from the news media . Or it could be a twisted joke . "  Either way , it suggests an interesting sense of humor , I guess , " he said . The worm allows a master computer to communicate with the infected machines through Web sites the worm generates . That function became active April 1 , experts said , and allows Conficker 's author or authors to seize control of millions of computers around the world . Infected machines are generating 50,000 URLs per day , which allows the master to talk with them . A previous version of Conficker created only 250 domain names per day . "  What happened now , today , is that the machines started pulling 50,000 domain names in 116 countries around the world -- so that 's the change , " said Hypponen , another member of the Conficker Cabal . "  The Conficker gang realized we could shut down 250 domain names a day , so they upped the ante , " he said . Computer experts will continue to try to shut down the Web addresses that let Conficker 's author communicate with infected machines , he said . Members of the Conficker Working Group have contacted security officials in all 116 affected countries and have shut down many active domain names , Hypponen said . Stewart , of IBM , said the sophistication of the worm is unprecedented . The situation has played out in the news media as an April Fools ' Day joke . On a technology blog , The Washington Post mocked the hype about Conficker . "  Londoners woke up to find the iconic clock tower Big Ben stopped at precisely one minute till midnight , " Brian Krebs wrote . "  The British tabloids blared that the giant timepiece had been felled by the Conficker worm . " The post ends with this statement : "  In case you have n't guessed it yet , APRIL FOOLS !!! " Some have compared the situation to New Year 's Day in 2000 , when many feared the world 's computers would crash but few problems were seen . Henry said that comparison does n't fit . "  Y2K was a one-time event , " he said . "  The update for Conficker has basically prepped it for its future . It now has the ability to gather marching orders in a way that , to date , we have n't found a way to block . " Little is know about Conficker 's author . A piece of code in a version of the computer worm prevents the program from harming machines in Ukraine , leading some to believe that 's where the program 's author lives . Others say that could be a ploy . Many authors of previous computer viruses have come from Eastern Europe outside the jurisdiction of the European Union , experts said . Matt Watchinski , senior director of a research team at Sourcefire , a computer security company , said the author may try to split up pieces of the infected computer network -- called a botnet -- and sell them to bidders . The many unknowns about Conficker are what make it particularly concerning , said Patrick Morganelli , senior vice president of technology for Enigma Software . " -LSB- An attack -RSB- could happen today , it could happen April 15 , it could happen two months from now , " he said . Henry says an attack will happen sooner or later . "  They 'll wait for the hype to subside , " he said . "  They 'll wait for everyone to stop watching , and they 'll take it for a test run . They 've put together one hell of a botnet here , and they 're going to want to exercise it . "	Conficker.c worm active in computers , but so far causes no harm Experts are working with 116 countries to combat the worm Washington Post blog mocks Conficker situation in April Fool 's Day blog Conficker.c is thought to have infected up to 10 million computers
Washington  CNN  -- The word compromise is never music to the ears of passionate advocates for a cause . This is especially true for advocates of overturning the military 's "  do n't ask , do n't tell " law , a law that was supposed to be a suitable compromise itself in 1993 . But when idealism collides with political reality , risk avoidance and workable solutions become the goal . The deal that was reached on DADT this week between the White House , the Pentagon , gay rights groups  including my own  , and pro-repeal champions on Capitol Hill is that workable solution and will get us where we need to go . More than 14,000 proudly serving men and women have been abruptly fired from the military pursuant to the DADT law , and many more have voluntarily left the military because of the burden of serving under this unnecessary restriction . The DADT law prevents our armed forces from being able to recruit and retain troops from the largest possible pool of talent , and it is a stain on the integrity of our nation . We can not afford to wait until next year to lock in full legislative repeal . Our country needs this now . The risks of waiting until after the midterm elections to address DADT legislatively were simply too great . It is possible that the pro-repeal majority could lose seats in November , and could even lose control of one chamber of Congress . If it passes , this deal will get the looming legislative battle over with . It will also free up the Pentagon to implement the recommendations of its Comprehensive Review Working Group on DADT when it finally releases its road map for a smooth transition in December . The Pentagon and the president will not have to return to Congress for permission on implementing repeal -- the legislation hammered out in this week 's agreement will already have authorized the change . This deal is not perfect , but unlike the 1993 DADT law , which codified a de facto gay ban in the military , this new legislation would firmly establish the mechanisms for ending the gay ban once and for all . More importantly , it would do so in a way that has achieved coveted Pentagon support -- a critical requirement for any DADT repeal legislation . But there were three concessions that repeal supporters reluctantly agreed to in order to pick up White House and Pentagon support . These concessions , however , do not compromise the goal of full legislative repeal of DADT . The first is an option that the progressive community had already resigned itself to : delayed implementation . While my organization has long argued that including a delay provision would be the only politically viable way to secure legislative repeal soon , this model for language only recently caught on in the rest of the pro-repeal community . This part of the deal was a given . The second concession was allowing the president , the Secretary of Defense , and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to decide together the date on which the new law , once passed , would actually take effect . The three are already public supporters of repeal and can be trusted to act in good faith . They may not certify the implementation plan as quickly as some repeal advocates would like  some have unrealistically suggested a matter of days or weeks after the working group issues its report  , but I believe that they will within a reasonable amount of time . After all , even the commandant of the Marine Corps , Gen. James Conway -- the staunchest opponent of this policy change -- testified before the House Armed Services Committee earlier this year that if this change became inevitable , even he would recommend making the change as swiftly as possible just to get it over with . The third and final concession -- and the most controversial -- was the removal of the affirmative non-discrimination provision from the legislative language . This provision would have legally prevented the Department of Defense from ever engaging in discriminatory practices towards gay and lesbian troops again . Although I am not convinced this was necessary to pick up any additional support for repeal , in light of concessions that were already in the works , it is important to keep in mind that statutory non-discrimination language would have been above and beyond what other minority groups have been given through military personnel policy legislation . An administrative or regulatory non-discrimination policy , such as that accorded women and African-Americans , will be more than sufficient to ensure that lesbian , gay and bisexual service members are protected from discriminatory practices or policies . Even if this deal makes it over its biggest hurdles this week -- a Senate Armed Services Committee vote and a vote on the floor of the House of Representatives -- there will still be much work ahead . The president and Secretary of Defense Robert Gates must be pressed to ensure that the Pentagon 's working group does not get off track , as shamefully did happen with the Military Working Group on DADT in 1993 . And the president should strongly consider creating a civilian oversight and advisory group to help make a smooth transition to a post-DADT military , as was done for ensuring smooth policy changes on women through the creation of the Defense Advisory Commission on Women in the Services . President Obama recently revived this commission for women , and it would behoove the administration to create a similar commission for this policy change . If this legislation clears these two major hurdles this week , it will undoubtedly be the final nail in the coffin of the outdated and onerous DADT law . This policy change is the best thing for our country and for our military , and it should be supported . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alex Nicholson .	More than 14,000 troops fired because of "  do n't ask , do n't tell , " says Alexander Nicholson Deal on DADT between White House , Pentagon , gay rights groups , is good , says Nicholson New legislation would firmly establish the mechanisms for ending gay ban , he says Nicholson : Most importantly , it would do so with coveted Pentagon support
CNN  -- When the stirring speeches , heavyweight debates and fevered campaigning of the U.S. elections are long forgotten , a handful of far less noble incidents are likely to be our enduring memories of the 2008 White House race . "  Hey America , I 'm Paris Hilton and I 'm a celebrity too . " While the candidates would like us to view their bids for the top job as an honorable battle of wits , policies , values and big issues , the sad truth is that it 's more likely to boil down to a list of gaffes , embarrassments and sideshows . Both Democratic and Republican PR machines have been working hard to keep their campaigns on-script , but with a cast list of John McCain , Barack Obama , Joe Biden , Sarah Palin and the Clintons , they had their work cut out . Alaskan "  hockey mom " Palin 's late arrival undoubtedly stirred things up , adding a dash of vigor as the race lumbered into its final straight , but even before she began stealing the show , there was no shortage of scrapbook moments . Sound off : Which do you think are the most memorable moments from the 2008 election ? In no particular order , here is a selection of some of the best : 1 . Crying game : Back in January 's New Hampshire primaries , Hillary Clinton welled up with emotion , almost crying into her coffee cup during a chat with voters . This unexpected exposure of her human side was credited with winning back some women supporters . Read more 2 . McCain bombs : John McCain displayed rather off-key singing and diplomacy skills when asked if there was a plan to attack Iran back in April 2007 . Changing the words to the classic Beach Boys ' song "  Barbara Ann , " the Arizona senator responded : "  Bomb bomb bomb , bomb bomb Iran . " Read more 3 . Pastor disaster : Proving once again that religion and politics do n't mix , Barack Obama was forced to distance himself from his former pastor and mentor Jeremiah Wright , after a series of pulpit fulminations in which he made racially-charged criticisms of Hillary Clinton and said of the 9/11 terror attacks : "  American 's chickens are coming home to roost . " Read more 4 . Ramblin ' man : Garrulous "  gaffe machine " Joe Biden got the last word in a primary debate about his tendency to speak his mind and not shut up . Asked if he could hold his tongue enough to "  reassure your voters in this country that you have the discipline you would need on the world stage , " Biden replied succinctly : "  Yes . " Read more 5 . The pig issue : Obama may have been hoping to generate oinks of outrage when he commented in September that McCain 's policies were like "  lipstick on a pig , " after the Arizona senator named Sarah Palin as running mate . The Democratic candidate refused to apologize for what Republicans said was a misogynistic response to Palin 's own claim to be a pitbull in lipstick . You could n't make it up . Read more 6 . Miss-firing : Hillary Clinton had her campaign guns blazing in March when she described the drama of a visit to Bosnia 12 years earlier . "  I remember landing under sniper fire , " she said . Clinton was later forced to admit "  misspeaking " after video footage of the event showed her strolling leisurely from the aircraft . Read more 7 . Ordinary Joe : First there was Joe Biden , then there was Palin 's mythical beer swiller Joe Sixpack and finally there was Joe the Plumber -- just a regular guy worried about his business going down the drain . Despite not actually being a licensed plumber , and not even being called Joe , he has been seized on by McCain as an everyman hero . This endorsement sprung more leaks when Joe failed to appear on cue to a recent McCain event . Read more 8 . Bad business : Neither presidential candidate makes claim to being psychic , but McCain might have done better consulting his tea leaves rather than the advisors who led him to say "  the fundamentals of our economy are strong " on the eve of America 's worst financial crisis since the Great Depression . Read more 9 . Palintology : Her political skills aside , moose-shooting Sarah Palin has been an unfortunately prolific headline generator for the Republican campaign , whether eyeing Russia from her Alaskan home , shopping for suits , stumbling over questions from Katie Couric or introducing her pregnant teenage daughter . Read more 10 . Barack = Britney : Celebrity endorsements are one thing , but McCain 's campaign ad comparing his rival to pop star Britney Spears and heiress Paris Hilton was seen by at least one person as taking things a little too far . A swimsuit-clad Hilton responded by launching her own campaign for the presidency : "  Hey America , I 'm Paris Hilton and I 'm a celebrity too . Only I 'm not from the olden days and I 'm not promising change like that other guy . I 'm just hot ! " Read more	Most memorable election moments likely to include gaffes and embarrassments Biden , Obama , McCain and Clinton all hit headlines for wrong reasons Palin generated many headlines for wrong reasons in last weeks of campaign
CNN  -- Roger Federer came from behind to beat Tomas Berdych to win his third Madrid title and equal Rafael Nadal 's record of 20 Masters titles . Federer won 3-6 7-5 7-5 to continue a rich vein of form that has seen him lose just three times in 48 matches over the last eight months and ensure the Swiss will take Nadal 's No. 2 ranking on Monday . The 16-time grand slam champion 's ranking rise is significant because Federer could avoid playing No. 1 Novak Djokovic and Nadal until the final of the French Open -- the second major tournament of the tennis season , which starts on May 28 . "  It 's been a great spell and I could n't be more happy right now coming off a break winning right away , " Federer following his first ATP Tour tournament after a third-round exit in Miami in March . The Swiss star struggled in his opening match before beating big-serving Milos Raonic in three sets , and grew in confidence on the controversial blue clay while Nadal and Djokovic fell by the wayside . Serena thrashes No. 1 Azarenka in Madrid final "  I was worried about getting through the first round and was not even thinking about who was going to be my second round opponent , " Federer said after claiming his fourth title this year and 74th overall . "  I was very realistic coming into this event . Confidence is coming back . I was away and it did n't take much for me to get my confidence back , especially now that I 've been playing so well for the past nine months . " Berdych got off to the best possible start in Sunday 's final , breaking Federer straight away for a 2-0 lead . The Czech had a chance to secure the first set when Federer was serving , before Berdych closed it out on his own serve in the ninth game . However Berdych 's service let him down at a key point in the second set 's 12th game when he double-faulted , allowing Federer to pull level . Berdych squandered two break points at the start of the third set , and Federer sealed victory on his fourth match point after two hours and 38 minutes . Federer has now lost just four times to Berdych in 15 meetings , though the Czech player had won three of their past five matches , including a win in the 2010 Wimbledon quarterfinals . The tennis circuit shifts to Rome next week and a return to the reddish clay for the rest of the clay court season . That is likely to be a welcome relief for Nadal and Djokovic , who had been vocal in their criticism of Madrid 's blue clay surface , particularly after their shock exits at the hands of Fernando Verdasco and Janko Tipsarevic respectively .	Roger Federer beats Tomas Berdych 3-6 7-5 7-5 in Madrid final on Sunday Federer equals Rafael Nadal 's record of 20 Masters titles The 16-time grand slam champion will take Nadal 's No. 2 ranking on Monday Clay court season shifts to Rome ahead of the French Open
CNN  -- On North Halsted Street , between Buckingham and Roscoe in Chicago , a monument stands with a plaque in honor of a brilliant thinker who is as responsible for the way we live our lives today as any person who has ever lived . His name is Alan Turing , a Brit , and among his many credits and accolades , many historians refer to him as "  the father of computer science . " When Time magazine listed him among its 100 most influential people of the 20th century , it said "  that everyone who taps at a keyboard , opening a spreadsheet or a word-processing program , is working on an incarnation of a Turing machine . " A pretty high honor to say the least . And yet in 1952 , while filing a robbery report with the police , Turing -- the man whose algorithms cracked the Enigma code used by the Nazis in World War II -- found himself arrested at his home in England . His crime ? Being gay . Turing was convicted of "  gross indecency , " a felony in Britain at that time . He was forced to choose between prison and being injected with female hormones , a form of chemical castration . He reluctantly chose the latter . Despite his accomplishments , he lost his job . And in June 1954 , he lost his will to live . He was 41 . If the Western world is somewhat haunted by what Steve Jobs might have accomplished had cancer not taken him from us , we should be downright tormented by what we lost from the senseless excommunication of his predecessor . Turing 's plaque is one of 18 that make up the city 's Legacy Walk , which honors LGBT people who have made a contribution to history . It 's a reminder of where we were and how far we 've come . But as much as it seems the nation is talking about this topic , the fact remains that in much of the United States , it is still legal to fire someone for the same reason that Turing was fired 60 years ago in Britain . Perhaps the prejudices in our rear view mirror may appear farther away than they actually are . June is Gay Pride month . So if you find yourself exhausted from all of this gay rights talk and want to leave a not-so-kind comment on a story , remember it 's because of an openly gay man that you even have the technology to do so . If you 're a black person who gets offended whenever the Civil Rights Movement is mentioned in the same sentence as the fight for gay rights , remember the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. 's close confidant and most influential mentor was an openly gay black man by the name of Bayard Rustin . And if you ever find yourself wondering "  How come there 's no Straight Pride month ? " I say the day being straight becomes a crime -- as being gay still is in many parts of the world -- start one . Gay Pride was not born out of a need to celebrate not being straight but our right to exist without prosecution . Just as Stokely Carmichael 's "  Black is Beautiful " became the rallying cry against racism in the 1960s ; just as "  I am woman , hear me roar " was the anthem against sexism in the 1970s ; "  gay pride " is the banner that flies over a people whose dignity continues to be put to a vote in 2013 . News coverage in June may focus on the celebratory nature of Gay Pride parades , but it can not rewrite the history that made these parades an integral part of our survival . Why is n't there Straight Pride ? Because Congress has yet to pass a law requiring people to hide the fact they are straight . Because the streets are not filled with children who have been kicked out of their homes for being straight . Because there seems to be a lack of stories in which someone has been beaten , tied to a fence and left to die or shot in the face at point blank range because they were straight . For this Gay Pride month , Sen. Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , said he expects to take up legislation to address workplace discrimination "  soon . " This month , the Supreme Court may make a ruling on whether or not same-sex couples can marry . This month , 11-year-old Marcel Neergaard wrote in a Huffington Post op-ed that "  during my first year in middle school , I experienced severe bullying . I was called terrible names that were quite hurtful . At that time , I had just realized that I 'm gay , and the bullies used the word ` gay ' as an insult . "  This made me feel like being gay was horrible , but my parents told me otherwise . Their support was tremendous . But as powerful as their love was , it could n't fight off all the bullying . I do n't want anyone else to feel the way I did . No one deserves that much pain , no matter who they are . " Yeah . So maybe instead of wondering why there is n't a straight pride month or movement , straight people should be thankful they do n't need one . I 'm sure Turing would have rather filed the police report and stayed home . I 'm sure Marcel would prefer going to school in peace . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	Alan Turing , "  father of computer science , " killed himself , "  convicted " of being gay LZ Granderson : 60 years later , it 's legal in parts of U.S. to fire someone for being gay LZ : Gay Pride month is a time to celebrate the right to live without persecution The day being straight becomes a crime , LZ says , Straight Pride will be born
CNN  -- Pull over for a second , America . We know it 's hot out there . But Congress is about to decide whether your life on the road will get easier or be more difficult . In just over two weeks , the multibillion-dollar Federal Highway Trust Fund will hit a financial wall . Yes , another fiscal crisis . This time with the account that funds road and bridge projects . But unless Congress extends more funding by August 1 , the Department of Transportation says the account balance will dip too low and the agency will start pulling back on money paid to states for transportation infrastructure . The House on Tuesday approved a nearly $ 11 billion proposal to keep the money flowing for about a year , and the Senate appears ready to follow up . Take in five ways this highway crisis could affect you : 1 . Your car repair bill : Seriously . According to AAA , the average American spends $ 324 a year on additional repairs and maintenance caused by poor road conditions . And that 's just average . People in Los Angeles pay an estimated $ 832 a year because of bad roads , according to the nonpartisan TRIP organization which is funded by a variety of transit industry groups . It 's $ 673 in New York City , $ 784 in Tulsa . It 's a lot of money . And now , because of the uncertainty with the Highway Trust Fund , many states have delayed repair projects slated for coming months . Take New Hampshire , unhappy owner of massive cracks and potholes from the overly long winter . Thanks to congressional indecision , the state put off seven major paving projects and 11 other projects  including bridge repairs  . That bump you feel from the road could be a crack in the Highway Trust Fund . 2 . Prices at the pump : Brace yourself . The price of gasoline could go up . Not because of the federal gas tax , which is the main source of money for the highway trust fund . Congress has n't raised the 18.4-cent fee in 20 years .  That 's one reason the account itself is continually running out of fuel  . But while "  tax " has become a four-letter word for some in Washington , states are starting to see it as a solution . Eight states raised their gas taxes last July . Just last month , tax-averse New Hampshire enacted its first gas tax increase in 23 years . Even conservative Texas lawmakers are seriously considering it . 3 . Traffic problems : Here 's where things get really interesting . For some , the highway funding tangle could briefly improve their traffic situation . For others , it means a longer wait for help . Where will traffic improve ? In a few places where road construction crews have derailed the usual traffic patterns . In those places , in the very short term , a freeze in funding could also freeze the hassle and bottlenecks caused by construction . Where will traffic take a hit ? Places that need road or bridge expansions . Like southeast Iowa . A new $ 1 billion fertilizer plant is under construction near Ft. Madison and the state was planning to expand the nearby highway -- US 61 - from two-lanes to four . Instead , Iowa DOT spokesman Stuart Anderson said the start of that work is delayed at least until October . So , the heavy trucks going back and forth to the fertilizer work site share the road , a smaller road , with everyone else . Or Oklahoma , which is holding its breath , waiting as long as it can before delaying any work . Spokesman Terri Angier of the Oklahoma Department of Transportation said the state is planning to take bids for new road projects next week , but wo n't act on the bids until Congress agrees to a trust fund deal . Furthermore , if there 's no deal by August , Angier said the Sooner State may suspend some major traffic projects already underway , including the widening of a major interstate , I-40 , to a rapidly growing Oklahoma City suburb . And in Massachusetts , a state whose roads are known for their heavy traffic , "  the vast majority of MassDOT 's road and bridge projects " could grind to a halt , according to spokesman Michael Verseckes . He sent an e-mail , saying "  virtually everything would be forced to stop " if the Highway Trust Fund started to run dry . 4 . You 've heard about the economy , right ? : You may not be a construction worker . Or maybe you are . But you probably are someone who realizes the U.S. economy is still fragile . How much could a highway trust fund freeze hurt the economy ? You may see some figures on the Web , but the truth is there is no reliable estimate for how many jobs could be affected , in part because not every state has decided exactly which projects to suspend . The White House Monday said it would mean "  many thousands " of jobs . We do know this . The American Road & Transportation Builders Association estimates 1.7 million Americans are directly employed in road , bridge and transit construction . And another 1.7 million have jobs that supported by the road construction business or infrastructure they put in place . Just the loss of thousands of construction jobs alone -- at the height of construction season -- is something that could ripple out to everyone else in the economy . 5 . Congress keeps acting badly , operating in crisis mode : Perhaps worst of all , lawmakers could walk away from this crisis , like they have from others , without any significant change in the impending fiscal problem . That 's true whether they meet the August 1 deadline or not . But there appears to be movement toward a rare bipartisan solution . Senate Democratic leaders have agreed to pass a nearly $ 11 billion House measure that would extend the life of the Highway Trust Fund through next spring , CNN has learned . Two top Senate Democratic leadership sources said the plan is for the Senate to vote on the issue early next week . Multiple Democratic and Republican sources also said the House bill is expected to get strong bipartisan support in the Senate . Regardless of what happens with this deadline , the next Congress is likely to face another Highway Trust Fund crisis next May . Just in time for your Memorial Day . With deadline looming , Obama to push infrastructure	Federal trust fund that pays for road repairs is running out of money - fast Congress facing August 1 deadline to act to avoid spending reductions No action could worsen road conditions , traffic congestion Construction jobs and other economic benefits could be casualties of inaction
Men with prostate cancer who were previously infected with the sexually transmitted germ Trichomonas vaginalis are more likely to have an aggressive form of the cancer , compared with men who never had the STD , a new study says . Researchers say trichomonas , an STD , is most common in men ages 25 to 39 . The germ , a type of parasite , can infect the prostate and may cause inflammation that spurs the growth of prostate cancer later in life , says senior author Lorelei Mucci , Ph.D. , an assistant professor of epidemiology at the Harvard School of Public Health . "  Our underlying hypothesis is around inflammation and , in particular , we believe that inflammation from a variety of sources is leading to prostate cancer progression , " she says . In the study , Mucci and colleagues compared 673 prostate cancer patients to 673 men without prostate cancer , and tested their blood for signs of a past infection with trichomonas . All the men were enrolled in the Physician 's Health Study , according to the report published this week in the Journal of the National Cancer Institute . They found that roughly one in five men had been infected with trichomonas at some point in his life . Men infected with trichomonas were no more likely to develop prostate cancer in general . But those with a past trichomonas infection were two to three times more likely to develop an aggressive and potentially life-threatening form of prostate cancer . Trichomonas affects 174 million people around the world each year , and , at any given time , about 3 percent of younger men are infected with trichomonas ; it is most common in men ages 25 to 39 . However , trichomonas is an STD that 's probably on more women 's radars than men 's because women are more likely to get symptoms such as discharge and itching . Health.com : How to protect yourself from HPV Only one out of four men with trichomonas develops symptoms , and , with time , the infection often goes away on its own .  The STD can be cured quickly with antibiotics . "  I think the only time men really seek any medical intervention is if their partner has been diagnosed and then they may go and get treated as well , " says Mucci . "  I think the general feeling has been that this is an acute infection , it will eventually clear itself , and it does n't seem to be doing any real harm ; but in this case it may actually be doing harm -- you 're just not seeing the harm until 20 years in the future . " Infections are just one factor that researchers are examining as potential players in the growth of prostate cancer , and others -- such as dietary choices -- are thought to influence prostate cancer risk as well . Health.com : 10 questions to ask a new partner "  We are pretty confident that diet has an impact , " says Dr. Peter C. Albertsen , of the University of Connecticut Health Center , in Farmington . Prostate cancer is rare in Asian countries but relatively common in Western nations , and researchers feel it 's probably due to some component of the Western diet , says Albertsen , who wrote an editorial accompanying the study . "  What this study explores and similar studies are exploring is whether there are potentially infectious causes that result in prostate cancer going from a relatively dormant disease to one that 's clinically significant , " says Albertsen . "  This study raises the issue that a common bug , Trichomonas vaginalis , could be such an agent . " While the link to prostate cancer may sound surprising , there are other cancers caused by STDs . For example , cervical cancer in women is caused by the sexually transmitted human papillomavirus  HPV  .  However , HPV is a common infection and many women who are infected with the virus never develop cancer , which is relatively rare .  Health.com : How HPV causes cervical cancer and abnormal pap smears " -LSB- Although -RSB- there is some evidence that suggests that the number of partners that a man has had over his lifetime is associated with increased risk of developing prostate cancer , " says Mucci , the relationship is not as clear-cut for prostate cancer as it is for cervical cancer . There is no strong indicator that an STD causes prostate cancer , and researchers suspect that trichomonas is just one inflammation-causing factor that may contribute to the cancer or make it grow faster . "  We think that inflammation is what 's important , " she says . "  This inflammation may result from trichomonas , a dietary factor , or it could result from oxidative stress from something like smoking or other factors . " Health.com : Dating dilemmas -- 8 tips for telling your partner a health secret Either way , it 's too soon to make any changes in the testing or treatment of either prostate cancer or trichomonas , both experts say . "  What needs to happen is a few more researchers need to tackle this issue to either nail this down as a true relationship or dispense with it , " says Albertsen . Health.com : Who 's most at risk for STDs ? However , it 's an important issue to consider , he says . "  Right now if you asked if the average urologist or internist , ` Does Trichomonas vaginalis lead to prostate cancer ? ' , the answer would be no , and in fact this study does n't prove a cause-and-effect relationship , " he says . "  But if we begin to see that infections in general can be associated with prostate cancer , we might begin to take a new view on this disease and the appropriate treatment leading up to it . " Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Study : Men with trichomonas vaginalis more likely to have aggressive prostate cancer The germ is a type of parasite that can infect the prostate Trichomonas affects 174 million people around the world each year
CNN  -- South African Dr. Sonnet Ehlers was on call one night four decades ago when a devastated rape victim walked in . Her eyes were lifeless ; she was like a breathing corpse . "  She looked at me and said , ` If only I had teeth down there , ' " recalled Ehlers , who was a 20-year-old medical researcher at the time . "  I promised her I 'd do something to help people like her one day . " Forty years later , Rape-aXe was born . Ehlers is distributing the female condoms in the various South African cities where the World Cup soccer games are taking place . The woman inserts the latex condom like a tampon . Jagged rows of teeth-like hooks line its inside and attach on a man 's penis during penetration , Ehlers said . Once it lodges , only a doctor can remove it -- a procedure Ehlers hopes will be done with authorities on standby to make an arrest . "  It hurts , he can not pee and walk when it 's on , " she said . "  If he tries to remove it , it will clasp even tighter ... however , it does n't break the skin , and there 's no danger of fluid exposure . " Ehlers said she sold her house and car to launch the project , and she planned to distribute 30,000 free devices under supervision during the World Cup period . "  I consulted engineers , gynecologists and psychologists to help in the design and make sure it was safe , " she said . After the trial period , they 'll be available for about $ 2 a piece . She hopes the women will report back to her . "  The ideal situation would be for a woman to wear this when she 's going out on some kind of blind date ... or to an area she 's not comfortable with , " she said . The mother of two daughters said she visited prisons and talked to convicted rapists to find out whether such a device would have made them rethink their actions . Some said it would have , Ehlers said . Critics say the female condom is not a long-term solution and makes women vulnerable to more violence from men trapped by the device . It 's also a form of "  enslavement , " said Victoria Kajja , a fellow for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in the east African country of Uganda . "  The fears surrounding the victim , the act of wearing the condom in anticipation of being assaulted all represent enslavement that no woman should be subjected to . " Kajja said the device constantly reminds women of their vulnerability . "  It not only presents the victim with a false sense of security , but psychological trauma , " she added . "  It also does not help with the psychological problems that manifest after assaults . " However , its one advantage is it allows justice to be served , she said . Various rights organizations that work in South Africa declined to comment , including Human Rights Watch and Care International . South Africa has one of the highest rape rates in the world , Human Rights Watch says on its website . A 2009 report by the nation 's Medical Research Council found that 28 percent of men surveyed had raped a woman or girl , with one in 20 saying they had raped in the past year , according to Human Rights Watch . In most African countries , rape convictions are not common . Affected women do n't get immediate access to medical care , and DNA tests to provide evidence are unaffordable . "  Women and girls who experience these violations are denied justice , factors that contribute to the normalization of rape and violence in South African society , " Human Rights Watch says . Women take drastic measures to prevent rape in South Africa , Ehlers said , with some wearing extra tight biker shorts and others inserting razor blades wrapped in sponges in their private parts . Critics have accused her of developing a medieval device to fight rape . "  Yes , my device may be a medieval , but it 's for a medieval deed that has been around for decades , " she said . "  I believe something 's got to be done ... and this will make some men rethink before they assault a woman . "	Doctor distributes anti-rape female condom during World Cup Jagged rows of teeth-like hooks attach on man 's penis Device can only be removed by a doctor "  It hurts , he can not pee and walk when it 's on , " doctor says
Editor 's note : Rudy Ruiz founded RedBrownandBlue.com , a site featuring multicultural political commentary , hosts a nationally syndicated Spanish-language radio show ; and wrote a guide to success for immigrants  "  Adelante ! " published by Random House  . He is co-founder and president of Interlex , an advocacy marketing agency based in San Antonio , Texas . Rudy Ruiz says people hold on to their views despite the evidence for fear of being labeled a flip-flopper . SAN ANTONIO , Texas  CNN  -- As people shout over each other and tune out diverging views in town hall meetings , the health care debate is proving to be symptomatic of a major ailment threatening our nation : A contagious culture of closed-mindedness threatens to suffocate our progress as a society . Why has it become so difficult to even consider changing our minds about important issues ? Here 's my diagnosis . Increasingly , the willingness to change one 's position on political issues has been misread as a mark of weakness rather than a product of attentive listening and careful deliberation . During the 2004 Presidential campaign , the successful branding of John Kerry as a flip-flopper doomed his bid . Fear of "  flip-flopper syndrome " is apparently catching like the flu , because today politicians are not alone in their determination to adhere to partisan positions despite the changing needs of our nation . Nearly everyone 's so reluctant to appear wishy-washy that they stand firm even when the evidence is against their views . Three factors exacerbate this paralysis by lack of analysis : labels , lifestyles and listening . First , the labels ascribed to many potential policy tools render sensible options taboo , loading what could be rational , economic or social measures with moral baggage . This narrows our choices , hemming in policy makers . Any proposal including the words "  government-run " elicits cries of "  socialism " and "  communism . " Any argument invoking the words "  God " or "  moral " sparks accusations of "  right-wing extremism , " "  fascism , " or "  Bible-thumping . " Instead of listening to each other 's ideas , we spot the warning label and run the other way . Second , our lifestyles favor knee-jerk reactions . The way we think , work and live in the Digital Age demands we quickly categorize information without investing time into rich interaction , research and understanding . We 're hesitant to ask questions because we do n't have time to listen to the long , complicated answers that might follow . And we lack the time to fact-check competing claims . In our haste , it 's easier to echo our party 's position than drill down , questioning whether party leaders are motivated by our best interests or the best interests of their biggest contributors . Third , we tend to listen only to like-minded opinions as media fragmentation encourages us to filter out varying perspectives . If you 're a liberal , you avoid FOX News . If you 're a conservative you revile MSNBC . The dynamic is even more pronounced online , where a niche media source can be found for any outlook . This silences the opportunity for meaningful dialogue and deliberation that might lead to reformulating positions , forging sustainable compromises , and developing consensus crucial to moving our nation forward on complex issues . So how can we overcome this challenge , starting with the health care debate ? How do we open our minds to the possibility that we could actually learn from somebody else ? Here 's my prescription . For starters , we should eschew the notion that changing our minds is a character flaw . To the contrary , experts believe it 's a manifestation of higher intelligence . Renowned psychologist Stuart Sutherland wrote in "  Irrationality , " his seminal 1992 book : "  The willingness to change one 's mind in the light of new evidence is a sign of rationality not weakness . " To further free our minds , we should aggressively treat the three Ls : Let 's lose the labels : from "  flip-flopper " to "  commie , " from "  fear-monger " to "  right-wing nut job . " Trash the diatribe ; mull the ideas . Let 's engage in some constructive lifestyle management , slowing down to ponder -- and make independent decisions -- as enlightened people . We can not allow the technological evolution to rob us of the intellectual strides of the American Revolution . We must value the art of listening , reflection , comparative analysis , and civil discourse if we 're to make the most of our democracy . In the process , we should signal to leaders that we 're willing to expand our horizons beyond party lines . Maybe they 'll get in front of our parade , collaborating for a change . Let 's request a second opinion and listen to each other . Switch channels . Visit different Web sites . Read a newspaper , while we can still find one . How about stepping into a town hall with an open mind , prepared to converse with people hailing from diverse circumstances ? A range of perspectives enriches our viewpoint , empowering us to craft nuanced responses to complex situations . Ultimately , we must stop thinking that the only thing to think is what we 've thought all along . As we learn more about multifaceted matters , our positions should evolve accordingly . Let 's accept that it 's OK to change your minds . In the end , opening our minds can only enhance the prognosis for our most cherished patient : America . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rudy Ruiz .	Rudy Ruiz : It 's become unfashionable to have an open mind about issues He says labels like "  socialism " and "  fascism " obscure the real choices He says it 's a sign of rationality to be open to the evidence Ruiz : Let 's listen to each other and take into consideration wider range of viewpoints
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg plans to undergo a "  precautionary " course of chemotherapy following her surgery last month for pancreatic cancer , the Supreme Court announced Tuesday . President Obama greets Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg on her arrival for his February 24 address to Congress . The treatments will begin later this month at the National Institutes of Health outside Washington , the court said . In a statement , the justice said the treatment is "  not expected to affect my schedule at the court . Thereafter , it is anticipated that I will require only routine examinations to assure my continuing health . " Ginsburg , who turned 76 on Sunday , has consistently signaled her health outlook is positive . She termed the February 5 removal of her cancer "  successful , " and was back on the bench 18 days later when the high court resumed oral arguments . Ginsburg 's post-op recovery has gone well , and doctors and the family are cautiously optimistic , court sources said . The disease was caught early and had not spread beyond her pancreas , doctors have said . "  Cancer patients with no evidence of disease after surgery but who have a statistical chance that there is microscopic spread often get chemotherapy to kill off that disease , " explained Dr. Otis Brawley , chief medical officer of the American Cancer Society . Getting back into her regular routine was important to the justice , and it would help her cope with future medical treatment , sources close to her said . She successfully fought colorectal cancer a decade ago . Almost 35,000 Americans are estimated to have died from pancreatic cancer in 2008 , making it the fourth leading cause of cancer death overall , according to the American Cancer Society . For all ages combined , the one-year survival rate is 24 percent ; the five-year survival rate is 5 percent . The low survival rate is a result of the disease commonly going undetected until it has reached an advanced stage . Ginsburg -- the only woman on the Supreme Court -- entered a New York hospital after a CT scan in January "  revealed a small tumor , approximately one centimeter across , in the center of the pancreas , " a previous news release said . She has kept a busy schedule , on and off the bench . Since her diagnosis , she has released three opinions , attended President Obama 's February 24 address to Congress , gone to an opera production in the company of Justice David Souter , and traveled for several speeches . She told an audience last week in Boston , Massachusetts , that she had no plans to retire , but on the subject of court retirements she hinted cryptically , "  We have n't had any of those for some time , but surely we will soon . " Ginsburg , Souter and Justice John Paul Stevens frequently have been mentioned as likely to step down in the next few years . Ginsburg also said her former colleague , retired Justice Sandra Day O'Connor -- herself a cancer survivor -- had offered her some good advice . "  She said when you 're up to chemotherapy , you do it on Friday , Friday afternoon . You 'll get over it over the weekend , and you 'll be able to come to the court on Monday , " said Ginsburg , who noted O'Connor returned to work nine days after her breast cancer diagnosis . "  So I 've been following her advice meticulously . " Ginsburg has been on the Supreme Court since 1993 .	Supreme Court justice , 76 , will receive chemotherapy treatments Doctors removed small tumor from her pancreas in February Ruth Bader Ginsburg consistently signals her health outlook is good Retired Justice Sandra Day O'Connor gave Ginsburg advice on chemotherapy
CNN  -- A New Jersey mayor is compelling gun manufacturers bidding for gun and ammunition contracts with the city police to answer questions on gun safety in what is believed to be the first such move in the nation . Jersey City Mayor Steven Fulop said Wednesday that answering questions about social responsibility is now part of the bidding process . The revised bid specifications include six questions intended to gauge the gun manufacturer 's responsibility to public safety , according to city documents . The answers will impact the firm 's competitiveness , Fulop said . Refusal to answer the questions will deem their proposals incomplete . The six questions are : "  What do you do to combat illegal gun trafficking and illegal gun crime ? Do you manufacturer and sell assault weapons for civilian use ? Do you agree not to sell certain models of firearms for civilian use ? Are you requiring your dealers to conduct background checks ? Do you fund research related to gun violence and smart gun technology ? Will you commit to prohibiting your brand name from being used in violent video games ? " An admitted gun control advocate who also happens to have military background , Fulop said he hopes to make Jersey City a national example for other cities . Jersey City is believed to be the first in the country with such a requirement , the mayor said . Fulop said social responsibility requirements exist for most industries and that the gun manufacturers should not be exempt . As expected , the initiative has its detractors . "  It is inappropriate to politicize the selection of firearms for law enforcement , " said Lawrence Keane , senior vice president and general counsel of the National Shooting Sports Foundation , a Connecticut-based firearms trade association . Keane said it is dangerous to select firearms for law enforcement on anything other than what is best for police officers . The bid winner would supply rifles , handguns and ammunition to the Jersey City police department , which employs nearly 800 officers , according Bob McHugh , a Jersey City fire and police spokesman . A pro-gun control organization in Jersey City known as Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America praised the move , according to New Jersey chapter leader Mandi Perlmutter . "  If other mayors were to use their purchasing power , it would force the manufacturers to change how they do business , " she said . On Saturday , Fulop will speak at an event called "  No more silence " to honor the one year anniversary of the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting in which 20 students and six staff members died . The event is sponsored by Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America and other organizations . Fulop , referring to his initiative , said : "  This is an opportunity to shape the dialogue around gun control . "	New Jersey mayor demands gun safety views of gun manufacturers Questions posed to firms bidding to sell guns to Jersey City police Mayor hopes the initiative will shed light public responsibility of gun manufacturers
South Korea 's prime minster toured the scene of the latest deadly tragedy to befall the Asian nation Friday in Seongnam , south of Seoul . Video of the scene showed Chung Hong-won , along with rescue officials , inspecting the gaping , cement hole that swallowed up concertgoers as they were standing on a ventilation grate that suddenly gave way . More than two dozen people plunged some 20 meters  about 66 feet  , or four stories , into an underground parking structure below . Sixteen of them died , according to a government accident response task force . Eleven other people were injured , three seriously , the task force said . The Yonhap News Agency reported 12 people were killed at the scene , two others died en route to the hospital , and "  others may have passed away while receiving medical treatment . " The injured were taken to four hospitals , Yonhap reported , near the Pangyo Techno Valley , the multipurpose venue where the incident occurred . Some media reports indicate the victims were standing on the grate in order to get a better view of the stage . A witness told CNN affiliate YTN , "  There was a sudden , loud screaming and when I turned , it looked as if people were being sucked down into a hole . " About 700 people were attending the concert , which featured South Korean artists , including the popular all-female group 4Minute , Yonhap reported . A ferry sinking last April killed more than 300 people , many of them schoolchildren , and caused nationwide outrage . Critics contend safety measures and regulation are not keeping pace with the fast-paced economic development in the country .	Prime minister inspects scene of deadly tragedy Sixteen dead after falling into a ventilation shaft at South Korea concert Task force : Victims plunged four stories to their death when grate collapses Eleven people were injured , three seriously
CNN  -- The happiest day in Justin Smith 's life -- next to the day his daughter was born -- was March 5 , 2013 . When his phone rang , he looked down and saw the 301 area code . It must be the National Institutes of Health , he thought . He did n't know anyone else in Maryland . Indeed , Dr. Brigitte Widemann was calling to say that after five months of waiting , Smith 's 12-year-old daughter McKenna had been accepted into a clinical trial at NIH headquarters in Bethesda , Maryland . She could begin the week of September 30 . Smith thanked the doctor and hung up the phone . "  Baby , hopefully we can get you a cure now , " he said as he hugged and kissed his daughter . McKenna has neurofibromatosis , a rare genetic disorder . Countless tumors in various parts of her body tangle around her nerves and grow into her soft tissue . One tumor the size of a grapefruit crushed her esophagus and her carotid artery when she was 4 years old . Another tumor collapsed a lobe of her right lung . The growths are starting to cut off sensation to her right arm and left leg ; soon she will lose function of them entirely . She 's on four different pain medications , including two types of morphine . McKenna has had two surgeries and 24 rounds of radiation . The tumors have continued to grow . She underwent medical experiments to use the drugs thalidomide and Gleevac . Both were a failure . Doctors have told Smith his daughter will likely die before her 20th birthday . She turns 13 today . "  This NIH trial is her last hope , " Smith said . The Smiths boarded a plane Monday from their home in Cape Coral , Florida , to head to Bethesda . But during the trip -- even as they checked in at the Children 's Inn at NIH -- they were n't feeling hopeful that McKenna would be able to start taking the experimental drug , called hydrogen sulfate , on Friday as scheduled . Hydrogen sulfate , or AZD6244 , has been tested in adults and children with cancer . NIH doctors think it might be able to prevent benign tumors like McKenna 's from growing , or at least shrink the tumors and slow down their growth . Smith feared the government shutdown would keep McKenna from being able to start the study at all . McKenna is one of about 200 new patients , including some 30 children , who come every week to the NIH Clinical Center in Bethesda , Maryland , to begin clinical trials . These patients are being told they will have to wait until the government starts up again to start their trials , according to NIH spokesman John Burklow . Taking care of McKenna , as well as her disabled grandmother , is a full-time job for Smith , a single father . An Army veteran , he 's used to hard work and trying times , but as he waited Monday , Tuesday and Wednesday for word from the doctors , he grew more and more worried -- and angry . On Wednesday he tweeted , " #governmentshutdown needs 2 end #Now hurting sick people . have the #House come here to apologize to my young daughter & others . " "  Finally we 're here and our government ca n't get its act together , " he told CNN . Then at 3 p.m. Wednesday , there was a turnaround . For reasons that are unclear , McKenna 's doctors said she would be able to start taking the hydrogen sulfate on Friday as scheduled . No one knows how many other new patients like McKenna also managed to get into their NIH studies despite the government shutdown . "  If a child or adult patient is in desperate need for treatment , those people will be handled in a different manner , " Burklow said , "  and will more than likely be seen by physicians or nurses at the NIH Clinical Center . " While relieved that his daughter can start the trial , Smith worries about the kids who wo n't be able to . There are the other patients , like McKenna , who were supposed to start this week at the NIH Clinical Center , and if the shutdown continues , another 200 patients every week will face the same dilemma . Even though McKenna 's been lucky , the shutdown has still made her trip more difficult . With 75 % of NIH 's employees on furlough , the testing takes much longer than it should . An eye doctor 's appointment this week , for example , should have taken one hour , but lasted more than three . Exhausted and in pain , McKenna had to take a dose of morphine to get through it . And then another setback , this one unrelated to the shutdown : doctors found a new tumor in McKenna 's eye . This medical complication means she might not be able to get the drug Friday as planned . Smith said he knows what he would do if he could talk to members of Congress in person . "  I 'd put my daughter in their face and I 'd say , ` Why are you putting politics above my daughter 's life , or any other child 's life ? ' " he said . "  This is not a game . " McKenna said her message to Congress would be much shorter . "  This is stupid . " CNN 's John Bonifield and Val Willingham contributed to this piece .	Some 200 new patients , including 30 children , start a clinical trial at NIH every week With the government shutdown , these patients are being told they will have to wait to begin McKenna Smith will be allowed to receive treatment , doctors say , on Friday
CNN  -- Marine biologists have a mystery to solve : Why have the carcasses of two rare oarfish washed up on Southern California shores within a week ? Sightings of the huge deep-sea creatures -- dead or alive -- are unusual , because they typically swim thousands of feet below the surface . A dead 14-foot-long oarfish came ashore in Oceanside , California , on Friday afternoon , according to an Oceanside police dispatcher . A representative of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration was called to haul the serpent-like fish away for study , she said . A group of third-graders on a beach study trip made the discovery , according to CNN affiliate KGTV . The incident is especially puzzling because of the discovery made five days earlier by a marine science instructor while snorkeling off Catalina Island . Jasmine Santana was about 15 feet underwater when she found an 18-foot-long oarfish floating nearby . "  I was first a little scared , " said Santana , who has been working for Catalina Island Marine Institute since January . "  But when I realized it was an oarfish , I knew it was harmless . " Giant eyeball washes up on beach It took Santana 15 minutes to drag the dead fish ashore , where 14 others helped lift the 400-pound carcass out of the water . "  I was really amazed . It was like seeing something in a dream , " said Mark Waddington , the senior captain of Catalina Island Marine Institute 's sailing school vessel the "  Tole Mour " who gave Santana a hand . "  It 's the first time I ever witnessed an oarfish this big . " Discovery makes a splash : The rarest whale Suzanne Kohin , a scientist with the National Marine Fisheries Service , was on hand Friday to take a look at the Oceanside oarfish . "  It 's so rare to find in Southern California , especially in surface water , " Kohin told KGTV . "  They thought it was a very rare event the first time , so these two events that we heard of in the last few weeks are the only ones I 've ever heard of . " Spiders had ancient , big-clawed relatives The Catalina Island Marine Institute , a nonprofit marine science education group , said oarfish "  are rarely seen , dead or alive . " "  It is believed that oarfish dive over 3,000 feet deep , which leaves them largely unstudied , and little is known about their behavior or population . " Waddington , who has been with Catalina Island Marine Institute since 1994 , said it remains unclear why the oarfish was found in shallow water this time , but it appeared to have died naturally . Seal gives shark the slip in great white photo Waddington said while the oarfish 's carcass is still being preserved in ice , Catalina Island Marine Institute has been sending some of its tissues and other samples to marine scientists , including Dr. Milton Love , a fish expert from University of California at Santa Barbara , to study its DNA and diet habits . Waddington said Catalina Island Marine Institute will likely to keep the fish 's skeleton for educational purposes . Its program attracts more than 30,000 school-age children each year . Another rare ` sea monster ' hits California : 15-foot saber-toothed whale	The first oarfish carcass was found off Catalina Island October 13 A dead 14-foot-long oarfish washes ashore in Oceanside , California , on Friday NOAA scientists take the second carcass for study Sightings of the huge deep-sea creatures are rare
CNN  -- British Formula One team Williams will have an all-South American line-up next year , with Pastor Maldonado signing up to drive alongside Rubens Barrichello . Maldonado will be the first Venezuelan since Johnny Cecotto in 1984 to drive an F1 car when he lines up alongside Brazilian veteran Barrichello at the Bahrain Grand prix in March . The 25-year-old takes the seat of young German Nico Hulkenberg , who left after being unable to agree a new contract following his successful rookie year . Maldonado won the GP2 Series title this year , becoming the first driver to win six successive races , and tested for Williams in Abu Dhabi . "  I will be doing my best over the winter to prepare myself , and I know the team will be working hard to ensure a successful season , " he told the Williams website on Thursday . "  2011 will be the first time in nearly 30 years that a Venezuelan has driven a Formula One car , so I will be looking to get some good results in return for the support my country has given me to help get me to this position today . " A seven-time national kart champion , he won at Monaco in his debut GP2 season in 2007 . "  Since then , he has regularly reminded us of his unquestionable talent with some skilful wins , particularly during this year 's GP2 championship , " team principal Frank Williams said . "  Of course , we already know Pastor from the time he spent with the team at the Abu Dhabi test , but we are very much looking forward to developing his talent over the winter and a fruitful season with him next year . "	Pastor Maldonado will be the first Venezuelan to drive in F1 since the 1980s Williams sign the 25-year-old to replace departed rookie Nico Hulkenberg He will be the British team 's second driver alongside Brazil 's Rubens Barrichello
CNN  -- In one image , soldiers -- including one from the Wisconsin Army National Guard -- pose around a flag-draped casket . The caption reads : "  We put the FUN in funeral -- your fearless honor guard from various states . " In another , a soldier poses alone in a car . That caption reads : "  It 's so damn cold out ... WHY have a funeral outside !? Somebody 's getting a jacked up flag . " Both photographs sparked outrage after they were posted on an Instagram account belonging to Spc. Terry Harrison -- a member of the 1st Battalion , 147th Aviation Regiment based in Madison , Wisconsin . She has been suspended indefinitely from the funeral honors detail , pending an investigation . Harrison remains working full time , performing other duties , said Maj. Paul Rickert , spokesman for the Wisconsin National Guard . On Wednesday , a second Wisconsin National Guard member was also suspended with pay from the funeral honor team , Rickert said . During the suspension , Sgt. Luis Jimenez has been assigned to other duties pending the outcome of the investigation , Rickert said . "  He had made comments on social media supporting Spc. Terry Harrison . He 's not featured in any of the photos , " Rickert said . Jimenez could n't be immediately reached for comment Wednesday . "  A military funeral is the final show of respect for our veterans and their families , and we take that solemn duty very seriously , " Rickert said . "  The very name ` military funeral honors ' underscores the importance we ascribe -- both as the military and society at large -- to such solemn occasions . These photos and comments do not appear to align with those values . " Harrison is the only member of the Wisconsin National Guard in the photos , the spokesman added . The other people are members of other military units , but Rickert did n't know to which branches or units they might belong . As a result , he did n't know whether there were other investigations involving those members . "  We expect all of our Soldiers and Airmen to live by a core set of values , in word and deed , " said Maj. Gen. Donald P. Dunbar , Wisconsin 's adjutant general . "  I was appalled by the offensive photos and comments that appeared on this Soldier 's social media site regarding her duties as a funeral honor guard member . "	NEW : Sgt. Luis Jimenez is suspended after he made comments on social media Spc. Terry Harrison is suspended indefinitely from the funeral honors detail Wisconsin adjutant general "  appalled " by photos , captions on her Instagram account "  Somebody 's getting a jacked up flag , " says one , complaining about funeral weather
CNN  -- Meet the future . Her name is Maya Shaoolian . She is 2 years old . Maya is just learning the basics of reading and writing , but she 's a veteran of technology . She 's been using an iPad since she was 1 , says her father , Gabriel Shaoolian , the founder and CEO of marketing agency Blue Fountain Media . It 's fun for her , he says . It 's also a window into how she 'll communicate : with apps and texts and instant images and video . "  She is part of a generation that will know nothing else but 140 characters and 16 seconds of video , " Shaoolian said . "  She is part of a generation that will never know what a commercial is , because she consumes everything on demand . She wants content when she wants it , and without any interruptions . And it better be bite-size , because that is really all she has time for -- and all her brain processes . " This is not a lament , he hastens to add . Shaoolian says he draws his greatest lessons in technology usage from Maya . In fact , he thinks Maya and her friends will be better at making sense of those tweets and video snippets than , well , us . "  Her generation will be much more efficient communicating and grasping information , " he said . "  I am certain that she will read between the lines and grasp every nuance , because she has not had to relearn how to communicate or digest information . This is the only way she knows . " Well , OK . But where does that leave the rest of us ? The blur of communications has progressed from letters and e-mails to texts , tweets and Instagram pictures . Long , detailed speeches have turned into clips , then sound bites , then Vines , Snapchat and animated GIFs . Yes , we 're adjusting to an image-intensive , brevity-favoring world , a world as close and available as our smartphone . It 's a fast-growing , hugely popular world that rewards short attention spans . Instagram was born in 2010 ; as of June , it has 130 million monthly active users and 45 million photos posted per day . Vine , the six-second video app introduced by the Twitter folks in January , became the iTunes app store 's most popular free download within three months . It had 13 million users as of June , and its most active users post more than 14 Vines per day . Not to be outdone , Instagram launched its own short-video feature in June . Users of Snapchat , a messaging platform popular with teens , exchange 200 million pictures a day . President Obama 's campaign used a Twitter photo to express thanks after his 2012 re-election ; it became the most popular tweet in Twitter 's history . Danny DeVito sends out photobombing pictures of his "  troll foot " at every opportunity . Creative types have used Vine and Instagram to create memes , jokes and art . All this gives new meaning to the Internet rule , "  Pics or it did n't happen . " ` All about the visuals ' That 's certainly the case with Sam Green , the 25-year-old vice president of RiTE Media Group , an Atlanta-based video production company . Green only got turned on to Instagram eight months ago , he says , but has been so won over by the app he 's practically given up texting or posting written messages to Facebook . The benefits are many , he says : more attention from the public , more convenience for him , more engagement in general . "  It 's all about the visuals , " he said . "  We could post a  text  saying we 're on the set with Ludacris or we could post a picture with Ludacris , and that was getting a lot more views . People like to be able to see the proof behind the text . It 's a much more honest way to engage for the audience . " He says the company 's success has been driven by its Instagram push , estimating that 20 % of RiTE 's clientele has come through the service . Nick Teissler , a 19-year-old student at Georgia Tech , is a fan of Vine . For him and his friends , Vine and Snapchat "  are bigger than Instagram . " Facebook does n't even enter into the conversation , he says .  Mark Zuckerberg , call your office . The Vine videos are an easy way to share humor , he says . "  Humor , kind of expressing frustration , " he said . "  It 's rare to have an informative Vine out there . " Instagram , he says with impish disdain , "  is more for people who want to express themselves and let people know that they 're expressing themselves . " All these services are known for their brevity and convenience . Anthony Jack , a Case Western Reserve University professor whose work crosses the disciplines of psychology , neuroscience and philosophy , likes those details : One of the great benefits of social media , he points out , is the creativity that brevity inspires . "  It encourages people to distill ideas down to their core , and then only the ones that really stick get shared . So it is an effective way of generating incisive commentary , " he said . But he wonders whether something is being lost . It takes more than brief bursts of creativity to actually , well , communicate -- to really understand someone else 's perspective . "  Understanding others ' experience lies at the core of true moral understanding . It connects us to others and gives us a real appreciation of their motives and beliefs , " he said . "  So the danger is that social media is making us fall back on what we already understand : our stereotypes and preconceived notions . When social communication is so accessible and immediate , it can also become very shallow . " Remapping the brain That 's been a concern of older generations for , well , generations . When the telephone started becoming popular in the late 19th century , adults worried that youngsters were using it for flirtation . Television was derided as the "  boob tube , " and high-minded academics wondered why the promise of education and social uplift had been replaced by "  Mr. Ed " reruns . Now we have these remarkable smartphones , devices with amazing computing and imaging power , and we use them for ... taking pictures of ourselves . Tammy Vigil , a professor in Boston University 's College of Communication , routinely sees it among her students . With the way these photos spread on social media , she looks at it as "  sort of an interesting attempt at fame , almost . It 's sort of being their own paparazzi . They put out these pictures of themselves , and they hope they get pushed on . " She finds it striking that Snapchat and Instagram express two different attitudes toward social fame . Snapchat , after all , assumes that your image will be quickly wiped . Instagram , however , is presumably forever : "  It 's almost like a photo album , " Vigil said . Some observers worry that photos may not provide the same nuance as text . But Dr. Gopal Chopra , a neurosurgeon and the creator of PINGMD , a medical data communication service , notes that the brain is tremendously flexible . It 's just a matter of how much effort we put into assessing all that information flying at us , he says . The nuances we pick up through text we can also learn visually , though it takes time . Think of muscle memory , he says : With enough repetition , the brain can create new pathways for physical tasks . The same is true in going from one medium to another . "  It 's plasticity , " he said . "  We are remapping . And it does take time . But it takes an effort to go from the BlackBerry to an iPhone . " But for those willing to make the effort , the brain can adjust . "  From a neuroscience perspective , the brain is such an underestimated storehouse and synthesis house when it comes to information , " he said . Full circle ? Another grumble is that we 're leaving text behind completely and that coming generations will be worse off for it . However , Rob Weiss , a therapist and executive with Elements Behavioral Health , says that 's just generational moralizing . "  When I sit down with a bunch of therapists and ask what 's going on , they ca n't help but tell me about worried they are about young people , how young people are going to lose their communications skills , they 're going to be unempathetic towards other people , they 're going to be narcissistic ... all of this negativity , " said Weiss , whose forthcoming book , "  Closer Together , Further Apart , " is about the effect of technology on intimacy and relationships . "  I think this is generational . This is just like sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll , when our parents were horrified . " Instead , he says , it 's simply another turn -- one in which we do n't know the results yet . Besides , it 's an evolution that 's been going on for , well , generations . In Homer 's day , the "  Iliad " and "  Odyssey " were presented orally . Then we transitioned to the printed word . Books eventually gave way to radio -- another version of the oral tradition -- and then television . When the Internet appeared , it was back to text . Now , Boston University 's Vigil points out , text is giving way to images again -- but that does n't mean the other forms of communication will go away . They 're all just tools , she says . "  I do n't foresee  image services  meaning that we wo n't text anymore . It think it 's going to be more of a balancing act between them , " she said . In the future , who knows ? We could be communicating by Google 's connected Glass eyewear or by using our tech-embedded clothing . By then , it will be truly be Maya Shaoolian 's world . "  How she gets that information she likes has completely evolved from the way you and I grew up getting it , " her father said . "  What we 're doing now is unthinkable 20 years ago . "	Messaging has progressed from e-mails to texts , tweets , Vines and Instagram pics Young people , especially , communicate through visuals and short bits of text Professor : Brevity "  encourages people to distill ideas down to their core " Neurosurgeon : "  The nuances we pick up through text we can also learn visually "
CNN  There was a street named after Chuck Norris , but they had to change the name because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives . Chuck Norris counted to infinity . Twice . Death once had a near-Chuck Norris experience . Chuck Norris is celebrating his 75th birthday -- but the calendar is only allowed to turn 39 . That last one is true  well , the first part , anyway  . The actor , martial-arts star and world 's favorite tough-guy joke subject was born March 10 , 1940 , which makes him 75 today . Or perhaps he IS 39 . Because maybe YOU ca n't beat time , but Chuck Norris can beat anything . Happy birthday !	Tuesday is Chuck Norris ' 75th birthday The actor and martial arts master is now known as subject of tough-guy one-liners
A decade ago , the United States had a virtual monopoly on drones . Not anymore . According to data compiled by the New America Foundation , more than 70 countries now own some type of drone , though just a small number of those nations possess armed drone aircraft . The explosion in drone technology promises to change the way nations conduct war and threatens to begin a new arms race as governments scramble to counterbalance their adversaries . Late last month , China announced that it would use surveillance drones to monitor a group of uninhabited islands in the South China Sea that are controlled by Japan but claimed by China and Taiwan . In August 2010 , Iran unveiled what it claimed was its first armed drone . And on Tuesday , the country 's military chief , Gen. Amir Ali Hajizadeh , disclosed details of a new long-range drone that he said can fly 2,000 kilometers  1,250 miles  , which puts Tel Aviv easily in range . Israel looks to Lebanon after drone shot down But without an international framework governing the use of drone attacks , the United States is setting a dangerous precedent for other nations with its aggressive and secretive drone programs in Pakistan and Yemen , which are aimed at suspected members of al Qaeda and their allies . Just as the U.S. government justifies its drone strikes with the argument that it is at war with al Qaeda and its affiliates , one could imagine that India in the not too distant future might launch such attacks against suspected terrorists in Kashmir , or China might strike Uighur separatists in western China , or Iran might attack Baluchi nationalists along its border with Pakistan . This moment may almost be here . China took the United States by surprise in November 2010 at the Zhuhai Air Show , where it unveiled 25 drone models , some of which were outfitted with the capability to fire missiles . It remains unclear just how many of China 's drones are operational and how many of them are still in development , but China is intent on catching up with the United States ' rapidly expanding drone arsenal . When President George W. Bush declared a "  War on Terror " 11 years ago , the Pentagon had fewer than 50 drones . Now , it has around 7,500 . Study : Drone strikes kill , maim and traumatize too many civilians As Bush embarked on that war , the United States had never used armed drones in combat . The first U.S. armed drone attack , which appears to be the first such strike ever , took place in mid-November 2001 and killed the military commander of al Qaeda , Mohammed Atef , in Afghanistan . Since then , the CIA has used drones equipped with bombs and missiles hundreds of times to target suspected militants in Pakistan and Yemen . CNN Radio : Drone debate -- who can you trust ? Only the United States , United Kingdom and Israel are known to have launched drone strikes against their adversaries , although other members of the International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan , such as Australia , have "  borrowed " drones from Israel for use in the war there . Drone technology is proliferating rapidly . A 2011 study estimated that there were around 680 active drone development programs run by governments , companies and research institutes around the world , compared with just 195 in 2005 . In 2010 , U.S.-based General Atomics received export licenses to sell unarmed versions of the Predator drone to Saudi Arabia , Egypt , Morocco and the United Arab Emirates . And in March , the U.S. government agreed to arm Italy 's six Reaper drones but rejected a request from Turkey to purchase armed Predator drones . An official in Turkey 's Defense Ministry said in July that Turkey planned to arm its own domestically produced drone , the Anka . Israel is the world 's largest exporter of drones and drone technology , and the state-owned Israeli Aerospace Industries has sold to countries as varied as Nigeria , Russia and Mexico . Building drones , particularly armed drones , takes sophisticated technology and specific weaponry , but governments are increasingly willing to invest the necessary time and money to either buy or develop them , as armed drones are increasingly seen as an integral part of modern warfare . Sweden , Greece , Switzerland , Spain , Italy and France are working on a joint project through state-owned aeronautical companies and are in the final stages of developing an advanced armed drone prototype called the Dassault nEURon , from which the France plans to derive armed drones for its air force . And Pakistani authorities have long tried to persuade the United States to give them armed Predator drones , while India owns an armed Israeli drone designed to detect and destroy enemy radar , though it does not yet have drones capable of striking other targets . The Teal Group , a defense consulting firm in Virginia , estimated in June that the global market for the research , development and procurement of armed drones will just about double in the next decade , from $ 6.6 billion to $ 11.4 billion . News : Drones expected to hunt for suspects in Libya attack States are not alone in their quest for drones . Insurgent groups , too , are moving to acquire this technology . Last year , Libyan opposition forces trying to overthrow the dictator Moammar Gadhafi bought a sophisticated surveillance drone from a Canadian company for which they paid in the low six figures . You can even buy your own tiny drone on Amazon for $ 250 .  And for an extra $ 3.99 , you can get next-day shipping . As drone technology becomes more widely accessible , it is only a matter of time before well-financed drug cartels acquire them . And you can imagine a day in the not too distant future where armed drones are used to settle personal vendettas . Given the relatively low costs of drones -- already far cheaper than the costs of a fighter jet and of training a fighter jet pilot -- armed drones will play a key role in future conflicts . Opinion : When are drone killings illegal ? While the drone industry thrives and more companies , research institutes and nations jump on board the drone bandwagon , the United States is setting a powerful international norm about the use of armed drones , which it uses for pre-emptive attacks against presumed terrorists in Pakistan and Yemen . It is these kinds of drone strikes that are controversial ; the use of drones in a conventional war is not much different than a manned aircraft that drops bombs or fires missiles . According to figures compiled by the New America Foundation , drone attacks aimed at suspected militants are estimated to have killed between 1,900 and 3,200 people in Pakistan over the past eight years . While there has been considerable discussion of the legality of such strikes in a number of U.S. law schools , there has been almost no substantive public discussion about drone attacks among policymakers at the international level . The time has come for some kind of international convention on the legal framework surrounding the uses of such weapons , which promise to shape the warfare of the future as much as tanks and bombers did during the 20th century . Fatima Mustafa and Farhad Peikar contributed to the research for this article . Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter	Peter Bergen : American monopoly on drones is long gone ; 70 nations have them He says drones will change warfare and lead to a new arms race China , Iran , Israel , European nations are among those with drones , he says Bergen : U.S. use of drones is setting a precedent without enough discussion of the legal issues
ARLINGTON , Virginia  CNN  -- The Tomb of the Unknowns at Arlington National Cemetery is at the center of combat between preservationists and cemetery officials . Preservationists say a replica would also crack over time and that fixing the monument is the better option . The giant marble sarcophagus marking the location of unknown U.S. service members has been battling the elements since it opened to the public in 1932 . More than 70 years later , it is showing the scars , with cracks encircling it . The sarcophagus contains the remains of three unknown service members who were killed in World War I , World War II and the Korean War . The remains of a fourth service member , who died during the Vietnam War , were removed from the tomb and identified in 1998 . On its most famous inscription -- "  Here rests in honored glory an American soldier known but to God " -- a crack cuts diagonally across the words . Those scars are at the center of a debate : Should the memorial be fixed or replaced with a replica ? See photos of Tomb 's cracks and its history " "  The overall appearance of the memorial is not what it should be and we know this is a problem , " said John C. Metzler Jr. , the superintendent of Arlington National Cemetery . As the cracks worsen , cemetery officials say , the threat of a degraded monument will detract from the dignity and respect afforded to those buried at what many consider the nation 's most sacred site . They would like an exact replica made with similar marble . Historical preservationists say it should not be replaced and that the cracks should simply be fixed as needed . "  A replica is not the same thing as the original , " said John Hildreth of the National Trust for Historic Preservation , a leading historical preservation organization . Located high on a hill overlooking Washington on the Virginia side of the Potomac River , the Tomb of the Unknowns is diligently looked after by the U.S. military 's ceremonial Old Guard 24 hours a day . Watch Tomb guard : "  Everything we do is for the Unknowns " " Cemetery officials estimate more than 4 million people visit the cemetery and the Tomb of the Unknowns every year , making it one of the most popular destinations in the Washington area . Since the early 1960s , the marble walls that make up the main monument at the Tomb have been developing fissures from natural cracking , made worse by Washington 's brutal quick freezes and thaws . The cracks have been slowly growing each year , threatening the look and delicate carvings on the front of the structure rarely seen by the public . The monument has undergone two repairs , one in 1975 and the last one in 1989 , with grout used as filler . Since then , other significant cracks have appeared . Watch President Bush lay wreath at Tomb of the Unknowns " "  The cracks continue to grow . And I ca n't predict what the weather is going to continue to do to the monument , " Metzler said . For years , Arlington National Cemetery , which falls under the control of the Department of the Army , has been looking to replace the 48-ton monument and its fault lines with one that is virtually identical . Metzler says following the rules of the National Historic Preservation Act and locating unblemished marble that will hold up to the weather has slowed the replacement process . The possibility of replacement -- which the cemetery said would not disturb the actual tombs encasing the remains -- has outraged preservationists . Hildreth 's group , the Washington-based National Trust for Historic Preservation , and its allies successfully lobbied Congress to force the cemetery to examine all repair options . "  Cemetery officials heard our concerns and were not very receptive to changing their plans , " Hildreth said . "  If they were to replace the monument with the same marble material , it would eventually start cracking again . " Metzler and cemetery officials reported back to Congress this month and decided to continue to repair the cracks as needed -- but will still pursue replacing the monument entirely , if requirements to the National Historic Preservation Act can be met . "  For now , we will intermittently repair the monument with grouting process that should hold for several years at a time , " Metzler told CNN . The report said cemetery officials believe the "  cracks can not be repaired indefinitely without the monument acquiring a patched , worn and shabby appearance , which is the antithesis of its purpose and contrary to -LSB- Arlington National Cemetery 's -RSB- mission of maintaining a dignified , fitting memorial to our country 's fallen soldiers . " Metzler said it is impossible to say when or if the memorial would be replaced because it hinges on whether all of the criteria are met in the Preservation Act . The National Trust contends that the cost of repairing it far outweighs the cost replacing the structure . The cemetery 's report to Congress lists a replacement and related costs could total $ 2.2 million , while the cost for a one-time repair would be about $ 65,000 . Metzler 's concerns are not just out of dignity and respect for those troops buried at the Tomb , but also for the tourists and other visitors that come to the monument . "  I worry that as the cracks worsen it will eventually take away from the visitor 's experience , " Metzler said .	Debate centers on whether to fix cracks on Tomb of Unknowns or replace it Repairing it would cost an estimated $ 65,000 ; replacing it would cost $ 2.2 million Cemetery officials want a replica structure ; say cheap fixes wo n't preserve it Preservationists say a replica would crack over time , just like the current one
CNN  -- Without action from Washington , on January 2 , 2013 , the U.S. defense budget will undergo the most dramatic and dangerous cuts in its history . Because of the failure of the supercommittee to agree on a deficit reduction plan , the 2011 Budget Control Act automatically cuts about $ 500 billion from the defense budget . These cuts fall on top of the already agreed-upon $ 487 billion in reductions . All told , the cuts would amount to about $ 1 trillion over a decade . The results would be nothing short of catastrophic . But do n't take my word for it . On November 14 , 2011 , Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta wrote a letter to Sens. John McCain and Lindsey Graham explaining the ramifications of the full sequestration defense cuts . Should these cuts take place over the next 10 years , he said , the United States would be left with its smallest ground force since World War II ; the smallest Navy since 1915 ; the smallest fighter force in the history of the Air Force ; and the smallest civilian work force in the Defense Department 's history . Gen. Joseph Dunford Jr. , the assistant commandant of the Marine Corps , testified on Capitol Hill in May that such cuts would leave the corps without "  adequate capabilities and capacities to meet a single major contingency operation . " National defense is only 20 % of the budget , yet the sequester subjects it to 50 % of the automatic cuts . The other $ 500 billion will be cut from domestic programs . Sequestration , which both Democrats and Republicans voted for , was intended to spur Washington to responsible action ; it was never meant to be an effective deficit-reduction tool . No doctor operates with a pickax , unless , of course , he intends to maim his patient . Who 's to blame for threat of defense budget cuts ? Last week on my radio show , "  Morning In America , " Sen. Graham said the full brunt of these cuts would mean "  no more F-35s , no more modern fighters " and "  it means that those who are serving in the military will be sent off to future wars ill-equipped and unprepared . " Leaders on both sides of the aisle agree : Sequestration cuts will gut the world 's greatest military . Washington can not , and must not , allow this to happen . And yet , the president and his administration seem preoccupied with leveraging defense cuts for political gamesmanship . Last week , the White House sent a letter to Capitol Hill saying it would exempt all military personnel from the cuts , thereby avoiding the political fallout from military voters and ensuring that the bulk of the cuts come to equipment , readiness , and weapons . We may have an army , but , if the cuts happen , little to arm them with . The remainder of the cuts will fall on the Defense Department 's wide network of contractors . In a recent study , the Aerospace Industries Association found that the sequester cuts could eliminate more than 2 million jobs and add 1.5 % to the unemployment rate . Such massive layoffs made in anticipation of the budget cuts and before an election would be disastrous , especially in swing states , like Virginia , whose economies depend heavily on defense contractors . Knowing full well the political fiasco this would be , the Obama administration 's Labor Department issued a memo advising defense industry contractors to ignore the WARN Act , which requires federal contractors to issue layoff notices 60 days before , meaning they would land in employees ' hands four days before the November 6 election . Rep. Buck McKeon , chairman of the House Armed Services Committee , fired back at the White House and told contractors to ignore the Labor Department . On Tuesday , the White House finally agreed to detail exactly where these massive cuts will come from within the Defense Department and from domestic programs . The president signed the bill only after the Democrat-led Senate unanimously passed the Republican-led House 's Sequestration Transparency Act , which requires the White House to inform Congress and the public exactly how and where the sequestration cuts will be made . Now that the cuts will be disclosed in full view , one can not believe the president would go against the wishes of his own secretary of defense and generals and allow the military to be subjected to these traumatic cuts and massive layoffs . Rather , the president seems to be engaging Republicans in a high-stakes game of chicken -- his demands , like tax hikes on the wealthiest Americans , or the threat of sequestration . Republicans should n't yield , but call this what it is -- reckless and dangerous politicking . After all , the president is the commander-in-chief . If he takes credit for the death of Osama bin Laden , he takes responsibility for welfare of the military and the safety of America . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William Bennett .	William Bennett : On January 2 , the defense budget will automatically be cut by about $ 500B Bennett : "  Sequestration " was meant to spur Washington to make a responsible deal Now it threatens to gut military , he says . Defense secretary , generals , politicians do n't want it Washington must stop playing politics , he says , agree to budget deal to end the threat
CNN  -- Hello BET . Was it Lionel Richie you were looking for ? The 2014 BET Awards aired Sunday , and the show honored the legendary singer with the lifetime achievement award . The only problem was that Richie 's last name was spelled "  Ritchie " in the graphic , prompting the trending of #lionelritchie on Twitter and deliberate misspellings of his name . But that moment was just one of the hits and misses for the night . HIT : Chris Brown 's performance The star , recently released from jail , returned to the stage to perform his song "  Loyal " with a little help from rappers Lil Wayne and Tyga . His performance energized the crowd -- and also sparked much discussion about his plaid fashion choice . MISS : Beyonce and Jay Z 's ` live ' performance Plenty of TV viewers stayed up to catch what they believed would be a live performance by a superstar couple . Instead , the performance turned out to be a prerecorded video of the pair during a stop of their tour in Cincinnati . It was hot , but not live , and Billboard tweeted that "  People are leaving the awards show in droves right now during Jay Z and Beyonce clip #BETAwards . " HIT : Chris Rock 's opening monologue The comic hosted this year 's ceremony , and he killed . Rock poked fun at everyone from the performers -- of Chris Brown , he said the singer "  just signed a new deal -- too bad it 's a plea deal " -- to celebs in the audience , and even got topical with the controversy over racial remarks made by Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling . "  What exactly did he say ? " Rock asked . "  What exactly did Donald Sterling say ? ' I do n't want my woman around black basketball players . ' Me neither ! " MISS : Nicki Minaj 's acceptance speech The rapper and former "  American Idol " judge won the best female hip-hop artist award and gave a speech that left many scratching their heads . After declaring "  I do n't look at myself as a female rapper 'cause I know what I do , " she went on to offer that "  When you hear Nicki Minaj spit , Nicki Minaj wrote it , " which some took to be a diss directed at new rapper Iggy Azalea .  Although Minaj quickly added "  No shade , " meaning she was not directing her remarks at anyone . Minaj then went on to describe her recent -- sort of -- near brush with death . "  I just want to say that the other day , literally , I did n't tell anybody this , I really thought I was about to die , " Minaj said . "  Like , I was saying my prayers to die . And I did n't even want to call an ambulance because I thought , ` Well , if I call the ambulance , it 's gon na be on TMZ . ' And I would rather sit there and die . And it made me realize -- I do n't care anymore what anybody got ta say . " It may take us until the 2015 BET Awards to sort that one out .	Richie 's name is spelled "  Ritchie " in graphic Chris Brown returns to the stage Nicki Minaj talks about thinking she was going to die
Kathmandu , Nepal  CNN  -- Pushpa Basnet does n't need an alarm clock . Every morning , the sounds of 40 children wake her up in the two-story home she shares with them . As she helps the children dress for school , Basnet might appear to be a housemother of sorts . But the real story is more complicated . All of these children once lived in Nepal 's prisons . This 28-year-old woman has saved every one of them from a life behind bars . Nepal is one of the poorest countries in the world -- according to UNICEF , 55 % of the population lives below the international poverty line -- so it lacks the social safety net that exists in most Western nations . Space is extremely limited in the few children 's homes affiliated with the government . So when no local guardian is available , an arrested parent often must choose between bringing their children to jail with them or letting them live on the streets . Nepal 's Department of Prison Management estimates 80 children live in the nation 's prisons . "  It 's not fair for  these  children to live in the prison because they have n't done anything wrong , " said Basnet , who started a nongovernmental organization to help . "  My mission is to make sure no child grows up behind prison walls . " Basnet is one of several in Nepal who have started groups to get children out of prison . Since 2005 , she has assisted more than 100 children of incarcerated parents . She runs a day care program for children under 6 and a residential home where mostly older children receive education , food , medical care and a chance to live a more normal life . "  I had a very fortunate life , with a good education , " Basnet said . "  I should give it to somebody else . " Basnet was just 21 when she discovered her calling , she said . While her family ran a successful business , she was studying social work in college . As part of her studies , she visited a women 's prison and was appalled by the dire conditions . She also was shocked to discover children living behind bars . One baby girl grabbed Basnet 's shawl and gave her a big smile . "  I felt she was calling me , " Basnet said . "  I went back home and told my parents about it . They told me it was a normal thing and that in a couple of days I 'd forget it . But I could n't forget . " Basnet decided to start a day care to get incarcerated children out from behind the prison walls . While her parents were against the idea at first -- she had no job or way to sustain it financially -- eventually they helped support her . But prison officials , government workers and even some of the imprisoned mothers she approached doubted that someone her age could handle such a project . "  When I started , nobody believed in me , " Basnet said . "  People thought I was crazy . They laughed at me . " But Basnet was undaunted . She got friends to donate money , and she rented a building in Kathmandu to house her new organization , the Early Childhood Development Center . She furnished it largely by convincing her parents that they needed a new refrigerator or kitchen table ; when her parents ' replacement would arrive , she 'd whisk the old one to her center . Just two months after she first visited the prison , Basnet began to care for five children . She picked them up at the prison every weekday morning , brought them to her center and then returned them in the afternoon . Basnet 's program was the first of its kind in Kathmandu ; when she started , some of the children in her care had never been outside a prison . Two years later , Basnet established the Butterfly Home , a children 's home where she herself has lived for the past five years . While she now has a few staff members who help her , Basnet is still very hands on . "  We do cooking , washing , shopping , " she said . "  It 's amazing , I never get tired .  The children  give me the energy . ... The smiles of my children keep me motivated . " Coordinating all of this is no easy task . But at the Butterfly Home , the older kids help care for the younger ones and everyone pitches in with household chores . The atmosphere feels like an extremely large family , a feeling that 's fostered by Basnet , who smothers the children with love . The children reciprocate by calling her "  Mamu , " which means "  Mommy . " "  I do n't ever get a day off , but if I -LSB- did n't -RSB- have the children around me , it would be hard , " she said . "  When I 'm with them , I 'm happy . " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes All the children are at the Butterfly Home with the consent of the imprisoned parent . When Basnet hears about an imprisoned child , she 'll visit the prison -- even in remote areas of the country -- and tell the parent what she can provide . If the parent agrees , Basnet brings the child back . She is still eager , however , for the children to maintain relationships with their parents . During school holidays , she sends the younger children to the prisons to visit , and she brings them food , clothing and fresh water during their stay . Ultimately , Basnet wants the families to reunite outside prison , and 60 of her children have been able to do just that . Parents like Kum Maya Tamang are grateful for Basnet 's efforts . Tamang has spent the last seven years in a women 's prison in Kathmandu . When she was convicted on drug charges , she had no other options for child care , so she brought her two daughters to jail with her . When she heard about Basnet 's program , she decided to let them go live with her . "  If Pushpa was n't around ,  they  could have never gotten an education ...  they  would have probably had to live on the streets , " she said . "  I feel she treats  them  the way I would . " Tamang 's oldest daughter , Laxmi , said she ca n't imagine life without Basnet . "  My life would have been dark without her , " said Laxmi , 14 . "  I would 've probably always had a sad life . But now I wo n't , because of Pushpa . " In 2009 , Basnet started a program to teach the parents how to make handicrafts , which she sells to raise money for the children 's care . Both mothers and fathers participate . It not only gives them skills that might help them support themselves when they 're released , but it also helps them feel connected to their children . "  Often , they think that they 're useless because they 're in prison , " Basnet said . "  I want to make them feel that they are contributing back to us . " Making ends meet is always a struggle , though . The children help by making greeting cards that Basnet sells as part of her handicraft business . In the past , she has sold her own jewelry and possessions to keep the center going . Her biggest concern is trying to find ways to do more to give the children a better future . She recently set up a bank account to save for their higher educations , and one day she hopes to buy or build a house so they 'll always have a place to call home . Their happiness is always foremost in her thoughts . "  This is what I want to do with my life , " she said . "  It makes me feel  good  when I see that they are happy , but it makes me want to work harder . ... I want to fulfill all their dreams . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Early Childhood Development Center website at www.ecdcnepal.org and see how to help . CNN 's Sumnima Udas contributed to this report .	In Nepal , many children have little choice but to live in prison with their incarcerated parents Fortunately , more and more are finding special homes like the one run by Pushpa Basnet Basnet also operates a day care in Kathmandu for children under 6 years old Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes
Washington  CNN  -- A nonpartisan panel reporting to Congress says the United States is wasting $ 12 million a day among contracts issued in support of American efforts in Iraq and Afghanistan . The Commission on Wartime Contracting spent the past three years documenting whether American funding went where it was supposed to . The findings show misdirected money has totaled between $ 31 billion and $ 60 billion , and that both the government and the contractors are to blame for fraud and waste . Commissioner Katherine Schinasi told reporters at a news conference Wednesday that the numbers do n't seem to have an impact on people concerned about spending . To make it easier to grasp the magnitude of the problem , Schinasi said , "  we 've broken it down to $ 12 million a day . " "  We are wasting $ 12 million a day , " she said , "  maybe that will make a difference . " The study looked at contracts from 2001 through the projected end of fiscal year 2011 . Without contract reform and better oversight , future prospects look just as ominous , the panel members warned , as the U.S. considers a role rebuilding Libya in a post-Gadhafi time frame . Dov Zakheim , a former comptroller at the Defense Department , said he believes the misdirected money is closer to $ 60 billion , not the low end of the range the panel itself has estimated . "  We also have to think about projects that we start , but are not sure can be finished or sustained , " he said . "  What is the point of spending hundreds of millions on projects that will then fall into disuse ? " he asked , saying the choice then becomes writing off the investment , or "  spending taxpayer money for God knows how long , in order to keep the projects going . " The panel issued 15 recommendations for contract reform , including hiring more auditors and analysts to make sure the government gets what was paid for . The report was delivered to congressional staffers early Wednesday ; lawmakers are on summer break . A paper statement was left with reporters from Rep. John Tierney of Massachusetts , who said the panel 's findings "  are alarming . " Tierney , the ranking Democrat on a House subcommittee that reviews foreign operations , said he will introduce a bill next week "  to create a permanent inspector general for contingency operations . " Such a move is among the recommendations of the commission . Tierney 's statement continued : "  The kind of waste we have witnessed in Iraq and Afghanistan can not be repeated . " The commission was a provision of the 2008 Defense Department budget , mandating an investigation into the reliance on contractors for security , logistics , and reconstruction in Iraq and Afghanistan . In the three-year probe , the panel held 25 formal hearings , and published two interim reports and five special reports to Congress .	Commission on Wartime Contracting issues a final report to Congress U.S. has wasted as much as $ 60B in Iraq , Afghanistan , report says Cuts in auditing government contracts have cost more than they saved Ex-defense comptroller : Questioning particular projects ' value is key
Punjab province , Pakistan  CNN  -- Monsoon has many translations in the various languages spoken across South Asia . But words alone can not describe its power and splendor -- it 's a necessary force of nature , thundering life back into fields parched by endless days of summer , where the rains create lush landscapes of vivid greens and intense marigold . It is awaited with bated breath ; people anticipate the storm , welcome it and embrace its fury . This year the monsoon rains came late but when they did it was with an unrelenting force that brought massive flooding to parts of Pakistan-administered Kashmir and across the plains of Punjab province , wreaking devastation and disaster along the way . So far , more than 400 people have been killed across India and Pakistan , with tens of thousands more displaced . According to Pakistan 's National Disaster Management Authority , "  exceptionally heavy to very heavy rains from September 4 to 7 resulted in exceptionally high flood discharges at various control points on the River Chenab . " The rains have now eased , leaving behind the deep waters from this year 's deluge . On our journey to the city of Jhang in southern Punjab , the road passes along the River Chenab , which literally translates as Moon River . The river has swollen and swallowed entire towns -- and livelihoods . At one point , we see the dome of a mosque peeking up through the waters as displaced families stand helplessly with their livestock on higher ground nearby wondering where to camp for the night . Relief camps On the outskirts of Jhang , a relief camp has been set up by the government . Men mill around by the roadside while the women sit inside the canvas tents , their children running around outside in the foggy heat -- the humidity seems so thick one could slice it with a knife . Pakistan last suffered from massive floods in 2010 when close to one fifth of the country was submerged underwater . This year 's flooding is not as devastating but the outlook is still quite grim . Thirty-five-year-old Mansabdar is angry . Forced to find shelter in the camp , the rage and desperation is palpable in his voice : "  I have nine children , we have been out here for six days . I took nothing with me , we 've only been given water and some rice by the authorities . My village is underwater . When will I be able to go back home ? " Just a few kilometers away from the camp , under an awning , sit representatives from Imran Khan 's Movement for Justice party , an indication of how this calamity is slowly becoming politicized . The city of Jhang lies closest to Trimmu Barrage , through which the Chenab flows . This barrier , which is in place to stem flooding and aid irrigation , has a capacity of 600,000 cusecs , or cubic feet per second , which is the measure for the flow rate of water . But according to Pakistan 's National Disaster Management Agency  NDMA  , on the evening of September 12 , close to 800,000 cusecs of water will pass through the barrage , causing flooding in the surrounding districts of Multan , Muzafargarh , Khanewal , Jhang and Toba Tek Singh . Helicopter perspective CNN was given access to a military rescue helicopter that flew over the flooded areas close to Jhang and near the head of Trimmu Barrage . The muddy waters that had inundated roads , villages and homes went on as far as the eye could see . Our helicopter eventually descended close to the head of the barrage to deliver engines for rescue boats . Lines of tents had been set up on a narrow strip of land along the barrage for the many displaced people in the area . Farzana stood nearby holding her baby ; she had left her home only a day ago . "  We did n't pick up anything , " she said . "  We scooped up our children in our arms and fled . " A group of young boys holding metal water containers dipped their feet into the water . "  School 's out " they said , "  but we miss home . " According to Asif Mughal , an activist for the education campaign Alif Ailaan , 948 schools have closed down in the district of Jhang alone . The government ordered them to be closed on September 5 . It will take close to 20 days for them to reopen , though "  nothing is certain yet , " said Mughal . The scale of the crisis is such that NDMA has now requested assistance from the United National Development Project  UNDP  . Fatima Inayet , a UNDP spokesperson , told CNN "  the UN is discussing with the NDMA the possibility to support the government in carrying out an immediate and detailed assessment . " Until then , many ordinary Pakistanis are on their own . As dusk settled on the road to the city of Multan , which lies to south-west of Jhang , two young men using rubber tires to stay afloat took advantage of the fact that the fish farms nearby had broken open to catch some carp . "  It 's the easiest access to food , " Shaukhat told CNN . "  We do n't know when this is going to end , we must make do with what we get . "	This year the monsoon rains came late but when they did it was with unrelenting force Hundreds of people have been killed , thousands more displaced in India and Pakistan CNN crew traveled in Pakistani military helicopter to witness extent of flooding Muddy waters inundated roads , villages and homes as far as the eye could see
CNN  -- Carrie Underwood continued her reign over the CMT Music Awards on Wednesday night . The platinum-selling singer and former "  American Idol " champion took home the country music ceremony 's top honor , video of the year , for her hit "  See You Again . " It was the fifth time Underwood snagged the award and her third win in a row . Before accepting her buckle , Underwood performed "  Somethin' Bad , " her duet with fellow country superstar Miranda Lambert , who won female video of the year for her tune "  Automatic . " Lambert 's husband , singer and "  The Voice " coach Blake Shelton , scored in the male video category for "  Doin ' What She Likes . " Shelton was also on hand to present Cassadee Pope with the breakthrough video of the year for "  Wasting All These Tears . " Shelton mentored Pope on "  The Voice , " and when she won , an overwhelmed Pope asked , "  What do I do ? " to which Shelton joked , "  still coaching you . " Other winners included Florida Georgia Line , who won duo of the year for "  Round Here " and collaborative video of the year with Luke Bryan for "  This Is How We Roll . " Bryan and Lionel Richie also won the CMT performance of the year awards for "  Oh No/All Night Long . " But the night belonged to the many performances of the evening . Florida Georgia Line , Bryan and pop singer Jason Derulo teamed up for a mashup of their respective hits "  This is How We Roll " and "  Talk Dirty , " while R&B star John Legend , Jennifer Nettles and Hunter Hayes performed a specially arranged version of Legend 's No. 1 hit "  All of Me . " Kacey Musgraves and Lee Ann Womack paid a performance tribute to Alan Jackson , who was honored for his 25 years in the industry with the first CMT Impact Award . Actress Kristen Bell hosted the awards show in Nashville .	Carrie Underwood won again for video of the year Country stars team with other musicians for mashup performances Alan Jackson was honored with the first CMT Impact Award
Hong Kong  CNN  -- On Friday morning , a man walked through the entrance of an elementary school and , without warning , began ruthlessly cutting down children at the school . Before he was subdued , nearly two dozen were hit . While it sounds like the horrific massacre in Connecticut , this attack took place about 8,000 miles away in central China . And while several of the victims were reported in critical condition , none of the 22 children were killed . The 36-year-old suspect in China -- which has strict gun control laws -- attacked the children with a knife , according to local reports . "  The huge difference between this case and the U.S. is not the suspect , nor the situation , but the simple fact he did not have an effective weapon , " said Dr. Ding Xueliang , a Harvard-educated sociologist at the University of Science and Technology in Hong Kong . As the world shares in the horror of the attack that left at least 28 dead , including 20 school children , the attack has rekindled the gun-control debate in the U.S. and international wonder at the propensity of gun-related deaths in America . Police : 20 children among 26 victims of Sandy Hook School shooting "  In terms of the U.S. , there 's much easier availability of killing instruments -- rifles , machine guns , explosives -- than in nearly every other developed country , " Dr. Ding said . "  In the United States , we had 9,000 people killed with guns last year , in similar countries like Germany 170  killed with guns  , in Canada 150 . There 's a reason for that , " Rep. Jerrold Nadler , D-New York , told CNN 's Piers Morgan . "  The proof in the pudding is that in every other industrialized nation except the United States , they have reasonable gun control laws , and they have hundreds of people killed each year -- not 9,000 or 10,000 a year -- killed by guns . " Analysis : Why gun controls are off the agenda in America The United States has , by far , the highest rate of gun ownership in the world , with 88.8 guns per 100 people , followed by Serbia  58.2  , Yemen  54.8  and Finland/Switzerland  45.7 each  , according to GunPolicy.org , an international database at the University of Sydney . While nations such as South Africa , El Salvador and Thailand have much higher rates of gun homicides per year , the United States rate of 3.12 deaths per 100,000 people is the highest among industrialized nations . Read more : How do we stop the violence ? But as the attack in China Friday shows , no nation is immune from incidents of mass violence . In July 2011 , a gunman killed 77 people in a bomb attack and gun rampage in Norway . Anders Behring Breivik was sentenced to 21 years in prison for the crime last August . In 1996 a gunman killed 16 children and their teacher in the town of Dunblane , Scotland . The year before that , 35 people were killed in a shooting in Port Arthur , Tasmania . The attack Friday in China recalled a spate of fatal attacks by knife and cleaver-wielding culprits targeting school children in 2010 . In April that year , Chinese authorities executed a man who killed eight children in a knife attack the month before . There were three more attacks in the same year injuring at least 44 children . Read more : Who was the suspect Adam Lanza ? A number of measures were introduced at the time , including increased security at schools across the country and a regulation requiring people to register with their national ID cards when buying large knives . Dr. Ding , the Hong Kong sociologist , said mainland China schools he has visited in the past two years have beefed up security in the wake of the knife attacks . "  I think these kind of attacks become more frequent in many countries , not just China and U.S. , because of a number of different factors , " Ding said . "  Number one is the increased pressure for individuals . Today 's world is very different from the world we saw 50 years ago ... individuals in their daily life face much more uncertainty , risk , financial pressure and competition . " "  The second thing is we live in a global village now , where the spread of information -- especially bad news -- is so instantaneous , " said Ding , leading to more copycat crimes across the globe . "  I do n't think we should limit the free press ... but people are watching this , they are learning from these kind of attacks . They are becoming more and more organized , better planned -- and that is horrible . " Complete coverage of the Connecticut school shooting	Hours before the U.S. attack , a man injured 22 children in a Chinese school incident Incident illustrates the wide gulf between gun control laws in the U.S. and abroad Attack rekindles international wonder at the propensity of gun-related deaths in America . The United States has , by far , the highest rate of gun ownership in the world
