Los Angeles  CNN  -- The California fertility doctor who implanted a dozen embryos in Nadya Suleman , resulting in the birth of eight babies , will lose his medical license on July 1 , state officials said . The California Medical Board ruled that Dr. Michael Kamrava committed "  gross negligence " with "  repeated negligent acts , for an excessive number of embryo transfers " into Suleman in 2008 . Suleman -- known in the media as "  Octomom " -- was 33 when she gave birth to eight babies in January 2009 . She was a single woman who already had six young children conceived through in-vitro fertilization administered by Kamrava . Kamrava , who began treating Suleman in 1997 , said Suleman demanded all 12 embryos that were available for the procedure . The doctor "  did not think he could refuse to transfer less embryos than those to which N.S. would agree because he believe at the time that the ultimate decision should be largely driven by the patient 's wishes , " the board wrote in the decision released Wednesday . "  While the evidence did not establish  Kamrava  as a maverick or deviant physician , oblivious to standards of care in IVF practices , it certainly demonstrated that he did not exercise sound judgment in the transfer of 12 embryos to patient N.S.  Suleman  , " the board wrote . His lawyer argued during a hearing last October that Kamrava has been "  a respected , excellent physician and surgeon for 25 years , " but that he "  ran into sort of a perfect storm with one of his patients . " Kamrava was also found guilty of gross negligence in two other cases , including his treatment of a woman on her late 40s who became pregnant with quadruplets after he implanted seven embryos . Her pregnancy was "  rocked with complications , " according to the medical board . Another case was a missed cancer diagnosis for a patient with an abnormal lab report . It was revealed during Kamrava 's revocation hearing last October that Suleman still has 29 frozen embryos in storage available for her use should she want more children . The complaint said the doctor should have referred Suleman to a mental health physician after she repeatedly returned to him for treatments shortly after each of her pregnancies . Kamrava , an obstetrician/gynecologist in Beverly Hills , California , was expelled from the American Society for Reproductive Medicine in 2009 for what the fertility medical society called "  a pattern of behavior that violated the group 's standards . " The society recommends implanting no more than two embryos for women under 35 and no more than five for women over 40 -- who have more trouble getting pregnant -- according to guidelines published on its website . Giving birth to extreme multiples comes with tremendous risks for the mother and the babies , including "  complications with pregnancy , prematurity and long-term consequences of that , " Dr. Victor Fujimoto , an expert witness called by the medical board , testified . Suleman 's children -- six boys and two girls born nine weeks premature -- all went home after an extended stay in the hospital . While there has been no indication any problems have emerged , "  we still do n't know , " Fujimoto said .	State medical board rules Dr. Michael Kamrava committed "  gross negligence " Doctor had implanted 12 embryos in woman , who gave birth to 8 Nadya Suleman demanded all 12 embryos , the doctor says The license revocation takes effect July 1
CNN  -- The last time Wales won a Six Nations rugby international at England 's home stronghold , the team went on to claim the 2008 title and complete a grand slam of victories against all competing countries . Four years on , Warren Gatland 's men are looking odds-on to repeat that success after snatching a 19-12 victory at Twickenham on Saturday for a third successive win in this year 's tournament . Substitute Scott Williams ' moment of late individual brilliance helped Wales come from 12-6 down , and a desperate try-saving tackle in the corner by fellow center Jonathan Davies condemned defending champions England to a first defeat under interim coach Stuart Lancaster . The Welsh were the best of the British nations at last year 's World Cup , reaching the semifinals before a heartbreaking defeat against eventual runners-up France in which captain Sam Warburton was sent off . England , however , had a disappointing time on and off the pitch , losing to France in the quarterfinals before an investigation into a series of incidents involving the players ended with 2003 World Cup winner Martin Johnson standing down as coach and ructions in the boardroom . Lancaster made a positive start with his new-look team , grinding out wins against Scotland and Italy , and four penalties from young new fly-half Owen Farrell gave the coach hope of another victory . However , Wales fought back from the second-half sin-binning of Farrell 's opposing No. 10 Rhys Priestland and drew level with fullback Leigh Halfpenny 's fourth successful kick . Then Williams stole the show in the 76th minute as he ripped the ball away from England replacement Courtney Lawes , kicked downfield and gathered the ball for the game 's only try , which Halfpenny converted . England roared back down the other end and threatened to score , but after spinning the ball out wide to the right , winger David Strettle was held up over the line -- forcing a decision from the video referee , which went in Wales ' favor . "  We knew it would be the toughest game and it was so tough . We are over the moon to get the Triple Crown here , " Warburton said after his team followed up victories over Scotland and Ireland . "  I am not going to say what the last team who won here in 2008 went on to do but people involved with that team say we have a really strong squad this time around . However , we will set aside thoughts of that and the Italy game in a fortnight and enjoy this for the moment . " Earlier on Saturday , Ireland ended a run of three home defeats by beating Italy 42-10 in Dublin for the 2009 champions ' first win this season . Winger Tommy Bowe scored two of his side 's five tries , while Jonathon Sexton kicked 17 points as the visitors lost for the third successive time . France -- the only other unbeaten team so far , albeit after having played only one game -- will visit winless Scotland on Sunday . Les Bleus ' postponed match against Ireland will take place next weekend while the other nations rest .	Wales beat England 19-12 for third successive victory in the Six Nations Championship Replacement center Scott Williams conjures up the only try of the game at Twickenham England suffer first defeat of the tournament under interim coach Stuart Lancaster Ireland win first match of competition , beating bottom team Italy 42-10 in Dublin
CNN  -- Nine weeks after Angelina Jolie underwent a double mastectomy to prevent cancer , the actress had another surgery to reconstruct her breasts using implants . "  There have been many advances in this procedure in the last few years , and the results can be beautiful , " Jolie wrote in her op-ed piece for The New York Times . Breast reconstruction is not right for everyone , says CNN contributor Dr. Anthony Youn , a plastic surgeon in Detroit . But studies have shown that women who undergo immediate reconstruction following a mastectomy benefit psychologically . "  To most women , their breasts are really a part of how they see themselves , " Youn says . "  When you take it away ... it 's like you 're losing a part of yourself and a part of what you identify with as being a woman . " Infographic : Breast reconstruction options The majority of patients who want to proceed with reconstruction have options available , says Dr. Colleen McCarthy , a surgeon at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York . There are two main types to choose from : implants or reconstruction using the patient 's own tissue . Some patients have a history of radiation treatments for breast cancer , which may prevent them from receiving implants  radiation can cause scarring , which makes the skin less flexible  ; others do n't have enough donor tissue available on their body to use in a reconstruction . Otherwise the decision is left up to the patient 's preference , McCarthy says . Five reasons we love Angelina Jolie If the patient chooses to have breast implants , there are usually two procedures involved . The first is done to place a tissue expander under the muscle in the breast cavity . Over the next few months , the expander is injected with saline regularly to stretch the muscle . "  If you just put an implant into the breast , it 's basically going to sag because there 's nothing to hold it up , " Youn explains . This option allows the patient to decide what size implants she 's most comfortable with , McCarthy says . "  Women who choose implant reconstruction will often choose to go slightly smaller or larger  than their original breast size  , depending on how much the skin stretches , " she says . Tough choices in fight against breast cancer gene The second implant surgery involves placing the permanent implant -- either filled with silicone gel or saline -- in the enlarged cavity . This procedure generally takes between 1.5 and 3 hours , Youn says . "  It 's typically easier , less painful and less invasive " than the second option utilizing the patient 's own tissue , he says . Breast implants are not lifelong devices , according to the Food and Drug Administration . A tear in the silicone shell can cause a leak . Saline implants will visibly show the leak by sagging ; the FDA recommends silicone gel implant patients get a follow-up MRI every couple of years . The second option is a more complex surgery and has a longer recovery period . Patients generally choose it because it 's done in a single procedure and they want a more natural result , McCarthy says . Breasts reconstructed with the patient 's tissue are softer and will age like a normal breast . What is the BRCA gene ? In this procedure , tissue is taken from the patient -- most often from their abdominal area -- and moved to the breast . This can be done with muscle or without , and there are several ways to keep blood flowing to the tissue , McCarthy says . These decisions depend on how much tissue and/or blood flow is available for the surgeon to work with . "  Other options include  taking  tissue from the back , thigh and buttocks , " she says . The Women 's Health and Cancer Rights Act of 1998 ensures all reconstruction services are covered by insurance . That includes any surgery that needs to be done on the opposite breast to make them symmetrical and any nipple reconstruction procedures . Almost 80 % of patients have nipple reconstruction done following a breast reconstruction surgery , according to the Mayo Clinic . Youn takes skin from the breast to recreate the nipple . He then sends his patients to a tattoo artist who will fill in the darker color to create the areola . With both types of breast reconstruction the patient will retain some sensation . But numbness is to be expected afterward , Youn says . Why more women are choosing double mastectomies	Angelina Jolie opted to have breast implants following her double mastectomy Another option is to have breasts reconstructed from the patient 's own tissue Both procedures have their positives and negatives , Dr. Colleen McCarthy says
CNN  -- Officially billed as The Woodstock Music and Art Fair , An Aquarian Exposition , the festival that came to be known , simply , as Woodstock is the stuff of legend . Friday marks the 45th anniversary of Woodstock , which took place from August 15-18 , 1969 . Woodstock did n't take place in Woodstock , New York , but in Bethel , about 60 miles away . "  It was really called Woodstock because  festival co-creator  Mike Lang thought it had the right vibe , " Bob Spitz , journalist and author of "  Barefoot in Babylon : The Creation of the Woodstock Music Festival , 1969 " told CNN . "  Woodstock was where Bob Dylan lived , " said Spitz , "  It 's where The Band hung out and he just liked the whole feel of the word . No matter where they were gon na have it , it was always going to be the Woodstock Music and Art Fair . Everything about Woodstock has to do with the vibe . " 2009 : Folk singer Richie Havens remembers Woodstock Max Yasgur provided Woodstock 's venue by leasing out his 600-acre dairy farm near the hamlet of White Lake in the Catskill Mountain community of Bethel , New York , 100 miles north of Manhattan . The posters promised "  3 Days of Peace & Music , " but the festival 's initial concept "  depends on who you talk to , " said Spitz . Lang and festival promoter Artie Kornfeld wanted to have a blowout that was "  the biggest party the counterculture had ever seen , " said Spitz . "  If you talk to their partners , John Roberts and Joel Rosenman , who were the money guys , it was to make a lot of money . " For the crowd of 350,000 to 450,000 young people in attendance , Woodstock was all about peace and love , and that 's no myth . "  The entire Woodstock festival was peaceful and the kids were respectful because of one word : marijuana , " said Spitz . "  Everybody was high . If it had been other drugs it would 've been chaos . But because of dope and LSD , everything was peaceful there for those three days . " Festival organizers who had been expecting a crowd of 80,000 to 100,000 people were blindsided when quadruple the crowd showed up . No one was prepared for a surplus of 300,000 people . With no system in place to charge them , Woodstock became a free event . Cars within a five-mile radius were at a standstill . New York Gov. Nelson Rockefeller declared a state of emergency in White Lake . By Woodstock 's second day , authorities publicly pleaded for anyone who might be on their way to the festival to turn around and go home . Eventually no one could get out or in unless they needed to be airlifted . Festival managers scrambled to fly in 30 extra physicians from New York City . Santana vocalist Gregg Rolie spoke to CNN while promoting the Blu-ray release of the director 's cut of the 1970 Academy Award-winning documentary "  Woodstock : 3 Days of Peace and Music . " Rolie recalled arriving with the other members of Santana via helicopter . "  We flew in because everybody parked on the highway , " said Rolie . "  It was kinda like ` Close Encounters ' or ` Field of Dreams , ' you know ? ` If you build it , they will come . ' The highways were closed . Upstate New York was like a parking lot . So we had to fly in on helicopters . " Santana 's appearance is considered one of the festival highlights . The band played early on , before the first of two downpours that reduced Yasgur 's alfalfa field to a sloppy , slippery slew of mud puddles . All of Santana 's music was new at the time and the band was virtually unknown . They had not yet released their first album . Woodstock is credited for jumpstarting Santana 's career . "  If you played at Woodstock , you had a career , " said Rolie , who had no idea that the festival 's legacy would resonate so powerfully 45 years later . Woodstock 's lineup also included Joan Baez , Jefferson Airplane , Janis Joplin , Crosby , Stills , Nash & Young ; Joe Cocker , Creedence Clearwater Revival and The Band , among others . Jimi Hendrix closed the festival . By the time he began his Monday morning set , which included his celebrated rendition of "  The Star-Spangled Banner , " the crowd had thinned out to 200,000 . Many had to get to work , school , wanted to get a jump on the traffic or simply could not endure the close quarters any longer . Even so , Hendrix had never performed in front of such a big group before and nearly bailed . Although Woodstock has been lifted onto a pedestal in certain ways , by all accounts the festival lived up to the fable . The fairy tale , though largely drug-laden , was a reality for those in attendance . iReport : Hazy memories of Woodstock It can be difficult to connect the storybook reality with Woodstock 's harsher realities like overflowed toilets , lack of food and water , and a makeshift , 20-bed hospital tent to accommodate roughly 3,000 medical emergencies . A tractor crushed a teenage boy in a sleeping bag , fatally wounding him . One young man died of a heroin overdose , another died of a burst appendix . A young woman broke her back falling off of stage scaffolding . In addition , there were about 400 bad acid trips , sprained ankles from sliding in the mud , and many a gashed foot as a result of stepping barefoot on broken glass . Two babies were born , too . One child arrived in traffic en route to the festival , and the other was delivered in a hospital after the mother was airlifted out of the field . A lot of sex was going on at Woodstock and , according to Spitz , a lot of women forgot to pack their birth control so supplies of birth control pills were flown in . For an event where facilities were strained far past capacity , not a single fight or incident of violence erupted among the crowd , which endured near-unbearable conditions . Town elders , residents , shopkeepers and local police could n't get over how courteous and considerate the kids were -- all 450,000 or so of them . Woodstock 's financial backers were not so lucky . They took a bath -- and not a mud one -- to the tune of $ 1.3 million . Spitz called Woodstock "  the beginning of the end of the '60s " because it , along with the moon landing , represented a bright period after the deaths of John F. Kennedy , Malcolm X , the Rev. Martin Luther King , Jr. and Robert Kennedy , and before the breakup of the Beatles and the deaths of Janis Joplin , Jimi Hendrix and Jim Morrison . Woodstock is legendary for many reasons , but what made it magical was the value people placed on one another . "  If these are the kids that are going to inherit the world , " Max Yasgur said at the time , "  I do n't fear for it . "	The fabled Woodstock Music and Art Fair took place 45 years ago this week There were massive crowds and bands like The Grateful Dead Despite rain and lack of food , water and working toilets , it really was "  3 Days of Peace & Music "
CNN  -- A Spanish grandmother who became an Internet sensation after dubbing herself the "  world 's oldest blogger " has died at 97 . Maria Amelia Lopez became an Internet sensation with her riffs on growing old and modern politics . Maria Amelia Lopez , who died Wednesday , began blogging from her home in Galicia two years ago , winning a raft of fans with her eclectic mix of commentary and nostalgia infused with a sharp wit . She was introduced to the Internet when her grandson set up the blog as a gift to mark her 95th birthday . It proved a great escape , Lopez later writing : "  On December 23rd 2006 , my grandson gave me a present , this blog when I was 95 years old ... and my life changed ... now , I can communicate and interact with the world . " She wrote and video blogged about her experiences opposing Franco 's regime , modern politics -- covering topics ranging from the Basque separatist threat to Iran 's nuclear ambitions -- and poignantly discussed what it was like to grow old . Her fame even saw Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero drop in for a chat . Visit Maria Amelia Lopez 's blog In one of her last postings in February she said : "  When I 'm on the Internet , I forget about my illness . The distraction is good for you -- being able to communicate with people . It wakes up the brain , and gives you great strength . " Her family left a posthumous post , thanking readers for their support . " -LSB- There were -RSB- 880 days when her blog made her happy ... the support she needed to enjoy her last days of life , " they wrote . "  When somebody leaves after 97 years , living with joy from the beginning to the end , we ca n't be sad . "  Wherever you are , grandmother , you will read these comments , all of them without doubt . She will laugh at some , will learn with others , she might get annoyed at the specific ` language ' used in some ... but she will be happy reading all of them . "	Spanish grandmother became Internet sensation after she starting blogging at 95 Maria Amelia Lopez wrote about her life and modern politics Her popularity saw Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero drop by
CNN  -- The man who allegedly lit an explosive on board a U.S.-bound international flight deserves none of the constitutional protections afforded American citizens , a former top Bush administration official said Monday . Tom Ridge , who served as secretary of the Department of Homeland Security from 2003 to 2005 , made the comments on CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " "  I take a look at this individual who has been charged criminally , does that mean he gets his Miranda warnings ? The only information we get is if he volunteers it ? " Ridge said . "  He 's not a citizen of this country . He 's a terrorist , and I do n't think he deserves the full range of protections of our criminal justice system embodied in the Constitution of the United States . " Ridge also said he was "  not surprised " about reports that two former detainees in the detention center at the U.S. Naval Base in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , had joined up with the group that claimed responsibility for Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab 's failed terrorist attack . "  It 's a symptom of a larger challenge that this country has , and that 's how do you adjudicate these individuals that we pick up from these places and make a determination if they should be incarcerated for a long time , if not permanently , " he said . Muhamad Attik al-Harbi , also known as Muhamad al-Awfi , and Said Ali Shari were released to Saudi Arabia in 2007 by the Bush administration . The two went through a "  rehabilitation " program in Saudi Arabia but returned to the militants . U.S. officials , however , cautioned that the two could not be connected with Friday 's attack . Ridge told King that the country is "  clearly ... safer , but it 's equally clear , given the several incidents that have occurred in the last couple of months in this country , that we still have very serious gaps in information-sharing . " "  What are we going to do to make sure more information , particularly with that kind of information that sends warning signals out , gets to the people that can act on it ? " he said . "  Whether you 're in the battlefield in Iraq or Afghanistan or a screener at the airport , you need actionable information . I 'm not sure all this information was in the hands of TSA at the time . " Ridge also questioned why the State Department did not revoke AbdulMutallab 's visa upon learning that his father had reported his son might have terrorist connections . "  Why the State Department did n't revoke his visa immediately is beyond belief , in my judgment , " he said . "  But at the heart of this , it 's a clash of cultures and institutional challenge . -LSB- The Department of Homeland Security -RSB- can only act on information it has , and they did n't have all the information at its disposal . " The former secretary was less critical of current Secretary Janet Napolitano than many other Republicans for comments she made praising the way some protocols had worked . "  I do n't think any right-thinking person actually believed that Secretary Napolitano thought the system worked , " he said . "  Obviously , it was flawed . I think what she was referring to was that after the incident occurred , there are certain procedures and protocols to put in place . That worked smoothly . "	Tom Ridge , secretary of homeland security 2003-05 , appears on "  Larry King Live " He comments on Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , suspect in failed airline attack Ridge : "  I do n't think he deserves the full range of protections of our criminal justice system " He passes on criticism of Janet Napolitano , current chief of Homeland Security
The story was horrific : An 8-year-old girl died from internal injuries suffered on her wedding night with a 40-year-old man . It caused outrage -- and numerous calls to end child marriage in Yemen . Authorities have denied the claims , saying she was neither married nor injured , and they held a news conference and paraded a girl they claimed was "  Rawan , " accompanied by a man they described as her father . Despite the conflicting reports between local residents and government officials , some say , the story sheds light on the issue of child marriage . "  We do not want the government 's denial on this case to halt the international efforts to pressure the Yemeni government to end child marriage , " said Hooria Mashhour , Yemen 's human rights minister . "  The efforts need to continue until a law is passed to end this practice . " "  The story of Rawan was completely fabricated . After investigating , we came to a conclusion that she was alive and healthy , " said Mosleh Ezzi , head of prosecution in the northern town of Haradh , where the incident reportedly happened . "  She attended the press conference with her father and friends who all supported her in these tough times , " Ezzi told CNN , adding that "  medical tests proved that Rawan is still a virgin and was never married . " Yemeni national security chief Ali Hassan Al-Ahmadi said he directed local authorities to find the girl and identify her . "  I can ensure that she had indeed suffered no harm , " Al-Ahmadi said . When reports emerged last week that she died a few days after being married off to a 40-year-old man , Yemenis were horrified . International outrage quickly grew as the alleged incident highlighted once again the controversial issue of child marriage in the nation , where the practice is still legal . Residents told local media that Rawan died of internal bleeding , believed to be the result of sexual intercourse that tore her uterus and other organs . But confusion surrounded the case from the start , with residents telling CNN that she had died , while officials insisted she was alive and well . Mashhour , the human rights minister , said growing anger over the case presents an opportunity to enact laws to end child marriage in the nation once and for all . She said the push has faced many hurdles . "  Unfortunately , many factions in the government today are fighting our efforts to end child marriage , and that is why international pressure is needed , " she said . Yemeni child rights advocate Ahmed Al-Qureshi , who 'd investigated the case for more than two weeks , said that while no evidence showed Rawan had been married and had died , child marriage remains a crisis in the nation . "  This case was fabricated , but many other cases of child marriage are true and tragic , " Al-Qureshi said . In deeply tribal and conservative Yemen , the issue of child marriage is complicated . Human Rights Watch says more than half of all young girls there are married before age 18 . About 14 % are married before age 15 . Many Yemenis say they are forced to sell off their girls to older , wealthier men . When reports of Rawan 's case began making headlines , the group issued a statement urging Yemen to protect girls by setting 18 as the legal minimum age for marriage . "  The current political transition and drafting process for a new constitution offer a unique opportunity for the Yemeni government to enact laws protecting the rights of girls , " Human Rights Watch said . Yemen should step in to end the practice , the group said . "  Thousands of Yemeni girls have their childhood stolen and their futures destroyed because they are forced to marry too young , " said Liesl Gerntholtz from Human Rights Watch . "  The Yemeni government should end this abusive practice . " In 2009 , the Yemeni parliament passed legislation raising the minimum age of marriage to 17 . But conservative parliamentarians argued the bill violated Islamic law , which does not stipulate a minimum age . The bill was never signed . Activist groups and politicians are still trying change the law , but more than 100 leading religious clerics have said restricting the age of marriage is "  un-Islamic . " Over the past few years , several Yemeni child bride cases have left the world stunned . In 2008 , Nujood Ali , 10 , became an international sensation when she went to a Sanaa court and asked a judge for a divorce . After a highly publicized trial , she was granted one . Two years later , a 12-year-old Yemeni bride died of internal bleeding following intercourse three days after she was married off to an older man , according to the United Nations Children 's Fund . Over the summer , a video of Nada Al-Ahdal , 11 , accusing her parents of trying to marry her off in exchange for money , was uploaded to YouTube and quickly went viral . Her parents denied the story , and children 's rights activists questioned the veracity of her claims . But the video was still viewed by millions of people .	In Yemen , authorities say the story of the death of an 8-year-old bride is false Last week , there were reports that she died days after being married off to a 40-year-old man Activists calling for the end to such marriages say the story sheds light on the issue Yemen should end the practice , Human Rights Watch says , but cultural practices are in the way
CNN  Words matter . Especially in Iran , where what is permissible -- to say , to do , to be seen as saying or doing -- is an ever-changing thing . It took us many years of trying to finally be allowed into Iran , the country with whom the United States has probably its most contentious relationship . At the time , we thought that perhaps our welcome was an indicator of a new attitude , an opening of a window . But as it turned out , that is probably not the case . The window appeared to slam shut in particularly ugly fashion shortly after our departure . What we saw , what we came back with , is a deeply confusing story . Because the Iran you see from the inside , once you walk the streets of Tehran , meet Iranians , is a very different place than the Iran we know from the news . Nowhere else I 've been has the disconnect been so extreme between what one sees and feels from the people and what one sees and hears from the government . Iran 's official attitude toward America , its policies , its actions in the region , are a matter of record . How it treats its own citizens , as far as their personal behaviors , also is a matter of record . You do not want to be perceived as behaving inappropriately in Iran -- as we have seen with the recent video of kids dancing along to the song , "  Happy . " And what is inappropriate is an ever-shifting thing . What the "  government " or the president says is OK one day might be deemed dangerous or unacceptable by the clergy or the "  basij " , the roving , unofficial but official religious police , on another -- as we came to find out .	Anthony Bourdain explores an Iran few Americans have visited since the 1980s "  What we saw , what we came back with , is a deeply confusing story , " he says There 's a stark difference in impressions of the people versus the government
Editor 's note : Glenn Beck is on CNN Headline News nightly at 7 and 9 ET and also hosts a conservative national radio talk show . "  If you have any respect for humanity , you should n't be wearing a Che Guevara T-shirt , " Glenn Beck says . NEW YORK  CNN  -- What T-shirt should you wear when you need to blend in with terrorists ? Incredibly , we have an answer to that question . Robin Meade conducted an exclusive interview that aired this past weekend on Headline News with Thomas Howes , Keith Stansell and Marc Gonsalves , three of the 15 now-former captives of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia . It is a leftist terror group that has specialized in kidnapping during its war with the Colombian state and capitalism in general . After their plane crashed , the captives spent five torturous years hoping to see their families again , at times being locked in boxes at night around rats , pigs and bats . Sometimes they had weights chained around their neck and were led around at gunpoint with a dog leash . Upon finally escaping , Keith Stansell emotionally described the moment he laid eyes on his 5-year-old twins for the first time . It took a rescue by the Colombian Army to reunite them with freedom and probably save their lives . The army posed as terrorists , persuading FARC to turn the prisoners over to them , saving 15 innocent victims of the brutal terrorism that has ripped Colombia apart for years . But how did this happen ? How did FARC get fooled ? Colombian Army members infiltrated the highest levels of the organization , telling FARC they were going to take the hostages to meet an "  international mission . " They landed in a helicopter and spent 22 minutes on the ground collecting the captives and speaking in code to one another before taking off and letting the victims  who included a former Colombian presidential candidate  know that they were safe . So , what is the uniform of choice when fooling terrorists in Colombia ? Sure , there 's plenty of talk of one intelligence team member , nervous about the mission , who wore a Red Cross symbol against orders . But other accounts confirm the use of something you can probably pick up at any mall : a Che Guevara T-shirt . That 's right , the same T-shirts you see Hollywood celebrities , starving pseudo-artists and confused hipster teens wearing around local coffee shops . To all those who decide that you want to be coffee house communist-chic , remember this : When you are wearing a Che T-shirt , you 're wearing the same shirt that makes terrorists believe you 're just one of the gang . I hope that latte is tasty . How Che became such a revered superhero of the hard-core left is laughable . First of all , he was n't even a good revolutionary . He failed in his attempt at world revolution almost as badly as communism has failed in the places it was actually tried . "  This is a history of a failure " is how he himself described his efforts in the Congo . He was killed in Bolivia , trying to fire up another failure of a war . Earlier , he even managed to drop his gun and shoot himself in the face . But more important than his incompetence is the fact that the man was a mass killer . Hundreds were reportedly executed on his watch , and that does n't include the deaths incurred in the wars he was constantly trying to start . He described his maniacal lust for war in his writings , saying he savored "  the acrid smell of gunpowder and blood of the enemy 's death . " How this guy is a hero to the anti-war crowd is truly perplexing . I should also point out what seemingly gets eliminated from the Hollywood movies attempting to glorify him : his bouts with racism . When describing the differences in the strife between "  Europeans " and "  the black , " the supposedly progressive-minded Che wrote , "  their different attitudes of life separate them completely : the black is indolent and fanciful , he spends his money on frivolity and drink ; the European comes from a tradition of working and saving which follows him to this corner of America and drives him to get ahead . " Ohhhhh , so the "  European " is a hard worker while "  the black " is a fanciful drunk . Now I understand the difference . I wonder if that quote would inspire the volunteer office of Barack Obama 's Houston supporters to remove their Che flag . After it was spotted on the wall in a local news video , Obama 's campaign , far from a haven for right-wing nut jobs , went out of its way to make sure everyone knew that it had nothing to do with the flag and did n't approve of its use . If Che were such a hero , why would that be necessary ? Revisionist history 's fusion with fashion sense is n't exactly new , but its popularity seems to be growing . When actress Cameron Diaz showed up in Peru , she thought she had a trendy bag that might garner some jealous stares . People were staring , sure , but for all the wrong reasons . The bag , purchased in China , featured a red star and the words "  Serve the people " on it . The problem ? That was Mao Zedong 's most famous political slogan , and it stirred up memories of the Maoist Shining Path insurgency , which , according to the BBC , was responsible for 70,000 deaths in Peru during the '80s and '90s . Diaz apologized later for "  inadvertently " offending anyone . It 's been five years since the story of convicted abortion clinic bomber and Olympic park bomber Eric Rudolph led the news . As he was evading police capture for months , stories of townspeople donning "  Run Rudolph Run " bumper stickers were correctly greeted with horrified disdain . With the exception of the fact that Che killed a lot more people , what 's the difference ? You should n't be wearing an "  I heart abortion clinic bombers " T-shirt , and if you have any respect for humanity , you should n't be wearing a Che Guevara T-shirt , either . Perhaps I should cash in on a Che T-shirt featuring his clichéd image too . Except this time , instead of glorifying him , it could specifically be designed to point out his pathetic and brutal legacy . Honestly , though , I 'm afraid I 'd be sued . The communist revolutionary who dedicated his life to fight capitalism has now become nothing more than a piece of merchandise . Lesson learned : In the end , capitalism always wins . When your only option is a Che shirt , maybe it 's just better to go topless . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	The Colombian Army infiltrated highest level of terror group to free 15 hostages Beck : Uniform of choice when fooling terrorists in Colombia is Che Guevara T-shirt Che , who was a "  revered superhero , " was n't even a good revolutionary , Beck says Beck : Instead of glorifying him , Che T-shirt could depict "  pathetic and brutal legacy "
EW.com  -- The Producers Guild of America has announced its 10 nominees for Best Picture of the Year , and along with expected contenders like "  The Artist , " "  War Horse , " "  The Descendants , " "  The Help , " and "  Hugo " were two minor surprises : "  The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo " and "  The Ides of March . " Left off the list , meanwhile , were "  Drive , " "  Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close , " and most interestingly , "  The Tree of Life . " That polarizing film , which has done well in the critics awards so far , clearly takes the biggest hit in the overall Oscar race and is no longer a sure thing for a Best Picture nomination . Last year , the PGA honorees matched the eventual Best Picture nominees nine for 10 , but this year it may not be as easy to compare the two -- the Academy 's new voting rules dictate that there will be somewhere between five and 10 Best Picture nominees this go-round , depending on how many films receive at least 5 percent of the overall No. 1 votes . The PGA awards will take place on Jan. 21 ; all the nominees are listed below . Best Picture The Artist Bridesmaids The Descendants The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo The Help Hugo The Ides of March Midnight in Paris Moneyball War Horse Best Animated Film The Adventures of Tintin Cars 2 Kung Fu Panda 2 Puss in Boots Rango Best Documentary Beats , Rhymes & Life : The Travels of A Tribe Called Quest Bill Cunningham New York Project Nim Senna The Union Long-form Television Cinema Verite Downton Abbey The Kennedys Mildred Pierce Too Big to Fail TV Comedy 30 Rock The Big Bang Theory Glee Modern Family Parks and Recreation TV Drama Boardwalk Empire Dexter Game of Thrones The Good Wife Mad Men Live Entertainment & Talk The Colbert Report The Ellen DeGeneres Show Real Time with Bill Maher Saturday Night Live The 64th Annual Tony Awards Competition Television The Amazing Race American Idol Dancing With the Stars Project Runway Top Chef Non-Fiction TV 30 for 30 American Masters Anthony Bourdain : No Reservations Deadliest Catch Undercover Boss See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Expected contenders are "  The Artist , " "  War Horse , " "  The Descendants , " "  The Help " Left off the list , meanwhile , were "  Drive , " "  Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close " "  The Tree of Life " is no longer a sure thing for a Best Picture nomination
Time  -- In April , the Food and Drug Administration  FDA  updated the warning to finasteride , Merck & Co. 's drug marketed to treat both male pattern baldness  Propecia  and enlarged prostate  Proscar  . The new warnings noted that the sexual side effects associated with the medication , including problems with libido , ejaculations and orgasm , could last even after patients stop taking the drug . Now a new study published in the Journal of Sexual Medicine finds that side effects may not only continue after stopping finasteride , but they may last for months or even years . In the study , Dr. Michael Irwig of George Washington University and his colleagues surveyed 54 men under age 40 who reported experiencing side effects for three months or more after stopping the medication Propecia . The patients reported a variety of sexual problems including erectile dysfunction , low libido , trouble having an orgasm , and shrinking and painful genitals . Some men also reported neurological problems like depression , anxiety and cognitive haziness . Time.com : FDA warns statin users of memory loss and diabetes risks For 96 % of the men , the sexual problems lasted more than a year after they quit using the drug . None of the men had sexual , medical or psychiatric complaints before taking Propecia . The study sample was small and the authors acknowledge that it may be skewed to include only men who were most negatively impacted by the drug . Most of the participants were recruited through an Internet forum called Propeciahelp.com , for men experiencing persistent side effects . Still , the authors argue their findings may signal potentially serious risks for men using finasteride . "  Our findings make me suspicious that this drug may have done permanent damage to these men , " Irwig told ABC News . The FDA 's updated warning labels for finasteride were based on a review of post-marketing reports of sexual dysfunction . The agency reviewed 421 post-marketing reports of sexual side effects related to Propecia from 1998 to 2011 ; out of these cases , 59 reported adverse sexual effects lasting over three months after discontinuing the drug . For Proscar , the FDA reviewed 131 cases of erectile dysfunction and 68 cases of decreased libido from 1992 to 2010 . As Healthland reported in April : Finasteride labels will now warn users that Propecia 's side effects can include libido disorders , ejaculation disorders , and orgasm disorders that continue after discontinuation of the drug and that Proscar can lead to decreased libido that continues after quitting the drug . Both medications will receive a new description of reports of male infertility and poor semen quality that normalized or improved after stopping therapy . "  Despite the fact that clear causal links between finasteride  Propecia and Proscar  and sexual adverse events have not been established , the cases suggest a broader range of adverse effects than previously reported in patients taking these drugs , " the FDA said in a statement . Time.com : Study finds pattern in male baldness : Could there be a cure ? Irwig acknowledges that the number of men experiencing long-lasting side effects from finasteride is small , although the incidence of sexual side effects in clinical trials was around 2 % , the incidence of persistent sexual side effects is unknown , but likely less than 0.1 % . "  But because the medication is prescribed so commonly , it 's still a lot of people , likely several thousand men around the world , " Irwig told ABC News . Both the FDA and Merck maintain that finasteride is safe and effective . This article originally appeared on Time.com : Propecia problems : Baldness drug linked with long-lasting sexual side effects & copy 2012 TIME , Inc. . TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc. . Used with permission .	Study finds side effects of finasteride may continue months after stopping medication 96 % of subjects ' sexual problems lasted more than a year after stopping medication Study authors believe finasteride may do permanent damage FDA labels will now warn users of post-use sexual side effects
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Two Nigerian trade unions accused the country 's president of using "  armed thugs " to attack protesters , and urged demonstrators to continue their nationwide strike against high fuel prices on Wednesday and beyond . "  In a Mubarak-style response to the peoples ' protests , the Jonathan administration brought into Abuja , thugs armed with various weapons including guns , " the Nigeria Labour Congress and the Trade Union Congress of Nigeria said in a joint statement late Tuesday night . The unions were comparing President Goodluck Jonathan to former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak , who is accused of ordering security forces to fire on protesters in Egypt last year . "  Labour warns the Presidency that it will be held responsible for whatever atrocities these thugs commit , " the statement said . "  We call on Nigerians to continue the strikes , rallies and protests ... Wednesday ... and subsequent days until the Jonathan government listens to the voice of the Nigerian People . " Government spokesman Reuben Abati denied the accusations and said negotiations between the labor unions and the government are under way . "  If these claims are properly investigated , you will find out that failed and bitter politicians have not only hijacked this protest , but have diverted it from a protest against deregulation policy , " he said Reuben Abati . Wednesday will mark day three of the strike , which was spurred by a government decision to remove fuel subsidies -- a move that resulted in more than doubled fuel prices in the largely impoverished country . So far , clashes have left at least 16 people dead and 205 injured , according to a tally collected by the Nigerian Red Cross Tuesday . The strike , continued religious violence in the north and a long-simmering separatist movement are all issues that have created growing problems for Jonathan and fueled tensions on the street . The southern state of Edo was a focus for much of the violence , according to the Red Cross , with five people killed and 83 injured . "  Revolution has come to Nigeria and the youth will spearhead it . Until our demands are met , we are ready to protest every day and make sacrifice , " said Eromo Egbejule , a Nigerian freelance journalist . Other violence erupted in northern Nigeria Tuesday and Wednesday , although it was unclear whether the incidents were related to the strike . In Yobe state , four people died Wednesday after two gunmen on a motorcycle stopped next to a car filling up at a gas station and opened fire on the occupants in the town of Potiskum , about 600 kilometers northeast of Abuja , said Lawan Tanko , Yobe state police commissioner . "  We do n't know if it 's Boko Haram or other criminal elements , " he said . "  We are still investigating . " The victims ' ethnic groups had not been confirmed , he said . Boko Haram , a shadowy militant Islamic group that is said to favor strict Sharia law , is frequently blamed for sectarian violence . Also in Yobe state , eight people drinking in an open-area bar , including a police officer , were shot to death Tuesday by several unidentified gunmen in Potiskum , Tanko said . The gunmen opened fire without announcing their presence , he said . No one has claimed responsibility , and police are not sure who was behind the attack , he said . In a recent address , Jonathan tried to explain the need for ending the subsidies , telling Nigerians that the government would invest the money in the country 's crumbling infrastructure . "  My fellow Nigerians , the truth is that we 're faced with two basic choices with regards to the management of the petroleum sector , " Jonathan said . "  Survive economically or continue with a subsidy regime that will continue to undermine our economy . " Some analysts say the changes could help Nigeria in the future . "  If they 're prepared to try this petroleum subsidy removal then perhaps they can push through electricity reform too . If they do that , Nigeria 's growth can be instead of 7 % -8 % a year , 10 % or 11 % , " said Charlie Robertson , a chief economist at the global investment firm Renaissance Capital . But assurances from the president did not allay fears from many Nigerians who do not trust the government to use the money to improve the country 's infrastructure . Many Nigerians view the subsidy as the only benefit of living in an oil-producing country that has little infrastructure , poor roads , high unemployment and intermittent electric power . "  Though we know that in the long run , removal of  the  subsidy will help the economy , for now it is a high-profile lifestyle that is unbearable for most Nigerians , and soon the poorer ones will die out , " said protester Diane Awunah . CNN 's John Defterios , Jack Maddox and Michael Saba , and journalist Vladimir Duthiers contributed to this report .	Unions : "  We call on Nigerians to continue the strikes " So far , strike-related clashes have left at least 16 dead "  Revolution has come to Nigeria and the youth will spearhead it , " a local journalist says The government 's decision to end a subsidy has more than doubled fuel prices
CNN  -- One hundred years after firing the shot that set off World War I , Gavrilo Princip was toasted by some Saturday in Sarajevo -- whether they wore T-shirts emblazoned with his face or admired a statue recently unveiled in his honor . Today , opinions on Princip are mixed . Some in Bosnia-Herzegovina -- of which Sarajevo is the capital -- think he was a terrorist , reported CNN affiliate N1 in Yugoslavia . But there are also a number of Bosnian Serbs who view him as a hero . 7 things you did n't know about Gavrilo Princip The former viewpoint was on display in Friday 's unveiling of a statue of Princip in Sarajevo . Media footage showed officials clapping as others looked on to catch a glimpse of the life-sized portrayal . The unveiling of the statue was one of many events , including concerts and symposiums , Sarajevo is holding this weekend to mark the start of World War I. Princip was 19 years old June 28 , 1914 , when he assassinated Austro-Hungarian Archduke Franz Ferdinand and his wife , Sophia , as the couple rode in an automobile through the streets . "  The shooting acted as a trigger , metastasizing from a Balkan street corner into a continental crisis by releasing pent-up tension between rival blocs of Great European Powers : the Austro-Hungarian Empire and Germany on one side and France , Russia and Great Britain on the other , " Tim Butcher , author of "  The Trigger : Hunting the Assassin who Brought the World to War , " wrote in an op-ed piece for CNN.com . Millions were killed in the conflict that changed the political landscape of Europe The ` bionic men ' of World War I How World War I gave us ` cooties '	Gavrilo Princip fired the shots on June 28 , 1914 He fatally shot Austro-Hungarian Archduke Franz Ferdinand and his wife The assassination is considered the start of World War I
CNN  -- Rafael Benitez was only just beginning to win over Chelsea 's supporters -- now he 'll have to do it all over again . The Spaniard , who replaced Roberto Di Matteo as interim manager at Stamford Bridge in November , could only look on in horror as his side suffered a humiliating home defeat by Queens Park Rangers . It will do little for Benitez 's popularity with many Chelsea supporters still angry at the removal of Di Matteo and the arrival of the former Liverpool manager . "  A lot of things went wrong today , " Benitez told reporters . "  We knew we were playing against the bottom of the table side and we spoke about that . "  We knew we had to be focused but we did not have the tempo and some players may have been tired . "  It was going wrong against a side who played deep and were organized . " This was supposed to be a routine victory for Chelsea against a Rangers side which had managed just one league victory all season . Redknapp returns to EPL management with QPR job Bottom of the table and favorite for relegation , Harry Redknapp 's side faced its west London rival as huge underdog . After all , last season 's European Champions League winners had won their four previous league games , including an impressive 2-1 triumph at Everton last Sunday . Even with Benitez 's decision to rest the likes of Eden Hazard , Ashley Cole , Ramires and Juan Mata , Chelsea was expected to see off a QPR side which had already lost 12 of its 20 league games . Not since 1979 had Rangers won in the top-flight at Stamford Bridge and few gave them a chance of claiming a first away success of the league campaign on this occasion . After conceding three goals against Liverpool during an embarrassing first half performance on Sunday , there was a more resilient look to this QPR side . The home side were fortunate not to be reduced to ten men on four minutes when Marko Marin threw himself into a wild and dangerous challenge on Stephane Mbia . The Germany winger was shown only a yellow card for the tackle , which could easily have resulted in a straight red . While Chelsea had plenty of possession and worked goalkeeper Julio Cesar on a couple of occasions , the home side was unable to muster that moment of magic to claim the lead . Lampard double inspires Chelsea Lampard thought he had put his side ahead on 66 minutes only for his effort to be ruled out for offside . Chelsea 's failure to turn possession into goals allowed their opponent to grow in confidence . Suddenly , QPR began to look dangerous on the counter-attack , soaking up pressure before pushing forward in search of an unlikely winner . That winner did eventually come with 12 minutes remaining and when it arrived , it was provided by a man who used to wear the Chelsea blue . Shaun Wright-Phillips , who spent three years with the club between 2005-2008 , showed his former employers how to finish , slamming home from 20-yards to send shockwaves around Stamford Bridge . The result leaves QPR five points adrift of safety with league games against Tottenham , West Ham and Manchester City to come this month . Quite what Chelsea 's prospective signing Demba Ba thought of the team 's performance is unknown , but with the Newcastle striker sat in the stands , the Blues flattered to deceive . While Ba was busy watching Chelsea , Newcastle was suffering a 2-1 home defeat by Everton . Papiss Cisse had given Newcastle a second minute lead before Leighton Baines ' stunning free-kick and Victor Anichebe 's strike won it for Everton . David Moyes ' side are now just two points behind fourth place Chelsea , while Newcastle sits two points above the relegation zone . Chelsea striker Sturridge joins Liverpool Elsewhere , Liverpool cruised to a 3-0 win over Sunderland thanks to two goals from Luis Suarez . The Uruguay international took his tally to 15 Premier League goals for the season with Raheem Sterling having opened the scoring on 19 minutes . Liverpool , which completed the $ 19.6 million signing of Chelsea striker Daniel Sturridge Wednesday , now sits eighth in the table . Manager Brendan Rodgers also confirmed that midfielder Joe Cole is holding talks with former club West Ham after enduring an unsuccessful spell at Anfield . He told reporters : "  I spoke to Joe earlier . He is a really good lad and has been brilliant during my time here in terms of as a human being . "  He is obviously speaking with West Ham at the moment and if they can get something organised , it will be a terrific move for Joe . "	Chelsea loses at home against bottom of table Queens Park Rangers Former Chelsea player Shaun Wright-Phillips scores only goal of the game Luis Suarez scores twice as Liverpool wins 3-0 Everton comes from behind to defeat Newcastle 2-1
Washington  CNN  -- The Obama administration could be in violation of the War Powers Resolution if it fails to get congressional authorization by Sunday for U.S. participation in the Libya military mission , House Speaker John Boehner said Tuesday . In a letter to President Barack Obama that his aides made public , Boehner , R-Ohio , complained that the administration has failed to address questions about the mission that were in a House resolution passed June 3 . That resolution set a two-week deadline for a response . Boehner 's letter reiterated the Friday deadline and took the additional step of warning that a failure to respond could violate the War Powers Resolution . According to Boehner , a 90-day deadline for congressional authorization of the Libya mission expires Sunday . "  It would appear that , in five days , the administration will be in violation of the War Powers Resolution unless it asks for and receives authorization from Congress or withdraws all U.S. troops and resources from the mission , " Boehner 's letter said . The White House has previously said it was complying with the War Powers Resolution through frequent briefings on the Libya mission . Boehner 's letter contested that assertion . "  Since the mission began , the administration has provided tactical operational briefings to the House of Representatives , but the White House has systematically avoided requesting a formal authorization for its action , " Boehner 's letter said . "  It has simultaneously sought , however , to portray that its actions are consistent with the War Powers Resolution . The combination of these actions has left many members of Congress , as well as the American people , frustrated by the lack of clarity over the administration 's strategic policies , by a refusal to acknowledge and respect the role of the Congress , and by a refusal to comply with the basic tenets of the War Powers Resolution . " Such political wrangling over war powers is common in Washington , with presidents frequently seeking to expand their freedom to commit U.S. forces and Congress battling to exert influence on the process . Boehner 's letter said that , in this case , "  the ongoing , deeply divisive debate originated with a lack of genuine consultation prior to commencement of operations and has been further exacerbated by the lack of visibility and leadership from you and your administration . " With his letter , Boehner raised the stakes on an issue that could prove politically embarrassing to Obama , with increasing numbers of Republicans and Democrats opposing the Libya mission . Republican Sen. John McCain of Arizona , who supports the Libya mission , said Tuesday that he expected the White House to provide Congress with details on the Libya mission this week . "  My understanding is the White House will be sending over a report and lots of information about what we 've done , " McCain said , adding that the Senate could then vote on a resolution backing the mission that would be intended to satisfy questions over the War Powers Resolution requirement . To McCain , the delay in a White House response made the issue more challenging than necessary . "  I can assure you that it 's gon na be much more difficult , with a lot more amendments and a lot more debates , than if we would have done this a couple months ago , " McCain said . National Security Council spokesman Tommy Vietor said late Tuesday that the information would probably be delivered to members of Congress on Wednesday . "  We are in the final stages of preparing extensive information for the House and Senate that will address a whole host of issues about our ongoing efforts in Libya , including those raised in the House resolution as well as our legal analysis with regard to the War Powers Resolution , " he said . Since March 1 , administration witnesses have testified at more than 10 hearings that included a "  substantial discussion of Libya " and participated in more than 30 member or staff briefings on the matter , he said . In announcing the mission in March , Obama said U.S. forces would take the early lead in establishing a no-fly zone over the country in order to enforce a U.N. resolution calling for the protection of Libyan civilians from forces loyal to leader Moammar Gadhafi . The U.S. forces eventually assumed a supporting role as NATO took over the mission . Congressional opponents of the mission say that its objective of civilian protection fails to match the stated U.S. goal of Gadhafi 's resignation or ouster and that the Libya situation could become a stalemate . The White House says incremental progress is occurring through increasing diplomatic , political and military pressure on Gadhafi to step down . In a coincidence of scheduling , Obama and Boehner are set to play golf together for the first time Saturday , a day after Boehner 's deadline for information from the administration and the day before he says it could be in violation of the War Powers Resolution . CNN 's Brianna Keilar contributed to this report .	NEW : McCain says White House will provide information on Libya mission The House speaker sets a Friday deadline for President Obama 's response A House resolution passed June 3 asked for more details on the mission The White House has said it is complying with the War Powers Resolution
CNN  -- The hike to the bottom of the Grand Canyon -- and out again -- was symbolic for Melissa Schaaf . It was a sign of how far she had come , a sign that the middle-aged mom of two was active , adventurous and alive . She had lost 80 pounds over the last year and a half through regular exercise and a healthy diet . She was in the best shape of her life , and the trip to Arizona 's natural wonder was a chance to celebrate . It was a grueling hike , about 15 miles down and up the steep trail with hundreds of switchbacks . But on that day in summer 2011 , Schaaf had no idea her biggest battle was yet to come . A healthy habit Four years ago , the 5-foot-4 Schaaf weighed close to 250 pounds . "  When I turned 40 , I looked down at the scale and thought , ` Oh my , I must really do something about this , ' " the Herndon , Virginia , woman says . Family wins $ 10,000 after losing 255 pounds A friend convinced her to join a local Sport & Health Club , and the pair started attending group fitness classes . Schaaf liked spinning , which allowed her to burn calories without pounding her joints with the extra weight she was carrying . Step aerobics was another story -- "  I 'm jigging when everyone was jogging " -- but being able to laugh at her lack of coordination kept Schaaf coming back . After a while going to the gym became just another habit , like brushing her teeth . "  I used to be very emotionally vested in hating the gym , " she says . "  You 're not emotional about brushing your teeth . It 's something I do because I want to have teeth when I 'm old . I want to be able to move when I 'm old . " The first 50 pounds seemed to fall off Schaaf . After eight months , she joined Weight Watchers to overhaul her diet . In the past she had tried everything from hypnosis to prepackaged meals to restriction diets to lose weight . But eating better was n't such a big deal after conquering the gym . "  I 'm the kind of person where I can change one habit ... at a time , " she says . "  I found that trying to master everything at once was just too much . " Foods that will power up your spring diet Schaaf hit the gym five to six days a week and traded cookies for apples and bananas on her kitchen counter . Within a year she had lost another 30 pounds . The aches and pains that had come with her extra weight and advancing age stopped . She felt confident and more at ease . She looked forward to living a longer , happier life . Maintaining normalcy In December 2011 , Schaaf had an elective hysterectomy . During surgery , her doctor uncovered a tumor in her uterine muscle and removed it for testing . The tumor was leiomyosarcoma , a rare cancer that 's often only discovered in the terminal stage . Schaaf 's cancer was stage I . She started the first of four rounds of chemotherapy in February 2012 . Through it all , she continued to hit the gym and make healthy food choices . At the gym , her goal was simply to keep moving . And if ice cream was all her stomach could handle , she chose frozen yogurt . "  So much of what 's happening to you is out of your control , " she says . "  I wanted to control what I could . " Overall health during cancer therapy is critical , says Schaaf 's oncologist , Dr. Amy Irwin . "  We encourage  patients  to eat healthful meals , exercise and continue in activities they enjoy . " Let 's talk about sex ... and cancer Exercise helped Schaaf sleep better at night and work through some of the drugs ' side effects , such as constipation and nausea . She went to the gym the morning of her chemo treatments to relieve stress . "  It helped me mentally -- kept me strong , kept me balanced . " Patients should stay involved in life , Irwin says , to avoid obsessing about their cancer diagnosis . "  Given the supportive medicines we have , most patients are able to maintain normalcy . " Schaaf 's weight loss may have done more than prepare her mentally for the challenge ahead . Obesity has been linked to cancer incidence rates . And research has shown that cancer patients who are overweight have a higher risk of mortality than patients with a normal body mass index , Irwin says . Twice in a lifetime Schaaf is now in remission and has kept the weight off for more than three years . She still has about 10 pounds to lose to reach her goal weight , but she 's says she 's not in any hurry . "  It think it 's all about being patient and ... making the best choices every day , " she says . "  Do I make great choices every day ? No . But you 've got to be forgiving with yourself and wake up the next morning and say , ` Today , I 'm going to do better . ' " Her healthy lifestyle has increased her energy and opened her eyes to new opportunities . She plans to run a half marathon at the end of April with a bunch of her girlfriends from the gym , and hopes eventually to tackle the Grand Canyon again . "  Hopefully it 's not once in a lifetime , " she says of her first symbolic hike . "  There  are  no limitations anymore . " Have you lost weight ? Share your story on iReport	Melissa Schaaf lost 80 pounds through regular exercise and a healthy diet Schaaf later was diagnosed with stage I of a rare cancer called leiomyosarcoma Schaaf continued to work out through treatment to stay mentally , physically healthy
Washington  CNN  -- Workers aboard the Deepwater Horizon were pushing to complete the well at the heart of the Gulf of Mexico oil spill before the disaster , but no "  conscious decision " to cut corners on safety has been discovered , a presidential commission reported Monday . "  There seemed to be a compulsion to get this rig completed in that April 19th-April 20th time period , " said Bob Graham , the commission 's co-chairman . "  And as a result of that , a number of things which might have made the outcome of this plight different were deferred or abandoned . " The undersea gusher erupted with an April 20 explosion aboard the Deepwater Horizon drill rig , which was completing a well for the oil giant BP at the time of the blast . The rig sank two days later , taking 11 men to a watery grave and unleashing the worst oil spill in U.S. history . The well was about 45 days behind schedule , and Fred Bartlit , the commission 's chief counsel , said BP 's operating costs for the leased rig were running about $ 1.5 million per day . Those costs were "  overhanging the heads of people on the rigs , " Bartlit said -- "  but they do n't want their buddies to get killed , or themselves . " "  To date , we have not seen a single instance where a human being made a conscious decision to favor dollars over safety , " he said . But as the commission opened two days of new hearings into the disaster on Monday , Graham questioned why the timing was "  so central " to managers that they did not examine the well 's cementing job more closely . "  I would hope that tomorrow we get down to the question of just what was driving for a decision on that particular narrow 24 hours , " added Graham , a former U.S. senator and Florida governor . In its preliminary findings , the commission criticized BP for shifting its plans for capping the completed well . At one point , one of the "  company men " on the doomed rig was unaware of changes being planned back on shore , staff attorney Sean Grimsley said . Mark Bly , BP 's executive vice president for safety , told the commission he and the company "  do n't exactly agree " with the findings . "  In our work we went through what turned out to be the eight critical things we thought had contributed causally here , " he said . "  We clearly identified the failure to isolate at the bottom of the well and the negative test and , subsequently , the monitoring , so we did n't see the procedures here as particular to that . We felt they were covered in the other things that we described . " Rep. Ed Markey , D-Massachusetts , an outspoken critic of BP , said the company has "  a long and sordid history of cutting costs and pushing the limits in search of higher profits . " "  When the culture of a company favors risk-taking and cutting corners above other concerns , systemic failures like this oil spill disaster result without direct decisions being made or tradeoffs being considered , " Markey said in a written statement on Monday 's findings . The Massachusetts Democrat leads the House Energy and Commerce committee 's energy and environmental subcommittee . Still pending are test results on the rig 's blowout preventer , the massive fail-safe device that was supposed to shut down the well in case emergency . Federal authorities took control of the preventer in September and have turned it over to a Norwegian engineering firm to analyze the device "  from soup to nuts , " Bartlit said . BP , rig owner Transocean and cement contractor Halliburton have pointed fingers at each other since the rig sank . As the well 's owner , BP was responsible for capping the ruptured well and cleaning up the more than 200 million gallons of oil that spilled . The well was sealed temporarily in mid-July and capped permanently on September 19 . Lab test results should have prompted managers to redesign the cement slurry used to line the well , the committee reported . In addition , the Transocean drill crew also could have diverted the escaping hydrocarbons overboard or triggered the rig 's emergency disconnect before the blast , which could have shut in the well and "  limited the impact of any explosion and/or the blowout , " the commission stated . Managers for both BP and Transocean treated a pressure test as a "  complete success " despite repeated signs showing that the cement job was not containing the high-pressure oil and gas , the commission found . Co-chairman William Reilly , a former head of the Environmental Protection Agency , said the evidence so far indicates a "  culture of complacency " on the part of both industry and regulators , including the since-disbanded Minerals Management Service . "  If we had not been complacent , I suppose the most obvious reality is we would not have experienced two full months of a gushing well leading to 200 million gallons being spilled , " Reilly said . "  We would not have seen Congress underfund the regulatory agency consistently over the better part of the last 20 years , and the consequent failure of MMS to rise to the challenges posed by technologies that simply became so sophisticated that they scarcely were any match for the people they were regulating . " The commission 's final report is due January 11 . Investigations are also under way by the Justice Department , several congressional committees and a joint Coast Guard-Interior Department board . Unlike those agencies , however , the presidential commission does not have the power to subpoena witnesses -- an issue Bartlit raised several times . "  We get a lot of arguments , " he told Graham at one point . "  This is where subpoena power , senator , would be helpful , because it 's going to be hard to resolve those unless I can sit people down in a room in a very professional , gentlemanly way and cross examine them and find out , you know , what 's believable and what 's not believable . " CNN 's Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	NEW : BP does n't "  exactly agree " with the findings , a company executive says NEW : Congressman says BP has a long history of "  pushing the limits " Drill crews were under "  compulsion " to complete the well , co-chairman says No evidence has been found that managers chose "  to favor dollars over safety "
The uproar in India over the arrest of an Indian diplomat in New York is growing . Indians are protesting outside the U.S. Embassy in New Delhi , the Indian government has revoked privileges for American diplomats , and Indian politicians have called for a review of their nation 's ties with the United States . E-mail and Facebook appeals are even calling on Indians to refuse to meet with any U.S. citizen . But the outcry over Devyani Khobragade 's treatment is drowning out the serious allegations of exploiting her employee , also an Indian national , and the pervasive violations against millions of other domestic workers around the world and in the homes of diplomats in America . Khobragade , India 's deputy consul general in New York , was arrested last week over allegations of falsifying visa application documents for a woman who worked as her housekeeper and nanny in New York . Khobragade reported she paid the woman $ 4,500 a month . In reality , federal prosecutors say , the domestic worker received less than $ 600 a month and was forced to work far more than 40 hours a week . Her effective hourly wage -- $ 3.13 -- was less than half of New York 's minimum wage of $ 7.25 . Many Indians are outraged over allegations that Khobragade , after leaving her daughter at school , was handcuffed on the street -- although this has been disputed -- later strip-searched and kept in a holding cell before being released on $ 250,000 bail . U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara , in a written statement , said Khobragade was arrested discreetly , was not handcuffed and was given time to arrange personal matters including child care -- but she was searched in custody as is "  standard practice for every defendant , rich or poor , American or not , in order to make sure that no prisoner keeps anything on his person that could harm anyone , including himself . " There 's no doubt that strip searches , a routine part of U.S. felony arrests , are humiliating . Indians are understandably disturbed by a practice that is rare in India and seems particularly degrading . But the treatment of domestic workers , who number more than 50 million worldwide and are one of every 13 female wage earners , is often even more degrading . They are typically grossly underpaid and often mistreated . In our investigations in the United States and elsewhere , Human Rights Watch has found that women who work as nannies and housekeepers , and often both , make far below the minimum wage and are often expected to work 14 to 18 hours a day . Millions of women and girls travel across borders to earn money as domestic workers to send back to their families . They take care of elderly people in the homes where they work , cook , clean and take care of their employers ' children . They generate billions of dollars in remittances for their countries of origin but are particularly vulnerable to exploitation and abuse . Many are forced to pay huge sums to unscrupulous recruiters , or work without pay for several months to cover their debt . Cut off from their family and other sources of support , many feel they have little choice but to work under slavelike conditions . In some cases , they are locked in their workplaces . They are sometimes beaten . Unpaid wages , excessive working hours and physical , sexual and psychological abuse are the most common problems . Domestic workers have even fewer options when their employers have diplomatic immunity and can not be criminally prosecuted , regardless of how severe their crimes . The employers have control over their visas , which also leaves them with little recourse . The U.S. State Department has received dozens of allegations of abuse by foreign diplomats and by officials at the World Bank and other international financial institutions . In one case that became public , a former domestic worker accused her employer , a Kuwaiti diplomat , of raping her repeatedly . In another , a domestic worker for a former Philippine ambassador said she was forced to work 126 hours a week without pay . A 2008 Government Accountability Office report identified 42 cases of abuse by diplomats with immunity over an eight-year period , and said that the actual number was probably higher . Many cases are never reported because the victims are too frightened to complain or feel they ca n't afford to lose the job . As a consular official , Khobragade has limited immunity , which the State Department says does not cover visa fraud , a felony . Too many diplomats have used their immunity to exploit their employees . By taking action in this case , the State Department is sending an important message -- no employer is above the law . It is not just singling out foreign diplomats . The Khobragade case has raised good questions about the treatment of criminal suspects in the United States , including the use of routine strip searches . But that debate should not be at the expense of women exploited as domestic workers . Their treatment is just as important .	Jo Becker : Outcry over Indian diplomat 's arrest overshadows issue of domestic worker abuse Becker : Routine strip search in U.S. is humiliating , degrading , and it 's rare in India She says domestic workers face slavelike labor , physical abuse , excessive hours Becker : Report found domestic worker abuse among diplomats who have immunity
CNN  -- Kyle Green , a University of Minnesota instructor , feels awful that he asked his sociology class to watch all three presidential debates . He should have checked the calendar first . Each of the debates this month , as well as the vice presidential showdown , falls on crucial game days . The fight for the hearts and minds of voters will be , in many households , a fight for the remote . "  I bet there are a lot of sports fans in my class who will be facing the same dilemma that I am , " said Green , a rabid sports fan . When President Barack Obama takes on Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney in their first debate Wednesday , Major League Baseball will be wrapping up its regular season . 5 things to watch in the first presidential debate It 's an especially important day for Yankees , Orioles , Rangers and Athletics fans as their teams vie for first place in their respective divisions . Eight days later , the October 11 vice presidential debate falls on the same day as the Thursday night football game between the Steelers and Titans . The NFL 's "  Thursday Night Football " has been delivering strong numbers this year , and last Thursday 's Browns-Ravens game ranked first among cable TV programs for the night . When Romney and Obama face off a second time on October 16 , they will compete with a Major League Baseball playoff game . Last year , an average of 7.1 million viewers watched a playoff game . And the final presidential debate on October 22 falls on a Monday during an NFL game between historical rivals the Detroit Lions and the Chicago Bears . Judging by past numbers , the debates will likely win out . Some 56 million people watched the final debate between Obama and Sen. John McCain on October 15 , 2008 . Average viewership for a typical Monday Night Football game is about 13 million . But the numbers do n't speak to the anxiety some will feel Wednesday . New York actor Markus Potter , like many Yankees fans , is torn . The Yanks are trying to fight off the Baltimore Orioles to win the American League East championship . And the game will be in its final innings as the debate begins . 7-Eleven election accurately predicts presidential election winner "  Always rough when presidential politics and baseball compete , " Potter said . He says he 'll have the TV tuned to the debate and his laptop to the game , switching his attention between the two . "  This just means I have to turn off the Twitter so nothing is given away in either game , " he said . "  And yes , I do refer to them both as ` games . ' " Denver-area baseball writer Jonah Keri will be contending with a third distraction , albeit a pleasant one . Wednesday is also the birthday of his 3-year old twins . "  I will be lighting candles , watching the debate and the games at the same time , " he said . "  I will have the computer and the TV going at the same time , " he said . " I imagine in this era of multitasking , many will be doing this . " Last month , the NFL rescheduled its season-opener to avoid competing with Obama 's speech at the Democratic National Convention . It was a tit-for-tat gesture . In September 2011 , Obama moved up his much-anticipated jobs speech to Congress by an hour prior to the start of that year 's NFL 's season-opener . But there are no such concessions planned this month . Which leaves sports fans who are into politics to engage in a game of their own : juggling . Photos : The first televised debates CNN 's Caitlin Stark contributed to this report .	Wednesday 's debate comes on the last day of the MLB season The other debates also fall during crucial football or baseball games Multitasking is the order of the day for fans
As Kermit the Frog , Miss Piggy and the rest of their fuzzy friends prepared to return to the big screen for the first time in six years in their new film , "  The Muppets "  also starring Jason Segal , Amy Adams and the newest addition to the Muppet brood , Walter  , they took time out from their busy schedule of "  SNL " visits , Password games with Jimmy Fallon and their star-studded movie premiere to talk to CNN , and answer some questions submitted via iReport , about their beloved , late creator Jim Henson , their Hollywood crushes , and Piggy 's glamorous new magazine job . CNN : Miss Piggy , what is a typical day for you like as Plus-Size Editor at Vogue Paris ? Miss Piggy : I spend the whole morning meeting with designers , offering them moi 's insights , inspiration and measurements . Then , I lunch and then , since it is Paris , we go to a lovely patisserie -- that 's French for doughnut shop -- and pick up a few things to snack on during the afternoon . This is followed by meetings with people who apparently work for me , and then I go try on the clothes made by those designers I met with in the morning . Being a fashion editor is wonderful ; play your cards right and you can get a whole wardrobe in a couple weeks . CNN : Kermit , what are your happiest memories of Jim Henson ? Kermit the Frog : The work . We worked together right from the start , back when he did a local TV show called "  Sam & Friends . " We 'd fool around , sing , and just make ourselves laugh -- and , what do you know , other folks started laughing and having a good time , too . Those are great memories . CNN : What was it like moving on after Jim Henson died ? KTF : You do n't move on . A part of him is inside of me , and that will be forever . I think of Jim every day , and try to make sure what the Muppets do would make him proud -- and make him laugh . CNN : What is your favorite movie and why ? And it ca n't be one that the Muppets have been in . KTF : "  Singin ' in the Rain " -- and not just because frogs like rain . It 's a perfect movie . Debbie Reynolds reminds me of Piggy when I first met her .  That 's meant as a compliment , Ms. Reynolds .  Donald O'Connor is like Fozzie Bear , especially when he sings and dances to "  Make 'Em Laugh . " And Gene Kelly is just the best . I even got to dance with him to "  Singing in the Rain " on "  The Muppet Show . " Gee , now that I talked about it , I want to go watch it again . Got popcorn ? CNN : Team Edward or Jacob ? MP : Team Kermit . Frogs , yes . Vampires and wolves , not so much . CNN : Do you eat bacon for breakfast ? MP : No , I do n't . Do you like having all your teeth ? CNN : Besides Kermit , which actors do you have a crush on and why ? MP : For moi , there is only Kermie . However , I do have teensy-weensy crushes on a few other cute guys . Brad Pitt , Brad Paisley , Bradley Cooper , Enrique Iglesias , George Clooney , Javier Bardem , David Beckham , Patrick Dempsey , Jonathan Rhys Meyers , Johnny Depp , Rodrigo Santoro -- I 'll send you the complete list later ; this is gon na take too long . As for why , I can only say : Duh ! CNN : Tell us about your first date . KTF : I do n't really remember our first date . MP : As far as I 'm concerned , we 're still on it . CNN : What is your most prized Muppet memorabilia and why ? KTF : I have the red curtain we used on the very first Muppet Show . MP : I kept the frog . CNN : Did you haze the new Muppet Walter at all ? KTF : Muppets do n't haze -- MP : Yeah , we treat everyone the same . KTF : -- and we 're sorry about that , Walter . CNN : You are such seasoned professionals -- did you give any acting tips to Jason Segal , Amy Adams or the rest of the cast of "  The Muppets " ? KTF : Well , Jason and Amy are real pros , too , so they do n't need our advice . I watched and learned from them . Same goes for Chris Cooper . As for the other Muppets , you ca n't really give them acting tips , since I do n't think any of them are acting ; that 's just them being themselves . MP : I give everyone I work with the same advice : Do n't get between moi and the camera , and there wo n't be any trouble . Très easy , n'est - ce pas ?! CNN : What are the Moopets doing now that you 're all back together ? Will we ever see them again ? KTF : Sorry , I ca n't help you . I 'm not sure what the Moopets are up to now . MP : Do n't worry about it . It 's taken care of . KTF : What does that mean ? MP : It 's best not to ask . KTF : Sheesh . CNN : What music are you listening to ? Who are your favorite artists , what are your favorite albums of the year ? KTF : I like -- MP : AHEM !!!! KTF : Uh -- Miss Piggy , who do I like ? MP : None of the female artists except moi . KTF : What she said . MP : And your favorite albums are the soundtrack to "  The Muppets "  featuring moi  and "  The Green Album " featuring songs made famous by moi -- and the other Muppets . KTF : I could n't have said it better myself . MP : Not without injury .	Kermit the Frog says : "  A part of  Jim Henson  is inside of me and that will be forever " Miss Piggy : "  Being a fashion editor is wonderful " For Kermit , "  Debbie Reynolds reminds me of Piggy when I first met her " "  For moi , there is only Kermie , " according to Miss Piggy
CNN  -- A Sri Lankan court sentenced a journalist Monday to serve 20 years in prison for articles that criticized the military , according to the Asian Human Rights Commission . Tamil journalist J. S. Tissainayagam is led from court after being sentenced . "  The AHRC is not surprised by this judgment because at the very inception of this case , the AHRC pointed out that this is purely a political case , " the commission said in a statement . J.S. Tissainayagam , the editor of a monthly magazine , was arrested in March 2008 for printing articles critical of the Sri Lankan military 's treatment of civilians during the country 's war on the Tamil Tiger rebel group , according to several human rights groups . The Tamil journalist was held without charge for several months , prompting outrage from human rights and press freedom organizations . He was later charged under the country 's controversial Prevention of Terrorism Act . His case has drawn international attention to the plight of press freedom in Sri Lanka , which ended its decades-long war against the Tamil rebels earlier this year . The country 's military has been accused of numerous atrocities against civilians during the final months of the 26-year conflict . Sri Lanka has denied the accusations , and routinely rejects calls by human rights groups for independent investigations into its campaign against the Tigers . U.S. President Barack Obama mentioned Tissainayagam in his May 1 statement on World Press Freedom Day : "  In every corner of the globe , there are journalists in jail or being actively harassed : from Azerbaijan to Zimbabwe , Burma to Uzbekistan , Cuba to Eritrea . Emblematic examples of this distressing reality are figures like J.S. Tissainayagam in Sri Lanka , or Shi Tao and Hu Jia in China . " The Asian Human Rights Commission condemned Monday 's sentence as "  the most glaring proof of the absence of freedom of expression in Sri Lanka . " It called on Sri Lanka and the international community "  to condemn the judgment and the sentence in Tissainayagam 's case and to call for his unconditional release . "	J.S. Tissainayagam , editor of a monthly magazine , arrested in March 2008 Printing articles critical of Sri Lankan military 's treatment of civilians during civil war Tamil journalist was held without charge for several months Case drawn international attention to the plight of press freedom in Sri Lanka
Hackers posted online what they say is login information for more than 450,000 Yahoo users . The hack , which of course was conducted anonymously , was meant to be a warning , according to the Web page where the documents were dumped . "  We hope that the parties responsible for managing the security of this subdomain will take this as a wake-up call , and not as a threat , " a note on the page said . "  There have been many security holes exploited in Web servers belonging to Yahoo! Inc. that have caused far greater damage than our disclosure . Please do not take them lightly . " How to protect your password from hacks The statement adds that the "  subdomain and vulnerable parameters " that were used to hack the site were not posted "  to avoid further damage . " The Web page where the data was dumped was offline for much of Thursday morning . Yahoo confirmed on Thursday the hack of Yahoo Voices , part of its news service , saying "  approximately 400,000 " usernames and passwords were stolen . But in a written statement , the company said that less than 5 % of the breached Yahoo accounts had valid passwords . "  At Yahoo! we take security very seriously and invest heavily in protective measures to ensure the security of our users and their data across all our products , " the statement said . "  We are fixing the vulnerability that led to the disclosure of this data , changing the passwords of the affected Yahoo! users and notifying the companies whose users accounts may have been compromised . " Yahoo apologized in the statement and urged users to change their passwords on a regular basis . Voices is an online publishing tool . Formerly known as Associated Content , it was acquired by Yahoo in 2010 . Starting in its days as an independent company , many have criticized it as a "  content farm , " a website that cranks out low-quality content designed to game search engines like Google to get page views and sell advertising . Perhaps due to the similarity of the names , some early reports from security analysts and others identified the hack as impacting users of Yahoo Voice , the site 's Web phone service . As it has after previous hacks , tech blog CNET broke down the list to find the most frequently used passwords . Many of them were embarrassingly easy to crack . Sequential lists of numbers , like "  12345 , " were used 2,295 times , and "  password " was used 780 times , out of the 450,000 passwords .	Hacker posts 450,000 Yahoo Voice account passwords Web page says the hack was meant as a warning to Yahoo Some users had painfully easy-to-crack passwords like "  12345 " or "  password " Hack impacted users of Yahoo Voices , a Web news product
CNN  -- Mexico is set to return to the Formula One calendar after an absence of more than two decades , F1 boss Bernie Ecclestone has confirmed . The Mexico Grand Prix , along with races in New Jersey and South Korea , were included on the provisional calendar for 2014 only to be axed last December . But after last year 's false start , the country now looks set to host its first F1 race in 23 years . "  I 'm happy to announce we 've concluded an agreement to have a race in 2015 , " Ecclestone said , the sport 's official website reported . "  Do n't miss this race ! " The race will be run at a refurbished 4.421-kilometre Autodromo Hermanos Rodriguez circuit in Mexico City . A date has yet to be finalized . Tavo Hellmund , organizer of the U.S. Grand Prix in Austin , Texas and co-founding partner of the new Mexican Grand Prix said he was "  delighted " a deal had been reached . "  Ever since Bernie and I began working on a race at Austin , it 's been a dream of mine to help Formula One return to Mexico , " said Hellmund . "  This announcement has therefore been years in the making , but we 've gradually been able to assemble all the right pieces . I 'm absolutely delighted , " he added . Force India driver Sergio Perez , one of two Mexican drivers currently on the grid , also hailed the news . "  The return of F1 to our country is a sign that the Mexican state can achieve anything . " Perez wrote on his official website . "  It 's a great opportunity to show the world what Mexico is and what we are capable of achieving . We 're big and when we have the same tools as our competitors , we are the best in the world . " His compatriot and Sauber driver Esteban Gutierrez also tweeted his approval . Perez was two years old when Britain 's Nigel Mansell won the last F1 race in Mexico in 1992 . Mexico hosted official F1 racing for eight years between 1963 and 1970 . The race was taken off the calendar for 15 years before returning in 1986 . Read more : Latest news from 2014 F1 season	F1 boss Bernie Ecclestone says race will take place in Mexico next season Last F1 race in Mexico was held in 1992 Mexican driver Sergio Perez says award is "  sign that Mexico can achieve anything "
CNN  -- When Seattle pot smokers got the munchies this weekend , the cops had their back . Now that marijuana is legal in Washington , there 's not much police could do about weed-toting revelers at the city 's Hempfest . But they did want to explain the new rules surrounding recreational marijuana use in the state -- and hit upon a novel distribution format : Doritos . Sticking the cops ' messages on something edible was a no-brainer , Seattle police Sgt. Sean Whitcomb said . "  We knew if we did leaflets , it would turn into litter , " he said . "  We wanted people to be able to access the information . It 's actually fun to read . We wanted to do it in a way that is deliberately ironic . " Each bag contained some sage Dos and Do n'ts . The Do n'ts included "  Do n't drive while high , " and "  Do n't use pot in public . You could be cited but we 'd rather give you a warning . " And the Dos ? "  Do listen to Dark Side of the Moon at a reasonable volume . " The crowd ate it up . In less than 30 minutes , police ran out of all 1,000 bags of chips during #OperationOrangeFingers . CNN iReport : Photos of Operation Orange Fingers Minor marijuana possession has been the Seattle 's police department 's lowest priority since 2003 , but voters last year cast ballots to make recreational use legal . Initiative 502 says residents over 21 years old may possess up to an ounce of pot for personal use . There are also guidelines for the possession of oils and edibles . Hempfest , which began Friday and runs through Sunday , says its goal is "  to educate the public on the myriad of potential benefits offered by the cannabis plant , including the medicinal , industrial , agricultural , economic , environmental , and other benefits and applications . " The Seattle Police Foundation paid $ 260 for the Doritos , CNN affiliate KING said . "  I initially said let 's try 500 Dorito bags , but we did a thousand . Ultimately our goal was to start a conversation , " Whitcomb said . And it 's worked . Some even tried hawking the Doritos bags on eBay . By the end of the giveaway , even the cops were feeling the effects of Hempfest . "  We 're headed home . Feelin ' kinda Spacey , " the department tweeted , with a picture of actor Kevin Spacey speaking into a walkie-talkie . At least 1,000 revelers were cured of the munchies , with a little more knowledge of the state law and a little more orange on their fingers . CNN 's Elliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	Seattle police give away 1,000 bags of Doritos with advice about smoking pot on them "  Do n't drive while high " and "  Do n't use pot in public , " the bags read "  We knew if we did leaflets , it would turn into litter , " one sergeant says The cops ran out of Doritos in less than 30 minutes at Seattle 's Hempfest
The gunman behind the deadly siege of a cafe in Sydney this week was not on a security watch list , and Australia 's Prime Minister wants to know why . Tony Abbott said Wednesday that the system fell short . "  There 's no doubt about that , and this is why we 've got to constantly learn the lessons of everything that happens , " he told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation . "  We 've got to be constantly asking ourselves : Is this the best we can do ? "  And frankly , we 've got to always be better at this because if we are n't good at this , our people suffer . And the tragedy of this atrocity is that two delightful Australians , two very decent people , are dead . Others are injured . Others are traumatized because of a madman who was roaming our streets , " the Prime Minister said . His office announced that authorities will carry out an urgent review into the hostage taking and "  what lessons can be learned from the events leading up to and surrounding the siege . " At a news conference later Wednesday , Abbott told Australians , "  I will not rest until I am confident that you are as safe as any government can possibly make you . " A report on the conclusions of the review is due by the end of January . Authorities have identified the gunman as Man Haron Monis , an Iranian-born refugee who was granted political asylum in Australia . He seized control of the Lindt Chocolate Cafe in the heart of Sydney 's central business district and held it for some 16 hours . The siege ended when police stormed the cafe early Tuesday . The gunman was killed , but so were two hostages -- Katrina Dawson , a 38-year-old barrister and mother of three , and Tori Johnson , the manager of the cafe . Victims of Sydney siege ' I share the exasperation ' Monis was on bail for violence criminal offenses at the time of the attack . He had a long history of mental illness and violence , the Prime Minister said . "  This was the act of someone who was way beyond any mainstream , any mainstream , and has been rightly , absolutely repudiated by all the communities of Australia , " Abbott told the Australian broadcaster . "  We want to know why he was n't being monitored , given his history of violence , his history of mental instability , and his history of infatuation with extremism . " At the news conference in Canberra later in the day , he also raised questions about how Monis was able to obtain permanent residency in Australia , as well as welfare benefits . "  I share the exasperation of the Australian public at what appears to be someone who 's been having a lend of us , for many years , " Abbott told reporters . He also said that the gunman had a firearms license , but the Australian Federal Police later clarified that that was n't true . The federal police , who had originally given Abbott the erroneous information , said the confusion arose from an entry in a national database that was now being investigated . At the news conference , Abbott said he also wanted to know why Monis seemed to have fallen off Australian security agencies ' watch lists in 2009 . But he offered little in the way of details about what took place in the final hours of the siege . "  When you are in a firefight , all sorts of things happen , " Abbott told reporters . "  The important thing for the police in a situation like that is to take care of the terrorist as quickly as possible . " He said that on the police 's advice , he had refused to act on the gunman 's demand to talk to him during the siege . As authorities work to find the answer to that , and other unanswered questions , a makeshift memorial has sprung up in Sydney as people come to pay tribute to the victims . Thousands of people have left flowers , cards and signed condolence books . "  We 're a country that is not innocent of these issues , " Kim Beazley , Australian ambassador to the United States , told CNN 's "  The Lead With Jake Tapper , " on Wednesday . "  We are well-prepared in many ways , but we were n't well-prepared enough for this particular man , in this particular place , and that will require investigation , " he said .	Police say gunman did n't have a firearms license , correcting earlier information Australian government announces security review after Sydney cafe siege The Prime Minister says the system fell short and questions must be asked The gunman dropped off security agency watch lists in 2009 , he says
CNN  Ivory Coast are one step away from ending 23 years of painful African Cup of Nations memories after sweeping aside Democratic Republic of Congo in the semifinals . The Elephants have twice lost the final on penalties , in 2006 and 2012 , but could be on course for its first title since 1992 after a 3-1 success in Bata , Equatorial Guinea . Goals from two of its star players -- Yaya Toure and Gervinho -- were added to by Wilfried Kanon to seal a place in Sunday 's showpiece . It signaled the end of DR Congo 's fairytale run after it scored four goals in the final half an hour to defeat neighbors Congo in their last eight clash . Toure de Force After a modest opening it was Ivory Coast talisman Yaya Toure who made the first decisive impact on the game , as he so often does for his club -- English Premier League champions Manchester City . The 31-year-old pounced on a loose ball after a run from teammate Wilfried Bony -- signed by City in January -- to lash a fierce shot into the roof of the net . It was his 19th goal for Ivory Coast and must surely rank of one of his finest . But having got themselves in front , Ivory Coast switched off moments later to allow DR Congo back into the match . A looping cross from the right was handled by Eric Bailly , allowing Dieumerci Mbokani to register his third goal of the tournament from the penalty spot . The striker , who plays for Dynamo Kyiv in Ukraine , should have put his side ahead 10 minutes later but failed to make proper contact with a cross that fell to him at the back post . It was to prove a costly miss . Ivory Coast immediately gained the upper hand and Gervinho saw his header diverted onto the crossbar by a brilliant Gabriel Zakuani clearance . But the AS Roma midfielder was n't to be denied for long as an error in midfield saw Bony play him into the area , Gervinho slotting neatly into the far corner of the net . DR Congo came out revitalized after the break and Yannick Bolasie , who plys his trade with Crystal Palace in England 's top flight , forced a fine save from Sylvain Gbohouo after a mazy run . But it proved to be only a brief flurry as Ivory Coast reasserted its control on the match . Gervinho and Toure both went close before defender Wilfried Kanon scored the vital third , knocking home from close range after Serge Aurier 's header had been saved by goalkeeper Robert Kidiaba . Kidiaba made another save from Gervinho as Congo 's desperate attempts to get back into the game left counter attacking gaps for Ivory Coast . Its players spilled onto the field to celebrate at the end of the match and they can now look forward to a clash in the final with either Ghana or tournament hosts Equatorial Guinea , who play Thursday .	Ivory Coast cruises into the African Cup of Nations final after victory over DR Congo Goals from Yaya Toure , Gervinho and Wilfried Kanon seals a 3-1 success in Bata Ivory Coast will face either Ghana or hosts Equatorial Guinea in Sunday 's final
Washington  CNN  -- In the bitter political debate over health care reform two years ago , one of the most contentious issues was a proposed advisory board that would recommend how to achieve needed but as-yet-unreachable Medicare savings . Opponents dubbed the Independent Payment Advisory Board  IPAB  a "  death panel " that would ration medical coverage for senior citizens based on cost and effectiveness , rather than decisions reached between patient and doctor . Supporters called such rhetoric overheated and misleading , arguing the advisory board was necessary to motivate a reluctant health care industry to adopt cost-cutting reforms that Congress had proven unwilling or unable to impose . Now the House will consider repealing the advisory board provision this week in an election-year move that rekindles the fiery emotions of the health care fight back in 2009 and 2010 . While the repeal effort is expected to eventually fall short , it gives opponents of health care reform a rallying point for their continued efforts to undermine the 2010 law . Some of the rhetoric from two years earlier has re-emerged , such as warnings of a government takeover of health care . "  What we oppose is the president deciding who gets what , " Rep. Tom Price , R-Georgia , told a news conference Wednesday . Earlier this week , Republican Rep. Scott DesJarlais of Tennessee told reporters that the IPAB panel was "  designed to put a Washington bureaucrat between the patient and their doctor . " That 's not the intent or the reality of the advisory board , insisted Dr. Donald Berwick , the former administrator of the federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services . For example , the law targeted by the repeal effort specifically forbids the advisory board from rationing health care to reduce spending . "  We 're in a very polarized era . It 's hard to have rational conversations with people " on the issue , Berwick told CNN . Paul Van de Water , a senior fellow at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities , said this week that "  charges that the board is going to be able to deny people care are just flat out wrong . " "  The law makes every effort to restrict the board so that it ca n't do that , " Van de Water said . "  And in fact , if anything , the charge is the opposite of the truth . " The 15-member IPAB board would comprise independent experts to recommend Medicare cost reductions starting in 2015 if Congress and the health care industry and insurers fail to agree on $ 300 billion in savings called for in the health care reform law . Designed as a nonpolitical solution in the event of legislative stalemate , the panel 's recommendations do not require congressional approval but can be offset by Congress . Some critics , including Democrats who back health care reform , cite the independent board 's relative autonomy as a reason for eliminating it . In addition , Republican sponsors have added long-desired tort reform provisions against frivolous lawsuits to offset the cost of eliminating the panel intended to bring Medicare savings . However , the legal lobby and many Democrats oppose tort reforms , raising questions about the final makeup of the bill . According to Berwick , opposition to the IPAB panel breaks down into three groups : a "  significant minority " that hates the 2010 health care reform law and wants to scare people about it ; political opponents of President Barack Obama trying to hurt his re-election chances , and health care providers and insurers "  doing quite well in the status quo " who are unwilling to commit to Medicare reforms . Despite such opposition , no one disputes the need to change Medicare in order to keep it solvent in coming decades , as baby boomers reach retirement age and flood its ranks . Republicans who have long opposed Medicare want to lower the cost by eventually making it a subsidized program instead of a government-run system . The House Republican budget for 2013 made public Tuesday would offer future seniors a choice of staying in the traditional fee-for-service Medicare plan or opting for a Medicare-approved private plan , all of which would be available via a new Medicare exchange . No matter which plan they chose , including the traditional Medicare plan , seniors would receive a government subsidy to help pay for their choice . The 2010 health care reform law sought cost reductions in Medicare through more efficient delivery of services . For example , it envisioned increased collaboration through electronic medical records to reduce repetitive and costly tests , as well as basing reimbursement on quality of care rather than quantity of services provided . "  It 's conceivable you could ratchet down on payments for routine MRIs or CAT scans and use some of that money to shore up payments to providers and ... make the whole system a little more efficient , " noted Uwe Reinhardt , a professor of economics and public affairs at Princeton University 's Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs . Under the law , the IPAB panel would step in if targeted cost reductions went unmet . Those seeking repeal of the advisory board say it will lead to indiscriminate cost-cutting rather than the intended reforms to maintain Medicare 's long-term solvency . Rep. Nan Hayworth , R-New York , who practiced ophthalmology for 16 years prior to her election to Congress in 2010 , said Medicare reimbursements already were being lowered to a point where some physicians can not afford to treat Medicare patients . "  That is the last thing our seniors need , " Hayworth said Wednesday . "  In many practices across the country , that threat will only increase with IPAB . " Rep. Tim Griffin , R-Arkansas , said at a Monday news conference that the advisory board "  will do nothing to change how Medicare works , " adding "  it will simply say we 've run out of money , and now we 're cutting . " The American Medical Association , a major physician 's advocacy organization , also wants to repeal the advisory board even though it supported the broader health care reform law . It already wrestles with what has been a 15-year problem involving Medicare reimbursements that exemplifies the difficulty of reforming the program . The Medicare Sustainable Growth Rate provision enacted in 1997 limits increases in Medicare costs to the same rate of growth in the gross domestic product . Under the formula , the costs have repeatedly risen higher than planned . Rather than cutting payments to Medicare doctors , Congress has regularly authorized extra money to make up the difference , with the latest so-called "  doc fix " set to expire at the end of 2012 . That means doctors face a 30 % cut in Medicare reimbursements from the government in January , and now the IPAB panel would be empowered to recommend steeper cuts , AMA board Chairman Dr. Robert Wah told CNN in a telephone interview . The AMA wants Congress to stabilize funding for Medicare reimbursements for five years to allow doctors time to work out reforms outlined in the 2010 health care legislation . According to Wah , the fear is that the IPAB panel will recommend across-the-board spending cuts that drive doctors away from Medicare patients while failing to inspire the necessary reforms . "  A board that does n't have to answer to anybody and has the latitude to make dramatic cuts has consequences for our patients , " said Wah , later adding : "  It 's very hard to do that kind of innovation when there is uncertainty and the threat of large cuts . " For Berwick , the question is , "  how do you create the political and social will for uncomfortable changes ? " "  The evidence so far is that motivation solely from inside health care , changing itself , is insufficient , " he said . CNN 's Laurie Ure contributed to this report .	NEW : Republicans say doctors will drop Medicare patients if payments are cut The House will vote Thursday on eliminating an independent panel on Medicare cuts The panel is supposed to help develop cost-saving Medicare reforms Congress has been unable to bring down Medicare costs
CNN  -- At least five of the bodies found this week in a shallow grave near Mexico City are those of teens who were kidnapped from a bar three months ago , Mexico 's attorney general said Friday . The announcement appears to shed light on a crime that jolted the capital city : The kidnapping of 12 youths from an after-hours club during daylight on the morning of May 26 . Authorities on Thursday said they found a clandestine mass grave east of Mexico City . On Friday , the federal attorney general said the grave -- a shallow grave covered by concrete at an eco park in a state neighboring Mexico City -- contained 13 bodies . Five of them were those of youths who 'd been taken from the Mexico City club , the attorney general said . Earlier , authorities said the grave was at a ranch . The site is in the town of Tlalmanalco , in the state of Mexico , about 30 miles east of Mexico City , the state-run Notimex news agency reported . Authorities have n't said what led them to the grave . The May 26 incident at the after-hours bar shocked residents of Mexico City , who for the most part have been spared from the violence seen in other areas . The owner of the bar , a co-owner and two bar employees have been arrested in the case . Mexico : As dangerous , and safe , as ever CNNMexico 's Veronica Diaz and Juan Pablo Mayorga contributed to this report .	13 bodies found in mass grave near Mexico City this week Of those 13 , five have been identified as youths kidnapped from Mexico City bar 12 youths were kidnapped from after-hours club in May , authorities say Four people have been arrested in the case
CNN  -- A large turkey unexpectedly arrived at a New Jersey home one morning in August , but the homeowner was n't giving any thanks . Huddled in her bedroom , Marie Manco , 70 , was instead calling the police about the live intruder , which had entered her home by flying through a second-floor window . "  A wild turkey came through my skylight and it 's flying around my house right now , destroying everything ! I 'm in my bedroom , but I 'm afraid to come out , " a frightened Manco told the 911 operator . "  I just hear a banging , and it 's just destroying my whole house ! " Police arrived at her Kinnelon home shortly after and observed that a large window had been broken above the front door . When officers went in with a blanket to catch the turkey , it ran off into the kitchen and smashed through a 5-by-5-foot picture window , according to Sgt. David Crouthamel of the Kinnelon Police Department . Police said that the turkey was "  one of the biggest birds " they 've ever seen . When one officer , who is nearly 6 feet tall , attempted to grab it , it came up to his hip , Crouthamel said . The giant gobbler proved to be no chicken when it trashed Manco 's home , leaving an estimated $ 6,000 to $ 7,000 in damages before trotting away . Three large windows were shattered , walls were cracked , and the floor was littered with feces , broken glass and feathers , according to police . Manco was home alone at the time of the incident and remains shaken up . "  Violated . I felt violated . And frightened . And I 'm still frightened , " Manco told CNN affiliate WCBS . Police believe that the bird saw its reflection in the window glass and became aggressive . Turkeys are not able to recognize their own image and will respond to a reflection as they would to an intruding or competing turkey , according to the New Jersey Wildlife Control Operators Association . "  It 's mating season for turkeys , and we 're attributing the aggression to that , " Lt. John Schwartz told WCBS . Manco has been having difficulty getting her insurance to cover the damage to her home , police say . While police took photos of some turkeys in the surrounding area , the "  suspect " is still at large .	A wild turkey busted a window in a New Jersey house and wreaked havoc "  It 's just destroying my whole house ! " the frightened homeowner told 911 The big bird broke three windows , cracked walls , left feces and feathers The turkey may have reacted to its reflected image , wildlife group said
Colombo , Sri Lanka  CNN  -- Protesters led by a Sri Lankan cabinet minister laid siege to the United Nations compound in Colombo on Tuesday , demanding that the world body drop a probe into alleged human rights abuses in the final stages of the separatist war that ended last year . Staffers were prevented from leaving as a crowd of about 1,000 surrounded the compound and burned an effigy of U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon . Their placards told the United Nations to stop interfering in Sri Lanka 's affairs . Ban named a three-person advisory panel last month to look into possible human rights violations committed during the war between the government and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam . "  The secretary-general remains convinced that accountability is an essential foundation for durable peace and reconciliation in Sri Lanka , " a statement from Ban 's office said . "  Through the panel , the secretary-general expects to enable the United Nations to make a constructive contribution in this regard . Scuffles erupted Tuesday when U.N. staff tried to leave the compound . Police charged the crowd with batons , wounding at least six people . Wimal Weerawansa , a minister in President Mahinda Rajapaksa 's government , said the protesters planned to return Wednesday . The United Nations objected to the demonstration led by Weerawansa . "  While respecting the right of citizens to demonstrate peacefully , preventing access to U.N. offices hinders the vital work being carried out by the United Nations each day to help the people of Sri Lanka , " U.N. spokesperson Farhan Haq told reporters in New York . "  The government has provided assurances for the safety and security of our staff and for their full access to their offices , " he added . "  We will be closely monitoring developments and trust these commitments will be honored . " Sri Lanka 's decades-long war , through which the Tamil Tigers were seeking an independent homeland , ended with a ceasefire in May 2009 . More than 65,000 people died in the strife . The United Nations has been concerned about accountability issues related to the military defeat of the rebels , including alleged war crimes by troops and rebels -- allegations that both parties deny .	U.N. staffers prevented from leaving offices Protesters want United Nations to drop probe into human rights violations Sri Lankan cabinet minister led the protest at the compound Bloody civil war between the government and Tamil rebels ended last year
PANAMA CITY , Panama  CNN  -- Ricardo Martinelli , the multimillionaire owner of a supermarket chain , was inaugurated as president of Panama on Wednesday . Ricardo Martinelli is a pro-business conservative who defeated a candidate from the ruling center-left party . National Assembly President Jose Luis Varela performed the swearing-in and placed the presidential sash on Martinelli , a pro-business conservative who defeated a candidate from the ruling center-left party in May . The citizens of Panama "  want things to be done differently , " Varela said at the inauguration . "  An attitude of change starts today . " In his first speech as president , Martinelli promised a smaller government budget but raises for public workers . Public safety , an issue that the outgoing administration of Martin Torrijos struggled to maintain , will be a priority , Martinelli said . "  Our prisons will be rehabilitation centers , not schools for criminals , " he said . Panama will also work with Mexico and Colombia to combat drug trafficking in the region , Martinelli said . Among the dignitaries at the inauguration was deposed Honduran President Jose Manuel Zelaya , who was ousted in a military-led coup Sunday . The Organization of American States has condemned the coup , and Zelaya has continued to carry out his presidential duties . The son of Italian immigrants , Martinelli , 57 , is a self-made businessman who is chairman of the Super 99 supermarket chain , one of the largest private companies in Panama . The U.S.-educated president previously served as minister and chairman of the board of directors of the Panama Canal Authority and formerly was director of social security for Panama , according to his Web site . Martinelli won the presidency with 60 percent of the votes in a race against ruling-party candidate Balbina Herrera .	NEW : Deposed Honduran president attends ceremony Supermarket chain owner Ricardo Martinelli inaugurated Martinelli promises smaller government budget , raises for public workers New president says Panama will fight drug trafficking in region
CNN  -- Every year , millions of tons of milk deemed unsafe for human consumption are discarded in Europe . Now , a German company is turning the spilled milk into high-end fashion . Anke Domaske , a biochemist turned fashion designer , is the inventor of QMilch -- a fabric made entirely of milk . "  Milk fabric has been around since the 1930s , but the process involved chemicals . QMilch does n't , and it uses up fewer resources than natural fibers do , " said Domaske , whose fashion label Mademoiselle Chi Chi is a favorite with stars including Mischa Barton and Ashlee Simpson . The fabric is created from milk which is allowed to ferment before it is turned into a powder . It is then heated and mixed with other natural ingredients and turned into yarn . "  To make one kilo of cotton takes 20,000 liters of water ... our process only uses two liters of water , " said the 29-year-old entrepreneur , who hopes her environmentally friendly fabric will revolutionize the fashion industry . The fabric might use less water than cotton but it is far more expensive to produce -- QMilch costs around $ 30 per kilo to produce , compared to $ 3.8 per kilo for cotton yarn . QMilch has a similar feel to silk , and is marketed as a luxury fiber . But , unlike other labor intensive materials like silk -- whose commodity prices fluctuate depending on the markets and the weather -- the cost of QMilch is expected to be stable , which Domaske said is feeding into its popularity . "  We are just ordering machines for producing 1,000 tons per year , " she said . "  It is scaling up from producing two kilos per hour to 120 kilos per hour , " she added . The fabric , which Domaske said is non-allergenic , is attracting interest outside of fashion . Makers of hospital and hotel bedding , and even car upholstery firms , are keen to clad their products in the sustainable fabric formerly known as milk .	Every year , millions of tons of milk deemed unsafe for human consumption are discarded QMilch is a soft , sustainable and non-allergenic fabric made out of wasted milk QMilch costs around $ 30 per kilo to produce , compared to $ 3.8 per kilo for cotton yarn
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court has given big business , unions and nonprofits more power to spend freely in federal elections , a major turnaround that threatens a century of government efforts to regulate the power of corporations to bankroll American politics . A 5-4 conservative majority crafted a narrow overhaul of federal campaign spending Thursday that could have an immediate effect on this year 's congressional midterm elections . The justices eased long-standing restrictions on "  independent spending " by corporations and unions in political campaigns . "  When government seeks to use its full power , including the criminal law , to command where a person may get his or her information or what distrusted source he or she may not hear , it uses censorship to control thought , " Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote for the majority . "  The First Amendment confirms the freedom to think for ourselves . " The opinion radically alters the election calculus , offering greater spending flexibility for a broader range of for-profit and nonprofit groups seeking a voice in the crowded national political debate . Hours after the ruling , President Obama responded , saying the court has given "  the special interests and their lobbyists even more power in Washington -- while undermining the influence of average Americans who make small contributions to support their preferred candidates . " In a statement , he said he is telling his administration "  to get to work immediately with Congress on this issue . We are going to talk with bipartisan congressional leaders to develop a forceful response to this decision . The public interest requires nothing less . " "  The Supreme Court has given a green light to a new stampede of special interest money in our politics , " Obama said . "  It is a major victory for big oil , Wall Street banks , health insurance companies and the other powerful interests that marshal their power every day in Washington to drown out the voices of everyday Americans . " Reaction on the other side said the ruling was long overdue . "  The Supreme Court 's decision today is a victory for the First Amendment and the right of all Americans to participate in the political process , " said Theodore Olson , who successfully argued the case for the conservative Citizens United . In a dissent to the opinion , Justice John Paul Stevens wrote , "  In a democratic society , the long-standing consensus on the need to limit corporate campaign spending should outweigh the wooden applications of judge-made rules . " He added , "  The court 's ruling threatens to undermine the integrity of elected institutions around the nation . " The case was the first one heard on the bench for newest Justice Sonia Sotomayor , and she voted in dissent with her three more liberal colleagues . The issue hinged on whether corporations ' ability to pour money into election campaigns could be strictly regulated , or whether corporations have free-speech rights to spend their cash to influence elections , just as individual donors do . In this ruling , the justices also nullified earlier rulings upholding the core of a 6-year-old federal law aimed at curbing corporate campaign spending . Under current law , there are severe restrictions on campaign ads used by corporations for federal elections . They generally must be issue-focused -- talking about abortion or taxes , for instance -- and not expressly supporting or opposing a candidate . Those limits have now been generally removed . The specific case grew out of a documentary on Hillary Clinton . Produced last year by Citizens United , "  Hillary : The Movie " was a scorching attack on the then-presidential candidate . The filmmakers wanted to promote it during the heat of the 2008 primary season , but a federal court blocked any ads , as well as airings on cable television 's video on demand . On that specific question , the justices ruled against Citizens United , saying federal restrictions on broadcast ads are appropriate . "  Citizens United 's narrower arguments are not sustainable under a fair reading of the statute , " Kennedy wrote . The Washington-based nonprofit corporation and advocacy organization balked at campaign finance rules that would have required disclosure of its financial backers , and restrictions on when the film could air . It was financed with a mix of corporate and individual donations . Navigating the complex , ever-evolving landscape of election money rules has spurred a cottage industry of financial , political and legal armies , ready to do battle over the money and the message . The crux of this dispute , like others before it , is just how far the government may go to regulate campaign spending and campaign ads . In his opinion , Kennedy acknowledged that , but said Americans should be trusted to decide competing election issues . "  The appearance of influence or access , " he wrote , "  will not cause the electorate to lose faith in our democracy . " "  Our nation 's speech dynamic is changing , and informative voices should not have to circumvent onerous restrictions to exercise their First Amendment rights , " Kennedy said . "  The censorship we now confront is vast in its reach . " But Stevens , who read part of his harsh dissent from the bench , said , "  The court 's opinion is thus a rejection of the common sense of the American people , who have recognized a need to prevent corporations from undermining self-government since the founding . " Justice Samuel Alito and Chief Justice John Roberts were key to the ruling , agreeing with their more conservative colleagues . Alito replaced moderate Justice Sandra Day O'Connor , who upheld past corporate restrictions in 2003 , when the high court last confronted the issue . Section 203 of the comprehensive Bipartisan Campaign Finance Reform Act of 2002 , widely known as the McCain-Feingold law , bans the broadcast of "  electioneering communication " by corporations , trade groups , unions and some issue advocacy groups , if the material would air close to election dates and identify candidates by name or image . The law also requires an on-screen notice of the groups financing such ads , as well as public disclosure of all who donated to the sponsoring organizations . The landmark McCain-Feingold law took effect the day after the November 2002 elections . Among its many provisions are a ban on "  soft money , " the unlimited and unregulated contributions to national political parties ; a ban , in the 60 days before an election , on advocacy ads , those criticizing or supporting a candidate 's stand on an issue ; contribution limits ; and donor disclosure requirements . Much of McCain-Feingold remains unaffected by the high court 's latest ruling , including the current ban on large , unregulated donations to political parties and the candidates themselves by corporations . The case also does not affect political action committees , separate groups created by corporations , unions and others that can contribute directly to federal candidates . PAC money has a $ 5,000-per-candidate limit , and must be funded through voluntary contributions from employees , members or individuals , not by direct corporate or union treasuries . The ruling could have far-reaching effects beyond the federal arena . Twenty-two states have similar bans on corporate spending in state and local elections . Restrictions on money in gubernatorial , legislative and even judicial races could soon be a thing of the past . "  Campaign 2010 was already bulked up with the potential of campaign ad spending , " said Evan Tracey , president of Campaign Media Analysis Group and CNN 's consultant on political television advertising . "  Now it 's on steroids . " Excerpts of the movie and the ads can be viewed online at www.hillarythemovie.com . The case is Citizens United v. FEC  08-205  .	NEW : Ruling gives special interests "  more power in Washington , " president says Big business , unions , nonprofits get more power to spend freely in federal elections Majority : "  Speech dynamic is changing , " and "  onerous restrictions " need to be avoided Dissent : Need to limit spending should outweigh "  applications of judge-made rules "
CNN  -- Health problems prevented Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez from coming to Caracas for an inauguration ceremony Thursday , but throngs of supporters swore an oath of loyalty in his absence . Thousands of red-clad Chavez supporters packed the streets around the presidential palace for a symbolic swearing-in for the president 's fourth term . Read more : Venezuelan court says inauguration day delay for Chavez is OK Chavez , 58 , is undergoing cancer treatment in Cuba and has not made a public appearance since doctors operated on him a month ago . On Thursday , Vice President Nicolas Maduro called on the masses gathered to take an oath of "  absolute loyalty to the leadership of Comandante Hugo Chavez . " Read more : Chavez will not be sworn in on inauguration day "  I swear by the Bolivarian constitution that I will defend the presidency of Comandante Chavez in the street with reason , with truth and with the strength and intelligence of a people who have been liberated from the yoke of the bourgeoisie , " Maduro said . The crowd repeated his words , holding thousands of tiny copies of the constitution up in the air . Many waved flags and carried photos of the ailing president . Before he left for Cuba for surgery last month , Chavez said he wanted Maduro to assume the presidency if he becomes incapacitated and called on voters to support him at the polls . Read more : As Chavez battles cancer , Maduro waits in the wings Thursday 's rally came as authorities continue to reassure Venezuelans that Chavez 's government remains unified and intact just days after announcing that Chavez was n't well enough to be sworn in on Thursday , specified by the constitution as inauguration day . The country 's Supreme Court on Wednesday handed a victory to Chavez 's party , which had argued that the president did not need to be present at his swearing-in for his next term to begin . But several key questions remain : How long will Chavez be in Cuba for cancer treatment ? How dire is his medical situation ? And will simmering political tension about who 's running the country boil over ? Read more : With Chavez ill and inauguration near , uncertainty reigns in Venezuela Maduro did n't provide specifics about Chavez 's health condition Thursday but said he was still "  in battle . " "  From here we say , ` Comandante , do n't worry , continue your battle . Here there is a Bolivarian government and a revolutionary people supporting you , ' " Maduro said . In the rally , which lasted for hours and was broadcast on national television , thousands of Chavez supporters waved signs , chanted and sang . State television showed one supporter toting a handmade sign with a picture of Chavez next to a painting of Jesus . "  We came to support our president , " said Marbelys Pena , a resident of Venezuela 's Bolivar state who came to Caracas for Thursday 's rally . "  We really need him and we want him to get better . " Speaking from behind a podium that said "  We are all Chavez , " Latin American leaders and close allies of Venezuela pumped up the crowd with speeches praising the president and his political ideology . "  The issue of the health of brother Chavez is a problem and a worry not just of Venezuela , but of all the anti-imperialist , anti-capitalist people , " Bolivian President Evo Morales said . "  Soon , soon , he will return to lead this revolution , " Morales said , drawing cheers from the crowd . Uruguayan President Jose Mujica offered more somber words of encouragement . "  There is a man who is battling for his life , and he is in your hearts . ... But if he is not here tomorrow , unity , peace , and work , " he said . Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega described political opponents of Chavez as "  vultures " who were hoping for the Venezuelan president 's death and aiming to destabilize the country -- an accusation many speakers made at Thursday 's rally . Opposition politicians have argued that delaying Chavez 's swearing-in without designating a temporary replacement leaves no legitimate leader in charge of Venezuela . Chavez allies , including a majority of lawmakers in the country 's congress , have said he should remain in power while taking the time he needs to recuperate . Venezuela 's Supreme Court backed the government 's position , ruling that Chavez begins a new term on Thursday and can be sworn in later before the court . Last week , a government spokesman said Chavez was battling a severe lung infection that has caused respiratory failure . His condition remained unchanged , the government said in a statement Monday . "  Treatment has been administered permanently and rigorously , and the patient is supporting it , " the statement said . While reports from CNN affiliate Globovision included discussions of political uncertainty Wednesday , state television broadcasts showed presidents and foreign ministers arriving in Venezuela , walking on a red carpet at the airport as soldiers stood guard . Meanwhile , Venezuelan opposition leaders called on officials from other countries to cancel their plans to attend . Henrique Capriles , who lost to Chavez in October 's presidential election , said he had reached out to foreign ministries to ask them not to send representatives . "  They are trying to put presidents from the Americas in a political rally , " he said . CNN 's Mariano Castillo , Paula Newton and Rafael Romo and journalist Osmary Hernandez contributed to this report .	Venezuela 's vice president asks throngs of Chavez supporters to take a loyalty oath "  I swear ... to defend the presidency of Comandante Chavez , " they say Rally comes as authorities reassure residents that Chavez 's government continues Chavez is undergoing cancer treatment in Cuba and battling complications
EW.com  -- On Feb. 11 , 2009 , when Joaquin Phoenix made his infamous monosyllabic , grunged-out appearance on "  Late Show With David Letterman , " it inspired an orgy of media gossip fueled by a basic question : Was Phoenix having some sort of mental breakdown -- or was his whole shambling , beatnik-derelict routine an elaborate hoax ? "  I 'm Still Here , " Casey Affleck 's fascinating and scary documentary about his brother-in-law , is powerful evidence that the answer is neither -- and that , in fact , it 's much sadder . The movie , an artful piece of exploitation vérité , follows Phoenix 's self-righteous retirement from acting , his awkward attempt to relaunch himself as a hip-hop star , and his wasted retreat from human relationships . The Joaquin we see in "  I 'm Still Here " is a slurry , bloated shell of his former self , with taped sunglasses that never come off and unwashed hair that 's matted into crusty dreads . On stage in Miami , during the notorious performance where he dove into the audience to brawl with a spectator who ticked him off  apparently an easy thing to do  , the hapless violence that we all saw 100 times on YouTube is less shocking than the extraordinary , dilapidated numbness of Phoenix 's demeanor during his abbreviated rap song . Standing there in his shades and overly tight suit jacket , holding his cigarette as if he could n't be bothered to put it out for his act , Phoenix , without doing much of anything , radiates such smarmy contempt that you may think : Who is this -- the second coming of Andy Kaufman 's Tony Clifton ? A reincarnation of the last days of Lenny Bruce ? In "  I 'm Still Here , " Phoenix keeps saying that he wants to be a hip-hop musician , but he communicates a borderline indifference even to his own performance . And that suggests that his real mission is n't to be a rap star at all but to act out his superiority : to the curiosity seekers in the audience , to the legion of fans and movie industry colleagues whom he 's turned his back on . After all , why could n't he try to launch a music career without giving up his day job -- the way that , say , Jamie Foxx  who appears briefly on the same stage as Phoenix in a club in Las Vegas  has done ? The answer is that it 's all about " street cred . " By trashing what he 's done before , Phoenix thinks he 's not just another lowly entertainer on puppet strings but a pure artist who does n't give a damn about celebrity .  Even though his celebrity is the only reason anyone would begin to pay attention to his rap career . He 's become the kind of convoluted narcissist who flogs his sincerity until it becomes a twisted form of phoniness . That bedraggled desire to declare himself above and apart from everyone else is the defining feature of what now passes for Joaquin Phoenix 's " conversation . " As "  I 'm Still Here " goes on , he talks and talks but never really listens , gushing forth instead in a slovenly , rambling mash-up of self-pity and self-glorification . The look Phoenix is going for is late-period Jim Morrison  with worse hygiene  , but he sounds like a Gen-X Dennis Hopper before rehab . What the film reveals is that Phoenix , whom we see repeatedly snorting cocaine  and surrounded by empty beer bottles  , is less an enigmatic head case than a toxically ego-fueled drug casualty . Some of the movie is funny in a hungover , "  Entourage " - meets-Christopher Guest sort of way . When Ben Stiller shows up , with the script of Greenberg in hand , to offer Joaquin a role in the movie , Phoenix is so blurry and out-of-it that it 's clear he has never even looked at the script and has absolutely no idea which role he 's being pitched . He assumes that Stiller wants him to play Greenberg -- which only caps how annoyed Stiller is to be wasting his time with this bum . The story is n't over , though . When Stiller shows up as a presenter on the Academy Awards , in full-bearded Joaquin costume , it 's now clearer , in hindsight , that he was getting his revenge . That Phoenix 's handlers -- and Casey Affleck -- enable his behavior by never attempting an intervention amounts to an ethical lapse . Yet the film 's unflinching honesty is , in the end , its own justification . Affleck uses Phoenix 's descent to forge a riveting -- and , in its way , cautionary -- case study of a celebrity self-destructively addicted to his own psychodrama . Phoenix may say that he 's left acting behind , but whether he 's trolling the Internet for hookers , trying  hilariously  to convince Diddy to produce his rap album , getting huffy with an entertainment journalist at a junket for Two Lovers , or lashing out at fame while still enjoying all of its perks , the movie understands that his Last Honest Man in Showbiz routine is really a performance -- even if it 's one the actor himself is only dimly aware of . The real hoax is the one that Phoenix has perpetrated on himself . It 's the illusion  to quote one of his bad hip-hop songs  that he 's a " compli-f -- in ' - cated " rebel rather than just another vain burnout who needs help . EW grade : A - See full article at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2010 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  I 'm Still Here " follows Joaquin Phoenix 's self-righteous retirement from acting In the movie , Phoenix is a slurry , bloated shell of his former self The film 's unflinching honesty is , in the end , its own justification
LONDON , England  CNN  -- If treating heroin addicts by giving them heroin seems counterintuitive , having the government fund that addiction to the tune of more than $ 22,000 per patient per year comes across as downright radical . A heroin addict identified as Sarah says the program had an almost immediate affect on her life . A newly released British study , however , found that daily heroin injections given to hard-to-treat addicts as part of a comprehensive program succeeded in treating those addicts and reducing crime . The use of street heroin was reduced by three quarters and the crimes committed trying to get drugs were cut by two-thirds , the study found . "  The intensity of the program is quite striking , " said John Strang , who led the research team at Britain 's National Addiction Centre , associated with King 's College in London . "  The bond that is formed and the commitment that 's established between the patient coming in for treatment and the staff is far greater than you would ever ordinarily see . " Taking heroin off the streets seems to be making a difference . Researchers injected heroin in a safe , stable environment at medically supervised clinics . They crucially paired that with intensive counseling and addiction treatment . The researchers reported that benefits were evident just six weeks into treatment among users who had failed at other kinds of treatment . One of those participants was "  Sarah , " who said that after coping with her addiction for more than 20 years , she lost hope that anything would work . Watch Sarah describe the program " Sarah described how the program had an almost immediate affect on her life . She said she was able to keep a schedule , stop buying drugs on the street and gain an appreciation of what her life could be like if she was n't so consumed by getting high . "  You 'll always be an addict basically ; it 's about managing it and leading a positive life " said Sarah , adding , "  It quickly became , well , I actually do want to stop . I do n't really want to have to stick needles in me all my life . " Her biggest fear now is that the program will be cut or shut down if the government deems it too controversial . Another patient , who asked to be identified as "  Emma , " said , "  The morality of it was taken out of the question . I was n't being condemned for it and at last I could start taking responsibility in a rational way . " Emma described being chaotic , confused , emaciated and always dreaming about her next fix . By contrast , she said , the program made her feel cared for , supported and , above all , confident that she could kick the heroin habit . "  This thing that was the meaning of your life is becoming the thing that is getting in the way of your life and it becomes very unattractive , " she said . Strang said the stubborn nature of heroin addiction is proof that getting addicts into treatment is really a shallow achievement , because many will eventually turn to drugs again . He believes this promising approach could change the way hard-to-treat addicts are treated and convince the government that the initial high cost offers good value . "  From the cost point of view , if you actually look at the bigger picture , cheap treatment is n't always good treatment . If cheap treatment does n't deliver any benefit then it 's particularity bad value , " Strang said . The reduction in crime found by the study mirrors results in a handful of studies in other countries . The treatment is relatively expensive , about $ 22,000 per patient , per year . But in Britain many are coming to terms with the fact that keeping a person in prison can cost three times that . If the encouraging results continue , Britain could one day set up permanent clinics around the country , dispensing heroin for its most hard-to-treat addicts .	British program gives daily injections to addicts as part of a comprehensive program Injections are paired that with intensive counseling and addiction treatment Program costs $ 22,000 per patient per year ; proponents say that 's cheaper than jail Patient : "  I could start taking responsibility in a rational way "
CNN  -- FIFA president Sepp Blatter told CNN Wednesday that on-field racism was not a problem in football , remarks which caused a stir on the social-networking site Twitter . Blatter told CNN World Sport anchor Pedro Pinto that players who have been abused should shake hands with their opponent upon the final whistle and move on . Later he used his official @SeppBlatter account to reaffirm the commitment global football 's governing body has to stamping out racism and discrimination within soccer . "  Racism and discrimination of any kind have no place in football . I have said this many times before , and I will say it again and again , " tweeted the 75-year-old . "  However -- and it is not an excuse -- sometimes , in the heat of the moment , things are said and done on the field of play which are wrong . " FIFA chief Blatter : ` No on-field racism ' But Blatter also stated that he does not believe player-to-player racial abuse is prevalent in football , saying the game is often a unifying force . "  This does not mean that , in general , there is racism on the field of play . Football unites people more than it divides them . " Chelsea and England captain John Terry is currently the subject of an investigation by London 's Metropolitan Police into alleged racial abuse of Queens Park Rangers defender Anton Ferdinand . CNN Blog : How should football tackle racism ? Manchester United and England star Rio Ferdinand is the brother of Anton and he took to Twitter to express his disbelief at Blatter 's comments . "  Tell me I have just read Sepp Blatter 's comments on racism in football wrong ... if not then I am astonished , " said Ferdinand . "  I feel stupid for thinking that football was taking a leading role against racism ... it seems it was just on mute for a while . " Ferdinand then addressed a question directly to Blatter , saying : " @SeppBlatter your comments on racism are so condescending its almost laughable . If fans shout racist chants but shake our hands is that ok ? " Piers Morgan , host of CNN 's Piers Morgan Tonight , condemned Blatter 's remarks as "  utterly outrageous " . He wrote : "  Sepp Blatter just gave every racist in football a license to abuse . Even by his standards this is utterly outrageous . " Suarez charged by FA over Evra comments The ` Kick It Out ' group , who campaign to banish racism from football in England and Europe said in a statement : "  These comments are worryingly out of touch . "  Shaking hands to compensate for a racial slur is not what the game has signed up to , and trivializes the work of campaigns like Kick It Out , which has been in the vanguard of rooting out discrimination and unacceptable behavior in our game for the best part of two decades . " Former England and Liverpool striker Stan Collymore called on Blatter to end his 13-year reign at the top of global football . "  Mr Blatter , your comments about racism are ill-thought and condescending in the extreme . You should resign , " Collymore tweeted . Jermaine Jenas is an England international currently on-loan at Aston Villa from Tottenham Hotspur . The midfielder called Blatter 's comments "  ridiculous " . "  How can the head of the footballing world be so ignorant towards racism ! Sepp Blatter 's quotes are ridiculous . #educateyourself . " Sports Illustrated senior writer Grant Wahl was baffled by Blatter 's remarks , echoing the calls for the FIFA chief to step down . "  Sepp Blatter tells @Pedrocnn any racist abuse between players should be settled with a handshake , " said Wahl . "  Mind-boggling . Go away Sepp . " Raphael Honigstein is a journalist and European football expert who also joined the growing call for Blatter to quit . "  Blatter has really lost it . Go now , Sepp . " he said .	Footballers and journalists have reacted to Sepp Blatter 's comments on racism FIFA president told CNN players who are abused should shake hands and move on Manchester United 's Rio Ferdinand has condemned Blatter 's remarks CNN 's Piers Morgan called Blatter 's comments "  utterly outrageous "
Anderson , South Carolina  CNN  -- Marco Rubio came to South Carolina this week hoping to win over the kind of conservative hardliners who turned on him last year as the Senate immigration reform bill he sponsored hit a roadblock in the Republican-controlled House . By the time Rubio addressed a massive GOP fundraiser here on Monday evening , it was n't his right flank he had to worry about . The Florida senator and likely presidential candidate was the headline speaker at a "  Faith and Freedom " barbecue fundraiser for Rep. Jeff Duncan , the tea party-backed congressman who represents what many Republicans consider the most conservative House district in the state . After a succession of speeches from South Carolina Republican notables like Sen. Lindsey Graham and Gov. Nikki Haley , Rubio took the stage in Anderson to applause , but was quickly interrupted by a group of protestors -- self-identified DREAMers , young immigrants brought to the country illegally as minors -- who loudly heckled the senator for abandoning last year 's sweeping immigration package when it was met with harsh resistance on the right . For an ambitious Republican looking to prove his conservative bona fides and rub out the stain of working with Chuck Schumer and Harry Reid , the interruption was something of a gift . A plugged-in Republican operative turned to a reporter and observed dryly , "  I could n't think of a better way to make Rubio look good in South Carolina . " The audience of nearly 1,200 conservatives jeered the protestors as Rubio waited for them to be escorted out of the Anderson Civic Center , scolding them in the process . "  We are a sovereign country that deserves to have immigration laws , " Rubio said . "  You 're doing harm to your own cause because you do n't have a right to illegally immigrate to the United States . " The crowd cheered him on . One elderly audience member shoved a protester as he weaved his way through the tables . Another , 73-year old Army veteran Turk Culberson , angrily stalked them out of the building , clutching his cane as if it were a baseball bat . "  I let my temper get the better of me , " Culberson said after the incident . "  But there was no place for that kind of thing . If you do n't want to hear what he has to say , do n't come . " Rubio plunges into immigration debate The remainder of Rubio 's speech cemented his standing with the deeply Republican crowd . A member of the Senate Foreign Relations and Intelligence committees , Rubio has championed a muscular foreign policy and tapped hawkish neoconservative thinkers as his foreign policy advisers . He spent much of the evening lambasting President Barack Obama 's handling of overseas affairs , from the Middle East to Asia . "  If you want to know the state of the world today , it is chaos , " he said . He pivoted to cultural issues , blasting tax laws that discourage marriage and a culture that regards divorce as no big deal . "  The most important job we have is not congressman or senator or governor , " he said . "  It 's family and mother and husband and wife . " Though several attendees said they had lingering questions about his immigration stance and wanted to hear more from him in the coming months , most of the Republicans who spoke to CNN complimented his speech . "  That crowd was with him 100 % , " said MaryAnn Riley , a longtime member of the Spartanburg County Republican Women . Riley , though , cautioned that she was open to supporting other potential Republican presidential candidates , naming Rick Perry and even former GOP nominee Mitt Romney as possible choices . Duncan , who fiercely opposed Rubio 's immigration efforts in 2013 , said the senator "  will have to explain " his position to South Carolinians if he seeks the GOP nomination . But Duncan had kind words for the man who graced his fundraiser . "  Marco Rubio believes in faith and freedom , " he said . Graham , a fellow hawk in the Senate , was more generous in his remarks . He described Rubio as "  the son of Ronald Reagan when it comes to national security . " Just as important as Rubio 's public appearance were the carefully-curated private meetings that his advisers arranged prior to the dinner speech . South Carolina back in 2016 spotlight In his first trip to South Carolina since addressing a GOP fundraiser in Columbia two summers ago , Rubio spent the day in a series of closed-door sessions with influential local activists and potential financial backers , specifically courting the Christian conservatives who dominate grassroots Republican politics in the South Carolina upstate . Rubio advisers organized a meeting for the senator with senior officials from Bob Jones University , making Rubio the first Republican presidential contender to cultivate leaders at the famed Christian university . He also entertained questions from over 40 social conservatives at the Greenville home of Lisa van Riper , the well-connected president of South Carolina Citizens For Life . Tony Beam , the host of a drive-time Christian talk radio show that broadcasts throughout the upstate , said Rubio spoke for 10 minutes about "  bedrock conservative values " while at Van Riper 's home , stressing his opposition to same-sex marriage , before taking questions . Beam said he was "  very moved " by Rubio 's remarks , comparing the 43-year old Cuban-American to Ronald Reagan . "  I was very impressed with his grasp of the issues , " Beam said . "  But the thing that impressed me most was his optimism and belief in America , the kind that I first heard from Ronald Reagan when I was a kid in college . That 's what I 've been searching for . That 's something that 's missing in conservative messaging today . I was very moved . " Rubio , too , held a Greenville fundraiser for his political operation , Reclaim America PAC , which has so far spent half a million dollars on behalf of Republican candidates in 2014 . The event attracted donors and business leaders from around the state , as well as another member of the South Carolina congressional delegation , Rep. Trey Gowdy . Still , Rubio brushed off questions about his presidential aspirations in a session with reporters , giving them a pat answer about waiting until after the midterms before making a decision about a White House run . He did take a moment to bash Hillary Clinton , the putative Democratic frontrunner . "  She is responsible for at least four of the six yeas of this disastrous foreign policy , " he said . "  She was the secretary of state , the chief foreign policy officer of the Obama administration at a time when it is now universally accepted that his policy is a fiasco . " That comment drew a feisty retort from Clinton allies , who accused Rubio of pandering to "  right-wing extremists . " "  He flip-flopped on his own immigration bill to keep them satisfied , thinks minimum wage does n't work and said Medicare and Social Security ` weakened us as a people , ' " said Adrienne Watson , spokeswoman for the pro-Clinton super PAC Correct The Record . "  Americans are looking for a leader like Hillary Clinton to unite us , increase mobility and move our country forward . " As for the immigration flare-up earlier in the evening , Rubio stuck to his guns , saying that a path to legal status for undocumented immigrants is impossible without first securing the border and then re-structuring the current immigration system . "  I do n't know of anyone in Washington who has taken more criticism for supporting elements of what they are asking for , " he said . "  But what they are asking for and insisting upon is unrealistic . This notion that we are going to pass some kind of blanket amnesty is not realistic . " Outside the civic center , one of the immigration hecklers -- Charlotte , North Carolina , resident Oliver Merino -- promised to hound Rubio with similar protests wherever he goes . Merino , a member of the DREAM Organizing Network , a group that works to halt immigrant deportations , scoffed at the notion that Rubio could win over Hispanic voters if he secures the Republican nomination . "  He wants people like me to be deported , " Merino said . "  He does n't stand with our community . We want people to know that . Wherever he goes , we will let him know that . " With Congress divided , Obama to go his own way on immigration	The Florida senator is a likely candidate for the GOP presidential nomination He was a speaker at the "  Faith and Freedom " barbecue fundraiser Monday night Group of DREAMers heckled him during his speech Conservatives liked what they heard , but want him to explain his views on immigration
CNN  -- The systematic use of performance enhancing substances within Lance Armstrong 's former U.S. Postal Service team has been detailed by one cyclist who resisted the temptation to dope . A U.S. Anti-Doping Agency  USADA  report accused seven-time Tour de France winner Armstrong of being involved in "  the most sophisticated , professionalized and successful doping program that sport has ever seen . " Armstrong 's representatives dismissed the 1,000-page report as "  a hatchet job " , but the experiences of former U.S. Postal Service cyclist Scott Mercier suggest a culture of doping existed within the team before Armstrong joined 14 years ago . Mercier claims he was given steroids by team doctor Pedro Celaya as part of a grueling training program in 1997 , a year before Armstrong joined the team . Celaya did not reply when asked for a response by CNN , but he has denied the accusations to other media outlets . "  The only race I did that spring was in Switzerland , called the Tour of Romandie , " Mercier explained to CNN , referring to the 1997 season . "  Pedro called the riders into his room one by one , and when I got there he gave me a training program . "  This program was on a calendar . We were supposed to recover because it had been a hard season , but there was a two-week block , about 16 days , where on each day he had dots or stars . "  We were supposed to do 200 to 250 kilometers per day . I asked him , ` what are these stars and dots for ? ' He handed me a zip lock bag full of pills and vials . I asked him , ` what do I have here ? ' and he said , ` these are steroids . ' He said , ` you will go strong like bull . ' " Steroids increase the speed at which muscles can be built , although they can enhance masculine characteristics . Mercier was warned to not take any of the pills or liquids while he was racing , but he made the decision to avoid taking any of the substances . He persevered with his own training regime , but simply could not keep up with his teammates . "  I was living in South Africa at that time , " continued Mercier . "  I decided to talk to my wife and that is when I decided I did n't want to be a professional anymore . "  I attempted to do the training program anyway and still got pretty fit , but you could n't go everyday . "  Most people think you bulk up on steroids , but all it really does is allow you to recover so you can do the same effort . If you 're doing endurance , you will stay light and get fast . " Statistics back up what Mercier suggests . The Tour de France 's L'Alpe d'Huez is one of the most storied ascents in cycling and in 1986 , five-time general classification winner Bernard Hinault completed the climb in 48 minutes . Marco Pantani now holds the record for the climb . His time , set in 1997 , is 10 minutes and 25 seconds faster than that of Hinault . Armstrong clocked a time of 37 minutes and 36 seconds , just one second slower than Pantani , in 2004 . Pantani , who was ejected from the 1999 Giro d'Italia following an abnormal blood reading , died of a cocaine overdose in 2004 . Mercier feels that Celaya thought he was acting in the best interests of the riders , helping them to compete while also preventing them seeking drugs via riskier avenues . Dr Luis Garcia Del Moral replaced Celaya at the U.S. Postal team in 1999 . Celaya was sacked as Armstrong "  did not feel that Celaya was aggressive enough in running the ` program , ' " according to the evidence given to USADA by U.S. Postal rider Jonathan Vaughters . "  Pedro was looking out for our interests , " said Mercier . "  He was n't doing anything that anyone else was n't doing . He was trying to make sure the team would be competitive in a safe way . "  I really think he was trying to help us with our health so we were n't doing it in some back alley . " While Mercier admits to occasionally wondering what might have been had he decided to dope , he has no regrets over his decision to turn his back on professional cycling . "  People have said , ` geez , it was such a brave thing you did . ' I did have a contract with Postal to go on for ' 98 , I 'm not sure I look at it the same way . "  It was heartbreaking but I knew that if I went and continued racing in ' 98 , I was n't going to be strong enough to continue to race with my peers putting me in the gutter and me not being competitive . I knew I would do what I had to do to be competitive . "  I guess to avoid that situation I think is cowardly . But I decided I 'm not strong enough , I need to move out of my profession . " Now team doctor with Radioshack , the last team Armstrong raced for , Celaya will go before the Court of Arbitration for Sport later this year as he contests the charges brought against him by USADA . Despite the success enjoyed by other members of the Postal Service team such as Olympic gold medalist Tyler Hamilton and George Hincapie , who rode alongside Armstrong in each of his seven Tour de France wins , Mercier is happy with the decision he made to preserve his integrity rather than chase fame and fortune . Both Hamilton and Hincapie testified against Armstrong in USADA 's report , while admitting to using performance enhancing substances . "  I would n't trade places with George Hincapie and his millions , or Tyler Hamilton and his Olympic medal . "  My wife said to me , ` Imagine you 're coming home and telling your son and daughter daddy is a liar , a cheat and a fraud . You do n't have to do that . ' "  So I feel good about the decision I 've made , I would n't change anything . " Both Hamilton and Hincapie testified against Armstrong in USADA 's report , while admitting to using performance enhancing substances .	Former U.S. Postal Service rider Scott Mercier claims there was a culture of doping Mercier says he was offered steroids by team doctor Pedro Celaya in 1997 Celeya denies the accusations and will challenge USADA at Court of Arbitration for Sport Former teammates of Lance Armstrong have testified against the famous cyclist
A military standoff with terrorists at a Kenyan mall was apparently drawing to a close Tuesday after four days of carnage left at least 61 civilians and six security officers dead . Five terrorists were killed , and 11 other suspects are in custody , Kenya 's president said . About 175 people were injured , he said . As authorities indicated the siege was all but over , many questions will have to be answered , such as did the terrorists include Americans , a British subject and a Canadian national , as claimed by Al-Shabaab , the Islamic extremists who took responsibility for the gun attack . Attackers defeated , Kenya 's president says For now , Kenya reels from a horrific terror attack at Nairobi 's upscale Westgate Mall -- frequented by well-to-do Kenyans and the expatriate community -- which began just after high noon Saturday . Day One : Saturday It was a nice day at the 80-store mall . A cooking competition was held for youths , perhaps some aspiring to become chefs . Visitors stocked up on staples at a supermarket or sipped coffee at a cafe . Without warning , gunmen stormed the mall , shooting people outside the five-story structure and then inside it . Shoppers said they also heard grenades exploding . Other witnesses described it "  like a Hollywood-action scene , " said hospital volunteer Abiti Shah . Mall customers crawled beneath cars in the parking lot and found cover in stairwells and a women 's bathroom , presumably because the gunmen would be reluctant to look in that gender 's restrooms . ` Westgate bad , blood ... I ran , ran , ran ' Attackers went from store to store , taking hostages or randomly firing upon people . Gunmen asked customers whether they were Muslim . The terrorists apparently allowed people of that faith to escape from the mall . The chaos included an unclear report on deaths . Finally , by day 's end , 39 people were counted as killed -- a number that would grow . Several hours into the terror assault , an al-Qaeda offshoot in neighboring Somalia called Al-Shabaab used its Twitter account to claim responsibility . Authorities now learned who they were dealing with , and the international community condemned the terror , including the Kenyan president whose nephew and his fiancée were among those killed . Day Two : Sunday The terrorists continued their siege of the mall , and confusion prevailed over the number of deaths and hostages . Security forces decided to launch a "  major assault " on the mall , police said . As another violent day unfolded , "  most of the hostages " were rescued , and security forces took control of "  most parts " of the mall , the Kenyan military said . Gunfire punctuated the day . Between the bullets are moments of silence . Soldiers surrounded the mall . Authorities numbered the gunmen involved in the attack : 10 to 15 attackers . Further , unconfirmed reports emerged on who they could be : As many as three are from the United States , two are from Somalia and one each from Canada , Finland , Kenya and the United Kingdom . That information came from sources within Al-Shabaab who spoke to CNN about nine names published on Twitter who were purported to be the alleged hostage-takers . Bergen : Al-Shabaab 's American allies CNN could n't independently confirm that claim by Al-Shabaab . "  All efforts are underway to bring this matter to a speedy conclusion , " the Kenyan military said . Day Three : Monday The first announcement about deaths on the other side of the siege is made : Three terrorists have been killed , authorities said . So far , more than 200 civilians have been rescued , they added . But 11 Kenyan soldiers have been wounded , the military said . Kenyan officials reassured the world that they were in control of the mall . The terrorists have little chance of escape , authorities said . But sporadic gunfire sent aid workers and journalists running for cover . Inside the mall , the terrorists ignited a fire , spewing heavy smoke throughout the afternoon . "  We 're not here to feed the attackers with pastries but to finish and punish them , " Kenyan police Inspector General David Kimaiyo warned on Twitter . Even away from the mall , the country faced intensified security . At various locations , more than 10 people were taken into custody for questioning about the attack , including at least four people from an airport . Opinion : What does attack mean for Kenyan security ? Authorities released a few details about the death toll : Most of the dead were apparently Kenyans , but the slain included six British citizens , two French nationals , two Indians and two Canadians , including a diplomat , their governments said . Among the 175 people wounded were five Americans , the State Department said . In response to the unconfirmed claim that the terrorists included Americans , U.S. authorities reviewed intelligence reports for evidence of a U.S. connection to the attack , law enforcement sources said . But a senior U.S. official said the claim was n't looking too solid . Final Day ? Tuesday As the world anxiously awaited a conclusion to the terrorists ' siege of the mall , President Uhuru Kenyatta announced forces killed five terrorists at the mall and arrested 11 others for possible ties to the attack . "  We have ashamed and defeated our attackers , " the president said . That announcement , however , did n't answer important questions : were there foreign nationals among the terrorists , what happened to the hostages and what 's the status of the 65 people that the Red Cross says are unaccounted for ? Identification of some victims provided glimpses into the terrorists ' alleged barbarity : A pregnant Dutch woman expecting her first child in October was killed , along with her husband architect who was building hospitals and clinics for free . Another woman , who was seven months pregnant , was slain . A boy , age 8 , was dead , along with his father . The material condition of the besieged mall evoked a war scene : three floors of the mall collapsed during the government 's counter-offensive against the terrorists , trapping bodies inside , the president said . Those trapped bodied include terrorists , Kenyatta said . "  Our attackers wish to destroy the essential character of our society . They failed , " Kenyatta said . "  Kenya endures . "	Kenya 's president indicates terrorists ' siege of Nairobi mall has ended The gunfire , carnage , hostage-taking lasts four days A nice day with a kids ' cooking contest becomes nightmarish as gunmen storm upscale mall The complex now evokes war imagery , with three collapsed floors trapping bodies
CNN  -- If you 're trying to lose weight , close your eyes for a minute and imagine the moments that make you fat . Think through your day , and you 'll see them , as big and obvious as a hot fudge sundae sitting right in front of you . You 've been good all day , and wham , your friends suggest you go to a buffet for dinner ; or you 've diligently worked out and wham , you end up at a cocktail party with an array of the most killer desserts ever . Do n't rely on your willpower to get you through these tough times , advises James Hill , executive director of the Anschutz Health and Wellness Center at the University of Colorado . "  Willpower is not inexhaustible , " he says . "  You only have a certain amount of it , and it 's gone . " The key is to accept the fact that your willpower will run out at some point , and plan strategies to get you through fattening situations . Here are the top five moments that make you fat , and what you can do to outwit them . On vacation The problem : You 're on vacation and you want to kick back , relax , and enjoy the local cuisine -- but you do n't want to come home with pounds to shed . The solution : "  Go for it , " advises Frances Largeman-Roth , a registered dietitian and senior food and nutrition editor at Health magazine . But share with others . If you 're in Paris , for example , do n't skip a visit to the bakery -- that would be tres triste -- but share the goodies with friends . After a break-up The problem : You want to bury your sorrows in a pint of ice cream . The solution : "  Instead of meeting your friend for a drink to dish about your ex , meet up for a power walk or run , " Largeman-Roth advises . Also , sign up for a team that is training for a 5K or some other race to distract your self and meet new people . A party with fabulous food The problem : You 're at a party and everything looks delicious . It 's free , it 's in front of you , and no one 's stopping you . The solution : Do n't arrive famished , says Dr. Melina Jampolis , CNNHealth 's diet and fitness expert . Eat a small protein snack before the party , such as a few slices of turkey , a half a cup of low-fat cottage cheese , or half a protein bar . Also , limit your alcohol , and not just because it 's caloric , but because if it 's hard to control yourself while you 're sober , imagine how much harder it is while tipsy . Watching TV The problem : You want to plop in front of the television with a high-fat snack . The solution : Use a small bowl , Largeman-Roth says , or snack on frozen grapes or veggies with a yogurt-based dip . At a buffet , or a restaurant with enormous portions The problem : Buffets offer limitless amounts of food , and much of it has tons of calories . Restaurants with big portions of delicious foods make it hard to push the plate away . The solution : Simply do n't go to buffet restaurants , Hill advises . But if you really have to , sit at a table where you can face away from the buffet -- Jampolis says studies show people who face away tend to eat less -- and load up initially on fruits , vegetables , and lean proteins so  at least hopefully  you wo n't have enough room for the bad stuff . At the end of the meal , she suggests having everyone at the table get just one dessert and share , so you get a little taste of lots of things . As for big portion restaurants , the trick is to get the doggy bag at the front end , not the back end . Hill suggests when you order your meal , ask for half of your dinner to be brought to you on a plate , and the other half in a to-go box .	Do n't rely on your willpower to get you through tough times , expert says Post break-up , meet friends for a power walk or join a 5K team to meet people Sharing treats on vacation or at a restaurant limits calories
CNN  -- Michael Clarke Duncan , nominated for an Academy Award for his role in the 1999 film "  The Green Mile , " died Monday morning at age 54 , according to a representative for his family . Duncan "  suffered a myocardial infarction on July 13 and never fully recovered , " a written statement from Joy Fehily said . Clarke died at a Los Angeles hospital where he had been since having the heart attack more than seven weeks ago . According to TMZ , it was Duncan 's girlfriend Omarosa Manigault-Stallworth , a reality star and former contestant on "  The Apprentice , " who had acted quickly and provided lifesaving efforts when he had the heart attack . Most recently he was on the TV series , "  The Finder , " on the Fox network . His co-star Mercedes Masohn tweeted : "  Today is a sad day . Michael Clark Duncan passed away this morning . Known for his moving performance in The Green Mile . RIP MCD . You 'll b missed . " Read other tributes to the late actor According to Entertainment Weekly , the TV series was canceled in May . A towering and hulking figure , the 6-foot-5-inch Duncan also was known for his deep voice . A Chicago native , Duncan went to college at Alcorn State University in Mississippi with plans to major in communications , but he dropped out and moved home . In his 20s , he worked digging ditches for Peoples Gas during the day and as a bouncer at night . He told CNN in 1999 that his coworkers at the gas company called him "  Hollywood " because he 'd often talk about becoming a movie star . "  I 'd be digging a ditch and they 'd say , ` Hey , man , Bruce Willis wants to talk to you about a movie . ' And they 'd just crack up laughing , " he said while doing press for ` The Green Mile . ' "  Those coworkers had no way of knowing how that joke would turn on them . " In 1990 , he decided to measure up his nickname and he moved to Los Angeles . He worked as a bodyguard then got a part in a commercial as a drill sergeant . More roles followed -- often ones that depended more on his 315-pound frame than his acting ability . He was a guard in "  Back in Business , " a bouncer in "  A Night at the Roxbury , " a bouncer for 2 Live Crew in "  The Players Club , " and a bouncer at a bar in the Warren Beatty film "  Bulworth . " In 1998 , he landed his first significant movie part , playing Bear in the film "  Armageddon , " where a crew of drillers from an oil rig save the Earth from an asteroid . "  Armageddon " was the beginning of his friendship with Bruce Willis . They appeared in four films together . And it was Willis who called ` The Green Mile ' director Frank Darabont to put in a good word for Duncan . In the Oscar-nominated film , Duncan played John Coffey , the huge black man wrongly convicted in a Louisiana town for the rapes and murders of two white girls . Coffey has supernatural powers , though ; his hands can heal , even bring back the dead . A microcosm of faith , Coffey is a messenger of hope and lost hope who develops a relationship with Tom Hanks ' character , a guard named Paul Edgecomb . Film critic Roger Ebert wrote that Duncan 's performance "  is both acting and being . " Ebert tweeted Monday that Duncan was "  A striking screen presence . " Duncan was nominated for an Academy Award nomination for best supporting actor , which was won that year by Michael Caine for "  The Cider House Rules . " Dwayne "  The Rock " Johnson , who starred with Duncan in the movie "  The Scorpion King " said on Twitter : "  When something happens , we always say it happens for a reason ... Michael Clarke Duncan 12/10/57 - 9/3/12 I 'll miss you my brother . " According to the Internet Movie Database , Duncan had two completed projects that have yet to be released on a nationwide basis . He is slated to appear in "  The Challenger , " a boxing movie written and directed by Kent Moran . He will also appear in the Robert Townsend film , "  In the Hive , " about an alternative school for boys who have been kicked out of other schools . One of his co-stars in that film was Vivica A. Fox . "  My heart is shocked and saddened !! RIP Micheal Clark Duncan . U were the most gentle giant and the most gracious of a man ! U wont b 4gotten ! " she tweeted . People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived	Actor won critical acclaim for his role in ` The Green Mile ' At 6 feet 5 inches tall , he was a towering figure Duncan also was known for his deep voice He suffered a heart attack in July and never recovered , a family representative says
CNN  -- For the sorcerers who practice the dark arts of politics , the hot summer months are generally known for their focus on triviality , hyperbole and petty posturing . This "  silly season " is marked mostly by frivolous debates over manufactured controversies as voters tune out and cook out in parks and backyards across the country . So it comes as no surprise that the latest bit of feigned outrage to embroil the United States Department of Agriculture involves an interoffice newsletter recommending that employees consider taking a modest stab at common sense . Joining the ranks of thousands of companies , restaurants , schools , average Americans and Oprah , a recent newsletter from the USDA made a humble suggestion for its employees to reduce their environmental footprints : Consider eating a meat-free lunch once per week . The agency was referring to "  Meatless Monday , " a project of Johns Hopkins , Columbia and Syracuse universities and supported by many other health-related organizations . After angry press releases from the meat industry and outraged tweets from Republicans in Congress , a USDA spokeswoman announced the agency does not endorse the "  Meatless Monday " initiative and said the suggestion was posted on the agency 's website "  without proper clearance . " Problem solved , I guess . But the rationale behind an idea like "  Meatless Monday " is crystal clear . It 's exactly the kind of step USDA should be endorsing . The reality is that it takes massive amounts of land , water , fertilizer , oil and other resources to produce meat , significantly more than it requires to grow other nutritious and delicious kinds of food . Because meat production is so resource intensive , livestock farming actually accounts for 18 % of global greenhouse gas emissions . Cattle farming alone consumes nearly 8 % of global human water use . My own organization , Oxfam , an international relief and development organization , recently endorsed the idea of eating less meat and dairy as part of our GROW campaign to fight global hunger . We did a study and found that if a family of four decided to swap burgers or other beef for lentils just one meal a week , they could save about 12Â 1/2 Olympic-size swimming pools of fresh water over the course of a year . If that seems like an astronomically large amount of water for such a small change , it 's because it is . Meatless Mondays might seem like an unlikely cause for a humanitarian organization to champion . But Oxfam is working on this issue because as diets around the world change and the population swells to 9 billion over the coming decades , our planet will need to produce up to 70 % more food even as we use fewer resources . If we do n't reduce our environmental footprints as we increase production , poor people , particularly women , will be the first to suffer . Eating less meat is a simple way to reduce the pressure on global resources and help ensure that everyone has enough to eat . To say it simply , eating less meat helps fight hunger . The meat industry would argue that eating less meat would damage the bottom line of American farmers . But farmers are already struggling just to keep up with the spiking global demand for meat , which experts predict could nearly double by 2050 . Eating less meat could help slow this unsustainable increase , but U.S. farms wo n't suffer as a result . Swapping out meat just once per week would also help reduce the emissions that are contributing to climate change and extreme weather . Farmers across the United States are facing the worst drought in a generation , leading the USDA to declare 1,369 counties in 31 states as disaster areas . The weather has caused massive crop failures , driving a significant spike in the price of corn . While it may be hard to know exactly what role climate change has played in causing the drought , there is no doubt that these kinds of events are exactly what we expect to experience more frequently and with greater severity because of the changing climate . Our study looked at what would happen if urban and suburban households in just four countries -- the United States , United Kingdom , Spain and Brazil -- decided to swap beef for lentils just once a week . We found that the emissions reductions from this tiny step alone would be the equivalent of taking 3.7 million cars off the road for a year . Sadly , facts like these are not enough to avoid the silly season altogether , or to persuade the USDA to ignore the self-serving indignation of the meat industry and keep a reasonable suggestion on its site . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ben Grossman-Cohen .	USDA 's newsletter suggesting employees forgo meat once a week causes uproar Ben Grossman-Cohen : Meat industry , politicians slam USDA , so it backs off It takes huge amounts of land , water , fertilizer , oil to produce meat , he writes He says eating less meat reduces use of resources and ensures everyone gets fed
CNN  -- The Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. would hardly recognize America in 2013 , the 50th anniversary year of his world-famous "  I Have a Dream " speech on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial . The efforts of King and countless others have not only made it possible for Barack Obama to become the first black president of the United States , but also created unprecedented opportunities for the likes of Oprah Winfrey , Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor , and virtually anyone who had previously been given a check that has , as King put it , "  come back marked ` insufficient funds . ' " I personally can not think of MLK Day without reflecting on my life as a product of post-civil rights America : I was conceived on the coattails of that movement to a single mother , absent father , horrific poverty , and despair and fear I would not wish upon anyone . Yet here I am , a direct beneficiary of King 's legacy . I do not take the opportunities given to me lightly . Especially since my mother , born in South Carolina in the Jim Crow-era , has sickening memories of the racial oppression back in those days . Her family had no electricity , no indoor running water and no television . The day that King delivered his "  I Have a Dream " speech , my mother turned 20 . "  We knew there was colored folks marching in Washington , " my mother told me . "  We just did not know what for exactly . " The what for had everything to do with democracy , freedom , voting and citizenship rights , for a group longed blocked from the doors of the American dream . It means the only way we could ever come to "  a beautiful symphony of brotherhood " that King spoke of is for each of us , no matter our background , to honor and recognize who we are , including very uncomfortable parts of our history , like slavery , which was depicted in recent films like Steven Spielberg 's "  Lincoln " and Quentin Tarantino 's "  Django Unchained . " We can not sit at the table of diversity and multiculturalism if we are not even clear what we are bringing to share . In King 's speeches and writings in the last years of his life , he wanted people , including black people , to embrace and appreciate their culture and heritage . But it was never an either or for him . King worked for and loved Black America , and he worked for and loved America . From 1963 to the present , the United States has changed dramatically . When I attended integrated schools , I remember sitting elbow to elbow with children of different races , something my mother could not have fathomed in her childhood dominated by "  Whites Only " and "  Coloreds Only " signs everywhere . But the work is far from over . I think King would be saddened that the poverty and economic disparities he fought against at the end of his life are still here . He would be outraged by the kind of racism that routinely profiles young black and Latino males and fills our nation 's prison system with black and brown bodies . He would be awestruck and angered by the visionless black leadership that has come to dominate black communities nationwide , more concerned with media moments and money than solutions . He would wonder how black culture has deteriorated from Harry Belafonte , Motown and Nina Simone to Nicki Minaj , Lil Wayne , and reality TV shows that present utterly destructive black images . I think he would be disheartened by the numerous wars that have occurred since Vietnam and by the fact that more than one million Americans have died by gun violence since he himself was shot and murdered in Memphis on April 4 , 1968 . And moreover , he would be very outspoken about how some Americans treat immigrants , and our inability to see their plights as great civil rights issues of our time . But , King would smile broadly , in that way he did , as we witnessed the stunning rainbow coalition of Americans who voted Barack Obama into office in 2008 , as a direct extension of King 's prophetic dream . Despite the historical significance of electing Barack Obama into the Oval Office twice , and the great victories we accomplished together as a nation in the past 50 years , King would urge us to continue his work since a lot more needs to be done . The harsh reality is that Martin Luther King Jr. is never coming back . We have a federal holiday dedicated to him , we have the moral authority of his spoken and written words , and we have his mighty spirit hovering over our nation like an uninterrupted sheet of light . But I sincerely believe that if we are going to live up to the extraordinary vision of King , then we must open our hearts more to each other , as sisters and brothers , as part of the human family . We know , as he knew , that love must be a living and breathing thing . In celebration of his legacy , let 's keep in mind that service to others must become as natural to us as breathing , for the good of America and for the good of all of us . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kevin Powell .	Kevin Powell : Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. would hardly recognize America in 2013 Powell : King and others made it possible for Barack Obama to be elected president He says despite progress , King would find a lot more that needs to be done Powell : In celebration of his legacy , let 's treat each other with humanity and compassion
Ukrainian forces began military operations in the east of the country Tuesday , marking a definite end to a unilateral cease-fire that had been in place for 10 days . The speaker of Ukraine 's parliament , Oleksandr Turchynov , told lawmakers the government 's "  anti-terror operation " against pro-Russia separatists had been "  renewed . " Ukrainian armed forces have been conducting "  attacks on terrorists ' bases and defended posts , " he said . The announcement came hours after Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said that his country would not renew a cease-fire with the separatists , vowing instead to "  attack and liberate our land . " "  Termination of cease-fire is our response to terrorists , insurgents , marauders ... and  those who  deprive people of normal peaceful life , " Poroshenko said . In a statement on his website , Poroshenko congratulated Ukraine 's armed forces and border guards for re-establishing control over the checkpoint at Dolzhanskyi , in "  the first victory since the restoration of the CTO , " a reference to the government 's Counterterrorist Operation . He said the armed forces and the State Border Service of Ukraine regained control over the checkpoint and combat engineers removed mines from the checkpoint and adjacent roads . Violence flared Tuesday in Donetsk , one of the cities at the heart of the separatist unrest . Interior Minister Arsen Avakov , on his official Facebook page , said that militants had launched an attack on a regional police headquarters building in Donetsk , killing one police officer and badly injuring two more . Avakov said the police were barricaded inside the building in the city of Donetsk and that the fighting was ongoing . The Interior Ministry later said three people were seriously injured -- one woman and two special forces policemen . Three others were injured and hospitalized , the ministry said . Police successfully fought back the attack , the ministry said on its website . On its website , the Donetsk regional state administration said Ukrainian forces attacked the central part of Kramatorsk from the air and ground . A bus attack in Kramatorsk left four people dead and five others injured . The statement did not say which side in the conflict carried out that attack . Yuriy Stets , information security head for the National Guard and a parliamentarian , told CNN that the National Guard had regained control of Zakotne , near Slovyansk , and were targeting two other towns . Cease-fire hopes dashed The fragile cease-fire expired at midnight Monday , hours after Poroshenko spoke by phone with Russian President Vladimir Putin , German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Francois Hollande . Poroshenko also talked on the phone with U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry . The cease-fire -- agreed on last month amid a volatile political crisis -- raised hopes that Ukraine could be moving back from the brink of full-fledged civil war . As part of a peace plan , Poroshenko urged the rebels to lay down their arms and engage in talks . He also called for the strengthening of Ukraine-Russia border controls , the freeing of hostages and changes to the constitution to decentralize power . In his statement , Poroshenko said the militants had failed to take up a "  unique opportunity " to support the peace plan and had instead violated the unilateral cease-fire more than 100 times . Putin , addressing Russian diplomats in Moscow , said he regretted the decision to end the cease-fire . "  Unfortunately , President Poroshenko decided to resume a military operation . I and my EU colleagues could not convince him " of the need to settle the crisis peacefully . Putin : ` Only on equal terms ' Putin said Russia had been obliged to annex Ukraine 's Crimea region in March in order to prevent NATO forces entering , which would have created "  a completely different alignment of forces . " He told the diplomats that they would "  face growing pressure in defending national interests " and that "  the events provoked by the West in Ukraine have become a concentrated political expression of deterrence toward Russia . " Putin also referred to Russia 's tense relationship with the United States , suggesting that the current crisis was born of the West 's attempts to impose its own way of doing things on the rest of the world . "  Our relationship with the United States is not the best at the moment , " he said . "  We have always tried to be predictable partners , handle business on an equal basis , but in return our legal interests were partially ignored and are still ignored . Russian and U.S. contacts have a great meaning for the entire world . "  We are ready for constructive dialogue , but again I emphasize only on equal terms . " Russia 's ambassador to the European Union , Vladimir Chizhov , said Tuesday that the refusal to extend the cease-fire is a "  negative sign , " the Russian Foreign Ministry said on Twitter . "  This makes it even harder to understand the logic of how the confirmation of the so-called 15-point peace plan correlates with the refusal to prolong truce , " Chizhov was quoted as saying by state news agency ITAR-Tass . ` Enemies and invaders ' Poroshenko declared in a late-night televised address that the cease-fire was over . In Kiev 's Independence Square , known as Maidan , activists outside the presidential administration building applauded Poroshenko 's stance . "  We need only military actions , " a priest named Valentyn said in a Reuters interview . "  We were forced by those who entered our country as enemies and invaders . " The crisis has its roots in former President Viktor Yanukovych 's decision last year to shun a European Union Association Agreement and turn toward Russia instead . The move unleashed deadly strife that led to Yanukovych 's ouster , Ukraine 's loss of Crimea , and a pro-Russia separatist rebellion . Russia also massed troops along its western border with Ukraine . The Association Agreement , which will bring closer trade and political ties between Ukraine and Europe , was finally signed by Poroshenko and European leaders last week . After Monday 's phone call , Poroshenko said his goal was peace but insisted it takes the participation of all parties to maintain stability , noting violations of the cease-fire by pro-Russia separatists . The Ukrainian government "  has been completely fulfilling its commitments and unilaterally complying with the ceasefire regime for 10 days and paid dozens of lives for that , " he said . Peace talks were held last week among Ukrainian government officials , pro-Russia separatists from the restive eastern Luhansk and Donetsk regions , Russian officials , and members of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe . ` Bloody truce ' Activist Vadym told Reuters there was no point in continuing the cease-fire . "  There is definitely no need for an extension of the truce , " he said . "  Because a lot of our boys died during this truce . " Fellow activist Yulia agreed . "  Bloody military actions are better than such bloody truce , " she said . "  We must put an end to it once and that 's all . " A statement from Putin 's press office about the call said the Russian President "  stressed the need to extend the cease-fire and also establish a reliable mechanism for monitoring " it . Ukrainian President : Peace depends on Putin 's mood	Interior minister says militants have attacked police HQ , causing police casualties Putin says he tried to persuade Poroshenko to resolve crisis through peaceful means Speaker tells Parliament that Ukraine military has restarted operation against militants Poroshenko declares an end to a unilateral cease-fire with pro-Russian separatists
CNN  -- Floyd Mayweather Jr. had his nose bloodied midway through the fight , but maintained his poise to remain undefeated and claim the WBA junior middleweight title from Miguel Cotto . Mayweather won by unanimous decision on Saturday night . The 35-year-old  43-0 , 26 KOs  was tested early and often by Cotto  37-3 , 32 KOs  , but the five-division champion started to pull away in the later rounds . Two judges scored the fight 117-111 and the third judge gave it 118-110 . After the judges ' decision , sold-out crowds booed Mayweather at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas . "  When it 's pay-per-view and the fans are paying and the fans are coming out to see you , you want to give the fans excitement , " Mayweather said . Cotto , 31 , gave Mayweather all he could handle , tagging his competitor with shots to the head most of the night . But Mayweather was more accurate with his punches . In the end , Cotto earned the respect of his opponent . "  You 're a hell of a champion , " Mayweather said . "  You 're the toughest guy I ever fought . " After the fight , Mayweather was asked about the likelihood of facing Manny Pacquiao -- something boxing fans have wanted for years . "  If you 're the best , take the test , " Mayweather said , referring to his insistence that Pacquaio submit to Olympic-style drug testing and has served as a stumbling block to making the fight happen . Pacquiao has said he would agree to such testing . Regardless , Mayweather 's next fight will have to wait . On June 1 , he starts a three-month jail sentence for misdemeanor domestic violence and harassment charges involving a former girlfriend . Mayweather will make a guaranteed $ 32 million , which is a state record , according to the Nevada Athletic Commission . Cotto will make $ 8 million -- the largest purse of his career .	Floyd Mayweather Jr. defeats Miguel Cotto by unanimous decision to claim WBA title Mayweather remains undefeated in 43 fights Mayweather will head to jail in June to serve three-month sentence
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- Nine mine employees were hurt Monday when Anglo American Platinum security guards shot rubber bullets to break up a confrontation between rival union groups at a mine in northwest South Africa , the company said in a statement . The incident occurred at the company 's Siphumelele mine in the Rustenburg area and involved members of the Workers Committee and shop stewards for the National Union of Mineworkers . "  As they were attempting to evacuate the NUM shop stewards who were trapped in their offices , three security personnel sustained minor injuries during this incident , " the statement said . All 12 injured employees received medical attention ; none of the injuries was life-threatening , it added . Police spokesman Brig. Thulani Ngubane said those hurt were taken to Bleskop Hospital . The shootings did not involve police , he said . "  Workers committee members are contesting NUM 's legitimacy at the mine and demanding that NUM vacate its offices , " the company statement said . The company said it is trying to validate union membership at Rustenburg and the mines north of the Pilanesberg National Park . Anglo American Platinum Limited , a member of the Anglo American plc Group , describes itself as the world 's leading primary producer of platinum group metals , accounting for 40 % of the world 's newly mined platinum . Its mining , smelting and refining operations are based in South Africa . Last fall , several major South African mining companies , including Anglo American , were involved in labor disputes with their miners that erupted in violence . In October , police repeatedly clashed with protesters near one of Anglo American 's mines , and the company fired about 12,000 striking workers who refused to attend disciplinary hearings . The union did not immediately respond to a request for comment . CNN 's Kim Norgaard reported on this story from Johannesburg , and Tom Watkins wrote it in Atlanta .	Nine employees were shot with rubber bullets , the company says Three security personnel sustained minor injuries , it adds Workers Committee members are contesting the legitimacy of the National Union of Mineworkers
CNN  -- He took on "  the Dark Side , " overcame a plane-load of rogue reptiles and struck down his enemies with "  great vengeance and furious anger . " However , Hollywood star Samuel L. Jackson is more at home on the genteel fairways of a golf course . The actor , whose numerous film credits include Pulp Fiction , the Star Wars prequels and , yes , Snakes On A Plane , is so dedicated to perfecting his game that he has a clause written into his contracts that allows him time off to play golf . "  They have to let me play at least twice a week , " Jackson told CNN 's Living Golf . "  Generally they either move me onto a golf course or I join a club so I can play there . " The 64-year-old plays off a six-handicap and is a regular at celebrity pro-am tournaments , having lined up at famed courses such as St. Andrews and Pebble Beach . Jackson has teed off alongside peers such as Clint Eastwood and Don Cheadle , as well as saxophonist Kenny G -- the man he rates the best amateur golfer he has played against -- but his favorite round was with 14-time major winner Tiger Woods . "  The first time I played St. Andrews  in Scotland  I actually played with Tiger , " Jackson said . "  That 's kind of a big deal . "  The first time I met him I played with him at the Dunhill  Championship  and I think his advice to me was ` Follow me ' -- and I actually did . "  I did n't hit the ball as far as he did but I kind of hit the same balls . " Reluctant beginnings Jackson was born in Washington D.C and studied in Atlanta before moving to New York to pursue an acting career . But it was in Los Angeles , the city he has now made his home , where he first discovered golf -- although it took some cunning and persuasion for friends to pique his interest . "  I had never played and they kept trying to get me to go out , and I would n't , " Jackson recalled . "  They tricked me one day and told me they were going somewhere else and we ended up on a golf course . "  I did n't like the fact that they could do something that I could n't and I started playing -- now they do n't play with me ! " Jackson told the PGA Tour website that when he 's not working he plays golf every day , sometimes shooting 27 holes at a time . But , despite playing the game around the globe , there is one course that Jackson rates as pretty special . "  The best course in the world I 've played ? That would be Augusta National where they play the Masters , " he explained . "  When I was shooting Freedomland  filmed in the state of New York  the producers gave me as my wrap gift three rounds of golf at Augusta . " Golfing good deeds Jackson 's love of golf is now such an intrinsic part of his off-screen character that the profile on his Twitter page shows him channeling movie star in a sharp black suit -- while he holds a putter behind his back . He also blends his celebrity status with his golf game to raise funds in his annual Shooting Stars charity fundraiser . The 2013 event , held just outside London , raised funds for the Alzheimer 's Association -- a charity that has a personal meaning for the actor . "  My mum passed from Alzheimer 's last year -- my grandfather had it , her sister 's got it , her brother had it , my paternal grandmother had it , so it seems like I 'm kind of surrounded by it , " Jackson explained . "  I may need the help of that organization at some point so I better raise some money for them ! " As henchman Jules Winnfield in 1994 's breakthrough Pulp Fiction performance , Jackson memorably quoted the Bible as he sought "  the path of the righteous man " -- and he also has advice for those seeking the perfect golf stroke . "  The first thing is keep your head down , " he says . "  That 's the hardest thing to do when you 're a beginner because you always want to see where the ball is going , so you always tend to look up before you swing . "  So keep your head down , swing easy -- not hard -- find a tempo that 's comfortable for you , and have fun . Do n't take it seriously . "	Hollywood star Samuel L. Jackson plays golf as a hobby and to raise funds for charity The 64-year-old played with Tiger Woods at the St. Andrew 's course in Scotland Augusta National , home of the Masters , is Jackson 's favorite golf course Jackson has a clause in his film contracts which gives him time off to play golf
Deliberations resume Monday in Philadelphia in the landmark trial of Monsignor William Lynn , the highest-ranking cleric charged with endangering children by allegedly helping cover up sexual abuse . Lynn , a defendant with another Philadelphia priest , is accused of knowingly allowing dangerous priests to continue in the ministry in roles in which they had access to children . Also on trial is the Rev. James Brennan , who is accused of the attempted rape of a 14-year-old . Both Brennan and Lynn have pleaded not guilty . Closing arguments in the case concluded Thursday and jurors began their deliberations Friday . Philadelphia priest abuse trial a test case for Catholic church Lynn 's defense team argues that the monsignor repeatedly sent word of child sex abuse up the chain of command . He operated under strict orders from the late Archbishop Cardinal Anthony Bevilacqua and never had the power to remove a priest from ministry , the defense team argues . It said Lynn was never formally trained to handle child sex abuse allegations and learned on the job . "  The allegation is that he did nothing , but he did n't do nothing , " said Thomas Bergstrom , Lynn 's defense attorney "  They want you to convict him for their sins . He held more than a candle to their shame , he put a spotlight on their shame , " Bergstrom told jurors . Lynn donned his clerical garb , surrounded by numerous family members , priest friends and parishioners inside the courtroom . Lynn is the first high-ranking church figure charged with child endangerment for allegedly shuffling predator priests from parish to parish . If convicted , he faces up to 21 years in prison . Now-defrocked priest Edward Avery was due to go on trial with Brennan and Lynn , but he pleaded guilty in March after admitting to sexually assaulting a 10-year-old altar boy during the 1998-1999 school year . Avery , 69 , was sentenced to two-and-a-half to five years in prison . More than 60 witnesses and alleged victims of clergy abuse have testified since the criminal trial began March 26 . Accusers for Brennan and Avery have claims that fall within the statute of limitations . Brennan 's accuser , now in his 30s , was a former altar boy who cried on the stand weeks earlier as he described the incident . The man , a former Marine , was discharged because of mental health issues . "  He will say anything at all to get what he wants , " Brennan 's attorney , William Brennan , no relation to the defendant , told jurors about the accuser . "  Plug that into your credibility meter . " Brennan was removed from active ministry in 2006 after his accuser first came forward . He admitted in 2008 that he allowed the then-14-year-old to view pornography and sleep in the same bed with him during an overnight visit in 1996 , according to testimony given to church investigators . Brennan did not testify at the trial . His attorney urged jurors to use their "  common sense " once they began deliberations . "  It 's a mistake ; it 's poor judgment , " Brennan told jurors of the sleepover . "  I ca n't believe a jury would destroy this man 's life over that . " A 2011 grand jury report led the Philadelphia district attorney 's office to criminally charge four Philadelphia priests and a parochial school teacher with raping and assaulting boys in their care , while Lynn was accused of allowing the abusive priests to have access to children . The trial marks the first time U.S. prosecutors have charged not just the priests who allegedly committed the abuses , but an official -- Lynn -- who stands accused of failing to stop the assaults . A gag order bars all parties involved in the criminal case from talking to the media .	William Lynn is the highest-ranking cleric to be charged with child endangerment If convicted , he faces up to 21 years in prison Also on trial is the Rev. James Brennan , who is accused of the attempted rape of a 14-year-old
CNN  -- The detention and interrogation facility at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , which I have visited , has served and continues to serve an important role in the war against terrorists since it opened 10 years ago . It houses high-value terrorist detainees , like Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , the architect of September 11 . The military commissions ' courthouse , called the Expeditionary Legal Compound , is a world-class , state-of-the-art facility specifically designed to accommodate the needs of both defense and prosecutors dealing with classified information . The detainees there are represented by civilian and military counsel , and the Supreme Court has ruled that they enjoy the constitutional right of habeas corpus . The conditions of detention there are safe , secure and humane and comply with national and international standards , including Common Article 3 of the Geneva Conventions . It is important to remember that the United States of America is engaged in armed conflict and has been since September 11 , 2001 . The September 18 , 2001 , Authorization for Use of Military Force , relied upon by both the Bush and Obama administrations , gives our military the legal authority to engage the enemy under appropriate circumstances . Under the law of armed conflict , also called the law of war , engaging the enemy includes killing or capturing the enemy . This age-old principle -- detention of the enemy during wartime for the duration of hostilities -- is just as applicable to al Qaeda as it was to Nazi POWs in World War II or other enemies in previous wars . This principle has been upheld by our courts , including the United States Supreme Court . Shortly after September 11 , it became evident that this war would be different from all previous wars in the sense that we would need to rely more on tactical and strategic intelligence to thwart and defeat the enemy than traditional military might . To defeat al Qaeda and its affiliates , we needed to know what they knew ; one of the obvious ways to learn their intentions was through lawful interrogation at a safe detention facility . Guantanamo , used as a detention facility since the Clinton administration , was just such a place . There have been 779 detainees at Guantanamo . Today , there are only 171 . But over the past decade , we have not only kept dangerous terrorists at Guantanamo and thus away from the battlefield , we have learned a great deal from them during long-term , lawful interrogations . Without a safe , secure detention and interrogation facility , we would not have gained the tactical and strategic intelligence needed to degrade and ultimately defeat the enemy . It has been said that the mere existence of Guantanamo is a recruiting tool for the enemy . However , recall that there was no Guantanamo detention facility when al Qaeda bombed the World Trade Center in the 1990s or blew up the U.S. embassies in East Africa in 1998 or attacked the USS Cole in 2000 . And I suspect that if the Bush administration had brought the Guantanamo detainees not to Cuba but to a detention facility in the United States , that facility would have been the object of their scorn and derision . All things considered , the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay has played an invaluable role in the war against terrorists by keeping them off the battlefield and allowing for lawful interrogations . Neither the Bush nor Obama administrations has offered a reasonable and feasible alternative to Guantanamo . Unless and until a safe , reasonable alternative facility is proposed , the United States should continue to use Guantanamo as a detention , interrogation and military commissions ' facility . Opposing view : Vince Warren says Gitmo is unjust and must be closed Join CNN Opinion on Facebook and follow updates on Twitter . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Edwin Meese .	Ed Meese : Guantanamo Bay holds high-value terrorist detainees , like 9/11 architect The U.S. is at war , he says , and detention of the enemy during wartime is legal Meese : Gitmo has kept terrorists off the battlefield and provided key intelligence Until a safe , reasonable alternative is found , he writes , Gitmo should remain open
CNN  -- Nancy Ayala arrived in the U.S. 11 years ago , at the age of 9 . "  Why did I move to the States ? I still do n't know . For a better education , for a better life , " she said . One of her biggest dreams was to join the Marines , but at 17 , Ayala -- the first in her family to graduate high school -- discovered that she could n't enlist because she did n't have a Social Security number . "  I had dreams , but I had no way to complete them , " she said . "  Sadly , my whole family is undocumented . " Ayala soon moved back to her home country of Mexico but now regrets doing so : "  I 've been here for 10 months . I cry every night , missing my family , and God knows when IÂ ´ ll see them again . " When President Obama announced June 15 that some young immigrants would no longer be deported , Ayala was happy . At the same time , she believed the policy change would not help her . "  There 's no way back for me . How can I apply ? What can I do ? Nothing . " Obama 's announcement and the Supreme Court 's subsequent rejection of all but one provision of a controversial immigration law in Arizona this week have brought the issue back into the spotlight . Like Ayala and others across the country , many of the iReporters who posted their views had a personal stake in the broader issue of immigration . Their opinions were nuanced and widely varied but had one thing in common : Most did not believe that the recent changes and rulings will have a direct effect on them -- or would have helped them in the past . Corrine Kay of Gaithersburg , Maryland , said she has had a years-long issue with immigration . "  All immigration to these United States should be done legally , abiding by the laws of our great nation , " she said . "  My husband and I are doing exactly that , taking an excessively long time and great expense to do so . " Kay was married in Egypt but has been waiting for three years for her husband to get a visa in order to live with her in the U.S. "  I realized , I must not be alone , as there are certainly other Americans who deal with the pains of having to make do and go through the motions of life while missing their loved ones so , " she said . Even so , Kay said , she can understand why some people cross the border illegally . "  They do n't all have motives to smuggle contraband into the country or undermine our homeland security . They are simply trying to find a way to survive , escape systemic violence within their own politically dysfunctional governments and make for a stable and happy family life for the ones they love , " she reasoned . Diana Carey 's mother sought out a new life for her family in America . As a young child , Carey knew that her family could be sent home at any time . "  Being in a country illegally is a scary and difficult situation for children , and it is not a decision they made or were mentally equipped to make , " said Carey , whose family came from Ecuador . "  But for that same reason , I think adults who have made the decision to come to the U.S. illegally have to face reality . " That reality includes the possibility of being deported . Carey no longer has to face that , since her mother married a U.S. citizen : "  It was an enormous sigh of relief to say the least . " Her experience led her to get involved with advocacy groups . "  I was involved in activism in favor of illegal immigration and the halt on deportations for a bit , but I made the decision to no longer support these groups , " she said . "  I do n't agree with their strategies . There need to be more compelling arguments based more on logic and less heart . They want their supporters to feel bad for illegal immigrants , but no responsibility is taken whatsoever for the fact that an adult stayed here illegally . " At the same time , Carey was happy to see so much of the Arizona law struck down . "  I always thought the Arizona law was a bit extreme and based on fear while targeting mostly one race/background , " she said . "  While I never want anyone to ask my son for his birth certificate because he looks Hispanic , I want him to know that when you do something illegal , you will face negative consequences , and you should n't expect forgiveness , only hope for it . " Even though the recent immigration decisions do n't affect him now , Sajiv Pandya believes they might have 20 years ago . Now a U.S. citizen living in Maryland , Pandya still recalls being stopped by the Border Patrol in 1991 for four hours outside Yuma , Arizona . "  I was a citizen of the United Kingdom , but I was a third-generation Kenyan of Indian ethnicity , " he said . "  I do n't look ` white , ' and so I was held on the grounds that I was Mexican until I could prove otherwise . " More than 20 years later , Pandya said he is in favor of "  comprehensive legal immigration and for strict compliance to immigration rules . " "  I followed rules to become a U.S. citizen , and I do n't think it is fair for someone to jump the line or not even stand in line , " he explained . Pandya opposes "  random stops " by authorities , however . "  I am happy that the Supreme Court ruling struck down three of the four major provisions . The fourth one , which they upheld , is precisely what impacted me and which I think is going to continue to be abused if it is not further challenged , " he said , referring to the controversial provision that allows police checks on people 's immigration status while enforcing other laws . Pandya said he is "  a little aghast " at the partisan nature of the immigration debate . "  Comprehensive immigration rules need to be a bipartisan effort at a federal level and and must follow a process that is fair to all , " he said . Despite their different views and experiences , these iReporters all want the same thing Ayala wants . "  I want my voice to be heard ; I want to chase my dreams ; I want my family to be free , and I want them to live the American dream , " she said .	iReporters with varying personal experiences with immigration shared their views Nancy Ayala lived in the U.S. illegally for 10 years , regrets returning to Mexico Diana Carey , a former illegal immigrant , opposes the tactics used by immigration activists Most did not believe recent immigration decisions would affect them today
CNN  -- It was only a year and a half ago that a phenomenon swept the globe and made basketball fans a little , well , "  Linsane . " Remember that ? Back then , Jeremy Lin had a historic run that led the New York Knicks on a winning streak , dubbed "  Linsanity . " Crowds fell for the feel-good story of an overlooked bench-warmer who slept on friends ' sofas to take a shot in the NBA . A new documentary takes a look at the life of Jeremy Lin before the madness . "  Linsanity , " out in select theaters October 4 , offers a glimpse of Lin 's road to stardom : He was a standout basketball player in summer leagues , competed in a tightly contested high school state championship and faced racial epithets as an Ivy League athlete before landing , undrafted , in the professional league . From the documentary , it 's clear the 25-year-old Lin was used to being an underdog , and overcame his share of challenges with a deep faith and persistent spirit . "  I 'm always trying to have a good time , joking around , goofy , " he said . "  I think I try not to take anything really too seriously . " In this edited conversation , CNN spoke to Lin , now with the Houston Rockets , about how his faith sustains him , what he learned from his months in the brightest spotlight and how he responds to racism . CNN : What did you learn from Linsanity ? Lin : I learned a lot of things . I learned ... about how fame and success , worldly success , are great , but they are empty in a lot of different ways , and I think I learned that emptiness through Linsanity . I also learned you know , how fun it can be and I remember how fun it was to play basketball and to play at that level and to play with my teammates . That was definitely a lifelong memory as well . CNN : When some think of professional sports , there 's obviously the hard work and teamwork , but it also has a reputation for hype and kind of bragging rights . It 's a contrast to the characteristics of humility taught in Christianity . How do you balance the two roles as a competitive player , and a faithful Christian ? Lin : I think there 's definitely a delicate balance that you need to be aware of , but I think at the end of the day , you can be confident in your own abilities and you can understand this is what I 'm good at , this is what has gotten me here . But at the same time you can also understand that it 's a team game and that no one man is above another person and there 's still a way you need to treat your coaches and teammates , your opponents , the fans , the refs : being able to have a humble demeanor and be able to treat everyone with respect . I think there are certain players who , when they become really good , they look down on other people . And there are certain players , when they are really good , they bring and elevate the level of their teammates and their entire team and they bring everybody up with them . CNN : Speaking of building a life God has called you to live , what were some of your go-to scriptures , stories or prayers that helped you through difficult moments ? Lin : Through difficult moments I 'd say Romans 5:3 -5 and Romans 8:28 talk about just being able to deal with really tough situations in life and being able to have peace beyond circumstances . And I think in terms of just playing basketball in my career , I think the story of Peter walking on water really jumps out to me -- how , when his eyes were focused on Jesus , he was able to walk on water , but the minute the waves came and the wind came and he got distracted , he lost his footing . That kind of represents the distractions of the world , and I think the good part of the story is Jesus reaches down and picks him up , and I think that 's very indicative of our relationship , and our life on earth . CNN : You 've spoke about the racism you faced as a top basketball player being overlooked kind of at every instance of your career . How do you respond to it now , versus when you were younger ? Lin : When I was younger , I let it affect me , I let it boil inside of me . And now I just kind of just brush it off . I 'm used to it , you know , and when someone 's not racist or when I do n't have to deal with racism , it 's actually a pleasant surprise , I 'm like , "  Oh , wow , that 's really cool . " So , it 's just something that I 've learned to embrace -- like this is just the world that we live in , and it 's OK . I think everybody has their preconceptions and that 's OK . And I think that just as long as we 're constantly evolving in terms of our understanding and our perspective , as long as we do that , I think we 're on the right path . CNN : What did you think you would do if you did n't play professional basketball ? Do you ever think about life after the NBA and what that looks like ? Lin : Afterward , I probably want to do some type of Christian ministry , or do some type of nonprofit work . That 's probably what I 'd be doing if I was n't playing basketball right now .	The documentary "  Linsanity " is out in select theaters October 4 The film chronicles Jeremy Lin 's life before NBA stardom Lin : "  I probably want to do some type of Christian ministry , or do some type of non-profit work "
CNN  -- President Barack Obama said he is not seeking "  regime change " in Syria . Military action in Syria , he said this weekend as he sought congressional approval , will be limited . These assurances are meant to reassure those who fear a repeat of Iraq . But the idea of a limited intervention is an illusion . Once the United States becomes directly involved in Syria , there can be no turning back . The purpose of limited strikes would be to convey a message to Bashar al-Assad : Do n't use chemical weapons . But a U.S. attack could potentially widen , rather than halt , the use of chemical weapons in Syria . Syria , as a united entity , exists today only on the map . On the ground , competing interests have fractured the country . No party can claim to represent even a modest plurality of Syrians , and no power can claim authority over a majority of the territory . But a formidable Arab state exists in Damascus , and the numerous forces striving to seize it or bring about its demise are so hopelessly riven internally that they can not possibly win without external support . For more than two years now , they have attempted to incite Western intervention by exhibiting evidence of the Assad government 's brutality . Is it ` High Noon ' for Obama on Syria ? By intervening now to inflict limited punishment on al-Assad because chemical weapons have been used , the United States is erecting a precedent that could be exploited in the future by the more unscrupulous factions of the opposition looking to provoke further interventions . The knowledge that Washington will intervene if chemical weapons are used could create an incentive for their re-use by those who would benefit from such an intervention . By seemingly spurning meticulous multilateral investigations led by the United Nations in a rush to fix the blame on al-Assad , the United States is signaling also that , in its opinion , only the regime is capable of carrying out large-scale chemical attacks . This template will produce deadly temptations . As the novelist Amitav Ghosh , who spent long years studying insurgencies in Asia , has observed , in civil conflicts "  the very prospect of intervention " often becomes a stimulus for the "  the escalation of violence " by the weaker side . If limited use of chemical weapons can succeed in drawing the United States into the conflict in a way that 100,000 deaths by conventional arms could not , they could be viewed by al-Assad 's adversaries -- particularly by the foreign fighters affiliated with al Qaeda -- as a blessing rather than a scourge . The effort to "  liberate " Syria could become dependent for its success on the partial annihilation of Syrians with chemical weapons -- since they are the only agents of murder that can trigger a U.S. reaction . We can not be certain about the security of the chemical weapon stockpiles in the Syrian government 's custody . Its power structure has so far remained largely intact , but , as last year 's suicide bombing in Damascus that killed al-Assad 's inner circle and maimed his brother demonstrated , the regime is not impregnable . Syria vote could have consequences for 2016 In a land shattered by war , loyalties are constantly shifting and obtaining fatal nerve agents may not be tremendously difficult . In 1995 , for example , an obscure Japanese cult called Aum Shinrikyo managed to kill 13 passengers on the Tokyo subway by releasing sarin gas developed from commercially available chemicals . So what will the United States do the next time chemical weapons are used in Syria ? More than 1,000 deaths are prompting the United States -- despite the absence of conclusive evidence linking the Assad regime to the crime -- to intervene . Can it refuse to live up to its own precedent if 10,000 Syrians were killed in a fresh massacre after Obama 's "  limited " intervention has concluded ? Wo n't the voices that are now so stridently opposing patient investigations and diplomacy in favor of military action amplify their demands ? But a deeper military involvement will be so self-wounding as to be suicidal . Syria has become a catchment for foreign fighters from more than 60 countries . Their ambition is not simply to defeat al-Assad . It is to establish a theocratic state in the most resolutely secular corner of the Arab world . It is the rise of these jihadists that has compelled Syria 's secularists and religious minorities , who at the beginning of the uprising in 2011 had marched alongside the opposition , to return to al-Assad 's fold . To rid Syria of al-Assad 's dictatorship and prevent it from falling into the hands of jihadists who are cut from the same ideological cloth as the men who drove the planes into the World Trade Center on September 11 , 2001 , the United States may have to commit itself to Syria for more than a decade -- fighting the jihadists , subduing al-Assad and his allies in Hezbollah , protecting Israel and preserving Lebanon 's fragile peace . After Afghanistan and Iraq , is there an appetite for such an enterprise anywhere ? Military has concerns about Syria mission Intervening in Syria will perhaps pacify Obama 's conscience . But in Syria , there 's every chance that it will escalate the conflict . Ultimately tantalizing the losing side in the Syrian civil war with a brief , punitive , "  limited " entry on its behalf will only hasten the creation of conditions that will eventually suck America back into the conflict . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kapil Komireddi .	Kapil Komireddi : If U.S. engages in Syria over chemical weapons , it could be in for the long haul He says rebels -- now including jihadists -- have long tried to draw outside forces to cause He says opposition will know that use of chemical weapons works to its advantage Komireddi : U.S. could end up fighting Syria 's jihadists and the Assad regime
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Gary Coleman 's ex-wife sold "  death photos " of the former child actor in "  ongoing desperate attempts " to profit from his death , according to the person Coleman named as executor of his estate . The photographs , taken inside the hospital where Coleman died last month , will be published this week in Globe magazine , according to a publicist for the magazine . "  We bought the photos , " said Samantha Trenk , a spokeswoman for Globe parent company American Media . The magazine would not disclose how much it paid or who sold the images . Coleman divorced Shannon Price in 2008 , but they were living together in Santaquin , Utah , when he suffered a fall at home last month and died two days later of a brain hemorrhage in a Provo , Utah , hospital . "  Knowing Gary , as well as anyone could have , I assure his closest family , friends and fans that his disdain for this behavior would be unquestionable and paramount to any foregoing profession of ` love ' for Shannon that might have ever poured from his lips , " Dion Mial said in an e-mail to CNN . Price , 24 , did not deny Mial 's accusation , but she did say in a statement from her publicist that she needed money because she had helped Mial pay for a lawyer . "  Dion , who claims to be a good friend of Gary , would know that Gary 's only wishes were to make sure that Shannon would be OK after he was gone , " Price 's statement said . "  So if Dion was a good friend he would be assisting Shannon , not taking all her money , to pay for his attorney and then use it to take everything from her . " Mial , a longtime friend and former manager of Coleman 's , was named in the actor 's will to be executor of his estate , according to a lawyer for Coleman 's parents . Price 's statement said Coleman made a comment just a day before his fatal fall , distancing himself from the man whom he had named executor . "  He said that he had not been friends with Dion for years , " her statement said . "  When asked why , Gary said , ` All good things come to an end . ' Gary was stating that he had a falling out with Dion and did not wish to be close friends with him anymore . I can see why now by the way that Dion is also turning on Shannon as well . " Mial did not immediately respond to Price 's Monday statement , but in an earlier statement he told CNN that Coleman 's ex-wife "  has absolutely no rights or authority with regard to the disposition of Gary 's remains , services , estate management . " "  In light of Shannon Price 's ongoing desperate attempts to profit from the mysterious death of her ` beloved husband , ' by way of the sale and/or distribution of pre - or post-mortem ` death photos , ' moment-to-moment television interviews for pay , video tours of her former home , Gary Coleman 's personal effects , photographs or any items that have been removed from the home , without the written consent of a special administrator for or the executor of the Coleman estate , I emphatically request that all solicitations from Shannon , or from any individual holding themselves out as her representative , be categorically denied and refused , " Mial said . Celebrity news website TMZ said Monday that its representatives were shown one of the death photos but declined to look at others . "  In the pic , Gary is in the hospital , his eyes are closed , and he is hooked up to a ventilation machine . It is not a pleasant sight , " TMZ said . Funeral plans for Coleman are "  pending " more than a week after his death , Mial said . Coleman 's parents dropped their bid to have the actor 's body returned to Chicago , Illinois , for burial after their lawyer was shown the will naming Mial as executor , the lawyer said . Coleman 's relationship with his parents was strained after he sued them 20 years ago for $ 1 million , claiming that they squandered his earnings as a child actor . Mial became Coleman 's manager when he fired his parents . Mial was a close companion of Coleman 's when he was a child actor on the TV show "  Diff ` rent Strokes . " The body of the 42-year-old actor was at Lake Hills Mortuary in Sandy , Utah , as of Friday , the mortuary 's legal department said . Despite their divorce , Price had the legal authority to authorize his doctor to disconnect his life support , the Utah Valley Regional Medical Center in Provo said . "  Mr. Coleman had completed an Advanced Health Care Directive that granted Shannon Price permission to make medical decisions on his behalf if he was unable to do so , " said the hospital statement , which Price authorized . The document was in effect when the decision to remove Coleman from life support was made May 28 , the hospital said . "  An Advanced Health Care Directive remains in effect regardless of a patient 's marital status , unless modified by the patient , " the hospital statement said . Coleman was best known as the wisecracking youngster Arnold on "  Diff ` rent Strokes " from the late 1970s to the mid-1980s . "  There was a touch of magic and a different stroke in Gary Coleman , " said TV legend Norman Lear , who produced the show . "  He was the inspiration behind his show 's title . " CNN 's Jack Hannah and Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report .	NEW : Globe magazine confirms it bought Coleman deathbed photos Ex-wife Shannon Price says said she needs money after paying lawyer Coleman executor : Price is trying to profit from his death Funeral plans are pending , executor says
CNN  The cold gripping much of the eastern United States is bitter , it 's sprawling , and it 's deadly . And it 's apparently not going away -- at least for any length of time -- anytime soon . From a frozen Niagara Falls to endangered Florida oranges , there 's no shortage of evidence about how cold it has been over the past few days . But the worst such examples come in places like Tennessee , where 10 deaths have been blamed on the harsh winter weather , according to that state 's emergency management agency . Four of the deaths stemmed from car accidents , and five were tied to hypothermia , which is abnormally low body temperatures that can cause confusion , sleepiness , slowed speech or reactions , and can be fatal if not treated quickly . The 10th death was a dialysis patient who was unable to get to treatment . Tennessee is hardly the only state affected . Some 185 million people are felling the deep freeze , with wind chill warnings and advisories posted for Thursday and Friday in more than 20 states . The National Weather Service notes that temperatures on Thursday were 25 to 45 degrees Fahrenheit below normal in some locales , where some records should smash like an icicle . Even Deep South states like Georgia and Alabama , and even Florida -- known more for sweltering than shivering -- have hard freeze and freeze warnings in effect . And no one should expect beach days in the immediate future . Instead , the weather service says , "  Get ready for an even more impressive surge of Arctic air later this week as another cold front drops south from Canada . " "  There are indications " its forecast adds , "  that this could be some of the coldest weather since the mid-1990s for some parts of the Southeast U.S. , Mid-Atlantic , and central Appalachians . " Things should warm up some over the weekend . But that does n't mean East Coast residents can break out their swimsuits , what with yet more snow predicted Saturday and Sunday in places like Boston and a return to frigid temperatures next week . CNN 's John Murgatroyd contributed to this report .	10 deaths in Tennessee have been tied to the harsh winter weather Tens of millions of people in the eastern United States are experiencing a deep freeze Temperatures are 25 to 45 degrees below normal in some locations
Midland City , Alabama  CNN  -- As far as birthday milestones go , 6 is n't an age that gets the kind of enthusiastic treatment that parents reserve for when a child turns 1 or comes of age at 12 . But Ethan turned 6 on Wednesday after surviving an unimaginable ordeal , and Midland City , Alabama , wanted to make sure it was a birthday worth remembering . And he likely will remember it for a long time , according to Sheriff Wally Olson , who visited with the boy and his mother . "  He 's been with his family . He played with some toys , " Olson said Wednesday afternoon . "  He had a large time . " Ethan also saw the overwhelming support from his tiny community and from the world . The city had planned a vigil at Napier Field Town Hall on Tuesday night , but after Ethan was rescued it turned into a celebration . There , children signed an oversized card . "  Happy 6th Birthday Ethan , " it said . More than 1,200 other cards came in from across the nation , said Philip Parker , principal of Midland City Elementary . Inside the bunker : From storm shelter to boy 's prison The community started an online campaign to raise $ 7,000 to send the boy and his family to Disney World . "  It grew wings overnight , " said Anna Owen , one of the organizers . Owen said more than $ 8,200 was raised by Wednesday afternoon . "  It makes me proud . People just totally want to help . From London to Dothan , it 's been overwhelming , " she said . The city is planning a massive birthday party and is trying to find a place large enough to hold it . While the party was n't ready Wednesday , many are leaning toward a high school football stadium . Such is the joy in this small town of 2,300 knowing that Ethan wo n't have to waste his birthday wish hoping to be freed from a dark , underground chamber . He was freed Monday after being hostage underground for six days . Seeing her son again , said Ethan 's mother , was "  the most beautiful sight . " But even as the youngster blows out his candles and the south Alabama town plans a celebration , agents will continue combing through the crime scene at Private Road 1539 . After being kidnapped , the recovery ahead The bombs Two bombs were discovered Tuesday inside that bunker where an FBI team rescued the 5-year-old boy from his kidnaper , Jimmy Lee Dykes , authorities said . One was in the bunker and another was in the PVC pipe that Dykes sometimes used to communicate with the authorities during the 6-day hostage standoff , the FBI said . Knowing Dykes had already shot and killed bus driver Charles Poland , and dragged the boy into the underground bunker , authorities feverishly tried to negotiate with him . Before storming the bunker , negotiators had tried many avenues with no success . Dykes was contentious with authorities from the beginning and throughout the standoff , but the conversations deteriorated rapidly toward the end . Law enforcement officers were able to see what was going on inside the bunker with a camera they slipped into the hideout , a law enforcement official said . FBI sources said surveillance drones constantly monitored the situation . The FBI hostage rescue team practiced on a nearby mockup of the bunker until Dykes ' declining mental state forced it to storm the bunker , law enforcement sources said . The assault Monday afternoon came from the top of the bunker , a law enforcement source said , and left Dykes with multiple gunshot wounds . The discovery of the bombs later seemed to further illustrate the danger Ethan faced . Olson said the bunker will be destroyed once all evidence has been collected . "  This has been a terrible tragedy for this community and I 'd hate to see this happen again . No one should see this place , " he said . Support crucial for kids after trauma The reunion Ethan was reunited with his mother , who has not been publicly named , at a hospital Tuesday . The grateful mother released a statement describing the reunion . "  I ca n't describe how incredible it is to hold him again , " she said . "  Ethan is safe and back in my arms -- and I owe it all to some of the most compassionate people on Earth . " His classmates ca n't wait to see him , said Parker , the principal . "  We are just looking forward to the time that he can come back in and we can wrap our arms around him and tell him we love him , " he said . Another person grateful was Aaron Poland , whose father was killed trying to protect Ethan and 21 other children on the school bus . Ethan 's made him feel like his dad 's final route was finished , Aaron Poland said . "  Ethan was home with his mom . Safe , " he said . "  My dad 's key job was to make sure that every child was delivered safely to their parents . " How our children will recover CNN 's Martin Savidge reported from Midland City ; Lateef Mungin reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Marylynn Ryan , Victor Blackwell , Carol Cratty , Vivian Kuo , Rich Phillips , Larry Shaughnessy , Barbara Starr , Michael Pearson , Steve Almasy and HLN law enforcement analyst Mike Brooks also contributed to this report .	NEW : Sheriff says boy had ` large time ' on his birthday Online campaign raises money to send family to Disney World Well-wishers sign oversized card for Ethan , who turns 6 Wednesday Two bombs are found in kidnapper 's bunker , FBI says
The deadliest outbreak of Ebola virus on record has sparked fears that the killer virus could spread from West Africa to other regions and continents . The outbreak began with just a handful of cases in Guinea in March . Since then , that number has grown to 909 confirmed cases and another 414 probable or suspected in that country , Sierra Leone and Liberia and Nigeria , according to the World Health Organization . Some 729 people of the 1,323 total confirmed and possible infections have died , reports WHO as of July 27 . The WHO says "  drastic action is needed " to contain Ebola , warning that previously undetected chains of transmission are boosting the numbers of sick and increasing the chances that the disease spreads from Africa . "  This epidemic is without precedent , " said Bart Janssens , director of operations for Médecins Sans Frontières , also known as Doctors Without Borders . "  It 's absolutely not under control , and the situation keeps worsening . ... There are many places where people are infected but we do n't know about it . " What 's the latest ? The Ebola outbreak has been centered in Guinea , Sierra Leone and Liberia , where authorities have been working to contain the virus . In Liberia , President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf announced Wednesday that , "  without exceptions , all schools are ordered closed pending further directive from the Ministry of Education . " She also declared Friday a nonworking day "  to be used for the disinfection and chlorination of all public facilities . " On the same day , the Peace Corps said it was temporarily removing its 340 volunteers from Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea due to the outbreak . The announcement comes as two Peace Corps volunteers were isolated after coming in contact with someone who ended up dying of Ebola , a spokeswoman for the group said . She said these two Americans "  are not symptomatic , " and the Peace Corps will work to return them to the United States once they get medical clearance to travel . Concerns about Ebola are n't confined to those three countries . Last week , a Liberian government official who had contracted the virus died in isolation at a hospital in Lagos , Nigeria . Patrick Sawyer , a naturalized American citizen who worked in Liberia , flew to Nigeria intending to attend a conference . After exhibiting symptoms upon arrival July 20 , he was hospitalized and died on July 25 . He 's the first American to die in the outbreak , though two other U.S. aid workers in Liberia have contracted Ebola and are being treated . Sawyer 's was the only known case in Nigeria , WHO said . And the British government convened an emergency meeting to discuss the threat of Ebola to the UK , even though no case has been reported there . Officials discussed what measures could be taken if UK nationals in West Africa should become infected , Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond said . Why was someone infected with Ebola allowed on a plane ? It is unknown whether Sawyer was displaying symptoms before he flew from Monrovia , Liberia 's capital , to Ghana and then to Togo to switch planes to fly to Lagos . His Minnesota-based widow , Decontee Sawyer , told CNN that he had cared for his ill sister in Liberia , though she said he did n't know at the time that his sister had Ebola . When he arrived in Nigeria , he told officials that he had no direct contact with anyone who had the disease . Because it takes between two and 21 days before Ebola symptoms to show , there 's little health officials can do to stop an asymptomatic person from flying to another country , said CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Sanjay Gupta . So , serious viruses such as Ebola may be just "  a plane ride away " from reaching the developed world , according to Marty Cetron of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  CDC  . Mindful of this , Nigeria-based airline companies ASKY and Arik Air suspended operations at the end of July into Monrovia and Freetown , the capitals of Liberia and Sierra Leone , respectively . ASKY said passengers departing from Conakry , Guinea , would be screened for signs of the virus . Cetron says it is unlikely the virus would spread on an airplane unless a passenger were to come into contact with a sick person 's bodily fluids . Stressing the key role that those working at airports play in keeping Ebola in check , the CDC spokesman said : "  Being educated , knowing the symptoms , recognizing what to do , having a response to protocol , knowing who to call -- those are really , really important parts of the global containment strategies to deal with threats like this . " What else is being done to stop the spread of the disease ? Ebola patients are being isolated by health officials in West Africa , and those who have come into contact with them are being told to monitor their temperatures . President Sirleaf has closed most of Liberia 's borders with neighboring countries , and the few points of entry that are still open will have Ebola testing centers . The President also placed restrictions on public gatherings and ordered hotels , restaurants and other entertainment venues to play a five-minute video on Ebola safety . The CDC has issued an alert to health workers in the United States to watch out for any patients who may have recently traveled to West Africa and could have contracted the virus . Why does Ebola generate such fear ? Medecins Sans Frontieres  MSF  describes Ebola as "  one of the world 's most deadly diseases . " "  It is a highly infectious virus that can kill up to 90 % of the people who catch it , causing terror among infected communities , " it says . The death rate in this outbreak has dropped to roughly 55 % because of early treatment . There is also no vaccination against it . Of Ebola 's five subtypes , the Zaire strain -- the first to be identified -- is considered the most deadly . The WHO said preliminary tests on the Ebola virus in Guinea in March suggested that the outbreak there was this strain , though that has not been confirmed . What is Ebola , and what are its symptoms ? The Ebola virus causes viral hemorrhagic fever , which according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  CDC  , refers to a group of viruses that affect multiple organ systems in the body and are often accompanied by bleeding . The virus is named after the Ebola River in the Democratic Republic of Congo  formerly Zaire  , where one of the first outbreaks occurred in 1976 . Early symptoms include sudden onset of fever , weakness , muscle pain , headaches and a sore throat . These symptoms can appear two to 21 days after infection . The WHO says these nonspecific early symptoms can be mistaken for signs of diseases such as malaria , typhoid fever , meningitis or even the plague . MSF says some patients may also develop a rash , red eyes , hiccups , chest pains and difficulty breathing and swallowing . The early symptoms progress to vomiting , diarrhea , impaired kidney and liver function and sometimes internal and external bleeding . Ebola can only be definitively confirmed by five different laboratory tests . How is it treated ? There are no specific treatments for Ebola . MSF says patients are isolated and then supported by health care workers . "  This consists of hydrating the patient , maintaining their oxygen status and blood pressure and treating them for any complicating infections , " it says . There have been cases of healthcare workers contracting the virus from patients , and the WHO has issued guidance for dealing with confirmed or suspected cases of the virus . Carers are advised to wear impermeable gowns and gloves and to wear facial protection such as goggles or a medical mask to prevent splashes to the nose , mouth and eyes . MSF says it contained a 2012 outbreak in Uganda by placing a control area around its treatment center . An outbreak is considered over once 42 days -- double the incubation period of the disease -- have passed without any new cases . How does it spread ? The WHO says it is believed that fruit bats may be the natural host of the Ebola virus in Africa , passing on the virus to other animals . Humans contract Ebola through contact with the bodily fluids of infected animals or the bodily fluids of infected humans . MSF says that while the virus is believed to be able to survive for some days in liquid outside an infected organism , chlorine disinfection , heat , direct sunlight , soaps and detergents can kill it . MSF epidemiologist Kamiliny Kalahne said outbreaks usually spread in areas where hospitals have poor infection control and limited access to resources such as running water . "  People who become sick with it almost always know how they got sick : because they looked after someone in their family who was very sick -- who had diarrhea , vomiting and bleeding -- or because they were health staff who had a lot of contact with a sick patient , " she said .	There are more than 1,300 confirmed and suspected Ebola cases , hundreds of deaths Liberia closes all schools , sets day "  for the disinfection ... of all public facilities " "  This epidemic is without precedent , " a humanitarian official says Ebola is a viral hemorrhagic fever , affecting multiple organs and accompanied by bleeding
New York  CNN  -- A New York taxi driver pleaded guilty Friday to involvement in a plot to blow up crowded subway trains . After entering his plea Zarein Ahmedzay delivered a message : "  I strongly urge the American people to stop supporting the war against Islam , " he said , adding , "  I am thankful for myself that I did not do anything to harm anyone but fear someone else will do the same thing . " Prosecutors said Ahmedzay and another man , Adis Medunjanin , conspired with Najibullah Zazi on the attack in mid-September 2009 , which authorities thwarted . Zazi pleaded guilty and has been cooperating with authorities , investigators have said . Medunjanin has pleaded not guilty . During Ahmedzay 's hearing , prosecutors for the first time revealed the names of the two al Qaeda leaders who , officials said , ordered the plot : Saleh al-Somali , head of international operations for al Qaeda , and Rashid Rauf , a key operative . U.S. officials said both al Qaeda figures were killed in drone in attacks in Waziristan , the tribal region along the border between Pakistan and Afghanistan . Rauf was reported killed in a drone attack in Waziristan in November 2008 ; al-Somali was reported killed in December 2009 , U.S. officials said . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder , in a written statement , said the facts disclosed Friday "  add chilling details to what we know was a deadly plot hatched by al Qaeda leaders overseas to kill scores of Americans in the New York City subway system in September 2009 . This plot , as well as others we have encountered , makes clear we face a continued threat from al Qaeda and its affiliates overseas . " "  Prosecution underscores the importance of using every tool we have available to both disrupt plots against our nation and hold suspected terrorists accountable , " Holder said . Ahmedzay previously pleaded not guilty to making false statements to the FBI about the plot . But Friday , appearing before before Chief U.S. Magistrate Judge Steven M. Gold in U.S. District Court , he pleaded guilty to conspiracy to use a weapon of mass of destruction against people in the United States ; conspiracy to commit murder ; and providing material support to a foreign terrorist organization . Ahmedzay told the court that he , Zazi and a third man traveled to Pakistan in August 2008 to join jihadists fighting in Afghanistan , but they were turned away . But al Qaeda leaders in Pakistan told the group they would be more helpful to the jihad cause if they conducted suicide attacks in New York . "  We discussed the matter amongst ourselves , and we agreed to go forward with the plan , " he said . "  I personally believed that conducting an operation in the United States would be the best way to end the wars . " At one point , Ahmedzay said , he began to have second thoughts but ultimately committed to the plan . He said his primary input was to develop targets because he was a taxi driver and knew the city well . Eventually , the three settled on an attack on subway trains during the month of Ramadan , but abandoned that plan when they believed law enforcement was watching them . Ahmedzay concluded his statement to the court with his belief that "  Zionist Jews " are "  the real enemies of this country " who are "  destroying this country from within " and "  want a permanent shadow government within the government of the United States . " He faces a sentence of up to life in prison . He is scheduled to be sentenced at the end of July . "  Ahmedzay 's plea makes clear that he betrayed his adopted country and its people by providing support to al Qaeda and planning to bring deadly violence to New York , " said FBI Director Robert S. Mueller in a written statement . Robert Gottlieb , attorney for Medunjanin , said Friday 's developments do not change his client 's plans to proceed to trial . "  The evidence and the facts as they pertain to him will come out in court , " Gottlieb said . No trial date has been set for Medunjanin . CNN 's Jennifer Rizzo , Susan Candiotti and Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	Zarein Ahmedzay pleads guilty to conspiracy , faces possible life sentence After plea , he urges people in U.S. "  to stop supporting the war against Islam " Prosecutors reveal names of two al Qaeda leaders thought to have ordered the plot The two , Saleh al-Somali and Rashid Rauf , both were killed in U.S. drone attacks
CNN  An online group claiming affiliation with Islamic State terrorists has threatened American military members and their families in the past , and over the weekend , a new threat surfaced on the Web . A group calling itself the Islamic State Hacking Division posted the names , photos and addresses of about 100 U.S. troops online , calling for attacks against them . The file , posted online Saturday before being removed , claimed to have hacked military databases and said it was leaking 100 names "  so that our brothers residing in America can deal with you . " The possibility of lone-wolf attacks in the United States , the type that this message calls for , is a threat officials take seriously . A U.S. law enforcement official said that all 100 or so troops named in the file are being contacted . It is believed that ISIS members and sympathizers have been scouring social media sites trying to glean as much information as possible about service members , and have even threatened the spouses of military personnel online . One military wife recalls recently staying up all night and deleting every Facebook picture of her children , every post that mentioned them or where they went to school . She Googled herself , trying to figure out how easy it would be to find where the family lived . In the morning , she went to her car and scraped the military decal off the front window . As the spouse of a Special Forces soldier , she 's always tried to be conscious of how much she advertises that she and her three young children are a military family . "  It 's hard because I am so proud of what my husband does , but lately so many spouses that I know are actually scared that they could be targets of ISIS or someone who sympathizes with ISIS , " she told CNN in January , asking that CNN keep her name out of the story for that reason . Pro-ISIS hackers have never been responsible for a major cyber breach but some experts worry their capabilities are growing . J.M. Berger , co-author of "  ISIS : the State of Terror , " told CNN , "  There are indications some former members of Anonymous and TeaMp0isoN  another hacking group  are now hacking on behalf of ISIS . " The large majority of those within such hacking collectives are thought to hold very different views . In the wake of the attack against the Charlie Hebdo satirical magazine in Paris in January , hackers affiliated with Anonymous declared online war on ISIS and al Qaeda . Regarding this weekend 's threat targeting troops , the Naval Criminal Investigative Service notified the Marines named in the file , a Marine Corps spokesman said . But the spokesman told CNN that the threat has yet to be verified . The Navy reminded service members to limit the amount of personal information they share online . On Sunday , a Defense Department official told CNN that it can not confirm the validity of the posting of troops ' information , but said it is investigating . The FBI is also looking into the post , a law enforcement official told CNN , adding there are questions about the credibility of the person or persons who posted it . In January , military families were spooked by an online message on Central Command 's Twitter account which was in all caps . It read : "  AMERICAN SOLDIERS , WE ARE COMING . WATCH YOUR BACK . ISIS . " The tweet included a link to a statement that said , in part , "  We wo n't stop ! We know everything about you , your wives and children . U.S. soldiers ! We 're watching you ! " The Twitter hacker managed to post other threatening messages , propaganda videos and some military documents until the accounts were disabled . Central Command quickly made public assurances that it was relatively easy to hack Twitter , no serious security details were revealed and it would find who was behind the hack . Army wife Ashley Broadway-Mack said the messages just amplified the anxiety she already feels after recent terror attacks targeting military personnel , law enforcement officers and civilians . She and other family members told CNN in January that they first began to think about the possibility in May 2013 when a uniformed British soldier in London was murdered by two men who shouted "  Allahu akbar , " or "  God is great . " Others started to fear the possibility of their service members or themselves being targeted after the killing of a Canadian soldier during an October attack on the country 's Parliament . Attacks and plots in Australia have them concerned , too , they said . In September , the Australian Prime Minister said a plot to kidnap a member of the public , behead the victim and then drape him or her in an ISIS flag had been thwarted . In December , a self-styled Muslim cleric held hostages in a Sydney cafe for 17 hours , a drama that ended with the deaths of two hostages . The gunman , who was known for sending hate mail to military families , was killed . The slayings in Paris , for which al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula has taken responsibility , have prompted Broadway-Mack to think about security at North Carolina 's Fort Bragg . "  Before the incident in Canada , I honestly did n't think ISIS was a threat to our family or other military families , " she said in January . "  I worry about the hundreds , thousands of folks going to and from work in uniform . They , too , could be targets . I think of other areas around the country where there 's a large military presence -- an attack , ambush , lone terrorist is something I fear . "  I hate to say it , but I honestly no longer think if , but when and where , " she said . "  I think it 's only a matter of time . " In late November , the FBI issued a warning to U.S. military members that ISIS was calling for attacks against them , a law enforcement source told CNN . The source said that "  overseas based individuals are looking for like-minded individuals in the U.S. to carry out these attacks . " The warning asked members of the military to "  review their online social media presence for any information that might attract the attention of violent extremists . " The bulletin also said authorities were concerned that ISIS members were "  spotting and assessing " individuals in the United States who may be interested in carrying out attacks inside the country against members of the military , a U.S. counterterror official told CNN . Lori Volkman , who is married to a commanding officer , told CNN in January that she she knows military members and spouses who have stopped openly carrying their uniforms to their car after a visit to the dry cleaners . Some have stopped wearing clothing with military insignia and are more careful when they open their wallet to avoid showing military IDs or payment cards . The small , simple changes do n't mean military family members are running scared , Volkman said . But it was difficult when her young daughter was watching television and saw the news about the Centcom hack and the threat that ISIS was coming for soldiers . "  She turned and looked at me and you could see it registering -- we 're soldiers . She had a very worried look , " Volkman said . "  But kids are comforted by whatever their parents tell them . We ca n't live our lives in fear and we try to reassure them . " A blogger and communications firm CEO , Volkman wondered how she would even begin to scrub her online presence . Angela McCormick Ricketts also said in January that she 's thrown her hands up about the matter of online privacy . Her memoir , "  No Man 's War " is a critical success . She 's done a lot of press and is omnipresent online . "  I 'm probably screwed if ISIS starts targeting yappy military spouses , so it 's too late now ! There 's also a part of me that thinks that 's what they want -- to make us always looking over our shoulders . So no . No to all of it , " she said . It 's a matter of principle , she and others said . Why should families bend to fear and stop sharing online when social media has helped many of them get through 14 years of nonstop war ? Though the military has at times struggled with how much freedom its members should have on social media , relatives have wholeheartedly embraced it . Military families appear to use social media at higher rates than civilians , according to data from the Pew Research Center . Social media as we now know it was n't even around when the Afghanistan war began . Facebook launched in 2004 , almost exactly a year after the United States invaded Iraq . Now , dozens of military spouses have blogs and Facebook caters to the community . A 2014 survey by military advocacy group Blue Star Families found that 75 % of 6,200 respondents considered the use of social media to be very important . CNN 's Paul Cruickshank , Mariano Castillo , Barbara Starr , Kevin Bohn , Mary Kay Mallonee , Pamela Brown and Jim Sciutto contributed to this report .	Group called Islamic State Hacking Division threatened U.S. troops It 's not the first time online threats against military families have emerged on the Internet
Miami  CNN  -- Two southern Florida imams accused of supporting the Pakistani Taliban appeared briefly in a Miami federal court Monday , before a judge pushed back the legal proceedings into next week so the suspects could sort out their legal representation . The two men -- Hafiz Khan and his son Izhar Khan -- were arrested Saturday in South Florida , the Justice Department said . Another of Hafiz Khan 's sons , Irfan Khan , was arrested that same day in El Segundo , California . Later Monday , he likewise remained in federal custody after putting off entering a plea during his own initial court appearance at the Roybal Federal Building in Los Angeles . Three others in Pakistan also have been indicted : Khan 's daughter Amina Khan , Khan 's grandson Alam Zeb and Ali Rehman . All six defendants face a four-count indictment that alleges they conspired to provide material support to a conspiracy to kill , injure and kidnap people abroad . It also alleges that they provided support to the Pakistani Taliban . About a dozen representatives of the two imams ' Florida mosques -- Flagler Mosque in Miami for Hafiz Khan , and Jamaat Al-Mu ` mineen Mosque in Margate for his son Izhar -- attended Monday 's court session to support the men and hear the accusations against them . "  He was their spiritual leader , so it is a shock , everyone is in shock , " said Nezar Hamze , executive director of the south Florida chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations , of Hafiz Khan from the Miami court . The two were expected to be formally arraigned Monday , with the possibility of bail being set . But at the defendants ' request , Magistrate Judge Barry Garber said that would instead happen on May 23 . Izhar Khan , 24 , had requested a public defender , but did not meet the court 's financial requirements to do so . He asked for more time to find his own lawyer , a request that Garber granted . His father , 76-year-old Hafiz Khan , was represented by Khurrum Wahid , a Pompano Beach , Florida-based lawyer who has "  represented scores of individuals detained by the government since " the September 11 , 2001 , attacks , according to his firm 's website . Wahid told the magistrate judge he was temporarily representing Khan , and requested more time to assess the case . Afterward , Wahid said his primary concern was the imam 's health , adding he hopes to get him home and out of the federal detention center at next week 's session . He described Hafiz Khan -- who appeared frail Saturday , with white facial hair and thick glasses -- as in poor health because of a heart condition , high cholesterol and borderline diabetes , among other problems . "  My primary concern right now is getting him out , " said Wahid . The attorney added that his client plans to "  challenge the evidence , " if and when it is presented in court . "  At this stage , we do n't have anything other than what is written on a piece of paper by the U.S. Attorney 's office , " Wahid said . In Los Angeles , meanwhile , Irfan Khan appeared before Magistrate Judge Paul Abrams clad in a tan sweater vest over a dress shirt . He briefly answered a series of questions before delaying entering a plea on the charge that he is facing . Abrams then continued the legal proceedings involving Irfan Khan to Thursday . The indictment and all six arrests were not linked to the May 2 killing of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden in Pakistan , two U.S. officials said Saturday . The charges relate to alleged crimes committed between 2008 and 2010 . Authorities said their investigation focused on leadership at the mosques . The indictment describes a number of occasions when Hafiz Khan transferred money to Pakistan . "  Khan solicited and distributed funds for the Pakistani Taliban , both personally and on behalf of others , and worked with the co-defendants and others to support the Pakistani Taliban 's jihad , " the indictment says . The court documents also state there were several conversations between Hafiz Khan and the other defendants in which Hafiz Khan called for attacks against the Pakistani government and asked whether money had been delivered to the Pakistani Taliban . Hafiz Khan also built a madrassa in Pakistan 's Swat Valley that provided shelter for the terrorist group , the indictment states . The term "  madrassa " traditionally refers to any Muslim school , but in recent years news stories about madrassas radicalizing Islamic students cast the word in a negative light . "  The main defendant Khan operated and controlled a madrassa to shelter members of the Pakistan Taliban and to train children to become military fighters for the Mujahedeen , " U.S. Attorney Wilfredo A. Ferrer said . He said authorities are aware of several unindicted co-conspirators in the United States and Pakistan . The Pakistani Taliban represent a confederation of Taliban groups in northwestern Pakistan , where they are based , said Bill Roggio , military affairs analyst who is managing editor of The Long War Journal . Those fighters attack targets in Pakistan and neighboring Afghanistan . The Pakistani Taliban , which is headquartered in Quetta , is different from the Afghan Taliban , which has been focused on re-establishing the Islamic Emirate in Afghanistan . Both groups swear allegiance to Taliban leader Mullah Omar and have close ties to al Qaeda , Roggio said . On Monday , Hamze from the Council on American-Islamic Relations , said it was "  too early to speculate " on what will be proven in the upcoming legal proceedings . Regardless , he said it should not be seen as an indictment of Muslims in the United States . "  This is my community , we are peacefully in south Florida  and  we are all American , " Hamze said from Miami . "  We love the United States . " CNN 's John Couwels , Jeanne Meserve , Susan Candiotti , Rich Phillips and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : Irfan Khan , one of 6 people charged , puts off entering a plea in Los Angeles Hafiz and his son Izhar Khan say they both need time to sort out their legal representation Federal authorities claim the 6 gave money for a conspiracy to kill , injure and kidnap people A Muslim group 's official says of the indictment : "  Everyone is in shock "
CNN  The night before her daughter 's first triathlon , Kate Parker could tell the child was nervous . Ella and her younger sister , Alice , are athletic , loud , curious , wild-haired kids . They grew up watching their mother compete in races and Ella had asked to sign up for her own . Still , as they laid out everything she 'd need the next day , Parker , a photographer , could tell she was afraid . "  Why do n't we get a picture ? " Parker asked Ella , now 9 . "  Show me your strongest face , show me your bravest face , even if you do n't feel that way right now . " As she pulled the image up on her screen , she got chills from her daughter 's direct stare . She looked , Parker said , like "  a little badass . " "  You 're going to be totally fine , " Parker showed her . "  Look at how tough you are . " The next day , Ella participated in her race , and loved it . Looking back , "  I wanted her to remember that she was scared and she went through with it , sort of as a memento of her conquering a fear , " said Parker , who lives near Atlanta . "  As a mom , I really wanted to get a good picture of it , too . " The photo is one of Parker 's favorites from her series , "  Strong is the New Pretty . " It covers the last two years , but evolved from Parker 's early days behind a camera , when she shot daily images of her girls to expand her knowledge of lighting and composition . It seemed that most images of little girls showcased perfectly placed hair bows , forced smiles and Photoshop-smooth skin . Hers did n't . "  I did n't want to shoot pictures like that . I did n't want girls to think they had to look like that , " said Parker , whose daughters are now 6 and 9 . "  Whoever they were , however they were , was worthy of an image . Whatever they were was good enough . " So , she shot her girls and their friends as they were -- freckled , muddy , screaming , laughing , jumping in the pool , collecting worms in the creek , barreling into the wilderness of early adolescence on skateboards and bicycles . "  I want to capture them before they lose that sense of ` I 'm so awesome . ' I wanted them to keep that as long as they could , " Parker said . "  I started to shoot with that in mind , but it was already there . " The girls pose for an occasional portrait , but most are kid-inspired moments , shaped by childish wonderment and energy . As parents , Parker and her husband encourage their girls to play outside , make new friends and try new things without worrying about grass-stained knees and knots in their hair , Parker said . Now , the girls have the confidence and curiosity to do it on their own . "  They 're just being themselves , and I 'm just recording it , " Parker said . Responses to the images are mostly positive , Parker said , but there 's the occasional complaint that she 's showing just one type of girl . It 's true , Parker said : They 're the ones she 's raising , the only ones whose adventures she can document 24/7 . She hopes the project inspires parents to find their own creative ways to capture their children 's lives . More important , she wants kids to see they can be strong in whatever they are and whatever they hope to be . Parker 's own kids still surprise her . "  Alice is a beautiful singer . When I hear her sing , it makes me cry , " Parker said . "  Ella has this amazing , kind heart that cares more about the experience than the win . It 's something that I did not teach her . "  Whatever it is , it 's OK . "	Kate Parker is the photographer and mother behind "  Strong is the New Pretty " The photo series shows her messy , wild daughters as they are , Parker said
CNN  -- Brad Pitt clearly has a great deal going on . Between being dad to six children , a fiancÃ © , an activist and a perfume pitchman , he still manages to squeeze in some time acting . The movie star recently sat down with "  Showbiz Tonight 's " A.J. Hammer to talk about his latest project , the mob film "  Killing Them Softly , " and that nagging question of when he plans to marry partner Angelina Jolie . A.J. Hammer : Brad , we 've got a mob movie and I believe the first one we 've seen that has political campaign speeches throughout it . Brad Pitt : I like to mix it up . Hammer : Was this -- for you -- as much about making a mob movie as it was about sending a political message ? Pitt : This is a good friend of mine , the writer and director , Andrew Dominik , he 's from Australia , and his view of America was very interesting to me . His feeling in some way oppressed and that we get caught up in trying to sell the idea that the image is more important than the actual substance . This is what he was trying to tell with this story . He finds this book about a crime syndicate , and he makes these comparisons to -- not politics , per se , or not just politics , but ... the financial crisis itself , and it was a good subject matter . Hammer : I know , and timely ! The idea of the mob dealing with corporate concerns or falling off a fiscal cliff . How timely is that coming off this political season ? Pitt : Absolutely ! And how much are we really dealing with -- the issue 's always at the image of the issue , and oftentimes , a scapegoat is found , but it 's not really solved . This is what our film is about . It 's about get the games going again , get the perception that the machine 's running again so everyone can feel confident , have market confidence and get on with the game . Hammer : I want to ask you specifically ... about an issue that 's been at the forefront for you and Angelina , and that is the issue of marriage equality . That is something that you guys have obviously done a phenomenal job moving forward and getting the message out about what should be done . You 've talked about perception versus what happens in reality sometimes . When and why did that become so important to you guys ? Pitt : It 's one of our last big issues of equality . What makes this nation great is our freedoms and the idea of equality , the true idea of equality -- and in that definition , there 's a certain faction of our society that is not being included . And that time ... it 's time ! Yeah , it 's time . Hammer : You guys have once famously said you would hold off on getting married until everybody could get married . And I know now you 're engaged . You said you 're doing it for the kids , which obviously everybody 's excited about . Pitt : And ourselves , but they prompted it . Hammer : Are they pressuring you at all to set a date ? Are they getting on you about this ? Pitt : No , not necessarily . Hammer : Do you think it 's something you 'll make public ? Because obviously there 's a huge interest , demand , people want to feel like they 're a part when you guys actually get married . Pitt : We do n't know . We have n't gotten that far yet . Hammer : You can not turn on the TV without seeing the Chanel ad . Obviously , Brad , you know that got such a huge reaction . Did you get a kick out of the reaction ? Pitt : I say fair play ! Hammer : Absolutely . I say they got their money 's worth . I mean , the number of times it got played from people talking about it . Pitt : You know , I 'm not a part of that side of the marketing , but fair play ! Hammer : Last thing : I want to flash back . We 're going to have a little fun . I just want you to take a quick look at this guy here .  Pitt watched clip of himself from "  Thelma and Louise . " Pitt : Was that ? Really ? I do n't even recognize that guy ! Was this -- what year ? Hammer : You had just gotten out to California maybe six months prior . What advice would this guy in the chair across from me give that guy there ? Pitt : I think that guy did all right . I think he figured it out quite fine . I do n't think I need to tell him much .	Brad Pitt plays a mob enforcer in his new film , "  Killing Them Softly " He said their children are not prompting him and Jolie to get married He has a sense of humor about the ribbing surrounding his Chanel ad
CNN  -- Fourth seed David Ferrer was sent crashing out of the U.S. Open by Frenchman Gilles Simon on Sunday , becoming the biggest men 's scalp to be taken so far during the final grand slam of the tennis season , while former women 's champion Maria Sharapova also exited . In oppressively humid conditions at Flushing Meadows , Simon and Ferrer traded the first two sets 6-3 before Simon found another level to wrap up the final two sets 6-1 6-3 . The 26th seed took advantage of some sloppy play by Ferrer , who made 52 unforced errors and appeared to be struggling physically with the heat in the third-round tie . It was a timely victory for Simon , who had lost five of his past six meetings against the Spaniard . "  He destroyed me five times before , " Simon said after the match . "  I just tried to stay loose and relaxed and enjoy myself on court . But I am tired . The weather forecast said it would be cooler today but it did n't feel like it . We ran so much and I am happy to finish in four sets because I knew that against David it would be really hard in the fifth . " Simon will play Croatian 14th seed Marin Cilic , who beat South Africa 's Kevin Anderson in four sets . "  I always have a tough fight with Marin , " Simon said after Cilic 's victory . Simon has beaten Cilic in his last four encounters but is not taking anything for granted . "  Yes , but did you check the scores ?! It was always in five sets ! We know each other well . It will be a tough fight . " Roger Federer continued his bid to become the first man to win six U.S. Open titles as he reached the last 16 with a rain-interrupted win against Spain 's Marcel Granollers . The 17-time grand slam champion came from behind to triumph 4-6 6-1 6-1 6-1 against the world No. 42 , setting up a fourth-round clash with another Spaniard , Roberto Bautista Agut . The 17th seed equaled his best grand slam performance , matching his achievement of reaching the last 16 at January 's Australian Open , as he beat France 's Adrian Mannarino in straight sets . "  I feel very explosive , quick , " second seed Federer said . "  The coordination is there , as well . I feel like I 've gotten used to the hard courts by now . It 's really working well . I 'm very pleased . " Seventh seed Grigor Dimitrov also came from behind to beat Belgium 's David Goffin in four , and the Bulgarian will next play French 20th seed Gael Monfils . Monfils upset 12th-seeded compatriot Richard Gasquet in straight sets to reach the last 16 in New York for the first time since 2009 . Czech sixth seed Tomas Berdych also progressed , beating Russia 's Teimuraz Gabashvili 6-3 6-2 6-4 to set up a clash with Austrian debutant Dominic Thiem . Thiem , who turns 21 on Wednesday , eliminated Spanish 19th seed Feliciano Lopez 6-4 6-2 6-3 as he continued his best showing at a grand slam , having lost in the first round at Wimbledon and the second at the Australian and French Opens . Meanwhile former world No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki put a nightmare 2014 firmly behind her by knocking out five-time grand slam winner Sharapova 6-4 2-6 6-2 and book her place in the quarterfinals . French Open champion Sharapova was the strong favorite at the Arthur Ashe Stadium , but the Dane dug deep to win the third set and give her a great chance of winning her first grand slam . "  She made me hit a lot of balls , " Sharapova told reporters . "  That 's always been her strength . But she did extremely well today . She 's a great retriever , especially in these types of conditions . I just felt like I maybe went for a little too much . " Of all the female players left in the draw , only world No. 1 Serena Williams and formerly top-ranked Victoria Azarenka have ever won a grand slam . "  It means so much to me , " said Wozniacki after her victory over the fifth seed , who won the 2006 U.S. Open and reached the semifinals in her last appearance in 2012 . "  It 's been a bit up and down for me this season ... To win today against a champion like Maria is an unbelievable feeling . " Wozniacki , seeded 10th this year , was runner-up in 2009 and made the semis in 2010-11 but has not reached the last four of a grand slam since then . The 24-year-old , who split with golf star Rory McIlroy this year ahead of a planned wedding , will next face Italian 12th seed Sara Errani . Errani , a semifinalist in 2012 after losing in the French Open final earlier that season , ended the dream run of former child prodigy Mirjana Lucic-Baroni as she beat the 32-year-old Croatian 6-3 2-6 6-0 . Lucic-Baroni , who came through qualifying and beat world No. 2 Simona Halep in round three , was playing in the last 16 of a grand slam for the first time since 1999 -- when she was a semifinalist at Wimbledon . Belinda Bencic beat former world No. 1 Jelena Jankovic 7-6  8-6  6-3 to become the youngest U.S. Open quarterfinalist since 1997 , when Martina Hingis went on to win the title . The Swiss 17-year-old , who has trained at the academy run by Hingis ' mother , will next play China 's Peng Shuai -- who likewise progressed to the last eight of the singles competition for the first time in a grand slam . While Bencic is playing in majors for the first time this year , the 28-year-old Peng made her debut a decade ago and has twice won doubles titles , including the French Open in June . Peng ousted 14th-seeded Czech Lucie Safarova 6-3 6-4 , having upset world No. 5 Agnieszka Radwanska in round two . "  The last couple of times I was in the fourth round I would always lose to good players , " said Peng , who reached the last 16 at Wimbledon after first-round exits in Melbourne and Paris . "  I knew if I was going to win these matches I needed more courage on the court . "	Fourth seed David Ferrer out of U.S. Open , beaten by France 's Gilles Simon Roger Federer reaches last 16 as he continues bid for sixth New York title Caroline Wozniacki reaches women 's quarterfinals , beating Maria Sharapova Belinda Bencic , 17 , becomes youngest U.S. Open quarterfinalist since 1997
CNN  -- A new study finds that 54 percent of teens talk about behaviors such as sex , alcohol use , and violence on the social networking giant MySpace -- presenting potential risks even if all they 're doing is talking , researchers said Monday . Do you know what your teen has posted on social networking Web sites ? The study looked at MySpace profiles of 500 people who identified themselves as 18-year-old males and females in the United States . References to risky behaviors included both words and photos , the authors said . Not all teens who write about risky behaviors in their profiles actually engage in them in real life , said Dr. Megan Moreno of the University of Wisconsin School of Medicine and Public Health , one of the authors of the study , which appears in the January issue of Archives of Pediatrics & Adolescent Medicine . They may instead talk about sex , substance use , or violence because they are contemplating doing those things , or because they want to brag without actually doing what they say , Moreno said . Even if teens have not actually engaged in risky behaviors but merely brag about them online , this can still affect their future behavior , said study co-author Dr. Dimitri Christakis , professor of pediatrics at the University of Washington and director of the Center for Child Health , Behavior and Development at Seattle Children 's Hospital . Those who lie about the behaviors to show off may receive positive feedback from others -- comments such as "  that 's great " or "  I do the same thing " -- that encourage them to actually try out the behaviors , he said . Apart from that , teens who claim such behaviors are more likely to be victims of bullying and unwanted invitations for sex , he said . In a second study , Moreno and colleagues identified 190 profiles of 18 - to 20-year-olds that contained three or more references to sexual behaviors or substance abuse . The authors then made a profile of their own , called "  Dr. Meg , " from which they sent a single e-mail to half these profiles , warning them about the risky information and offering information about clinical resources . They found that , after three months , 42.1 percent of the profile owners who received the e-mail -- and 29.5 percent of those who did not -- either removed references to risky behaviors or made their profiles private . "  It 's really not that MySpace is bad or good . I think the lesson is that it 's a tool , and how you use it determines the kinds of outcome you 're going to get , " Moreno said . Experts say the bottom line is that parents should get more involved in the online lives of their children . "  I tell parents that they should absolutely create their own MySpace and Facebook page , " Christakis said . The study inspired him to create his own Facebook account , and his 10-year-old already wants to know about his "  friends , " he said . In some cases , parents should even have their children 's passwords for these social networking sites , especially when the children are around age 13 or 14 , said Vivian Friedman , child-adolescent psychologist at the University of Alabama at Birmingham . Friedman was not involved with the study , but she is well aware of the problem . One of Friedman 's patients , the daughter of a preacher , posted nude photographs of herself online , a move that cost her father his job , Friedman said . But she said 54 percent as a figure for profiles with risky behaviors seems too high , given that most of what happens on social networking sites is "  chit-chat . " "  I have parents that catch their kids bragging about something on MySpace , and when you actually confront them , the kid says ' I really was n't doing it , ' and they can prove they were not at the party where they were supposed to have been drinking , " she said . Beyond keeping a watchful eye on risky interests and pictures , parents should also use social networking sites such as MySpace -- which had about 120 million users as of this summer -- as an opportunity to learn about their childrens ' favorite movies and hobbies , as well as their top friends , she said . "  You so often hear parents say ' I do n't even know my kid anymore . ' Here 's a very easy tool to get to know your kid again , " she said . ,	Study : 54 percent of MySpace profiles of 18-year-olds mentioned risky behaviors Authors looked at 500 randomly chosen Web profiles from U.S. teens Many teens took down content or made profiles private after e-mail warning Experts : Parents should know what their children are doing online
CNN  -- Pete Cahall gripped a microphone with his left hand , a few pages of handwritten notes in his right . Both hands trembled nervously throughout the speech he struggled to deliver on Wednesday before the student body at Woodrow Wilson High School in Washington , D.C. Odd , since Cahall is the school 's principal , and has spoken in front of these very same students countless times before . But he had never given a speech like this before . In fact , he had never spoken publicly about what he was going to say . "  I am a proud gay man that just happens to be the principal of Wilson High School , " he said to thunderous applause . The announcement came at the school 's annual gay pride celebration . Mayor Vincent Gray and openly gay City Council member David Catania were in attendance . "  I never made this declaration before because I did not want my kids to think differently of me or to not respect me , " Cahall told the students . "  I have been in the shadows , but I am liberated today . " Later , the principal spoke of the moment . "  What I kept thinking was , how can I be the principal of Wilson and oversee a pride day and tell kids to be themselves and be who you are and then not do that ? It 's hypocritical , " Cahall told CNN affiliate WJLA . "  That was so unexpected , " senior Tao Marwell told WJLA . "  I had no idea . I have so much more respect for him now . " Gray , whom Cahall thanked in his speech for his "  care , leadership and support , " had some strong words for Westboro Baptist Church after the controversial congregation threatened to protest Woodrow Wilson for hosting a pride day . "  In my best biblical reference , my words to the people of Westboro in Kansas is they can go straight to hell , " said the mayor , according to WJLA . Cahall said that he was inspired to come out by openly gay professional athletes Jason Collins and Michael Sam . He also said that a recent birthday might have had something to do with it . "  I just turned 50 a couple weeks ago , and I 'm tired of hiding . " State-by-state : A frenzied few months on the same-sex marriage front ` Game of Thrones ' actor comes out as gay Actress Ellen Page : "  I am gay " CNN 's Justin Lear contributed to this article	High school principal in Washington comes out at school 's gay pride day Pete Cahall tells students , "  I am liberated today " Cahall was inspired by openly gay professional athletes
CNN  -- Not since that cranky old lady asked "  where 's the beef ? " has a fast food chain had an ad as funny as the Chick-fil-A cows begging people to "  Eat Mor Chikin . " And when I moved to Atlanta , where the franchise company is based , I did . Then I found out the company was funneling portions of its proceeds to fight gay rights . Now I 'm back to eating chicken , and not chikin . This is the U. S. Constitution at work -- freedom of speech meets freedom of expression . Chicago 's mayor Rahm Emanuel , Boston 's Thomas Menino and a handful of other mayors threatening to ban Chick-fil-A because of anti-gay marriage remarks made by its president , Dan Cathy ? Not so much . Are you demonstrating at Chick-fil-A this week ? Such a position may sound noble . It may be coming from a good place in the officials ' hearts . But thankfully it is unconstitutional . The last thing anyone , liberal or conservative , should want is local government censoring what a private citizen can say by way of withholding permits and licenses . With the exception of a few examples , such as falsely yelling fire in a crowded space , freedom of speech is n't contingent upon what a person says . So members of the Ku Klux Klan can legally rally and spew hate about black people . Westboro Baptist Church can protest and say terrible things about a soldier during his funeral . And Cathy can say whatever he wants about gay people . That 's the U.S. Constitution at work . You know what else is constitutional ? Rahm and Thomas making out with each other in protest . In response to Cathy 's remarks -- and the fact Chick-Fil-A has donated millions to organizations that fight gay rights -- the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation is organizing a same-sex kiss-in to be held at Chick-fil-A restaurants across the country Friday . I 'm not sure if Rahm and the others are free that day , but unlike their talk of banning the franchise , their participation in the lip lock is totally legal . It 's an unconventional protest for sure , one that lends itself to great video , funny interviews and front page stories with women kissing and the word "  chicks " somewhere in the headline . If you 're thinking of joining in , may I suggest making out before eating a chikin sandwich . Kiss-ins are so much more enjoyable when protesters have fresh breath . Opinion : Chick-fil-A and free speech Perhaps more entertaining than the kisses will be seeing how Chick 's management handles the situation . Having the CEO ramble on about gay people bringing God 's wrath down upon the nation is a PR nightmare , but it 's manageable . Video of staff kicking people out of its restaurants for being gay -- and let 's face it , if straight people are kissing and get to stay , that 's exactly what it will be -- well , that just opens the franchise up for a more significant financial backlash . Boycotts , like freedom of speech , are constitutional . Perhaps sensing that could be the next step in this debacle , the company recently issued a statement on its Facebook page that read in part , "  The Chick-fil-A culture and service tradition in our restaurants is to treat every person with honor , dignity and respect -- regardless of their belief , race , creed , sexual orientation or gender . " This echoes remarks made by Cathy last year when he was asked about the company 's donations to anti-gay groups . Back then he said "  We 're not anti-anybody . Our mission is to create raving fans . " Well , he 's got people raving , but I do n't think this is what he had in mind . Pittsburgh Mayor Luke Ravenstahl said he "  could not agree more with the mayors in terms of their positions , and I could n't disagree more with Chick-fil-A and their position , and if it 's appropriate for us to take a hard stand and say , ` You 're not welcomed , ' we 'll consider it . " Again , that 's not necessarily the Constitution at work , but it does sound like another pair of high-profile lips are eligible for Friday 's kiss-in . To be fair , Cathy does have a lot of supporters who are choosing to eat mor chikin . My Take : Chick-fil-A controversy reveals religious liberty under threat Rick Santorum recently live tweeted during a Chick-fil-A visit , Sarah Palin was photographed this weekend with a bag of chikin and Mike Huckabee declared this upcoming Wednesday as "  Chick-fil-A Appreciation Day . " This is what the forefathers had in mind when they composed the Constitution : liberals making out during lunch and conservatives stuffing their face with chikin in the name of Jesus . God , I love this country . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : I was a Chick-fil-A fan until I heard of its stance on gay rights He says the Constitution does n't allow mayors to ban Chick-fil-A based on its president 's views The Constitution does permit people to peacefully protest , he says
CNN  -- Why do UFOs always land in the USA , wondered someone in "  Monsters vs. Aliens " ? Good question . Sharlto Copley plays a bureaucrat forced into action in "  District 9 , " a film about extraterrestrials . But it 's not always the case , as Neill Blomkamp 's adventurous sci-fi movie , "  District 9 , " goes to show . Presented in the now-familiar fake-doc style -- at least until Blomkamp gets bored with its limitations when the action heats up -- "  District 9 " is an edgy little B movie with an injection of impressive big-money special effects courtesy of "  Lord of the Rings " director-producer Peter Jackson . The story 's origins are with the extraterrestrials ' arrival in the early '80s , when they park their spaceship a mile or so above Johannesburg , South Africa . The ship is vast -- almost the size of the city -- but when after three months there has been no contact from the visitors , no sign of life in any form , the authorities decide to break in . What they find is a wretched cargo of pale , starving creatures : tall bipeds with scaly skin and stubby insect-like tentacles around the mouth . The humans call them "  prawns , " and after establishing that the worst threat they pose is a cosmic PR disaster , they bring them down to earth and stick them in a refugee camp . That would be District 9 , a shantytown of makeshift wooden shacks , no electricity or running water , and scarcely enough space for the million or so newcomers . After a couple of decades of uneasy coexistence , even this set-up seems too cozy for the residents of Jo ` burg . With civil strife and black-market gangsters getting out hand , it is decided the prawns should be relocated to a new camp , somewhere out of harm 's way . International law being what it is , the South Africans are required to collect the signatures to indicate the prawns ' acquiescence . And that 's where mild-mannered bureaucrat Wikus Van De Merwe  Sharlto Copley  comes in -- with a delegation of trigger-happy private security guards . "  District 9 " is a truly global affair . The South African-born Blomkamp learned his trade in Canada , and found a mentor in New Zealand . But it 's the location that allows this allegory to resonate . Here in North America we may darkly imagine that interlopers not only mean us harm but that they have the wherewithal to back it up . In South Africa , though , the story takes on more complex , queasy echoes . The British effectively invented concentration camps here at the turn of the 19th century , and the Boers , the victims then , would mandate that native Africans were nothing but second-class citizens . Naturally the prawns come lower still down the pecking order . Blomkamp indulges in grisly , blackly comic satire worthy of Paul "  Starship Troopers " Verhoeven as our man Wikus  Sharito Copley  casually demonstrates the art of aborting alien offspring with the aid of a flamethrower , all for the edification of the viewers back home . Complacent and overconfident in front of the cameras , Wikus gets his comeuppance when he accidentally ingests an unidentified liquid substance , which incurs an alarming physical reaction . At this point , the movie changes tone , sometimes for better , sometimes not . "  District 9 " also begs plenty of questions ; not much of it makes sense if you stop to think about it . And Blomkamp seriously overplays his hand in the long , thoroughly conventional climactic shoot - 'em - up . What should have been a taut 90-minute nightmare flick -- a classic midnight movie -- has somehow pumped up into a 112-minute approximation of a Hollywood action blockbuster . Still , "  District 9 " has plenty of material to chew on . Expanded from a six-minute short , it 's a brashly confident debut , full of sharp , inventive detail  the prawns are crazy for cat food  and rooted in a couple of Big Ideas . Well worth the time , if not all of it . "  District 9 " runs 112 minutes and is rated R. For Entertainment Weekly 's review , click here .	"  District 9 " is a winning debut , says CNN.com 's Tom Charity Film is about extraterrestrials who emerge over Johannesburg Eventually , they 're to be moved to a camp , and then the action starts
CNN  -- Champions Spain began the defense of their World Cup title with a hard fought 1-0 win against Georgia in Tbilisi on Tuesday . Playing their first qualifier in Group I , the 2010 World Cup winners had to wait until the 86th minute before striker Roberto Soldado finally broke down a stubborn Georgian side . For much of the game , the home team , who hit the post early in the second half , defended with 10 men behind the ball against a side who retained their European Championship crown in July . Goalkeeper Giorgi Loria had proved an immovable barrier but after he was replaced due to injury late in the second half , substitute Cesc Fabregas teed up Soldado to sweep home . The win maintains Spain 's two-year unbeaten run in competitive matches , which stretches back to their 1-0 loss against Switzerland in their opening game at the 2010 World Cup in South Africa . Spain are second in their group , three points behind 1998 champions France , who won their second match in four days when overcoming a second-half wobble to beat Belarus 3-1 in Paris , with goals from Etienne Capoue , Christophe Jallet and Franck Ribery . In London , England suffered a scare when trailing Ukraine for long periods before Frank Lampard scored a late penalty to earn a 1-1 draw , after Yevgen Konoplianka had curled home in the first half . England captain Steven Gerrard was sent off for a second yellow card shortly after Lampard 's penalty , as a first competitive game at Wembley for coach Roy Hodgson lacked the feelgood factor that has accompanied local sportsmen in London in recent weeks during the Olympics and Paralympics . Hodgson 's predecessor Fabio Capello enjoyed a more fruitful evening as his new Russian side won 4-0 in Israel while their next opponents -- and main Group F rivals Portugal -- needed late goals from Helder Postiga and Bruno Alves to add gloss to a labored 3-0 win over Azerbaijan in Braga . Italy , the runners-up at this year 's Euro 2012 , were another leading nation who struggled to overcome less fancied opponents , as a stoppage-time own goal helped the four time world champions to a 2-0 win over islanders Malta . One of Tuesday 's more intriguing games took place in Lucerne , where hosts Switzerland beat Albania 2-0 to go top of Group E. Build-up to the game had been dominated by the issue of players with Kosovan heritage , with six starting the match for Albania and three more for Switzerland -- midfield trio Granit Xhaka , Valon Behrami and Swiss star Xherdan Shaqiri . Born to ethnic Albanian parents from Kosovo , Shaqiri was constantly booed by the sizable away support until the Bayern Munich player silenced them when opening the scoring after 23 minutes . Elsewhere , big guns Germany maintained their 100 % start in Group C when beating Austria 2-1 in Vienna , while Serbia stunned Group A rivals Wales with a 6-1 win in Novi Sad but the night 's biggest winners were Montenegro , who won 6-0 in San Marino .	Spain win 1-0 in Georgia thanks to 86th minute strike from Roberto Soldado England are held 1-1 at Wembley by Ukraine as captain Steven Gerrard is sent off France , Portugal and Italy make hard work of beating Belarus , Azerbaijan and Malta
CNN  -- It 's cocoa season across the southern half of the Ivory Coast . The pods are ripe for picking , some turning from green to yellow , like bananas . Except these trees are unlike anything I 've seen before ; a quirk of evolution , they would look at home in C.S. Lewis ' Narnia or Tolkien 's Middle-earth : their precious cargo grows not from the branches , but straight out of the tree trunk . It 's October , a critical time of year for the poorest rural communities who sell cocoa beans -- and for chocolate lovers too , since this small equatorial country in West Africa produces more than one third of the world 's cocoa . Across the Ivory Coast , cocoa is grown on family plantations , each typically only a few hectares . The small parcels of land are handed down through the generations , each son struggling to make ends meet , just like his father before him . Jean inherited two hectares of land when his father died seven years ago . He was just 11 years old at the time . Still only 18 , he has acquired the appearance of a man resigned to a hard life , looking like he barely has two beans to rub together . But beans are the one thing he does have -- a sack full of them , tied precariously to the back of his rusty bicycle . With global demand for cocoa easily outstripping supply , Jean 's beans are increasingly valuable to the big-name chocolate companies , but taking into account inflation , their monetary value has fallen in recent decades . "  It 's tough , " Jean tells us . "  I am brave , but I need help too , " he says , admitting that he struggles to make ends meet . Jean is right at the bottom of a multi-layered global supply chain which sees cocoa transformed from bean to bar , and as such , the fundamental cocoa-nomics are firmly against him . Traders , processors , exporters and manufacturers all demand their margin , and for everyone to make a profit , the system dictates that Jean -- who has little or no bargaining power -- receives the bare minimum for his bag of beans . In a country where cocoa directly supports about 3.5 million people , the annual GDP per capita is not much above $ 1,000 . Read more : Cocoa-nomics explained - infographic Cocoa pods are prized open using machetes -- the basic tool of the bush . It 's low tech , hazardous and labor-intensive . And unfortunately , in this part of the world , many little hands make work that is not light . The issue of child labor has blighted the chocolate industry for decades ; and despite coming to global attention over the past 10 years , it 's a problem that wo n't go away . Systemic and deeply ingrained in the culture , its roots are found in the grinding poverty afflicting rural communities : farmers who ca n't afford to pay adult workers use children instead . The tiny village of Zibouyaokro has put on a big welcome for chocolate 's "  royalty " : A team from Nestlé , the world 's largest food company , is paying a visit to one of the 23 schools funded by the company 's sustainability program . Stopping child labor and increasing access to education is seen as the best long-term approach to bring prosperity to these villages . José Lopez , Nestlé 's head of global operations , says the firm aims to "  improv -LSB- e -RSB- the living standards of those communities that produce cocoa and in doing so , we will create a sustainable source of supply for an industry that is growing and will continue to grow . " Cocoa industry critics have long argued that companies like Nestlé have failed in their responsibility to improve the lives of the farmers who grow their cocoa . Antonie Fountain of the Voice Network suggests that companies are at last grappling with the issues -- even if driven by self-interest . "  When you hear a company talks about sustainability , what they 're actually talking about is the sustainability of them being able to continue to buy cocoa in the future , " he says . But he admits that some progress has been made . "  The impression I have is that the current steps being taken are actually more significant than what we have seen in the past " . François Ekra owns a seven-hectare plantation in the town of Gagnoa . He is also president of his local farming co-operative , which produces about 1,200 tonnes of cocoa beans a year . François paints a worrying picture for the future of the chocolate industry : The price of cocoa fixed by the government is too low ; the trees are old and diseased ; co-operatives like his ca n't get finance to invest for the future . "  We put in too much effort for how much we 're compensated , " he tells CNN . "  So little by little , if rubber is better paid we 'll drop cocoa because -LSB- we -RSB- cocoa farmers work for nothing . " He knows farmers who are turning their backs on cocoa altogether : Where cocoa trees once stood , rubber plantations are now springing up -- they are more lucrative and productive all year round . And as in many African nations , rural communities are moving away from their roots , seeking a better life by joining the mass influx to the capital Abidjan . Ultimately a famer 's beans are bought by traders or middlemen working for the industrial processors and exporters . American food giant Cargill buys 20 % of all cocoa beans grown in the Ivory Coast , exporting them raw or grinding them into cocoa liquor , butter or powder -- products which are then sold on to manufacturers to make chocolate . It is at this stage of the process where the cocoa bean gets its added value , but of course by now the farmers have already dropped out of the chain , so they do n't get a share . In villages like Kouadio-Yaokro , the stark poverty on display is a bleak reminder of the disassociation between the chocolate bar we consume and the farmers who grow cocoa . Two hundred locals gathered to tell us about their lives , so dependent on the revenue of cocoa . Nobody from a chocolate company had ever come here . And perhaps most extraordinary of all , not one villager had ever tasted chocolate . Most did n't even know what it was , until we showed them . A village elder was chosen to take a bite of a KitKat  one of the most popular chocolate bars in the world ; its manufacturer Nestle says 150 are eaten every second  . His face contorted at the sweetness -- and perhaps at the realisation that this is what his life 's toil is all about . Cocoa-nomics explained : Unwrapping the cocoa industry Cocoa-nomics : Why chocolate really does n't grow on trees Read more : CNN Freedom Project CNN 's Bryony Jones contributed to this article .	CNN 's Freedom Project returned to Africa 's cocoa plantations to look for progress in fight against child labor Ivory Coast produces more than one third of all the world 's cocoa , but many farmers live in poverty The cocoa industry supports about 3.5 million people in the West African nation Growers ' position at the bottom of the cocoa value chain means they see just a tiny proportion of the cost of a chocolate bar
Los Angeles  CNN  -- "  The King 's Speech " story knocked around in David Seidler 's head for half a century before he finished writing the screenplay for the film , which is now nominated for a dozen Academy Awards . Any sooner and it might have been "  a fairly reasonable script , " but not likely good enough to earn an Oscar nomination for best original screenplay , Seidler said . It demanded "  a more mature writer . " "  I do n't think it would have been the same , " he said , as he sipped hot tea in the Beverly Hills Hotel 's Polo Lounge . During lunch , Seidler opened a large envelope holding an original photograph of King George VI sitting with President Franklin Roosevelt . The photo , a gift from collector Keya Morgan , was taken in June 1939 , just three months before he delivered the dramatic radio address that is the climax of his movie . "  He 's trying to look relaxed , but it 's not relaxed at all , " Seidler said , pointing to the king 's crossed hands . He noticed Roosevelt 's legs were not covered with a blanket , as was the usual pose . "  You can see the braces , " he said . "  That 's just about the only photograph I 've ever seen of him without the blanket . That 's very unusual . " Seidler spoke about the similarity between Roosevelt 's paralyzed legs , a public secret , and King George VI 's speech impediment , which was "  swept under the royal carpet . " "  Not much is written about it , because the royal stutterer is a source of embarrassment , " Seidler said . "  Stuttering was considered a speech defect and if you had a speech defect , you were , by definition , a defective person . " But the king was a royal inspiration to Seidler , who himself began stuttering as a child while sailing from his native England to the United States to escape the German bombing . Seidler , now 73 , was a college student when he first decided to write about how King George VI overcame his stutter to lead Britain through World War II with inspiring radio addresses . Searching the pain of his own childhood gave Seidler the words he needed for "  The King 's Speech , " he said . But it was not something he could do until later in life , he said . "  This required going back into the pain and the loneliness and the isolation and frustration of being a stutterer , " Seidler said . "  And being a stutterer is rather like having a very bad toothache . When you 've got the toothache , all you 're thinking about is ` Wow , my tooth really hurts . ' All I can think about is that pain . As soon as you get to the dentist and the dentist fixes it , the last thing you want to remember is how that tooth ached . You just blank it out , the mind forgets it . " It took many years for Seidler to allow his mind to recall what it was like to be a stutterer , he said . "  But as a more mature writer , let me put it that way , when you start looking back on your life , it is easier to go back into the past and therefore , I was able to really put my head back into being a stutterer , which I would n't have been able to do otherwise , " he said . The long wait was not self-imposed , but was a royal request from Elizabeth , the queen mother . The king 's widow sent a letter granting her blessing to the effort if Seidler waited until after her death . "  The memory of these events is still too painful , " she wrote in 1982 . "  I knew what she meant , " Seidler said . "  It was her grief over the loss of her husband at a very early age ; he was in his early 50s when he died , because he had the stress of being the reluctant king , a position he was n't trained for , was n't suited for . And she just did n't want to be reminded of what had happened . " As a good British subject , he waited . "  I did n't think I had that much longer to wait , " he said . "  She was a very old lady at the time . I thought a couple years , three or four at the most . " She lived for two more decades , dying in 2002 at the age of 101 . Her long life may give the 73-year-old Seidler the distinction of being the oldest writer to win an Oscar for an original screenplay .	David Seidler drew upon his childhood pain as a stutterer to write the screenplay He waited decades to write the story at the request of the royal widow , Seidler says The story would n't have been good enough for an Oscar nomination if he wrote it sooner , he says
CNN  There may be plenty of idiots on the road , but is putting them in the skies taking it , quite literally , to the next dimension ? For Dr. Heinrich H. Bülthoff -- one of the leading researchers on the ` MyCopter ' project -- it 's a serious question . Making an idiot-proof flying car that anyone can pilot has involved years of painstaking research and may be the secret to the long-held dream of firing up the rotors , levitating and simply flying out of the bumper-to-bumper grind . Now the European Union wants to make the dream a reality , researching the feasibility of small commuter air vehicles to ease the world 's traffic congestion . "  It 's been a dream of mine since I read it in science fiction books and in the movies as a kid , but science fiction is becoming the reality these days , " says Dr. Bülthoff , director of perception , cognition and action at the Max Planck Institute in Tübingen , Germany . Under the four-year project , the EU has drawn together six institutes from across Europe to look at the problems associated with commuting in personal aviation vehicles  PAVs  . At the center of the research is a focus , not so much on building the vehicle , but on all the issues and challenges surrounding commuter aviation . In the case of his institute , it 's how to make the machine accessible to ordinary drivers . A flying car for everybody "  There 's no intention with this project to actually build the system , " explains Dr.Bülthoff whose research is part of a 2007 EU report called "  Out of the Box : Ideas About the Future of Air Transport " . "  They said to us ` please , not another proposal for a flying vehicle ' - we have received so many - there are so many other issues to address , " he said . These challenges involve setting up "  virtual corridor " traffic systems in the sky that guide PAVs under existing aircraft , using advances in swarm technology to stop them crashing into each other and working on landing systems that do not involve air traffic controllers . "  If you want to make a flying car it should be for everybody , but you ca n't make every car driver into a pilot , " he said . "  The idea is to fly in uncontrolled airspace without interfering with all the other aircraft . " He said the plan is to make the flying vehicles so intelligent , they communicate with each other and avoid collisions without any human input . Keeping it simple His institute , in particular , is focused on the problems of the human-machine interface : creating a design that reduces the withering array of dials and monitors in a helicopter or plane into a few simple controls on a dashboard . Keeping the simple steering wheel on a flying vehicle -- where controls must make adjustments for traveling through three rather than two dimensions -- has been just one of the challenges of the project . "  For more than 100 years cars have used the steering wheel . It was a good idea for cars , but if you make the transition to the air why should a driver learn something completely new ? " he said . Pilotless planes The aircraft would be largely autonomous and would , for the most part , need no piloting at all . Flying through "  highways in the sky " - flight paths designed to host swarms of PAVs flying in formation - the PAVs would avoid obstacles and select landing spots autonomously by using intelligent sight sensors . The controls would be shared between the pilot and the machine allowing for what researchers call "  comprehensive situational awareness . " So-called "  haptic " controls that put a feeling of resistance in the steering wheel would allow drivers to know when they were edging towards the confines of the "  highway in the sky " . Other aspects of the study have looked at the social impact of PAVs as the commuter vehicle of the future . "  Many people might ask whether we really want thousands of these things buzzing around in the sky , " Dr Bülthoff said . Researchers have been looking at ways of constructing PAV flight paths above existing freeways and roads to minimize the environmental impact , keeping the flight ceiling at 50 meters to avoid commercial aircraft . While flying time is relatively short due to the constraints of battery life using current technology , researchers on the project had found that 90 percent of commuter trips were shorter than 25 km  15 miles  and averaged about 30 minutes with peak hour delays of about 15 minutes , making a PAV perfect for short hop journeys from work to home . Google holds open the door Dr Bülthoff said recent advances , and social acceptance of , Google 's driverless car had given real hope to researchers on the project . "  That really makes me very optimistic , " he said . "  The car industry has been producing the same basic model of automobile for more than 100 years . Google is doing something that is making the car industry wake up . I would never have expected that several states in the United States have legalized autonomous driving , for example . " "  Even so , there are many issues still to be examined . Legally , for instance , if there 's no driver we do n't know who 's responsible in case of a crash . These questions still need to be answered . " While the driverless car is now a reality , he says it might be some time yet before anyone can walk into a dealership and buy a personal aviation vehicle . "  The timescale is to have them available by 2050 , " says Dr Bülthoff . "  But I am not likely to be around in 2050 , so I 'm quietly optimistic that we will have one before that . " Read more from Tomorrow Transformed : Can this one-wheeled wonder change the way you commute to work ? Will people still be useful in the 21st century ? The "  green man " in your traffic lights just got new super powers	EU research project is looking at feasibility of small commuter air vehicles Called ` MyCopter ' , it aims to consider all the issues surrounding personal aviation vehicles Challenges include air traffic systems , crash avoidance technology and accessibility The project hopes to have a commuter air vehicle commercially available by 2050
CNN  -- A ninth woman is accusing San Diego Mayor Bob Filner of sexual harassment . Emily Gilbert told CNN Friday that she was hired to sing at a fundraising event in December . Afterward , she said , the mayor grabbed her , slid his hand down the small of her back and gave her "  tush a pat . " She said Filner had pulled her away and told his female assistant to give him and Gilbert a moment alone . He then asked her : "  Oh , Marilyn , can I get your card ? " she recalled to CNN . Gilbert bears a passing resemblance to Marilyn Monroe , but she hastened to add she was not performing as a Monroe impersonator . She said that he touched her , Filner told the singer , "  I hope to see you again , Marilyn . " Gilbert told CNN that her husband was upset but felt powerless because Filner was the mayor . CNN has made multiple efforts to contact Filner and his representatives on the latest allegations but has not gotten a response . The 70-year-old , dogged for weeks by sexual harassment allegations , served five terms in Congress before being elected mayor in 2012 . Earlier this summer , when the allegations first began , Filner acknowledged "  I need help , " and added , "  I 'm clearly doing something wrong . " "  I am embarrassed to admit that I have failed to fully respect the women who work for me and with me , and that at times I have intimidated them . It 's a good thing that behavior that would have been tolerated in the past is being called out in this generation for what it is : inappropriate and wrong , " he said in a statement issued July 11 . Read the full statement But Filner has also said he believes he will be vindicated by "  a full presentation of the facts " and he will not resign . In late July , Filner said he planned to enter "  a behavior counseling clinic " for two weeks of intensive therapy starting August 5 . In a statement given at City Hall , he apologized "  to the women I have offended . " "  The behavior I have engaged in over many years is wrong . My failure to respect women and the intimidating conduct I engaged in at times is inexcusable , " he said . Before Gilbert , Filner 's former spokeswoman , Irene McCormack Jackson , and seven other women accused Filner of sexual harassment . Jackson has filed a sexual harassment suit against Filner . Read more : Mayor sued , called unfit for office He asked the city to pay for his legal fees ; the city council voted against that . Jackson said Filner subjected her and other women to "  crude and disgusting " comments and inappropriate touching . She said she resigned as Filner 's communications director in June after deciding the mayor would not change his behavior . None of the other women leveling claims of sexual harassment against Filner came forward until Jackson filed her suit in state court . Read more : Who are the women ? One of the women is a nonprofit group founder who said she was lobbying Filner for her organization , which works with military and other families hurt by domestic violence . Morgan Rose met with Filner in 2009 at a Marie Callender 's Restaurant & Bakery across the street from Filner 's congressional office in Chula Vista , California , she told CNN . Filner allegedly looked her up and down , stared into her eyes and said , "  Your eyes have bewitched me , " Rose said . Filner allegedly then made a remark along the lines of , according to Rose 's paraphrasing , "  You 'll have to excuse me for what 's about to happen . It 's your fault . " Filner then moved to her side of the booth , sat beside her , pinned her to the wall , and put his arm around her , Rose alleged . Rose avoided the advances , and Filner was suddenly interrupted by his ringing cell phone , Rose said . Filner got up from the booth , gathered his materials and left the restaurant , Rose said . Rose spoke of the incident to her closest friends and did n't pursue the matter because she feared her nonprofit might somehow suffer , she told CNN . But when Rose said that when she heard of similar accusations against Filner in recent weeks , she called a victim 's hotline at the sheriff 's department and spoke with a captain . Another woman , political consultant Laura Fink , has accused the mayor of patting what she described as her "  posterior " at a fundraising event in 2005 . At the time , Fink was working as the deputy manager of Filner 's congressional campaign . Fink told CNN that she thinks Filner should resign . Sharon Bernie-Cloward , president of the San Diego Port Tenants Association , claims that when Filner was running for mayor in 2012 , he approached her at a political event , according to San Diego 's public television station . "  He touched me , actually groped me on my backside inappropriately , " Bernie-Cloward told KPBS . "  I was left there startled and fearful . In fact , I actually had someone walk me to my car that night . " Patti Roscoe , a prominent businesswoman in San Diego 's tourism and hospitality industry , told KPBS that on numerous occasions , Filner "  put in me what I guess now is the famous headlock . " "  I felt fearful , even as well as I knew him , because it was an invasion into my space , " Roscoe told the station . "  And he would come in and try to kiss me on the lips and I 'd have to squirm to get away . And just as recently as a few months ago this happened . I turned and he just slobbered down my chin . "  And I was so violated and so offended . It 's just such a terrible invasion . " Veronica "  Ronne " Froman , a retired Navy rear admiral and San Diego 's former chief operating officer , told KPBS said that she and Filner , then a congressman , met a few years ago at his office after everyone had left . "  He stopped me and he got very close to me . And he ran his finger up my cheek like this and he whispered to me , ` Do you have a man in your life ? ' " Froman said . "  I jumped back . I was very , very startled . And I said , ` Yes , I have a man in my life . ' "  And he said , ` who ? ' And I said , ` Linden Blue . ' He says , ` Oh , of the Blues Brothers ? ' And he says , ` Maybe we can get together sometime and have lunch and he can support me for mayor . ' "  I was really rattled . I got in the car with the two guys I was working with and I told them never to leave me alone in a room with Bob Filner again . " Joyce Gattas , a dean at San Diego State University , told KPBS that she had several "  interactions " with Filner "  where he 's held me too tight , a kiss on the cheek which is inappropriate , hands on the knee that last too long . " The eighth woman to accuse the mayor was Lisa Curtin , who is director of government and military education at San Diego City College , according to KPBS . She said that he grabbed her hand , fingered her wedding ring and asked if it was real . She also said he tried to kiss her ; she moved her head and she felt his tongue on her cheek .	Emily Gilbert tells CNN that the mayor gave her "  tush a pat " at a fundraising event Singer who resembles Marilyn Monroe says mayor asked : "  Marilyn , can I get your card ? " Filner has refused to resign ; he says he will enter a behavior counseling clinic
CNN  -- Frigid weather that gripped much of the United States created a crisis in northwest Nevada , where rescue teams have been searching a mountainous area for two adults and four children . James Glanton , 34 , and Christina MacIntee , 25 , are missing , along with a 10-year-old , two 4-year-olds and a 3-year-old , the Pershing County Sheriff 's Office said . The six set out Sunday for Seven Troughs mountain range and have n't been seen since . Fears for their safety grew as the temperature was expected to hit 6 below zero Tuesday night . Amanda Fitzpatrick , mother of the 10-year-old , Shelby Fitzpatrick , told CNN 's Piers Morgan in a telephone interview that she 'd joined the search . Rescue teams have tried to stay positive , she said . "  It 's been extremely hard , probably the hardest 24 to 36 hours of my life , " she said . "  It 's my baby girl . " The relationship between the two adults and the other children was unclear . At least 15 people have died because of the weather , mostly in traffic accidents . Eight died in Oklahoma alone , including a 6-year-old who fell through ice on a creek in Tulsa and men who died in house fires in Westville and Tulsa , the state Department of Emergency Management reported on Monday . Temperatures across the country are expected to stay very low , usually 10 to 20 degrees below normal , for the rest of the week in regions struggling after days of wintry weather , according to the National Weather Service . Dallas is still trying to shake off the effects of a weekend ice storm and had about 20,000 customers without power on Monday , according to power company Oncor . Anchorage , Alaska , has been warmer than St. Louis and Denver . "  It 's very unusual , " CNN meteorologist Dave Hennen said . "  This literally spreads across the entire U.S. , and we 're 12 days from the official start of winter . " Even if snow leaves , the cold will remain . More sleet , snow and freezing rain will smack Washington on Tuesday morning . The storm will move off the East Coast in the afternoon and night , the National Weather Service said , but the mercury wo n't rise above freezing until Friday . The forecast is about the same for Philadelphia and New York City , though those cities wo n't see temperatures above 32 until days later . Portland , Oregon , should have more snow and freezing rain this week ; Chicago , too . The nation 's airports appear to be getting back to normal . The website Flightaware.com says only 304 flights have been canceled for Tuesday , up from 1,700 on Monday and 2,600 on Sunday . Florida is pretty much the only place in the country to escape the cold , with Punta Gorda , a town on the Gulf Coast , reporting Sunday 's national high temperature of 87 degrees . Mimi Huddleston , a bartender at Harpoon Harry 's , has a message for the rest the country , and to her credit , it 's not "  nyah nyah . " "  We live in paradise , " she said Monday . "  Snowbirds " from the North who come in for a drink are always talking about the weather back home . "  They say it 's too cold for them and they like it here . " The country 's coldest spot on Monday was Daniel , a community of about 150 people in western Wyoming . It registered 29 degrees . Rachel Grimes of the Sublette County Chamber of Commerce said people are busy "  recreating " on skis and snowmobiles . "  We normally do n't get cold weather like this until after the holidays , " she said . "  The wind is blowing today , so it feels colder . " Tuesday 's storm in the East could drop up to 5 inches of snow in Virginia before moving out to sea , the National Weather Service said . Much of the Plains and Rocky Mountains will stay very cold through Wednesday , with the lowest temperatures probably found in the higher elevations of the Great Basin eastward through the Dakotas and into Minnesota . Travel will remain hazardous in spots . In Arizona , a Saturday night snowstorm stranded 300 vehicles along Interstate 15 . Rigs jackknifed and passenger cars slid into rigs , causing chain-reaction crashes and an enormous backup , Arizona Department of Public Safety Officer Bart Graves said . Authorities shut the interstate for more than 12 hours to clear it . "  We had travelers running out of gas . They provided them food , water and blankets , " Graves said . Some residents in the Dallas suburb of Plano had to deal with an unusual danger : sheets of ice cascading from buildings to the sidewalks and streets . "  The apocalypse has started , " one man said shortly before layers of ice fell onto cars . Late Sunday night in New York , there was a 20-car pileup on the Bronx River Parkway . Forty people were injured , none seriously , authorities said . Along Interstate 95 outside Stamford , Connecticut , Paul Lee captured frightening video of cars sliding and spinning across ice . Freezing rain is expected to fall from central Virginia to southeast New York on Monday . Some parts could see up to a quarter-inch of ice . CNN 's Indra Petersons , Judson Jones , Ed Lavandera , Dave Alsup and Emily Minner contributed to this report .	NEW : Expected low of 6 below zero worries mother of missing 10-year-old : "  It 's my baby girl " More sleet , snow will hit Washington on Tuesday Below-average temperatures predicted for days While rest of nation shivers , Florida stays warm
CNN  -- A number of high profile sporting events across Japan have been called off as the country continues to come to terms with the devastation caused by Friday 's earthquake and tsunami . Following the 8.9 magnitude quake , it was confirmed on Monday that the World Figure Skating Championships , due to take place in Tokyo between March 21-27 , have been postponed . The Japanese Football Association  JFA  announced that there will no matches in the J-League for the rest of the month , and said the domestic season would instead continue into July . The sport 's governing body in Japan also said that they would make a final decision over whether to reschedule the upcoming friendly fixtures against Montenegro on March 25 and New Zealand on March 29 later this week . The JFA had originally said it wanted to go ahead with the matches claiming it was more important than ever to do so for the country . However , as the death toll rose to almost 2,000 and aftershocks continued across the country , the president of the International Skating Union  ISU  Ottavio Cinquanta said it would not be possible to hold their annual competition in Japan . "  Taking into account the continued critical developments in Japan , the staging of the championships is not possible , " he said in a statement . "  The ISU 's primary concern is for the safety of all participants and spectators . " Cinquanta added that the organization had not yet decided whether the event would be held at a later date elsewhere or canceled all together . But he but did confirm that Team Trophy in Figure Skating scheduled to be held in Yokohama on April 14-17 had also been called off . Sporting events over the weekend were also been disrupted as the country continued its lengthy search and rescue , and clean-up operations . Sunday 's Nagoya International women 's marathon did not go ahead , nor did any baseball games , and a LPGA women 's golf event in Kochi , which had started on Thursday , was abandoned .	Sporting fixtures are cancelled across Japan following earthquake and tsunami World Figure Skating Championships scheduled in Tokyo this month are postponed All J-League football matches are called off for the rest of the month Japanese Football Association may cancel international friendlies
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's mother and his three children receive an allowance totaling more than $ 86,000 a month , according to court documents released Thursday . Michael Jackson 's estate provides $ 86,000 a month for Katherine Jackson and her grandchildren . The money given them by the Michael Jackson estate is in addition to the maintenance of the home -- which is owned by the estate -- in Encino , California , where Katherine Jackson lives with her grandchildren , the papers said . The Los Angeles County judge overseeing the probate of Jackson 's will ordered that the petitions for their monthly allowance be made public -- although with some details removed . Those papers were released Thursday . Katherine Jackson was granted custody of her son 's three children soon after Jackson 's June 25 death . She and the children were named beneficiaries , along with unnamed charities , in Jackson 's 2002 will . Control of the estate 's assets , however , was given to lawyer John Branca and John McClain , a former music industry executive . Jackson named them as trustees in his will . The petitions filed by Branca and McClain in July , and later approved by Judge Mitchell Beckloff , outlined $ 26,804 in monthly expenses for Katherine Jackson . The largest amount from that , $ 4,722 , pays for an assistant for her . Another $ 3,500 each month is budgeted for clothing for Katherine Jackson , who is 79 years old . She 's also given $ 2,000 each for a housekeeper and driver . She has a $ 1,500 entertainment allowance each month , the documents said . The details of the children 's budget are mostly blacked out at their lawyer 's request . Margaret Lodise told the judge there was concern someone could use the financial information to pose as one of the children online . She told CNN the family was aware of people posing as Jackson children with Twitter accounts . The documents did reveal the three children get a combined $ 60,000 a month from their father 's estate . They pay $ 14,600 a month for salaries and payroll taxes for people who take care of them , according to the petition . Michael Jackson 's children get $ 13,260 each month for entertainment and related expenses , the papers said . The petition estimated Michael Jackson 's estate is worth at least $ 500 million and is growing . Major deals have been reached in the past month that are expected to add tens of millions of dollars to the estate , including a movie and music deal with Sony .	Money from Jackson estate is in addition to the maintenance of the home L.A. County judge ordered petitions for their monthly allowance be made public Petitions approved by Judge Mitchell Beckloff , outline $ 26,804 per month for mom $ 13,260 for each child 's monthly "  entertainment and related expenses "
The State Department responded to a congressional subpoena on Friday for information relating to the Obama administration 's response to the deadly terror attack on the U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi , Libya , last year . The agency sent the House Oversight Committee 97 pages of documents , but said many had already been shared with the panel chaired by California Republican Rep. Darrell Issa and released publicly . "  We will supplement this response if we identify additional responsive documents , " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said in a statement disclosing that the agency had replied to the subpoena . The Oversight panel has not been satisfied with explanations so far about how the Obama administration arrived at "  talking points " initially drafted by the CIA that were developed to explain events around the attack last September 11 that killed Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans . A request from Congress prompted drafting of the "  talking points . " They have become a political flashpoint in a long-running battle between the administration and Republicans , who accuse it of not bolstering security before the attack , of botching the response to it and of misleading the public for political gain less than two months before the November election . The GOP suggests the administration removed specific terror references and stuck to an explanation advanced by U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice in television appearances -- later proved untrue -- that the attack was the result of a spontaneous demonstration over an anti-Muslim film that was produced in the United States . The White House and its allies in Congress have said any confusion and conflicting information in the early hours and days after the assault stemmed from the "  fog of war , " not any deliberate effort to mislead the public . The Oversight subpoena sought documents and communications from 10 current and former State Department officials that refer or relate to the "  talking points . " Psaki said the State Department spent "  countless additional hours re-reviewing " information and provided the panel with documents "  that we have identified in searching for records up to the time of Ambassador Rice 's television appearance . " She said the State Department since December has "  demonstrated an unprecedented degree of cooperation with Congress " on the Benghazi issue by taking part in eight hearings and participating in 35 briefings for lawmakers and staff . "  We have accommodated previous requests for information from the House Oversight Committee by providing 25,000 pages of documents for their review , " she said .	State Department turns over documents to House panel that demanded information Committee looking at CIA-drafted "  talking points " explaining administration 's response to attack State Department says it already has provided a large number of documents to committee
CNN  -- Romanian authorities have arrested three men suspected in last year 's heist in the Netherlands at a Rotterdam art gallery , where paintings ranging from artists like Pablo Picasso to Claude Monet were on display . Police said the paintings taken had not been recovered but indicated that some of the works might be hidden in an undisclosed location in Romania . Read more : Picasso , Matisse paintings and more stolen from Netherlands museum Seven works of "  considerable value " disappeared in the museum theft , spokeswoman Mariette Maaskant said on Netherlands public radio . "  Initial investigations show the burglar was well prepared , " police said in a statement . Among the paintings taken were Picasso 's "  Tete d'Arlequin , " Henri Matisse 's "  La Liseuse en Blanc et Jaune , " and Monet 's "  Waterloo Bridge , London " and "  Charing Cross Bridge , London , " Rotterdam police said . Also taken were Paul Gauguin 's "  Femme devant une fenÃªtre ouverte , dite la Fiancee , " Meyer de Haan 's "  Autoportrait " and Lucian Freud 's "  Woman with Eyes Closed . " The Kunsthal museum 's alarm system went off shortly after 3 a.m. local time on a mid-October morning , alerting the exhibition hall 's private security detail . When security staffers arrived by car , they saw that the paintings were missing , Rotterdam police spokesman Roland Ekkers said . The works belong to a private collection that is being shown for the first time to the public , according to a Kunsthal statement . The Triton Collection has taken 20 years to assemble and includes more than 150 works of modern art from the "  late nineteenth century to the present day . " It spans art movements from impressionism and expressionism to cubism and constructivism .	Police say the paintings are not yet recovered They indicated some might be hidden in an undisclosed location in Romania Seven works of "  considerable value " disappeared in the museum theft
CNN  -- Real Madrid have completed the signing of highly-rated young defender Raphael Varane from French side Lens for a fee in the region of $ 14 million . Varane played 23 matches for Lens last season , and despite the club being relegated from Ligue 1 , he impressed with his displays . The 18-year-old , who was also attracting the attention of England champions Manchester United , has signed a six-year deal with the Spanish giants . Lens president Gervais Martel told reporters that Varane would have left the club , regardless of whether they escaped relegation . "  Even if Lens had stayed in Ligue 1 , Raphael Varane would have left because he is a phenomenon , " said Martel . "  He is going to play for Real Madrid under the leadership of Jose Mourinho who he has already met , and he has also met club advisor Zinedine Zidane . "  Raphael is an exceptional boy . I am proud that he is going to don the Real colors -- he has been pursued by Real for the past two months . " In other transfer news , France international winger Dimitri Payet completed his $ 14m transfer from St Etienne to Lille on Tuesday , The 24-year-old , who scored 13 goals for St Etienne last season , has signed a four-year deal with the French champions . Meanwhile , in England , Premier League side Sunderland look set to spend some of the money they received from Liverpool for England midfielder Jordan Henderson , agreeing a combined fee of $ 24 million with Championship sides Ipswich and Birmingham for striker Connor Wickham and midfielder Craig Gardner .	Real Madrid have signed defender Raphael Varane from Lens for a fee of $ 14m The 18-year-old has signed a six-year contract with the Spanish giants Varane impressed for Lens last season despite their relegation from Ligue 1
CNN  -- Our CNN Fit Nation "  6-Pack " was at the National Training Center in Clermont , Florida , this week for a halfway training trip . What 's a "  6-Pack " ? Glad you asked . In January , six CNN viewers were selected to race the 2013 Nautica Malibu Triathlon on September 8 alongside CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta . Tabitha McMahon , Rae Timme , Annette Miller , Douglas Mogle , Will Cleveland and Stacy Mantooth are learning how to swim , bike and run like real triathletes . They 've received equipment and training plans from coaches , and they 're sharing their ups and downs along the way . Check out their progress on our interactive . Take a look at this week 's intense activities through their eyes . If you are unable to see the Storify below , please click here . .	"  6-Pack " had swim strokes and running form analyzed at Florida training center Could you do a 28-mile bike ride ? The CNN Fit Nation team did The group also did its first open-water swim in the ocean in new wetsuits
CNN  -- In what he described as a candid and comprehensive conversation , Kofi Annan , the special United Nations envoy to Syria , laid out proposals Saturday to President Bashar al-Assad that were aimed at halting the relentless carnage . It was the first time since Syria 's long and bloody conflict that al-Assad met with such a high level diplomat . Even as the two men spoke , however , Syrian security forces continued to kill with impunity . At least 63 people were killed Saturday , according to the Local Coordination Committees  LCC  , a network of Syrian activists . Another group put the toll at 98 . Annan , a former U.N. secretary-general , spoke to al-Assad about a ceasefire , the release of detainees and allowing unfettered access to agencies like the Red Cross to deliver much needed aid , a U.N. statement said . Annan also proposed a start to an inclusive political dialogue that would "  address the legitimate aspirations and concerns of the people . " He was staying overnight in Damascus and will resume discussions Sunday with al-Assad . Annan also met Saturday with opposition leaders and young activists , as well as prominent members of the business community . Syrian state-run media said the meeting took place in a "  positive atmosphere . " It said Al-Assad told Annan that he was ready to find a solution but that such an effort would first require a look at reality on the ground and not relying on what "  is promoted by some regional and international countries to distort the facts and give a picture contrary to what Syria is undergoing . " He also reiterated that "  political dialogue or action can not take place or succeed if there are terrorist armed gangs on the ground that are working on spreading chaos and target the stability of the homeland , " the Syrian Arab News Agency  SANA  said . The Syrian regime has maintained throughout the uprising that armed thugs are responsible for causing the bloodshed . That violence claimed more lives Saturday in villages , towns and cities across the nation . Among the dead Saturday were 16 Free Syrian Army fighters who died in an ambush in Jisr al-Shagur , not far from the northern city of Idlib . Activist Abdel Aziz told CNN that Idlib was suffering the kind of heavy shelling the world had seen in the besieged city of Homs and 46 of the casualties Saturday were in Idlib . He estimated shelling every two minutes and that many residences and buildings had been damaged or destroyed . He also reported that security forces were searching house to house to arrest activists . "  The number of tanks is much greater than defectors , " Aziz said . "  This scenario is very similar to what happened in Homs . " Violent clashes between government forces and defected soldiers erupted in the town of Daraya , opposition activists said . And in the Daraa village of Jezah , "  the regime 's army is indiscriminately bombing the city with anti-aircraft missiles . The village is under siege in all directions , " said the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , a network of opposition activists . The group also reported heavy gunfire in Damascus neighborhoods and gunfire in Hama and Aleppo , where communications and electricity were curtailed . A demonstration in Latakia "  chanted for the disaster-stricken cities and demanded the regime 's ouster , " it said . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , another opposition group , said 98 people died , including 39 military defectors . Among 39 civilian casualties were 25 in Idlib , the group said . It also said 20 government troops , including a brigadier general in a Damascus suburb , were killed . CNN could not verify the casualty figures . Amid the fighting , Annan 's visit presented "  a small sign of hope , yet so dim , " said Abdel Aziz al-Khair , a member of the National Coordinating Body for Democratic Change . "  There is no way that we can have any dialogue with the regime until the security campaign ends , " said al-Khair , who met with Annan Saturday . "  They keep playing the victim role ,  saying  that they are defending the innocent civilians while they slaughter them and blame the bloodshed on others , " he said . Annan seemed extremely concerned about the humanitarian crisis in Syria and said he had received contradicting reports regarding the ongoing conflict , al-Khair said . Annan distanced himself from military intervention as did opposition members , agreeing that an armed conflict would only worsen the predicament of civilians , al-Khair said . Both Annan and opposition members agreed that plans for a resolution can not be implemented as long as the bloodshed continues . "  It is too early to apply a plan to resolve the crisis , " al-Khair said . "  The situation on the ground ... is catastrophic . " U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Susan Rice said Annan was trying to "  broker a swift transition in which ultimately Assad steps aside and the people of Syria are able to choose an interim government that 's representative and leads to elections . " Rice said she wants the situation to be resolved peacefully , "  to the extent that that remains still a viable outcome . " But time was running out for a diplomatic solution , said Haytham Manna of the opposition Coordinating Committee of Democratic Transition in Syria . "  We are getting to the point of no return , " said Manna , a Paris-based dissident . "  If we ca n't reach a political agreement today , we will head toward the abyss . ... The regime is pushing the country as a whole toward a full scale armed struggle between the very well organized military institution and our people . " Meanwhile in Cairo , Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov agreed with his Arab League counterparts on key issues regarding Syria . They called for an end to the violence ; independent monitoring ; unfettered aid delivery ; and support for Annan 's mission . But there was no getting around to the contentious nature of Lavrov 's presence at the Arab League meeting after Russia vetoed a key United Nations Security Council resolution condemning the Syrian regime . China also voted against the measure . Lavrov defended his nation 's ties to the region . "  We have always supported the rights of the Arab world for independence and free development , " Lavrov said . "  If you take the volume of economic ties with any of your countries then what we have , unfortunately , in trade and economy is in comparably low  er  than the volume of trade and economic ties with other outside partners . " Arab leaders called for intervention given the situation within Syria and held firm to their position that al-Assad must step down . Qatari Prime Minister Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim al-Thani said the Arab League supported Annan 's mission but it was also time to send in Arab and other international troops into Syria . The United Nations says more than 7,500 have died in the past year , and at least one activist group says more than 9,000 people have been killed . CNN can not independently confirm opposition or government reports of casualties or attacks from across Syria because the government has severely restricted the access of international journalists . But a vast majority of reports from inside Syria show a systematic slaughter in an attempt to silence dissidents . CNN 's Saad Abedine , Salma Abdelaziz , Hamdi Alkhshali , Ian Lee , Moni Basu and journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	At least 63 people , perhaps as many as 98 , were killed Saturday Annan proposed a ceasefire , release of detainees and aid delivery An activist reports heavy shelling of Idlib , in the vein of Homs If the talks fail , ` we will head toward the abyss , ' says one dissident
New York  CNN  -- They never got to run their race because of Superstorm Sandy , but ING New York City Marathon entrants can now at least recoup their entry fee , organizers of the marquee 26-mile test of human endurance said Thursday . Citing "  extraordinary circumstances , " the New York Road Runners organization is offering runners the option of getting a full refund of their entry fee . Entry fees for the canceled 2012 race varied from $ 216 for members of the New York Road Runners and $ 255 for non-members to $ 347 for runners from outside the United States . The refund offer exclude an $ 11 processing fee , race organizers said . Race organizers also offered two other options -- a guaranteed place in the always-crowded field for the New York Marathon one year during the next three years , or guaranteed entry into the NYC Half Marathon in March . But in those cases , runners would not get back their fees for this year 's race and they would have to pay fees for whichever future race they chose . Runners vented frustrations about the latter two options on the marathon 's Facebook page , complaining that they unfairly created a one-race-for-two-fees deal . Meanwhile , John Shostrom , captain of the Brooklyn Road Runners , told CNN the offers by marathon organizers gave runners "  a decent range of options to choose from . " The situation is "  really good for people who are leaning toward option one  refund of 2012 entry fee  . " Shostrom , a copy editor for Sports Illustrated , said Thursday . But the other two options make for "  an income maximizer for the Road Runners in terms of all those people who feel like they really have to do another race ... it 's a way of getting double payment for one actual race . " Whichever options runners choose , a considerable total amount of money is involved . For the 2011 New York City Marathon , more than 47,000 runners paid their fees and pounded the pavements on a 26.2-mile course that snaked through all five of the city 's boroughs . The 2012 marathon , scheduled for November 4 , was canceled for the first time in its history so as not to draw resources and attention away from the response to Superstorm Sandy , which had blasted the New York and New Jersey areas only days before . By the scheduled race day , many areas were still without electricity and thousands of people were in need of aid . Just as the cancellation marked a first for the marathon in its 42-year history , race organizers pointed out that the refund offer also was a first . "  We started with the premise that despite  organizers '  no-refund policy , we needed to be able to offer runners that choice . Beyond that , we wanted to make sure they had as full options to run again as possible , " Mary Wittenberg , president and CEO of New York Road Runners told CNN in an e-mail . Wittenberg said while race organizers would have liked to have offered waived entry fees for other events , "  we could n't do that protect our other races and running programs . " Runners have until January 25 to choose an option .	The New York City Marathon was canceled in the wake of Superstorm Sandy Race organizers say runners can now get refund for their entry fees Or runners can opt for guaranteed entry into an upcoming race
Washington  CNN  -- Ibrahim Hooper knows the drill . When news first broke Thursday that a shooting at Fort Hood , Texas , killed and injured U.S. soldiers , the national communications director for the Council on American-Islamic Relations wrote a statement of condemnation . He only sent it out later , when reports emerged that the alleged shooter 's name was Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan . "  As soon as we saw what appeared to be a Muslim name , we issued our statement , " Hooper said . "  Until that time , we were praying that no Muslim would be involved . " That 's the reality of crisis management for the Muslim-American community , said Hooper , who handles communications for the nation 's largest Muslim civil rights and advocacy group . Even without confirmation that the alleged gunman was Muslim -- there was no immediate determination of any religious affiliation for Hasan -- the mere reporting of a possible Muslim name required an immediate comment , he said . "  That 's unfortunately the world we live in nowadays , " Hooper said . "  So often , Muslims are accused of not condemning these kind of acts . " The CAIR statement said : "  No political or religious ideology could ever justify or excuse such wanton and indiscriminate violence . The attack was particularly heinous in that it targeted the all-volunteer Army that protects our nation . American Muslims stand with our fellow citizens in offering both prayers for the victims and sincere condolences to the families of those killed or injured . " In a separate statement , the Muslim Public Affairs Council , based in Los Angeles , California , condemned what it called the "  heinous incident . " "  We are in contact with law enforcement and U.S. federal government officials to gain more facts from this tragic incident and work together in dealing with its aftermath , " the group said . Its statement called on "  all members of American Muslim communities to be in contact with local law enforcement for the safety and security of their communities and their institutions . " The Islamic Information Center also issued a statement "  in conjunction with all the major Muslim organizations nationwide " that condemned the attack . "  While several news reports have cited one of the gunmen to be Army Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan , IIC strongly emphasizes that this attack and its perpetrator are in no way representative of the Muslim people or the peace-loving religion of Islam , " the statement said . "  The individuals who perpetrated this attack blatantly acted against the teachings of Islam and humanity , " it added . After the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on the United States , Muslim-Americans reported increased attacks and threats by revenge-minded non-Muslims . "  We 've seen this before , " Hooper said of a possible backlash . "  Whenever there 's an incident of this type , there 's always the possibility this will happen . " Even non-Muslims could be targeted , he said , noting that Sikhs who wear turbans or Hispanic-Americans can be mistaken as being of Middle Eastern descent . On Thursday night , CAIR Executive Director Nihad Awad told a news conference the alleged Fort Hood attacker 's motive remained unknown . "  We urge all Americans to remain calm in reaction to this tragic event and to demonstrate once again what is best about America -- our nation 's ability to remain unified even in times of crisis , " Awad said . "  We urge national political and religious leaders and media professionals to set a tone of calm and unity . "  Unfortunately , based on past experience , we also urge American Muslims , and those who may be perceived to be Muslim , to take appropriate precautions to protect themselves , their families and their religious institutions from possible backlash . "	Slain Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan accused in Fort Hood shootings His religion , if any , is n't known , but American Muslims condemn his actions "  American Muslims stand with our fellow citizens , " one group says Some fear backlash against Muslims and people who are thought to be Muslim
CNN  Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani said his office has received death threats since his controversial comments accusing President Barack Obama of not loving America . "  My secretary has received some death threats , " Giuliani said in a brief interview by phone . But the former mayor emphasized the majority of the voice mails left at his office were supportive of his remarks . Giuliani did not say whether he alerted police to the threatening calls . CNN can not confirm whether the threats were made . As for his initial remarks that ignited the firestorm , spoken at a private dinner for Wisconsin 's Republican Gov. Scott Walker , a potential 2016 presidential contender , Giuliani offered no apologies . "  I do n't regret making the statement . I believe it , " Giuliani said . "  I do n't know if he loves America , " he added . "  I do n't feel the same enthusiasm from him for America , " he continued during the interview . Giuliani said he did n't mind that his comments became public . At the dinner , he said , were well-known members of the news media , including CNBC anchor Larry Kudlow who , Giuliani said , was the event 's moderator . The former mayor said he 's received calls congratulating him for his remarks , including one from Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal . A spokesman for the Louisiana governor confirms Jindal did speak with Giuliani by phone . While the spokesman said Jindal did not endorse everything the former mayor said about Obama , he added the governor also has deep concerns about the president 's leadership on Islamist radicalism . "  The Governor did call him and they did speak , " spokesman Curt Anderson said . "  Jindal  wanted to buck him up because he knows everyone is in a rush to condemn him . The Governor acknowledges that not everything that the Mayor said was good , but he believes that Guiliani is a great leader and that this rush by the left and the media to condemn and marginalize him is ridiculous , " Anderson said . "  In short , the Governor is not going to throw Guiliani overboard for saying some inadvisable things , " Anderson continued . Jindal , according to this spokesman , "  believes that the President loves this country and that the President has proven to be an inept and incapable commander in chief . " Anderson says Jindal agrees that "  Guiliani asked a very important question which the press has glossed over -- it was this -- ` What 's wrong with this man that he ca n't stand up and say there 's a part of Islam that 's sick ? ' " "  The Governor believes this is question that needs to be answered , " Anderson said . John Catsimatidis , a tycoon in the grocery store industry who sponsored the event , also called to say Giuliani was saying what was on other people 's minds , the former mayor added . Earlier this week , the former mayor laid into Obama 's foreign policy as coming from a leader who is somehow disenchanted with the country he leads . "  I know this is a horrible thing to say , but I do not believe that the President loves America . He does n't love you . And he does n't love me . He was n't brought up the way you were brought up and I was brought up through love of this country , " Giuliani said at the dinner . Giuliani 's Obama critique puts 2016ers in a bind In his latest comments to CNN , Giuliani noted he is not running for president in 2016 . But he tried to explain why he made the comments . Giuliani said he was disgusted with Obama 's response to the executions of Egyptian Coptic Christians by ISIS and the attack on a Jewish market in Paris by radicals inspired by the terrorist group . The President erred , Giuliani maintains , in not holding a press conference to immediately denounce those acts of terrorism . "  Islamic extremism is not an abstraction , " he continued . By contrast , Giuliani pointed out , the President did make comments to the press after the racial unrest in Ferguson , Missouri . "  There 's something wrong with the rhetoric here , " Giuliani said . "  I think the President is a very poor leader , " Giuliani added , saying Obama does n't measure up to past presidents Ronald Reagan , John F. Kennedy and Bill Clinton . Opinion : Giuliani 's outburst is ugly , divisive Giuliani said some of his comments were based on Obama 's autobiography , "  Dreams of My Father , " which he said he read during the 2008 campaign at the urging of his wife , who predicted the then-Illinois senator would be the Democratic nominee . Giuliani said the White House owes him an apology after stating that he had made similar remarks about Obama during the 2008 campaign . Giuliani said that claim from White House spokesman Eric Schultz was not true . "  I think they should apologize to me , " Giuliani said . On Friday , the White House sharply criticized Giuliani 's comments . "  I can tell you that it 's sad to see when somebody who has attained a certain level of public stature , and even admiration , tarnishes that legacy so thoroughly , " White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest told reporters . "  And the truth is , I do n't take any joy , or vindication , or satisfaction from that . I think , really , the only thing that I feel is I feel sorry for Rudy Giuliani today , " Earnest added . Giuliani 's fall from America 's Mayor	Rudy Giuliani says of President Obama : "  I do n't know if he loves America " Giuliani says his office got death threats over remarks , but most calls were positive
PEOPLE.com  -- Brooke Burke waited five years before marrying her hubby David Charvet , but she 's wasting no time taking his last name . "  Tomorrow on Dancing with the Stars will be the first time I go by my new name -LSB- on TV -RSB- , " the ABC show 's host , 39 , told PEOPLE at Sunday 's Emmy Awards . "  I 'm happy about being Brooke Charvet . " Although the former Ms. Burke is excited about the change , not all people agree with her decision . "  It 's been 50-50 from everybody , but I 'm doing it ! " she says . The mother of four is still basking in the joy of being a newlywed . "  The timing just felt right , " she says of her secret nuptials . "  It was a very selfish , but meaningful moment . It was really spontaneous and romantic and really about us and not about what everyone else wanted or thought . " See full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  I 'm happy about being Brooke Charvet , " Brooke Burke said The former Ms. Burke is excited about the change The mother of four is still basking in the joy of being a newlywed
CNN  -- Less than two weeks after the Costa Concordia cruise disaster , customers are still booking cruises for 2012 -- even as they ask more questions about safety at sea . The cruise industry is in the middle of its "  wave season , " the first three months of the year when the majority of customers book their cruises . "  While I 'm engaging in lots of conversations with customers , I 'm going to say -- knock on wood -- I have n't seen any negative effect on booking levels or trends as of yet , " said Scott Kertes , owner of Hartford Holidays Travel in Garden City , New York , who focuses primarily on the luxury market . "  The real worry is the younger market , the first-time cruisers . It 's still a little too early to see if there 's going to be any fallout . " He expects budget cruise lines to start aggressively discounting their fares to lure the hesitant first-time cruisers aboard . Choosing ships subject to U.S. regulations Cruises Etc. . Travel owner Ruth Turpin says she has n't had any cancellations of existing reservations . In fact , her bookings have increased over last year , and customers are booking Alaska and Scandinavian cruises . However , the Fort Worth , Texas , agency owner notes that her clients are experienced cruisers who primarily sail on the luxury lines . Turpin books her clients only on cruise lines where English is the ship 's primary language and on ships subject to U.S. Coast Guard inspection .  Neither was true of the Concordia . "  I think our customers have known through the years that these cruise lines have a really strong ethic with safety , " she said . Safety drills are "  the first thing that happens the minute they get on the ship . " Cruise prices are actually up 1 % since the beginning of the year , according to the UBS Cruise Tracker released Tuesday . Cruise prices in the Caribbean and Alaska are up moderately over the past few weeks , while Mediterranean pricing has been stable since November . The impact of the Concordia on pricing is still unclear , says Michael Driscoll , editor of Cruise Week , a trade industry publication . "  It 's anyone 's guess right now , " Driscoll said . "  It 's safe to say the lawyers in the cruise industry will be working overtime in the next few months . It 's just hard to predict right now , because it really is unprecedented . " Cruise industry analyst Matthew Jacob said he suspects that bookings have dropped while pricing has held steady because travelers who are concerned about safety are n't likely to be swayed by lower prices . "  I think that if , in fact , bookings have slowed and they continue to be weak for another couple of weeks , I believe at that point , we may start to see prices come down , " said Jacob , a director with ITG Investment Research . Other factors may decrease demand Caribbean cruise lines , heavily dependent on cold weather to attract U.S. customers tired of the snow , have seen bookings decline as warmer weather has kept people at home , Kertes said . Mediterranean cruise lines were already facing lower demand because of high U.S. airfares to Europe and economic instability in Greece and Turkey , Kertes said . Turpin notes that there are a lot of ships sailing in the Mediterranean , which means bookings are being spread across many cruise lines . Customers are asking more questions about safety drills and safety records , travel agents say . The fact that the Costa Concordia did n't conduct a same-day safety drill for passengers boarding the ship was surprising to some agents , and Kertes says he expects more cruise lines to tighten their safety procedures and have drills before a ship sails . CNN 's Marnie Hunter contributed to this report .	Luxury travelers are still booking cruises Some cruisers show a preference for U.S.-regulated ships Warm weather , economic instability may decrease demand for cruises
CNN  -- Mandatory evacuations were lifted Wednesday for nearly 1,700 homes in the path of a wildfire near Rancho Cucamonga , California , but fire officials urged some residents to keep on an eye on the wind-whipped blaze , authorities said . The fire , fanned by strong wind gusts and high temperatures , began in the Etiwanda Preserve in San Bernardino National Forest at about 8 a.m. local time , according to Cal Fire . By late afternoon , it had grown to more than 1,000 acres , the agency said . Four schools -- a high school , intermediate school and two elementary schools -- were evacuated , and a temporary evacuation center has been established in Rancho Cucamonga , the San Bernardino County Sheriff 's Department said . While mandatory evacuations were lifted , a voluntary evacuation remained in effect for neighborhoods within possible range of the fire , authorities said . At least one building has been damaged and a number of others are being threatened by the fire , Cal Fire said . More than 700 firefighters and 55 fire engines , were battling the blaze dubbed the Etiwanda Fire , according to InciWeb , a U.S. multiagency fire response website . With wind gusts clocked at 60 mph , fire officials say they have been unable to launch firefighting aircraft . "  The big challenge on these fires is the wind and the unpredictability , and with winds like this we ca n't put up aircraft . It 's just too dangerous . So we try and figure out where it 's going to end up and put our resources there , " Bob Poole of the U.S. Forestry Service told CNN affiliate KCBS . The fire came the same day the National Weather Service issued a "  red flag warning " for the area , citing the fire danger posed by high temperatures , strong winds and dry conditions . Rancho Cucamonga is a suburb of San Bernardino .	NEW : Mandatory evacuations lifted for nearly 1,700 homes NEW : More than 700 firefighters and 55 engines are battling the blaze At least one building has been damaged , fire officials say National Weather Service had issued a fire warning
CNN  -- With Amazon unveiling its much-anticipated Kindle Fire tablet computer Wednesday , we may finally have a real tablet war on our hands . In the nearly 18 months since the iPad went on sale , tablet rivals have come and gone . But Apple 's device has remained dominant . Amazon 's new entry , though , might be different . Instead of crafting an iPad carbon copy and asking consumers to choose between them , they 've pushed out a stripped-down and simplified device that sells for much less than the iPad 2 while skimping on some of that tablet 's features . If you 're in the market for a tablet , though , here 's the real question : Which one , if either , is right for you ? We ca n't say for sure , since we have n't gotten our hands on one yet .  Amazon did n't let reporters demo them at Wednesday 's launch event . Here 's a look at how the two devices stack up in some key areas . Price Apple 's higher prices make the Fire 's price tag look like , well , a fire sale . At $ 199 , the Kindle Fire will be a full $ 300 cheaper than the lowest-priced iPad 2 . That 's possibly an easier entry point for folks who are intrigued by the iPad but ca n't justify spending $ 500 for a portable computer when they already have a smartphone and a laptop . One reason iPad competitors have had a hard time catching on is that , to make a profit , they 're priced about the same as Apple 's hit device , which costs $ 499 to $ 829 , depending on storage capacity and 3G capability . That being the case , the majority of consumers have stuck with the market leader . For evidence of the power of a lower price point , though , look no further than HP 's "  dead " TouchPad tablet , which the company announced it was discontinuing last month . The company slashed prices to $ 99 for a 16GB model and $ 149 for a 32GB one , and they suddenly flew off the shelves  so much so that HP actually made more to fill the demand  . The Fire 's $ 199 sticker may appeal to parents who want to get their child a tablet but hesitate at shelling out $ 500 or more for something that might get dropped into a puddle . Screen size There 's a pretty clear difference here . The iPad has a 9.7-inch display , compared with a 7-inch screen on the Kindle Fire . That screen size is probably a big reason Amazon can offer its tablet at $ 199 -- touchscreens are expensive to make . But with smartphone screen sizes inching ever-bigger  the just-announced Samsung Galaxy Note will clock in at 5.3 inches  the Fire ends up being a bit of a "  tweener . " That 's probably no big deal for some users . But if watching movies or playing games is a big reason you want a tablet , bigger is clearly better . On the flip side , the Fire is smaller and 50 % lighter than the iPad , and Amazon says it 's "  easy to hold in one hand . " This may appeal to some users who want to take their tablet on the go . Features The Kindle Fire is definitely scaled back from the iPad 2 in several ways . The Fire does n't have a camera . For shutterbugs , that might not be such a big deal , as many folks find it easier to shoot photos on smartphones than tablets anyway . But it also means apps like Apple 's video chat service , FaceTime , wo n't be replicated on Amazon 's offering . The Fire also does n't have a microphone , so voice recording and Skype-style chat are out . And the Fire is Wi-Fi-only , which means users will be able to surf the Web and download content  like books from Amazon  only when they have a connection . The iPad also comes in 3G models , albeit at a higher price .  The 3G version of the low-end 16GB iPad 2 jumps to $ 629 , not including the monthly data plan  . The Kindle Fire promises eight hours of battery life , as opposed to 10 hours for the iPad 2 . Finally , the Fire has only 8GB of storage  compared with the iPad 2 's bottom end at 16GB  but makes up for it by offering free cloud storage on Amazon 's gargantuan bank of servers . Apps The Fire will run on a modified version of Google 's Android operating system . That means users will have access to several thousand apps in Amazon 's app store for Android . The iPad , of course , has access to more than 425,000 apps in the Apple Store . So , advantage iPad on this one . Amazon has , of course , optimized the Fire for its own content , like streaming movies , e-books and music . It also will come with a 30-day free look at Amazon Prime , the company 's premier service that offers free two-day shipping of products from Amazon.com and free streaming from a library of more than 11,000 movies and TV shows . Bottom line On the surface , both tablets appear to be good options for people who just want a basic portable computer for light Web surfing and content consumption . The iPad has a proven track record and more bells and whistles , although that $ 199 Kindle Fire price is sure to tempt consumers . The Fire does n't go on sale until November 15 , so you 'll have plenty of time to read reviews of the device by then .	Amazon unveils its Kindle Fire tablet , a rival to Apple 's iPad 2 Price is the huge difference , although Amazon has sacrificed some features Fire offers a smaller screen and no camera or microphone Amazon has optimized the Fire for media consumption
CNN  -- A driverless taxi is waiting for you outside your house . Cruising through the city , you arrive safely at the airport where you drop off your luggage while ordering a coffee . Check-in is then a matter of just a few seconds , thanks to facial recognition software , while distant biometric scanning allows you to avoid long security queues . Walking past interactive shopping windows , yoga studios and outdoor green terraces , you arrive at the departure hall , a bright uplifting space dotted with paintings by the French impressionist masters . After having a look around , holographic airport staff guide you to your boarding gate . You soon find yourself aboard sitting in your body morphing seat that is fully-equipped with all the movies from your favorite director . No , this is not science fiction . Instead , this is how your airport travel experience will be in just 10 years from now -- according to Skyscanner . The travel booking site released Monday the second part of its "  Future of Travel " report which looks at what travel journeys will look like in 2024 . Compiled by a team of 56 experts and futurologists from the travel and tech industries , the study predicts that future travel journey "  will be almost unrecognizable from the often time consuming and stressful experience of 2014 . " Read this : This plane can ` fly forever ' In 10 years ' time airports will be intelligent spaces that will allow travelers to enjoy an automated and stress free journey . Emerging technologies will transform airlines into virtual hubs where passengers will be able to create their own havens to suit their personal preferences . "  Airports and flights will no longer be the price we pay to travel but instead will signify the start of our holidays where travelers can relax and create the perfect space to suit their needs whether they 're flying for business or leisure , " says Filip Filipov , Skyscanner 's Head of B2B . Here , based on Skyscanner 's predictions , CNN 's On The Move presents the top three things you can expect to experience at the airport and while flying in 2024 . 1 . Self-service check-in , scanning sensors and digital bag tags Future travelers will take complete control of their journey , which will be free of check-in desks and long queues . Biometric check-in software will eliminate the need for boarding passes and passport checks , while X-ray machines will also become a thing of the past thanks to sensors capable of scanning big groups from a large distance . Digital luggage tags pre-set with flight details and destination information will allow passengers to track their bags in real time throughout their trip . "  You 'd be able to see where your bag is at all time , " says Filipov , "  and when it is arriving . " 2 . Art , yoga and waterfalls Once past security , out go the blunt and dull and in come the cool and splendor . The soulless departure lounges and mundane transit areas of today will be replaced by uplifting , comfortable lounges filled with paintings and sculptures . If you do n't feel like delving into the world of art , amenities ranging from rooftop swimming pools and 3D cinemas to gyms and open-air parks will offer a pleasant distraction before boarding your flight . Similarly , virtual shopping walls will replace duty free stores , with passengers able to order goods with a simple verbal command . "  You will be able to select the goods that you 'd like to buy and have them delivered to your home potentially when you 're back from vacation , " says Filipov . 3 . ` Your home in the air ' In cabin smart lighting will make jetlag a thing of the past , while seats that mold to the passengers ' body shape will come with pre-loaded films and music according to their tastes . A mix between a mobile living room and a virtual office , the seating will also allow travelers to hold 3D chats with their family , friends or business contacts through Skype hologram systems . "  That seat will become your home , in a way , in the air , " says Filipov . "  It will actually be tailored to you , not in terms of how it looks and how it feels but rather the multimedia that goes with it . " Read this : This plane can ` fly forever ' More from On The Move	Skyscanner released Monday the second part of its "  Future of Travel " report It predicts that journeys in 2024 "  will be almost unrecognizable " from today 's stressful experience The report says airports will become smart spaces that will allow travelers to enjoy an automated journey
CNN  -- A body found Tuesday in Rhode Island 's Providence River has been identified as that of Sunil Tripathi , a Brown University student who had been missing since mid-March , police said . No foul play is suspected , police said , citing the state medical examiner 's office . It might take two months to determine the cause of death of the 22-year-old philosophy major , said Dara Chadwick of the Rhode Island Health Department . The identification was made through forensic dental examination , Chadwick said . His relatives ' search for Tripathi was detailed on a Facebook page , "  Help us find Sunil Tripathi . " They had temporarily taken down the page after they were inundated by ugly comments when he was falsely identified on social media as a possible suspect in last week 's Boston Marathon bombings . Tripathi was last reported seen early March 16 , on a security video walking south on Brook Street in Providence , near his home . His last recorded computer activity was shortly before that sighting . "  He was seen on the 15th , Friday , hanging out with his friends , talking to family members , all normal activities , nothing out of the ordinary that anyone detected , " his brother Ravi told CNN affiliate WPRI on April 10 . Tripathi had been on leave from the Ivy League school , meaning he was granted time off but remained a student there . He was trying to figure out what he wanted to do , Ravi told WPRI . He described his brother as a quiet person who enjoyed the little things in life . His preferred food was vegetarian , and he was a talented saxophonist , the family said . Sunil , who had been living in Providence since 2008 , grew up in Radnor , Pennsylvania . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	Sunil Tripathi , 22 , had been missing since mid-March His body was found Wednesday in the Providence River It may take two months to determine cause of death
Baghdad  CNN  -- Eleven people -- six in Baghdad and five in Kirkuk -- died in attacks in the two major Iraqi cities , police said Thursday . The incidents came amid an uptick of sectarian and political violence in the country . The bloodiest attack was in the northern city of Kirkuk , where a suicide bomber detonated his explosive vest Thursday afternoon at the main entrance to a Shiite mosque . At least five people died in that blast , while 17 others were wounded , police said . In Baghdad , a car bomb explosion in Sadr City -- a volatile , Shiite neighborhood in the eastern part of the Iraqi capital -- left three people and and 17 more wounded , police told CNN . Another car bomb blew up Thursday near an outdoor market in Baghdad 's Chukook neighborhood -- also a predominantly Shiite district . One bystander died and five people were wounded in that attack . Elsewhere in Baghdad , gunmen shot dead two people in the neighborhood of al-Bayaa . Two bombs exploded in the northern city of Mosul , police said Thursday . A car bomb wounded eight people and a roadside bomb wounded a Kurdish security officer at a joint Iraqi army-Kurdish checkpoint . Overall , violence has dropped significantly in Iraq since the peak of sectarian violence , between 2005 and 2007 . But tensions and violence , stirred in part by enmity between Shiites and Sunnis , have persisted since the U.S-led invasion of Iraq in 2003 . On Wednesday , bombings in Kirkuk and Baghdad left at least 29 people dead and 120 wounded .	NEW : Suicide bombing in Kirkuk kills 5 , wounds 17 , police say Two deadly blasts hit predominantly Shiite neighborhoods in Baghdad Mosul also was hit by bombings ; 9 were wounded 29 died in violence Wednesday in Kirkuk and Baghdad
The Frisky  -- There are certain people you expect to preach abstinence -- for example , your parents and that sex-ed teacher in high school who traumatized you with an STD slideshow . But you might not expect to hear it from Ms. No Pants herself , Lady Gaga . But at a recent event for M.A.C 's Viva Glam , Lady Gaga said , "  I ca n't believe I 'm saying this -- do n't have sex . It 's not really cool any more to have sex all the time . It 's cooler to be strong and independent , " she said . "  It 's OK not to have sex , it 's OK to get to know people . I 'm celibate , celibacy 's fine . " And the Lady is not the only celebrity keeping her pants zipped . The Frisky : SHE betrayed him -- 10 famous female cheaters Bristol Palin She may be the most well-known teen mom in America , but Bristol Palin does n't want other teens following her footsteps . She 's joined forces with the Candie 's Foundation to encourage teens to wait on sex until they 're married . And what about for her ? She 's sworn that she 's not having sex again until she is married . "  It 's a realistic goal for myself , " she said when Oprah pushed her on the topic . Victoria 's Secret model Adriana Lima Adriana Lima -- who got hitched a little over a year ago -- was also famously pro-abstinence . "  Sex is for after marriage , " she told GQ . " -LSB- Men -RSB- have to respect that this is my choice . If there 's no respect , that means they do n't want me . " She had her first baby in November . The Frisky : 8 stars rejected by Playboy Matthew McConaughey Matthew McConaughey recently practiced forced abstinence when his wife , Camilla Alves , declared that there would be no sex for 40 days after the birth of their child . Sigh . "  Twilight " star Robert Pattinson Robert Pattinson confused fans in an interview with Movies Ireland when he said that he was Catholic and that he 'd adopted Edward 's abstinence for himself . He said , " ` Twilight ' is a big metaphor for sexual abstinence . The success of the ` Twilight ' books comes from the fact that fans can lust after Edward and yet , certainly in the first book , there 's no actual sexual contact between him and the series heroine . " Could R-Patz really be on the abstinence wagon ? The Frisky : 10 guys we NEVER want to get with Lenny Kravitz At one point he asked , "  Are You Gon na Go My Way ? " but these days Lenny Kravitz is abstaining from sex . In 2008 , he said he 'd been celibate for three years . "  It 's just a promise I made until I get married . Where I 'm at in life , the women have got to come with something else , not just the body , but the mind and spirit . It usually trips them out , but that 's the way it 's going to be . I 'm looking at the big picture . " Katy Perry After she broke up with Travis McCoy of the Gym Class Heroes , Katy Perry vowed she was done with sex for the year . "  I 've actually taken a vow of celibacy this year , " she said . "  No kissing anyone . Just my cat , Kitty Purry . " We kind of doubt she 's stuck to that , considering that she 's now engaged to Russell Brand . But we guess it 's possible . The Frisky : 20 things to stop feeling guilty about Jonas Brothers Now that Britney Spears is a mom twice over and Jessica Simpson has been called "  sexual napalm , " a new set of pro-abstinence teen stars has sprung up in their place . Yes , the Jonas Brothers could probably get any teen girl in the land . But they all took celibacy vows and wear rings signifying "  our promises to ourselves and to God that we 'll stay pure 'til marriage . " Only big bro Kevin , who got married in December , is doing the deed . Miley Cyrus Shocker . Miley Cyrus is also on the bandwagon . "  I want to keep my virginity until I marry . I was brought up in a Christian family , " she said . Ditto for Selena Gomez and Jordin Sparks . Eva Longoria Eva Longoria abstained from sex while she was engaged to Tony Parker . But she did n't do it for moral reasons -- she did n't want to ruin the San Antonio Spurs ' play-off winning streak . "  Luckily , we 're getting married after the play-offs and then we need to consummate the marriage , " she told Jimmy Kimmel . The Frisky : 10 reality stars with shady pasts "  Housewives of New Jersey " Danielle Staub Danielle Staub upped the scandal factor on "  The Real Housewives of New Jersey " when she got intimate with a younger guy . But no more . "  I 'm abstinent now , " she said recently . "  I realized that with abstinence , if you really , really believe in yourself like I do , you discover your own self-worth . Abstinence means you refrain from any sex -- thinking about it , doing it -- even to yourself ! I 'm a born-again virgin . " TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Bristol Palin is encouraging teens to wait on sex until they 're married The Jonas Brothers all took celibacy vows and wear rings to prove it Miley Cyrus , Selena Gomez and Jordin Sparks are all celibate , too
CNN  -- You pull yourself out of bed , bring your coffee to the front porch , and there , right in front of you , is the vast expanse of the Grand Canyon . That 's the appeal of staying at El Tovar , which has graced the rim of the canyon since 1905 . But it 's hardly alone ; you 'll find great national park lodges all over the U.S. and Canada . And staying at one does n't mean camping and freeze-dried dinners . The best lodges offer gourmet food , personalized service and rustic yet often elegant interiors . See more of the best national park lodges Many are landmarks dating back to the park system 's early days . In 1903 , officials at the Northern Pacific Railroad were inspired to create a lodge with local logs and stone . The result , Old Faithful Inn in Yellowstone National Park , has a towering lobby that became a model for national park architecture . Travel + Leisure : America 's most underrated national parks From Hawaii Volcanoes National Park to Alaska 's Glacier Bay , these historic lodges deliver location and creature comforts . Many Glacier Hotel , Glacier National Park , Montana Evening glacier tours are , naturally , one of the popular activities during a stay here . Surrounded by the Rocky Mountains , the hotel feels like a Swiss chalet , with windows opening to Swiftcurrent Lake and a dramatic lobby with tree trunks as the support poles . Opt for a suite with lake view and balcony , or a refurbished lakeside room . Then go outside and fly-fish in a setting that will soothe your soul , or take the ferry across the lake and hike to Grinnell Glacier . The Ahwahnee , Yosemite National Park , California Art Deco , Native American , Middle Eastern and Arts and Crafts influences all contributed to this 1927 landmark 's design . More recently , a renovation drew upon Yosemite 's historical archives to determine appropriate textiles and colors , giving an English country-house look to the interiors -- rich tapestries , stained glass and hand-stenciled beams . The most elaborate rooms feature balconies and views of Glacier Point , Yosemite Falls or Half Dome . After a day in the great outdoors , take your complimentary afternoon tea on the patio overlooking Glacier Point . Glacier Bay 's Bear Track Inn , Glacier Bay National Park , Alaska Yes , you really can see black bears and moose from your bedroom at this gateway to Glacier Bay National Park . Guests praise the personal service -- look for appetizers and homemade cookies each afternoon -- and innkeepers can help arrange excursions from watching humpback whales to taking a dogsled ride . Ice climbing , fresh - and salt-water fishing , guided kayak trips , and visits to Admiralty Island to view brown bears are also popular . On your return , sink into the suede sofas and warm yourself by the lobby fireplace . Travel + Leisure : America 's best national park views Greyfield Inn , Cumberland Island National Seashore , Georgia If an island with wild horses does n't sound romantic enough , consider that secluded 16-room Greyfield -- the only inn on the island -- was the choice of John F. Kennedy Jr. and Carolyn Bessette for their 1996 wedding party . The former home is exuberantly southern , with a sprawling front porch , extensive gardens , and homegrown collards and kale on its locally sourced menu . The all-inclusive price includes everything you need to have a good time : three daily meals , bikes , kayaks , fishing equipment , beach gear and excursions with a naturalist to spot birds and wildlife . Sun yourself on 18 miles of wide beaches , or stroll through the exotic terrain of a maritime forest . Crater Lake Lodge , Crater Lake National Park , Oregon Oregon may not bring to mind images of volcanoes , but the state has an explosive past . Crater Lake Lodge is positioned right at the end of a caldera  or huge crater  formed by the collapse of an ancient volcano . The upheaval produced lava walls stretching 2,000 feet high and the nation 's deepest lake , an exquisitely clear , jewel-toned blue . You can learn about the park 's geology on boat tours that run from late June to mid-September . At the lodge , ask for a lakeside guest room for the best views . Alta Crystal Resort , Mount Rainier National Park , Washington Alta Crystal Resort lies just outside the northeast entrance to the park , giving it the closest proximity to Sunrise , the area 's highest point . Each of Alta Crystal 's 23 renovated suites has a fireplace and a small but fully equipped kitchen . An arched log entry and handmade doors enhance the appeal of the two-story honeymoon cabin . The pool and hot tub stay heated year round , and you can join the resort 's bonfires , barbecues , and other nightly events in July and August  on weekends in other months  . Zion Lodge , Zion National Park , Utah This is the only lodging option that puts you inside Zion National Park . Western-style 1920s cabins combine fir flooring and oak-and-wicker dressers with modern amenities like 300-thread-count cotton sheets . Another 82 guest rooms and suites include private porches or balconies . A 100-foot-high cottonwood tree marks the front lawn , which has a great vantage point for stargazing . The lodge does its part to be a good park tenant . Cabin rooms include an on-demand water heater and LED lighting , and suites have filtered drinking water faucets  no water bottles are sold on site  . A recent redesign of the restaurant 's walk-in coolers will save a million gallons of water a year . Travel + Leisure : Best national parks for wildlife spotting El Tovar , Grand Canyon , Arizona Built on the rim of the Grand Canyon in 1905 , El Tovar was once so far from civilization that fresh water had to be delivered by train . It 's since become one of our greatest national park treasures , with plenty of civilized touches , including suites with sitting rooms . Bring your morning coffee out to the front porch or lounge deck and gaze at the play of light on the canyon . Then head back inside for a hearty breakfast of Sonoran Eggs , with beans , chorizo , an array of salsas , and fry bread . Jenny Lake Lodge , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming Authentic log walls , handmade quilts , and down comforters make nights cozy in the cabins here at the base of the Tetons . The inclusive room rates cover breakfast and a five-course dinner daily , plus horseback rides , bike rentals , and the joy of having a front porch in one of the nation 's most photographed mountain ranges . As part of a new sustainability effort , rooms have high-efficiency lighting and recycled carpet , and guests earn a $ 10 credit each day they decline laundry services . Volcano House , Hawaii Volcanoes National Park , Hawaii Closed for several years , Volcano House reopened in 2013 following a $ 7 million renovation that preserved the character of architect Charles Dickey 's original 1941 design . Talk about a view : some rooms overlook Kilauea , one of the world 's most active volcanoes , while others face native Hawaiian rainforest of ohia lehua and koa trees , accented by tall hapuu tree ferns . Watching the crimson-feathered apapane fly from branch to branch while Halema'uma ' u Crater erupts about two miles away is an otherworldly sensation . Even the fireplace in the hotel 's Grand Lounge is made of lava rock . See more national park lodges Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	The best lodges offer gourmet food , personalized service and rustic yet often elegant interiors Guests can see black bears and moose from rooms at Glacier Bay 's Bear Track Inn Some rooms at the Volcano House lodge overlook one of the world 's most active volcanoes
CNN  -- It was a routine display , a predictable result perhaps , but in beating Augsburg 3-0 on Saturday Bayern Munich created history registering a 37th consecutive Bundesliga game without defeat . Since Bayer Leverkusen beat Bayern 2-1 on October 28th last year , the Bavarian side have notched up an incredible 31 league wins and six draws . "  The record is unbelievable . It 's not easy to go 37 games without defeat . Congratulations to the club , " said coach Pep Guardiola , who took over from Jupp Heynckes in June . "  I have noticed that every game is a lesson for me in understanding my team , " he added . The record , which surpasses the mark set by Hamburg between January 1982 to January 1983 , was achieved with the minimum of fuss at the Allianz Arena . Jerome Boateng opened the scoring in the fourth minute before Franck Ribery added a second three minutes before halftime . A Thomas Muller penalty in the 90th minute sealed victory for Bayern who also equaled Barcelona 's Champions League record  set in 2002/03  of nine consecutive wins with a 1-0 at Viktoria Pilsen in midweek . Domestic joy was heightened by the knowledge that their lead at the top of the table had been extended to four points as title rivals Borussia Dortmund completed a miserable week at home and in Europe . Jurgen Klopp 's men followed a 1-0 Champions League defeat to English league leaders Arsenal with a 2-1 loss at Wolfsburg . German international Marco Reus put Dortmund ahead with a well-struck free kick just before the break , but Wolfsburg hit back with two second half goals from Ricardo Rodriguez and Croatia striker Ivica Olic to register a fourth straight victory which moves them up to fifth in the table . "  We gave away too many free-kicks , which allowed the opposition some practice in taking them , " Jurgen Klopp said . To compound Dortmund 's trouble , center-back Neven Subotic suffered suspected ligament damage to his knee . Elsewhere , Bayer Leverkusen 's resounding 5-3 win against Hamburg sees them draw level on 28 points with Dortmund while Hertha Berlin bounced back after two straight league defeats with a 3-2 win at Hoffenheim . The victory lifts Hertha to seventh , one place below Schalke who beat Werder Bremen 3-1 . Fourth-placed Borussia Monchengladbach beat bottom side Nurnberg 3-1 . Mourinho 's lucky escape Meanwhile in the English Premier League , Chelsea were held to a 2-2 draw against West Bromwich Albion . Only an injury time penalty by Belgian striker Eden Hazard preserved Jose Mourinho 's record of never having lost a league match at Stamford Bridge . Samuel Eto gave the hosts the lead in the 45th minute but second-half strikes from Shane Long and Stephane Sessegnon looked to have secured a famous victory for the visitors only for the Blues to equalize at the death . The result sees Chelsea drop to fourth while West Brom are up to ninth . Southampton 's amazing run of form continued in emphatic style with 4-1 win over Hull . The Saints , whose last league defeat was in August , move up to third . Luis Suarez scored a second-half brace as Liverpool thrashed Fulham 4-0 at Anfield . The win sees the Reds move to within two points of leaders Arsenal who travel to Manchester United on Sunday . In Saturday 's other fixtures , Aston Villa beat Cardiff 2-0 , Norwich City beat West Ham United 3-1 and bottom-of-the-table Crystal Palace drew 0-0 with Everton .	Bayern Munich create Bundesliga history with a 3-0 win over Augsburg Reigning domestic and European champions have now gone 37 league games without defeat Bayer Leverkusen last team to beat Bayern in league back in October 2012 In English Premier League : Chelsea draw , Liverpool win and Saints keep marching on
CNN  -- Like a 3-year-old who thinks he 's just discovered the wheel , billionaire Michael Bloomberg is reveling over his startling new gun control tool : the grass roots . This is where it hurts to be the neophyte on the block . Bloomberg : We will fight the NRA with common sense In the 1980s , when "  handgun control " was at its prime , its objective was to compete with the Second Amendment movement in organizing the grass roots . When "  handgun control " become politically incorrect , the reformulated Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence pronounced that its objective was to match pro-gunner 's formidable grass-roots efforts with its own . In fact , efforts in 2013 to pass Obama 's gun control policies were fueled by perhaps the biggest "  grass-roots " organization that the "  left " has mustered : Obama 's "  Organizing for America . " Yet , this effort , too , fell short . It 's not for lack of trying that gun control has failed . Nor is it for lack of arrogance . In fact , Bloomberg , who just announced that he will drop $ 50 million on so-called "  gun safety " efforts , showed the arrogance of a dilettante breezing into a New York restaurant by proclaiming he does n't need God 's permission to enter heaven . Said Bloomberg : "  If there is a God , when I get to heaven , I 'm not stopping to be interviewed . I am heading straight in . I have earned my place in heaven . It 's not even close . " Beware anyone who thought they would be enjoying "  Big Gulps " in the afterlife . But Bloomberg 's "  arrogance of wealth " may be precisely his downfall . Gun owners are smarter than Bloomberg . In 2013 , after the Newtown incident , our members were more than capable of reading Bloomberg 's duplicitous background check legislation and understanding what it actually did : open a back door to gun registration . Gun owners also watched , incredulously , when Bloomberg 's minions cheered New York and Connecticut 's massive gun bans and gun registration requirements -- only to deny , in Washington , that they supported either of these things . Furthermore , gun owners understand that they have everything on the line . They understand that , in places such as New York City , the government has been sending letters demanding the confiscation of guns in violation of a 2010 city ordinance . And they understand that , for them , this is more than a "  billionaire hobby " like a yacht or private plane . Gun owners are not hypocrites . They resent it when Bloomberg insists on his 17-man armed security detail for himself while denying them the right to protect themselves or their families . So my message to Bloomberg is this : Spend it all . Spend all of it . Bloomberg 's hatred and hypocrisy has only energized our people , who have enacted 70 pro-gun state laws since Newtown -- twice the number of Bloomberg anti-gun laws that have been enacted around the country . Let billionaire Bloomberg sweep into Alaska and Arkansas and pretend he can buy the people in those states . He will only energize other gun groups who will be forced to oppose red state Democrats . And the prospects of a sweeping Republican victory will be even greater . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Michael Hammond says Michael Bloomberg 's idea to spend $ 50 million on gun safety will fail He points to the former New York mayor 's "  arrogance of wealth " being his downfall Gun owners are smarter than Bloomberg , he says
CNN  -- In an age of unromance , of Internet dating , of gut reaction cynicism -- I love hearing a story about how Lenny Ann Low of Sydney met her fiancé Alan of Glasgow . Lenny Ann Low made sure every week to do something scary that would in some way alter her future "  Tell the story again ! " I would beg her in the manner of a child wanting to be read her favorite fairytale , never tiring of the narrative , always smiling with delight at the ending . Lenny met Alan when she was in Edinburgh at the annual comedy festival . She was lining up for a hot tuna melt and a latte at a station café with 9 minutes to catch a train back to London . She stood at the back of the long queue thinking , probably , of anything but love -- when she locked eyes with the young man behind the steaming coffee machine -- the man who in a few short minutes would be making her latte , than in an even shorter minute later would be consigned to the distant memories of coffee makers past . But when their eyes locked from over the Gaggia machine down the snaking queue , Lenny felt an unmistakable current . Could this be love ? And if so -- what could be done in the nine minutes she had left in the country ? Lenny knew exactly what to do as she had formulated a plan that she had been following for some years . Called Future Friday it was a game she played with herself each week . In order to gain more confidence and "  get out of a rut " she decided that by Friday each week she would do something scary that would in some way alter her future . Minutes ticked up . She moved up the queue . She ordered her tuna melt . She took her coffee and sat in the train . Six minutes until it pulled out bound for London . She thought of Future Friday . She wrote her email address on a piece of paper , leapt off the train , raced back to the café , barged through the queue and gave Alan her address . "  Email me ! " she told the stranger as she thrust the paper in his hand and bounded back to catch her train . He did email when she was on a plane halfway to Australia . They emailed for a while , then eventually he came out to Sydney . They got on with the business of falling in love and next month they will marry . Unlike other pundits with a self-help plan , Lenny 's not promising hers will deliver riches , fame or love . What she does say however is that if you follow it , you will have a lot of adventures and take all sorts of risks that will enrich your life in many ways . Lenny explains how it works : "  Future Friday is so simple it 's embarrassing . By Friday at the end of every week you must do something that is good for your future that is a risk or something scary . " For Lenny , "  it could be something like getting pap smear , making a dental appointment or telling someone that you fancy them or ring someone out of the blue and asking them if they 've got a job . I 've done all those things . " Feeling like she was stagnating inspired Lenny to develop the scheme . "  Being in a bit of a dead-end job made me want to do this - I thought I needed a trigger . It also lets you off the hook -- you can say I 've done my Future Friday now -- I do n't have to do anything else for the rest of the week . " Lenny isolated particular areas of her life that she had neglected . "  I put off making a dental appointment for five or six years . I put off telling men they were nice . I put off my pap smear all my life . " The list of things to do each week for Future Friday then became "  a combination of exciting thrills and horrible must dos . " Lenny made sure she told all her friends about Future Friday so she could get extra support during the difficult weeks . "  You 'd get praise . I 'd tell various people about it . You 'd move enormous blocks . I really was quite down and just the little sense of doing stuff helped enormously . " Memorable Future Fridays included doing a stand-up comedy gig , flying in a jetfighter , and of course -- meeting Alan . Lenny started doing Future Friday in 1996 to boost her confidence and expand her world , but she had no idea how it would change her world . She was also contacted by a number of people "  friends of friends , strangers " who had heard about Future Friday and started practicing it themselves . She recommends starting your own Future Friday if you are also "  swimming around and drowning in a lot of stuff . "  It 's a good way to anchor yourself . Now I have formed a habit of getting on with things now -- today I had to get the celebrant form done and I just did it . " Every time you tick off a Future Friday item Lenny says to give yourself a pat on the back . "  It 's about the power of affirmation and realizing you 're not a failure -- and its small and it does n't cost anything . You can take delightful risks . " Lenny 's Future Friday Tips : • Pick a couple of basic but difficult issues in your life -- a niggle . Make the appointment or ring about a job and you are on your way . • Go and see that man at the pub who you thought was cute . Do n't be shy . "  I told a number of men I liked them and they did n't always feel the same way , but at least I did n't die wondering . " • I did n't keep a diary but it 's a great idea to keep track of your progress • Tell other people and they can get inspired and also support you in your Future Friday . E-mail to a friend	Lenny Ann Low created Future Friday to gain more confidence She must take one risk that is good for her future by each Friday Lenny has done stand-up comedy , flew a jetfighter , and met her fiancé Alan
LONDON , England  CNN  -- All 18 people aboard a helicopter that crashed off the coast of Scotland have been recovered alive , a Royal Air Force officer told CNN . A Super Puma helicopter , similar to the one in this file photo , went down about 120 miles east of Aberdeen . The Super Puma ditched about 120 miles east of Aberdeen while approaching an offshore platform . "  Everyone has been recovered from the water , " said James Lyon , assistant controller of the RAF 's aeronautical rescue coordination center at RAF Kinloss , Scotland . "  We do n't know their condition , but we believe there are no major injuries . " Five helicopters were scrambled when the Super Puma helicopter ditched . "  Some were recovered by helicopter and some by boat from the platform , " Lyon told CNN . The RAF was providing helicopter assistance to the Aberdeen Coast Guard in the rescue . Lyon said earlier that rescuers had been picking up emergency signal beacons from the lifejackets of the 18 people . He did not know if the pilot transmitted a mayday before the aircraft ditched . View a map of the crash site " "  We believe it was quite close to the platform it was supposed to be landing on , " he added . The area is home to a number of offshore oil rigs . Lyon said he did not know which one the helicopter was heading to or where it was coming from . The RAF received its first report of the crash at 6:43 p.m.  1:43 p.m. Eastern time  . Lyon said the Super Puma is regularly used to transport people to and from oil platforms in the North Sea and as far as he was aware it has a good safety record . Weather at the crash site is relatively good , though slight fog is hampering visibility , he said . A spokesman for BP told the UK 's Press Association : "  The 16 passengers and two crew who were on board have been accounted for and have been rescued . Three people are on the ETAP Platform and a further 15 are on the Caledonian Victory rescue vessel . "  The priority of the company is the safety of all personnel involved in this incident and we have implemented our full emergency response procedures . "	Royal Air Force says civilian helicopter carrying 18 people ditches in North Sea RAF officer says all rescued alive , no immediate details of any injuries Rescue aircraft on the scene , more in the area off Scotland
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- Popular Party leader Mariano Rajoy is poised to become the next prime minister of economically embattled Spain , with his ascension assured after the ruling Socialist Party 's candidate conceded Sunday 's national election . Alfredo Perez Rubalcaba made the concession before a somber audience of Socialist Party supporters -- a stark contrast to the raucous , celebratory crowd gathered outside the Popular Party headquarters in Madrid . Less than 30 minutes later , Rajoy offered "  a message of confidence " and vowing to push for "  solidarity " in the wake of Sunday 's vote . He did so in a televised speech inside a quiet room before coming out minutes later to address the boisterous crowd . "  The Spanish people have expressed themselves , they 've done so clearly , " he said in the first address . "  And we 'll now embrace this change . " As detailed on the Interior Ministry website , with 100 % of the votes counted , the Popular Party had over 10.8 million votes  44.6 % of the total votes  and captured 186 seats in parliament . That compares with just under 7 million votes for the Socialist Party , giving it an advantage in 110 legislative contests . A party had to win 175 seats in order to win an outright majority in the 350-seat chamber . The majority result , thus , paves the way for Rajoy 's unfettered ascension to prime minister , giving him a free hand to set policy without having to first make deals with other parties . The outcome makes Spain the latest country to lose a government amid the Europe-wide money crisis . Earlier this month , the leaders of Greece and Italy resigned over their own countries ' debt woes . In the closing days of the campaign , the 56-year-old Rajoy had spoken repeatedly about the nation 's deep economic crisis , such as the sobering 21.5 % unemployment rate overall -- including a 45 % rate of unemployment for young people . Nearly 5 million working-age Spaniards are without a job , and the country faces a steep public deficit and only tepid economic growth . Some immigrant workers are also leaving the country . Entering the elections , voters told CNN the economy was their top priority . "  This vote will determine the future of the country for years to come , " Jose Miguel Ariza , a university researcher , said after voting at the Menendez Pelayo school in central Madrid . In his initial speech Sunday night , the Popular Party leader said he would not forget those suffering -- from recent university graduates who ca n't find jobs to small business owners struggling to stay afloat to those hit hard by illness or other tragedies -- as he shaped policies . "  We 're going to try our best to better their situation , " he said . "  And we 'll think of them before making a decision . " Rajoy has said he would not cut pensions -- which the incumbent Socialist government earlier froze , to much criticism -- but he says all other issues are on the table in order to reduce the deficit . He has also said he 'll consider tax cuts for businesses to encourage them to hire more workers . A Cabinet minister between 1996 and 2004 under conservative Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar , Rajoy twice lost to Socialist Party leader Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero , in 2004 and 2008 , in his first attempts to become prime minister . But his conservative party swept to victory in regional and local elections last May , presaging what polls had long accurately predicted would be a triumph the third time around . Zapatero called the early election and announced he would not seek a third term . While other parties and candidates were in the race , Rajoy 's chief challenger had been Rubalcaba . The 60-year-old served under former Socialist Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez and most recently under Zapatero , rising to the positions of deputy prime minister and Interior minister . Rubalcaba had warned that the conservatives would cut into public health and education , the social programs which he said the Socialist party would fight to preserve , despite the economic crisis . About 35 million Spaniards are eligible to vote , of whom the government claims 1.5 million are first-time potential voters , having turned 18 since the last general elections in 2008 . The economic protests across Spain during the past six months have been fueled by the young -- the so called ` indignants ' -- but it was not clear how much impact the protesters had on the results Sunday . Esteban Guerrero , a university student in his last year of journalism studies and who has been active in the protests , said : "  I think it 's necessary to vote , but that 's not enough . People feel the elections wo n't change the situation . They wo n't stop the cutbacks . " Guerrero , 25 , sees his own prospects of getting a job after college as bleak . "  I think there 's a pent-up rage . The workers and young people of this country are fed up , " Guerrero said . "  It 's been years of frustration , over cutbacks and lower salaries . " Putting the Iberian nation on the right track wo n't be easy , Rajoy admitted in his speech to celebrating supporters later Sunday night . But the incoming prime minister stressed he felt it was possible , especially if Spaniards joined forces to work toward a common goal . "  That 's what it 's all about -- to be together , everybody ,  and  work together , " he told the crowd . "  Our political project invites all Spaniards who want to resolve this situation . It means a lot of work , a lot of effort and a lot of unity . "	NEW : The Popular Party wins 45 % of votes and 186 legislative seats , giving it a majority Rajoy says overcoming Spain 's economic woes requires "  a lot of effort and a lot of unity " The Socialist Party candidate conceded , so his party wo n't rule for first time since 2008 The economy was the top issue , with nearly 5 million working-age Spaniards without a job
The Frisky  -- This past week included "  National Tell The Truth Day . " And with that as an inspiration , we decided to get real with ourselves and others and stop lying . Some people  us included  love to beat around the bush or zip their lip while their friends make serious mistakes . Hate the bridesmaid dress you have to wear ? Tell the bride  unless it 's the day of her wedding  . Listening to your girlfriends whine about shady men ? Remind them they deserve better . Whether you 're dealing with fashion disasters , diet choices , or relationship problems , here are all the lies we simply must stop telling each other and ourselves . 1 . "  I love your -LSB- insert ugly article of clothing here -RSB- ! " Do n't be catty . You hate her spandex skirt , so do n't tell her it 's fabulous . If you do n't have something nice to say , do n't say anything at all , not the opposite of what you 're actually thinking ! The Frisky : Is monogamy still important in relationships ? 2 . "  I 'm fine . " You 're not fine and everyone knows it . 3 . "  I 'm right around the corner . Be right there ! " If you 're late , you 're late . Time will tell the truth for you , so do n't pretend you 're close by when you are n't . 4 . "  That 's a great idea . " Actually , it 's a terrible idea . Say something ! Offer constructive criticism . The Frisky : "  Bachelorette " Ali 's 6 steps make any man fall in love 5 . "  Those pants are really flattering on you . " You 're better off being embarrassed by a friend than a foe . Tell your friend not to buy them in the kindest way . 6 . "  Maybe he 's just really busy . " Yeah , maybe . But for the sake of your sanity , take some advice : He 's just not that into you . The Frisky : 10 signs he IS just that into you 7 . "  I 'm not mad at you , I swear . " Avoiding confrontation will just lead to bigger problems later . Learn how to deal with fair-weather friends , and stand up for yourself . Being passive-aggressive gets you nowhere . 8 . "  What she does n't know ca n't hurt her . " If a friend comes to you for advice , do n't just rationalize whatever she 's doing to make her feel better . Tell her she 's wrong if she 's wrong . She asked , right ? 9 . "  I 've got this covered . I do n't need any help . " We all want to be superheroes , but sometimes you ca n't do it all yourself . Let people in . The Frisky : 30 things women should quit doing by 30 10 . "  Do n't worry ; it 's diet . " That blueberry muffin might be "  reduced fat , " but you know better . Ditch your Diet Coke addiction , too . 11 . "  I do n't have a drinking problem . I 'm just ... " In college ? Celebrating ? Having a bad day ? Listen to your friends and family . Maybe you really do have a problem . 12 . "  Everything is great ! My life is perfect . " Nobody and nothing is perfect . Sorry . 13 . "  He 's not seeing anyone else . " A friend recently told me that everything is a fling until you have a ring . That 's a bit extreme , but if he 's not your boyfriend , he 's probably talking to other girls . The Frisky : 11 reasons not to call them back 14 . "  Of course this is 100 percent beef . " These days , everyone has dietary restrictions . Do n't lie if you do n't know what 's in that hot dog . 15 . "  I 'm so ... " Fat ? Ugly ? No , you are n't . Be positive . You 're beautiful the way you are , and that 's the truth . TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	This past week included "  National Tell The Truth Day " Author advises people to stop giving compliments that are n't genuine Lying to avoid confrontation may cause problems later When people say everything is "  perfect , " they are probably lying , author says
CNN  -- Patriots Day is the third Monday in April marking the anniversary of the first battles of the American Revolutionary War . It is also the date for the Boston Marathon every year . It is meant to be a joyful celebration for the city , but yesterday that all changed . Tragedy struck and lives were changed forever after two bombs exploded near the finish line of the marathon . Instead of celebrating the city , a nation now mourns the loss of three and the injuries of more than 100 . But true to the American spirit , there are people and organizations on the ground helping the victims , and you can join their efforts . One Fund Boston Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick and Boston 's Mayor Tom Menino , along with the city , have established the ` One Fund Boston ' . "  At times like this we are one state , one city and once people , " Governor Patrick said . The fund has already raised over $ 23 million , which will go towards victims and their families most affected by the bombings . Donate to Onefundboston.org FBI victims assistance center The FBI assistance center is activated for anyone who was injured or who witnessed the Boston bombings The Red Cross . The Red Cross is on the ground and has mobilized mental health volunteers to support those affected , as well as opening family assistance centers . They are offering 24/7 free mental health support - if you want to access this , contact the SAMHSA Disaster Distress Helpline at 1-800-985-5990 or text ` TalkWithUs ' to 66746 . The Red Cross recommends people download their First Aid app which provides information on how to help in emergency situations . The Red Cross also has valuable information about dealing with an emotional crises Donate to or volunteer with the American Red Cross Give blood There may be a for blood on a sustained basis . Anyone wishing to give blood should keep checking with local hospitals and organizations like the Red Cross in the near future to see where the need may be and where to donate . The Salvation Army The Salvation Army has established a specific fund for the victims in Boston and you can donate to it here . Boston Children 's Hospital Ten of the victims were taken to Boston 's Children 's Hospital . The hospital is updating its website with news as it becomes available . Follow @BostonChildrens on Twitter for updates . The Children 's Hospital website also has useful resources for guidance on how to talk to children after a tragedy . Donate to Boston 's Children 's Hospital Adidas Boston Tribute Tee Adidas has designed a T shirt commending all the Boston first responders , the Boston Athletic Association and all volunteers for their reaction to the events surrounding the bombings . 100 % of proceeds from sales of the T shirts will go to the OnefundBoston.org Buy an Adidas Boston Tribute Tee B Strong hat Major League Baseball , the Major League Baseball Players Association and the Boston Red Sox have all joined up to donate a combined $ 600,000 to victims of the marathon bombing and their families . The Red Sox and MLB will also donate 100 % of the proceeds from the sale of ' B Strong ' hats with the Red Sox letter ` B ' , to The One Fund , created by Mayor Menino . Buy a ' B Strong ' hat Boston Marathon Relief Fund Semper Fi fund has created a Boston Marathon relief fund . Donations raised will go to help those injured in the bombing and hospital staff . "  To donate , please go to the Americas Fund website and select Boston Marathon Relief fund from the drop-down menu . Donate to the Boston Marathon Relief Fund Richard Family Fund The Richard Family Fund has been established to help the family of 8 year old Martin Richard , who died in the bombings . Martin 's mother and sister were also badly injured . Funds will help with the family 's medical expenses and recovery . Donate to the Richard Family Fund Sean Collier Memorial Fund MIT has created a memorial fund in honor of slain campus police office Sean Collier . Donate to the Sean Collier Memorial Fund Celeste and Sydney Corcoran Recovery Fund Celeste and Sydney Corcoran were both badly injured in the blasts . Sydney sustained severe shrapnel injuries and Celeste has had both legs amputated below the knee . Anyone wishing to help the family with the financial burden of this tragedy can donate to a fund in their name . Donate to the Celeste and Sydney Recovery Fund White Family Fund 3 members of the White family sustained serious injuries in the explosions , and one family member has lost a limb . A fund has been set up through the website ` Youcaring.com ' to help the family with recovery and rehabilitation . Donate to the White family fund Jeff Bauman Fund Waiting to cheer his girlfriend across the finish line , Jeff Bauman was caught in the explosion and suffered the loss of both legs , severe burns and vision damage . A fund has been set up to help Jeff at ` Youcaring.com ' . Donate to the Jeff Bauman Fund Patrick Downes and Jessica Kensky fund Newlywed couple Patrick Downes and Jessica Kensky each lost a leg in the Boston blasts . A fund has been set up to help with their recovery , rehabilitation and prosthetics through Giveforward.com Donate to the Patrick Downes and Jessica Kensky fund Adrianne Haslet-Davis Fund Dancer Adrianne Haslet-Davis and her husband Adam were both caught up in the bombing . Adrianne lost her left foot . A fund has been established to help Adrianne 's recovery . Donate to the Adrianne Haslet-Davis fund Nicole and Michael Gross , Erika Brannock Fund The ` Be Strong Stay Strong ' fund has been set up to help Nicole and Michael Gross , along with Nicole 's sister Erika - all severely injured by the bombs as they stood near the finish line at the Boston marathon . Donate to the Be Strong Stay Strong fund Lu Lingzi Scholarship Fund Trustees at Boston University have created a scholarship fund in the name of Lu Lingzi , the Chinese graduate student there who tragically died in the attacks . You can donate to the fund and also post messages of support to her family on the dedicated website . Donate to the Lu Lingzi Fund Utilize social media People often turn to Twitter for quick ways to connect . If you are in the Boston area and are looking for organizations seeking volunteers , or if you are far away but want to keep up with ways o help , follow the hashtag #BostonHelp on Twitter . You also can keep up with us @CNNImpact or Impact Your World on Facebook as well as on our website .	The city of Boston has established "  One Fund Boston " to raise money for victims The Red Cross has several programs and information about dealing with an emotional crisis . The Salvation Army is providing food and pastoral care Numerous crowd-funding campaigns for individual victims
California is the latest state to allow testing of Google 's self-driving cars on the roads , though only with a human passenger along as a safety measure . Gov. Edmund "  Jerry " Brown signed the autonomous-vehicles bill into law Tuesday afternoon alongside Google co-founder Sergey Brin and State Sen. Alex Padilla , who authored the bill , at Google 's headquarters in Mountain View , California . The bill , SB 1298 , will set up procedures and requirements for determining when the cars are road-ready . Brin hopes that self-driving cars will be able to drive on public streets in five years or less . You wo n't need a driver 's license by 2040 "  Anybody who first gets in the car and finds the car is driving will be a little skittish . But they 'll get over it , " said Brown when asked if the California Highway Patrol was on board with the plan . The cars use a combination of technologies , including radar sensors on the front , video cameras aimed at the surrounding area , various other sensors and artificial-intelligence software that helps steer . Google is the most visible company working on these types of vehicles , but similar projects are under way at other organizations , including Caltech . Google has already been testing the cars on the road in Nevada , which passed a law last year authorizing driverless vehicles . Both Nevada and California require the cars to have a human behind the wheel who can take control of the vehicle at any time . So far , the cars have have racked up more than 300,000 driving miles , and 50,000 of those miles were without any intervention from the human drivers , Google says . Overheard on CNN.com : Autonomous cars reduce ` crashes ' ? There have been no accidents while the cars were controlled by the computer . The only documented accident with one of the Google vehicles was a fender bender that took place while a human was in control . Brin , who sported a pair of Google glasses at the media event without comment , said the cars could address a variety of current transportation issues . First and foremost , he said , the self-driving cars would be safer than human-driven cars . There were just under 33,000 deaths from motor vehicle accidents in the United States in 2010 . They also could ferry around people who are usually unable to to drive , such as blind people . "  Some people have other disabilities , some people are too young , some people are too old , sometimes we 're too intoxicated , " said Brin . Ideally , a car that drives itself can minimize traffic by chaining together with other self-driving vehicles and using highways more efficiently . Drivers would n't be limited to listening to NPR and honking during their morning commute ; instead they could use that time to be productive , like the millions of people who take public transit currently do . Atlanta turns to variable speed limits to ease traffic Brin also discussed the many parking lots in urban and suburban areas , calling them "  a scar to the surface of the Earth . " Self-driving cars would be able to drop you off at work and then pick up another person instead of idling in a parking lot . If you did opt to own your own car , it could park itself in the most efficient way possible . Consumer Watchdog , a consumer-rights group , has expressed reservations about the cars on privacy grounds , saying they would allow Google to gather personal information about passengers . Google 's fleet of vehicles started with Toyota Prius Hybrids and later added the Lexus RX450h , a crossover SUV , to test on different terrain . The project is directed by Sebastian Thrun , who also co-founded Google Street View . There are many legal and technical problems still to be worked out before the cars are commonplace . Asked who would get the ticket when a driverless car runs a red light , Brin replied , "  Self-driving cars do not run red lights . " You can drive 85 - in Texas	Gov. Jerry Brown signs a bill that will regulate self-driving cars in California Google co-founder Sergey Brin hopes to have self-driving cars on public roads within five years Brin says self-driving cars address safety , traffic and lifestyle issues
