The aunt of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un suffered a fatal stroke while she was on the phone with him , arguing about her husband 's execution , according to a defector from the secretive nation . Kim Kyung Hee was the sister of Kim Jong Il , the North Korean leader who died three years ago and left his son in power . Her husband , Jang Song Thaek , was executed in December , shocking many observers around the world . Jang , the younger leader 's uncle by marriage , was considered instrumental in his rise to power . Before his execution , he was described as the second-most powerful figure in North Korea . But the young leader turned his back on Jang in spectacular fashion late last year , having him executed on charges that he tried to overthrow the government . "  In the seething period of the effort for building a thriving country last year , we took the resolute measure of removing the factionalists , " the North Korean leader said in a New Year 's address shortly after the execution . Days after the execution , Jang 's wife suffered her third stroke , according to Kang Myung-do , a defector who was son-in-law to North Korea 's ex-Prime Minister , Kang Sun San . She was on the phone with the North Korean leader when she suffered the stroke , Kang said . She was hospitalized and later died . CNN could not independently confirm the defector 's information . The death was not announced because she died a few days after her husband and the government did not want people to link her death to his , according to the defector . Korean media have reported that she committed suicide five days after her husband 's execution .	Kim Kyung Hee was the sister of Kim Jong Il Kim Jong Il died three years ago and left his son in power His son executed Kim Kyung Hee 's husband , who is his uncle
CNN  -- Former world No. 1 Maria Sharapova gained revenge over China 's Zheng Jie as she reached the second round of the Bank of the West Classic in Stanford . The Russian fifth seed lost to Zheng in her previous hard-court outing three months ago , but triumphed 6-4 7-5 on her return to the surface on Tuesday night at the oldest women-only event on the tennis calendar . Sharapova reached the quarterfinals of the American tournament last year as she continued her slow recovery from shoulder surgery , and made a solid start to her preparations for this year 's U.S. Open by beating the world No. 23 . The 23-year-old will next play unseeded Olga Govortsova of Belarus . "  Our match at Indian Wells was a really scratchy match . I was n't playing very well there , " Sharapova told the WTA Tour website . "  Today I served really well but returned quite poorly . I returned well when I had to , but I 'll work on that going forward . Improving with every match is really the goal , and working myself towards the Open . " Defending champion Marion Bartoli also progressed , beating American Ashley Harkleroad 6-1 6-4 to set up a clash with former world No. 1 Ana Ivanovic , who was handed a wild-card entry . "  I 'm desperate to be back in the final of a Grand Slam . That 's my main goal , " said French fourth seed Bartoli , the 2007 Wimbledon runner-up . "  My second goal is to have a one digit ranking , but that will come with my results . " Bank of West Classic reaches 40 years American teen Melanie Oudin , who upset Sharapova during her dream run to the U.S. Open quarterfinals last year , managed a remarkable escape in her match against Aleksandra Wozniak . The 19-year-old trailed the 2008 Stanford champion by a set and 5-1 , but bounced back to win 6-7  6-8  7-5 6-3 and earn a clash with eighth seed Victoria Azarenka . Israeli sixth seed Shahar Peer and No. 7 Yanina Wickmayer of Belgium also went through , and will next play Russian Maria Kirilenko and Slovakia 's Dominika Cibulkova respectively .	Maria Sharapova reaches the second round of the Bank of the West Classic in Stanford Former world No. 1 beats China 's Zheng Jie to avenge defeat at Indian Wells Russian fifth seed will next face unseeded Olga Govortsova of Belarus in U.S. event Defending champion Marion Bartoli also wins to set up clash with Ana Ivanovic
CNN  -- In Haiti , actor Sean Penn brushed aside mockery in the media for his penchant for taking up causes . Someone , he said , had to do something after the devastating earthquake . Now he 's being recognized for his efforts . Penn will be presented with the 2012 Peace Summit Award next month during the annual meeting of Nobel Peace Prize laureates . Every year , the Nobel Laureates honor a cultural or entertainment personality who has promoted peace and stood up for human rights . The laureates are honoring Penn 's work in 2010 , when he left Hollywood glamor behind and set up shop on the slopes of a private golf club in Port-au-Prince , where thousands of homeless Haitians sought shelter under makeshift tents . The charitable organization he founded , J/P Haitian Relief Organization , managed the camp of 50,000 people , helping with food , sanitation and health care . He insisted then that he would be there for the long haul ; that he was more than a celebrity goodwill ambassador who dropped in to smile with orphaned kids for a day . "  Pretty soon , we were managing a camp , " he said in 2010 . "  Then you find you are filling a gap and you feel responsibility to keep going . " His aid agency is still in Haiti , working , it says , to lift Haiti out of poverty . The Oscar-winning Penn , star of "  Dead Man Walking , " "  Mystic River " and "  Milk , " said he was grateful to be honored by the Nobel laureates . "  It 's difficult to properly respond to this while avoiding cliche , " he said . "  I 'm thrilled to receive this tribute and to represent it to the youth of Haiti , the strong women of Haiti , and of the world . "  Many in my generation know cowardice well , but not the youth , and not the women . And never the Haitians , " he said . Haiti was hardly Penn 's first humanitarian endeavor , though it was arguably his most ambitious project to date . A few years back , he traveled to Iraq and Iran and wrote about both countries for the San Francisco Chronicle . He was in New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina -- his right arm bears a tattoo that says : "  NOLA , Deliver Me . " His presence in Haiti and all those other places drew skepticism from those who think that celebrities use tragedies to burnish their public images . But Penn moved forward , undeterred , with his relief work in Haiti . Past winners of the Peace Summit Award include musician Bob Geldof and actor and director Roberto Benigni . The Chicago summit in April will bring together Nobel laureates from 17 nations .	Sean Penn will receive the Peace Summit Award for his relief work in Haiti Penn founded an aid agency after the devastating 2010 earthquake The Oscar winner says the Nobel recognition is an honor
CNN  -- Goran Hadzic , the last Yugoslav war crimes suspect still at large , was captured in Serbia Wednesday , a war crimes tribunal announced . An ex-Croatian Serb rebel leader who has been a fugitive for seven years , Hadzic was wanted for crimes against humanity and war crimes in connection with the wars that followed the break-up of Yugoslavia in the early 1990s . The former president of a self-proclaimed Serbian republic in Croatia , Hadzic is accused of trying to remove Croats and other non-Serbs from the territory and the "  extermination or murder of hundreds of Croat or other non-Serb civilians , " among many other crimes , according to the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia . He was the last fugitive of the 161 people indicted by the tribunal . The announcement , also made by Serbian President Boris Tadic , comes less than two months after the capture of the highest-profile war crimes suspect still at large , former Bosnian Serb general Ratko Mladic . Plans were being made for Hadzic 's transfer into the Tribunal 's custody after the completion of legal proceedings in Serbia . Authorities hope he 'll soon be in custody at The Hague in the Netherlands , where the court is based . "  I welcome the arrest today of Goran Hadzic , the war-time Croatian Serb political leader of the self-proclaimed Republic of Serbian Krajina , " Tribunal Prosecutor Serge Brammertz said . "  Hadzic 's transfer into the Tribunal 's custody is a long awaited development for the victims of the crimes charged against him . It is also an important milestone in the Tribunal 's history . Eighteen years after the Tribunal 's creation , we can now say that no indicted person has successfully evaded the Tribunal 's judicial process . This is a precedent of enduring significance , not only for this Tribunal , but also for international criminal justice more generally . " The European Union and NATO welcomed the capture of Hadzic , with the EU saying it would help clear the way to Serbian membership in the club of nations . "  This arrest sends a positive signal to the European Union and to Serbia 's neighbors , but most of all on the rule of law in Serbia itself , " EU leaders said in a joint statement , saying Serbia was "  confronting the past and turning the page to a better European future . " British Foreign Secretary William Hague said on Twitter that the arrest was "  an historic moment for international justice & the victims of war crimes during the Balkan wars of the 1990s . " Ratko Mladic was seized May 26 after more than 15 years in hiding and extradited to the Netherlands to face trial at the criminal tribunal five days later . He has proved an obstructive defendant , arguing with judges about who should represent him , and in a recent appearance , a judge ordered him removed from the chamber . His superiors during the wars that saw thousands massacred were Radovan Karadzic , who was captured earlier and is now on trial , and Slobodan Milosevic , who died in jail while on trial at The Hague . Brammertz said the apprehension of both Hadzic and Mladic "  mark a long-awaited step forward in Serbia 's cooperation with the Tribunal . Serbia has now produced visible evidence that cooperation with the Tribunal is not an empty promise but a genuine commitment and we look forward to Serbia 's assistance with our ongoing work . " The prosecutor touched on the "  prosecution of war crimes " in Balkan nations , saying they pose "  a critical challenge for the region and its people . " "  The Office of the Prosecutor will continue to use its best efforts to assist the fight against impunity in the former Yugoslavia , by providing national prosecutors with information , evidence and expertise . The international community also has a key role to play in ensuring that national prosecutions can successfully take over the Tribunal 's work in establishing accountability for the atrocities committed . " Hadzic is the former president of the self-proclaimed Republic of Serbian Krajina and was indicted in 2004 for crimes against humanity and war crimes allegedly committed in the eastern Slavonia region of Croatia in the early 1990s . The indictment against Hadzic said he was "  a co-perpetrator in a joint criminal enterprise " -- the permanent and forcible removal of a "  majority of the Croat and other non-Serb population from approximately one-third of the territory of the Republic of Croatia " to make the land part of a "  new Serb-dominated state . " Under the indictment , Hadzic is charged on the basis of individual criminal responsibility for having participated in the following actions : "  Exterminating or murdering hundreds of Croat and other non-Serb civilians , including women and elderly persons , in Dalj , Dalj Planina , Erdut , Erdut Planina , Klisa , Lovas , Grabovac and Vukovar . "  Imprisoning and confining hundreds of Croat and other non-Serb civilians in detention facilities within and outside of Croatia , and establishing and perpetuating inhumane living conditions , including repeatedly torturing , beating and killing detainees in these detention facilities . "  Forcing Croat and other non-Serb civilians to perform labour when detained or under house arrest in Vukovar , Dalj , Lovas , Erdut and Tovarnik . " He is also accused of other crimes against the Croat and other non-Serb civilian population . They are "  imposing restrictive and discriminatory measures , " beatings , robberies and arbitrary arrests , deportations and forcible transfer of thousands , and the deliberate destruction of "  homes , other public and private property , cultural institutions , historic monuments and sacred sites . CNN 's Claudia Rebaza and Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	NEW : The prosecutor calls the capture an "  important milestone " Serbia 's president announces that Goran Hadzic is seized Hadzic is wanted for war crimes and crimes against humanity The announcement comes less than two months after the capture of Ratko Mladic
CNN  -- When he digests all the evidence , referee Felix Brych -- who is also a lawyer -- will probably admit he got things wrong in a Bundesliga football game Friday . Brych awarded a goal to Bayer Leverkusen 's Stefan Kiessling in the second half even though replays showed that the forward 's header against home side Hoffenheim went wide of the post and crept in through a hole in the net . Kiessling put his hands to his head as he thought he spurned a good chance and could n't quite believe it when the goal was given . It turned out to be the winner in a 2-1 result that sent Bayer Leverkusen to top spot in the league , two points ahead of idle Bayern Munich . Afterwards , Brych spoke and said his hands were effectively tied . "  There was no indication that it was not a regular goal , " Brych was quoted as saying by Britain 's Daily Mail . "  I had a bit of doubt , but the reaction of the players was clear . There was nothing to suggest otherwise . " Kiessling was n't sure how to react . "  Everyone started rushing towards me , " he told Sky Germany . "  What could I do ? "  Honestly , I could n't really judge what I saw but when Hoffenheim pointed to the hole in the net , I had an inkling . " Hoffenheim manager Markus Gisdol wants the game to be replayed , citing a similar incident between Bayern Munich and Nuremberg in 1994 when Bayern 's Thomas Helmer scored a ` phantom ' goal . Having won the controversial game 2-1 , they indeed replayed the affair and Bayern cruised 5-0 . "  If they do not repeat the game then I do n't understand the world of football anymore , " Gisdol told Hoffenheim 's website . Added Hoffenheim managing director Alexander Rosen on the Hoffenheim website : "  It is unbelievable ... what happened here today . " Roma still perfect Miralem Pjanic 's week just keeps on getting better . Part of the Bosnia and Herzegovina team that qualified for the World Cup for the first time , Pjanic scored both goals as red hot Roma stayed perfect in Serie A by beating second-place Napoli 2-0 on Friday . Pjanic netted the opener in first-half injury time on a free kick and got the second from the penalty spot in the 71st after Napoli defender Paolo Cannavaro fouled Marco Borriello -- who came on for injured Roma legend Francesco Totti . Roma rose to 8-0-0 in the Italian top division and has scored 22 goals while conceding once . Despite the sizzling start , Roma only has a five-point lead over both Napoli and two-time defending champion Juventus . Juventus can cut the gap to two points with a victory at Fiorentina on Sunday . Rafael Benitez 's men , watched by former Napoli great Diego Maradona , made the better start in Rome and some would feel deserved better . Lorenzo Insigne 's pass put Goran Pandev in the clear but his shot was partially stopped by ex Napoli keeper Morgan de Sanctis and then cleared off the line by Daniele De Rossi . Insigne struck the post and Napoli paid the price for missing the two opportunities when Pjanic deposited his free kick into the top corner . Cannavaro gave away the free kick , taking down the resurgent Gervinho . Napoli struck the woodwork twice more early in the second half and its night got worse when Cannavaro tangled with Borriello . Pjanic sent Pepe Reina the wrong way for his third goal of the campaign .	Leverkusen goes top in Germany after a contentious goal against Hoffenheim Stefan Kiessling 's header went in through the side netting but was given by referee Roma improves to 8-0-0 in Serie A after beating nearest rival Napoli 2-0 Miralem Pjanic scored both goals against Napoli , which had a man sent off in the second half
Paris  CNN  -- One of Paris ' most upscale districts was once again the site of an armed jewelry store robbery Thursday , police said . Police said a number of luxury watches were stolen in a midday heist near Place Vendome , just blocks from the presidential palace and other important buildings . A couple , each armed with a handgun , entered the store and managed to escape with several luxury watches , police said . Police declined to give an estimate for the value of the stolen goods , but CNN affiliate BFMTV reported that they were worth 800,000 euros  about U.S. $ 1.1 million  . No one was hurt during the robbery , police said . It is not the first large heist in the high-end neighborhood this year . In September , burglars stole more than 1 million euros worth of jewelry from another store . Robber steals $ 53 million worth of jewels in Cannes , police say CNN 's Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report .	A jewelry store in an upscale district of Paris was robbed An estimated 800,000 euros worth of luxury watches were stolen Another jewelry store in the area was robbed in September
The force was with Chicago . The Windy City beat out other cities , including a contentious battle against San Francisco , winning the bid to build an interactive museum for "  Star Wars " creator George Lucas . "  This is a milestone for the city , " Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel said Tuesday after the decision was announced . "  This is a tremendous opportunity for the city . " The decision was a stunning upset for San Francisco . Lucas has plenty of ties to the Bay Area . He 's from Modesto , California , and built his Skywalker ranch complex in Marin County north of the city . He started other ventures over the years also based in the Bay Area , including Lucasfilm Ltd. . Lucas said in a news release Tuesday that choosing Chicago over San Francisco was the "  right decision for the museum , but a difficult decision for me personally because of my strong personal and professional roots in San Francisco . " San Francisco Mayor Edwin M. Lee said there was a lot of support for the Lucas museum in his city . But Lee also said he understood why the iconic movie producer searched for sites in other cities for the cultural center . "  The Presidio Trust unwisely rejected Mr. Lucas ' proposal for a site near Crissy Field , which ... forced Mr. Lucas to look to cities like Chicago , and put San Francisco 's chance at landing the museum in jeopardy , " Lee said in a statement Tuesday The location for the future Lucas Museum of Narrative Art in Chicago , along the city 's famed lakefront as part of what 's known as the museum campus , was a deciding factor . Chicago was chosen "  because of the quality of the site proposed by the city 's task force . The 17-acre site offers unparalleled visitor access , " a news release said . The campus is already home to the Shedd Aquarium , the Field Museum and the Adler Planetarium . Lucas ' wife , Mellody Hobson , also calls Chicago home . She 's the president of Chicago-based Ariel Investments and sits on numerous corporate boards . The new museum The Chicago task force picked the location for the Lucas Museum of Narrative Art based on the site 's accessibility to public transportation and easy access . But the potential to create green spaces was important , too . To accommodate the museum , existing parking spaces will be moved underground and acres of asphalt will be replaced with more parkland along the harbor , museum officials said in statement . Final plans for the construction of the museum are expected this fall . The museum will display some of Lucas ' extensive collection of artwork , including paintings by Norman Rockwell , Maxfield Parrish and N.C. Wyeth . It will also feature his large collection of movie posters and memorabilia , including props from his "  Star Wars " films and others . The museum is also billed as a "  gathering place to experience narrative art and the evolution of the visual image -- from illustration to cinema to digital arts , " according to a news release . "  No other museum like this exists in the world , making it a tremendous educational , cultural and job creation asset for all Chicagoans , as well as an unparalleled draw for international tourists , " said Emanuel . Lucas film history Lucas created the blockbuster "  Star Wars " franchise with the release of the first film , "  Star Wars : Episode IV -- A New Hope " in 1977 . The film was a box office sensation and won seven Academy Awards . He also made the "  Indiana Jones " series of movies with famed director and friend Steven Spielberg . The American Film Institute lists Lucas ' "  Star Wars : Episode IV -- A New Hope " as No. 15 on its list of the 100 greatest American films of all time . Harrison Ford broke leg in ` Star Wars ' set mishap , publicist says Lupita Nyong ' o joins ` Star Wars ' cast ` Star Wars : Episode VII ' : Want to be in the movie ?	Chicago wins bid for new George Lucas museum Mayor Rahm Emanuel calls it "  a milestone " for his city Lucas says a prime location in Chicago was a deciding factor Museum will house Lucas ' art collection and movie memorabilia
Orlando , Florida  CNN  -- A whale trainer at SeaWorld died from "  multiple traumatic injuries and drowning " after a 12,000-pound killer whale grabbed her ponytail and pulled her underwater in front of shocked onlookers at Shamu Stadium , the Orange County Sheriff 's office said Thursday . Dawn Brancheau , 40 , was "  pulled underwater for an extended period of time , " by the whale , Chuck Tompkins , SeaWorld 's curator of zoological operations , told CNN 's "  American Morning . " The county medical examiner ruled Brancheau "  most likely died from multiple traumatic injuries and drowning after one of the park 's killer whales pulled her into a pool behind Shamu Stadium , " the sheriff 's office said in a statement . The statement confirms Tompkins ' account , saying that Brancheau was interacting with the whale , named Tilikum , in knee-deep water "  when the animal grabbed her by the hair , said to be in a long ponytail , and pulled her underwater . " Rescuers were not immediately able to reach Brancheau because of the "  whale 's aggressive nature , " the sheriff 's office said . She was recovered by SeaWorld staff members after Tilikum was coaxed into a smaller pool and lifted out of the water by a large platform on the bottom of the smaller tank , authorities said . WESH : Watch tourist 's video seconds before whale attack "  While this incident remains the subject of an ongoing death investigation , there are no signs of foul play , " the sheriff 's statement said . "  All evidence and witness statements indicate that the death was a tragic accident . " Earlier accounts varied on how Brancheau ended up in the tank . A witness told CNN affiliate WKMG-TV that the whale approached the glass side of the 35-foot-deep tank at Shamu Stadium , jumped up and grabbed Brancheau by her waist , shaking her so violently that her shoe came off . A SeaWorld employee , who asked not to be identified , described the incident the same way . Orange County Sheriff 's Office spokesman Jim Solomons said Brancheau slipped into the tank . Tilikum has been linked to two other deaths . He and two other whales were involved in the drowning of a trainer at a Victoria , British Columbia , marine park in 1991 . The trainer fell into the whale tank at the Sea Land Marine Park Victoria and was dragged underwater as park visitors watched . In 1999 , Tilikum was blamed for the death of a 27-year-old man whose body was found floating in a tank at SeaWorld , the apparent victim of a whale 's "  horseplay , " authorities said then . The Orange County Sheriff 's Office said the man apparently hid in the park until after it closed , then climbed into the tank . The 22-foot-long whale was "  not accustomed to people being in his tank " and "  would n't have realized he was dealing with a very fragile human being , " Solomons said at the time . iReport : Photo taken moments before Sea World incident Because of Tilikum 's history , as well as his size , trainers did not get into the water with him , Tompkins told CNN . Specific procedures were in place for working with him , he said , although "  obviously , we need to evaluate those protocols . " "  He 's just a really , really large animal , " Tompkins said , noting that female killer whales weigh 6,000 pounds -- half of Tilikum 's weight . "  Just because of his size alone , it would be dangerous to get in the water with him . " But the whale 's previous incidents were also taken into account , he said . Tompkins pointed out that the 1991 incident occurred before SeaWorld owned Tilikum and that no one is sure what took place in the incident eight years later . Tilikum could have been trying to play with Brancheau or get her attention or companionship , said Nancy Black , a marine biologist who has studied whales for 20 years . Such whales play with seals and sea lions in the wild , tossing them in the air , she said . But they do not kill them and end up letting them go . "  I do n't believe the killer whale purposely intended to kill the woman , " she said . "  It was more likely an accident , I would guess . " But , she said , the whale could also have been frustrated for some reason . Tompkins said there were no indications of any problem with Tilikum or any other animal just before the incident , and that Brancheau "  had done a great session with him ... he seemed to enjoy what he was doing at the time . " The incident , however , raises larger questions regarding the captivity of wild animals . A spokesman for People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals called the death "  a tragedy that did n't have to happen . " Jaime Zalac said the organization had called on SeaWorld "  to stop confining oceangoing mammals to an area that to them is like the size of a bathtub , and we have also been asking the park to stop forcing the animals to perform silly tricks over and over again . It 's not surprising when these huge , smart animals lash out . " Black told CNN that killer whales in the wild live in family groups , and males stay with their mothers their entire lives . Family members rely on each other for social structure and play , and they cover hundreds of miles of ocean , she said . "  I think they do need more space , and situations like that do cause a lot of stress for them , most likely . " She said Tilikum had a "  flopped fin , " something seen in captivity but not much in the wild . But Tompkins said , "  We have a tremendous track record with these animals at SeaWorld " and a very small percentage of problems . It 's useful to have animals in the park , he said , because it gives scientists a chance to study them and gives members of the public an opportunity to see them and learn about them . "  This is the first time in 46 years that we 've ever had an incident like this with a trainer , " he said . Although Tilikum is large and has to be handled carefully , "  to mark him as a killer is unfair . " In 2006 , a trainer at the adventure park was hospitalized after a killer whale grabbed him and twice held him underwater during a show at Shamu Stadium . CNN 's John Couwels and Brian Todd contributed to this report .	Whale shows canceled Thursday at SeaWorld Trainer Dawn Brancheau , 40 , fatally injured by killer whale at SeaWorld Orlando The whale , Tilikum grabbed her ponytail , pulled her underwater Tilikum has been linked to two other deaths
Alexandria , Virginia -- Two suspects charged with having served as deep-cover Russian agents living in the United States have told investigators they are Russian citizens and have been living under false identities , according to a court document released Friday . A letter from prosecutors opposing bail for the suspects said that the man known as Michael Zottoli is really a Russian named Mikhail Kutzik . The government also said the woman known as Patricia Mills is a Russian citizen named Natalia Pereverzeva . Prosecutors said that the couple waived their rights to remain silent and made the admissions soon after being arrested at their Arlington , Virginia residence over the weekend . The two were living as a married couple and have two small children . The government document also said searches of the couple 's home and two safe-deposit boxes they rented revealed that they contained cash , passports and other identity documents bearing their false identities . Investigators said they found $ 80,000 in one of the safe-deposit boxes . It was divided into eight unmarked envelopes , each of which contained $ 10,000 in what appeared to be new $ 100 bills , they said . The document said another safe-deposit box rented by the two held $ 20,000 along with passports and other documents bearing their fake identities . Prosecutors said a laptop found in the couple 's home had been brought from Russia to the United States by a co-conspirator and given to Zottoli , as court papers referred to him , in March . The revelations are contained in a letter from federal prosecutors opposing bail for the couple and for another suspect named Mikhail Semenko . The pair and Semenko remain in custody in Northern Virginia . They waived their rights to ask for bail in hearings at U.S. District Court in Alexandria , Virginia on Friday afternoon . Zottoli and Mills , as court papers called her , appeared in court wearing dark-green jail jumpsuits emblazoned with "  prisoner " on the back of each . They did not speak to each other in court . They spoke only to give their assent when the judge asked if they realized they were waiving their rights to ask for bail . Prosecutors had hoped to get the suspects moved quickly to New York to stand trial with seven others arrested in the case . But attorneys for the three requested a preliminary hearing a judge scheduled for July 7 . Semenko appeared at a separate hearing afterward . He too was dressed in a green jail jumpsuit . He spoke quietly with a slight Russian accent when asked if he understood he was relinquishing his right to ask for bail . Magistrate Judge Theresa Buchanan ordered that the three continue to be held in jail and cited the government 's contention they are dangers to the community and a flight risk . Following the court proceedings , CNN asked Semenko 's attorney Daniel Lopez why he wanted a preliminary hearing for his client . "  He 's entitled to a preliminary hearing , " replied Lopez . The defense attorney indicated the government would be expected to reveal more of its case against his client at the preliminary hearing on Wednesday . CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this story from Alexandria	Couple reveals they had given authorities false names They and a third suspect in Russian spy ring case ordered held Preliminary hearing set for July 6 The 3 are among 11 suspects in the case
CNN  -- Let the countdown begin . Not to stress you out  ok , maybe a little !  but you officially have eight days to finish your holiday shopping -- less time if you have to ship your gifts , and even less if you 're reading this the day after it was published . Ready for some help ? So are we . We asked our holiday etiquette experts for their favorite piece of gift giving advice and they shared some great tidbits . But we 're looking for more . Read their tips and then offer up yours in the comments below . We might just feature them in the article ! Jodi Newbern , author of "  Regifting Revival : A Guide to Reusing Gifts Graciously " There is no such thing as a bad regift . There are only bad regifters ! Almost anything can become a meaningful and well-received gift if it is gifted -- or regifted -- appropriately . Peggy Post , great-granddaughter-in-law of Emily Post Get in the spirit of selecting the gift for somebody by trying to match it up with something they -- not you -- would enjoy . Do n't overthink it ! Sherri Athay , author of "  Present Perfect : Unforgettable Gifts for Every Occasion " My brother once told me that he learned early in his marriage never to give his wife a gift with an electrical cord attached . Though there are exceptions to every rule , it 's generally sound advice that I 've shared with others over the years . Anna Getty , author of "  I 'm Dreaming of a Green Christmas " Enjoy the process and have fun . If it all turns into a hassle then what 's the point ? From our readers Share your best gift-giving  or gift-getting  advice , and it could end up here later today .	Author Jodi Newbern : There is no such thing as a bad regift , only bad regifters Get in the spirit of selecting a present and do n't stress out , Peggy Post says Never give your wife anything with an electrical cord attached , says author Sherri Athay
CNN  -- The body of a 25-year-old northern California man swept out to sea while trying to photograph the tsunami 's arrival from Japan last month has washed ashore about 380 miles away , in Oregon , officials there said Tuesday . Dustin Douglas Weber of Klamath , California , was standing on a sand bar near the mouth of the Klamath River in Del Norte County , California , when he was swept away March 11 , authorities said . Tsunami 's first moments He was with two friends who also were carried off by the surge but were able to return safely to shore , authorities said . Weber was identified by a forensic odontologist using dental records , said Eugene Gray , forensic administrator in the Oregon state medical examiner 's office . Tsunami trash headed for U.S. His body was found on the shore south of the Columbia River in Oregon on April 2 by a person walking the beach , Gray told CNN .	Dustin Douglas Weber of California was swept out to sea by the tsunami from Japan He was photographing the surge last month Weber 's body was found on a beach in Oregon near the Columbia River
CNN  -- Russian authorities have revealed the whereabouts of a convicted Pussy Riot punk rock band member , three weeks after she was moved from a prison where she went on hunger strike over its conditions . On November 2 , Nadezhda Tolokonnikova 's husband , Pyotr Verzilov , said his wife had not been heard from since she was transferred from a prison in Mordovia , more than 300 miles east of Moscow on October 24 or 25 . Under law , authorities had to inform her family about her transfer within 10 days of her arrival at a different penal colony . On Thursday , Russia 's prison service confirmed that Tolokonnikova , 24 , had been moved to a prison in the Krasnoyarsk region of Siberia and that her relatives had been informed . Verzilov told CNN Friday that he had spoken to his wife , who was being examined in a hospital after her transfer . Tolokonnikova felt OK and was happy with staff at the hospital , he said . He was in Krasnoyarsk and hoped to see her at the beginning of next week . Tolokonnikova was sent to Mordovia last year for her part in a performance of a "  punk prayer " critical of Vladimir Putin , who was then Russia 's Prime Minister and is now the country 's President . The performance was held at a Russian Orthodox cathedral . Found guilty of "  hooliganism , " the musician was sentenced to two years in a penal colony . With less than six months left on her sentence , she began a hunger strike on September 23 , declaring the conditions at the Mordovia prison to be intolerable . Opinion : Why is Putin scared of Tolokonnikova ?	Nadezhda Tolokonnikova was jailed in Russia last year for her part in a "  punk prayer " In September , the Pussy Riot band member went on hunger strike over prison conditions In October , she was transferred and her family was not informed of her new location Her husband said Friday that he had spoken to her at a Siberian prison where she is now held
Table Mountain , Cape Town  CNN  -- For hundreds of millions of years it has dominated the coastal skyline of southern Africa , imposing a dramatic and domineering backdrop to an idyllic location . Table Mountain , recently voted one of the "  New Seven Wonders of Nature " by a global audience , now joins the ranks of the Amazon rainforest of South America and other exotic sites throughout Asia . My task for ` Inside Africa ' is to meet the most interesting people living in its shadow , connected to its spirit . The first people to live near this majestic mountain were the Khoi , migrating here some 2,000 years ago . As I hike through its rugged terrain near a feature called Lion 's Head , I approach an unassuming man standing amid the rich biodiversity of flora and fauna . His name is Kerneels , a direct descendant of the Khoi , and he wants to show me a sacred place he visits regularly , but first he hands me something . See also : A journey through South Africa 's stunning wine region "  This is wild sage , " he tells me as I raise it to my nose , "  anytime we journey to the shrine , we bring this to burn . It releases all negative energy . " I clutch it tightly as we make the 30-minute trek , off the hiking trail , up the steep terrain walking where few people venture . Kerneels stops along the way telling me every plant growing around us was used in some way by his ancestors . He snaps in half a stiff aloe vera leaf revealing a green goo and begins to apply it to his hair - I do the same . Kerneels says among medicinal uses , aloe keeps hair shiny and wavy . When we arrive at the shrine all I see are large rocks grouped together overlooking the coastline and South Atlantic Ocean - it was simply beautiful . In the center just an open space to sit ; no pictures , no idols , no markings whatsoever . This is a place to be alone with one 's thoughts . As wind whistles through the rock formations Kerneels whispers to me , describing how hard it is to be one of the few remaining Khoi people here . Their philosophy was one of use only what you need , and respect all forms of life on the mountain . A mantra almost lost with time as the modern world crept in , colonized the area , violently pushing out the Khoi . I sit silently allowing him to gather his next thought . He says my energy is positive , so we do n't need to burn the sage . He sends me off with a heartfelt wish that visitors to Cape Town respect the hallowed ground and remember the first people to call this place home . Adding that while his "  people " may be broken they are not defeated . In many ways Kerneels ' request is being carried out by mother of two , Caron von Zeil . She 's the founder of the "  Reclaim Camissa " project . The Khoi first called Cape Town "  Camissa " meaning "  the place of sweet waters " because of its natural and clean streams stemming from the mountainside . The Dutch colonized it because of the abundant fresh water between the mountain range and the coast . But as the city grew , the waterways were gradually closed off  to limit pollution  and now all of it gets dumped into the South Atlantic . Blog : Discovering the real Zambia I meet Caron at the foot of Table Mountain with her 10-year-old son . With a Master 's degree in Environmental Planning and Landscape Architecture , Caron explains her research requires she map each and every stream , step by step , turn by turn . Her son likes to join the adventure . We pull back branches , jump over puddles and discover pristine waterways rushing down the porous sandstone of the mountain and over the solid granite of the ground . Later , Caron unlocks an old fence , walking me to a mysterious underground housing . Behind the four-foot-high Dutch style door is a pitch-black room . Inside , crystal clear water on its way to the ocean . Her calculations tell her there is enough fresh water in this system for all residents living in the immediate surroundings . Caron explains that efforts to lobby officials to reopen these water sources are falling on deaf ears - but still she charges on . Beyond the challenges of local bureaucracy she feels a deep-rooted commitment to the project and her Capetonian neighbors . Of course , the views atop Table Mountain are breathtaking , watching from 1,000 meters in the sky as white clouds roll over the cliff 's edge , explaining why locals call this the "  tablecloth . " This is also one of the most photographed places in the world , but I wonder how many people truly see the beauty . I purposely did n't want to write about the sights , the awe inspiring views this week because of that . Instead I want people going to Cape Town to remember Kerneels and Caron ; look closer , dig deeper and reflect on what the people of Table Mountain represent . My journey of discovery ` Inside Africa ' has taken me through Victoria Falls in Zambia and all around Cape Town , South Africa and now I 'm setting my compass to West Africa and the sights of Senegal ... stay tuned .	CNN 's Errol Barnett visited the Table Mountain in Cape Town , South Africa A descendant of Khoi , the first people to live near the mountain showed Barnett a sacred place Barnett also met an environmentalist to learn about water protection in the region The journey ended with a breathtaking view as Barnett reached the top of the mountain
Stephen Colbert will succeed David Letterman as host of "  The Late Show , " CBS announced Thursday , one week after Letterman told his audience that he would retire sometime in 2015 . CBS said Colbert had signed a five-year contract to helm the iconic late-night broadcast . Colbert , 49 , has been the host of Comedy Central 's "  The Colbert Report " since 2005 . Will Colbert remain in his Comedy Central character ? No . Colbert said in a statement , "  I wo n't be doing the new show in character , so we 'll all get to find out how much of him was me . I 'm looking forward to it . " CBS said "  specific creative elements " would be determined and announced at a later date . Colbert has been mentioned as a possible successor to Letterman for years , and his name quickly became a consensus pick after Letterman 's retirement announcement April 3 . But the swiftness of the announcement was surprising . CBS said , "  Colbert 's premiere date as host of ` The Late Show ' will be announced after Mr. Letterman determines a timetable for his final broadcasts in 2015 . " In a statement , Letterman signaled his support for CBS ' choice by saying that Colbert had "  always been a real friend to me . " "  I 'm very excited for him , and I 'm flattered that CBS chose him , " Letterman said . "  I also happen to know they wanted another guy with glasses . " Les Moonves , president and CEO of CBS Corp. , called Colbert "  one of the most inventive and respected forces on television . " He added , "  David Letterman 's legacy and accomplishments are an incredible source of pride for all of us here , and today 's announcement speaks to our commitment of upholding what he established for CBS in late night . " Comedy Central also praised Colbert on Thursday , saying , "  We look forward to the next eight months of the ground-breaking ` Colbert Report ' and wish Stephen the very best . " Colbert 's move means he will compete with the 11:30 p.m. time slot of his current show , and he 'll no longer have his friend Jon Stewart as a lead-in . Stewart , the host of "  The Daily Show , " told New York magazine 's Vulture blog on Wednesday that CBS would be wise to hire Colbert . "  He 's wonderful in ` Colbert Report , ' but he 's got gears he has n't even shown people yet . He would be remarkable , " Stewart said . Colbert naturally had the last laugh in Thursday 's news release . "  Simply being a guest on David Letterman 's show has been a highlight of my career , " he said . "  I never dreamed that I would follow in his footsteps , though everyone in late night follows Dave 's lead . I 'm thrilled and grateful that CBS chose me . Now , if you 'll excuse me , I have to go grind a gap in my front teeth . " It 's David Letterman 's comedy world	Colbert premiere date to be given after Letterman makes a departure plan , CBS says Letterman has said he 'll retire from "  The Late Show " sometime in 2015 Colbert signed a five-year contract with CBS , network says
CNN  It 's not going to be enough to slake the thirst of the elusive Mars bunny , but scientists say new research seems to support the theory that what looks like a bone-dry red planet during the day could be dotted with tiny puddles of salty water at night . Experts have long thought that a particular kind of salt detected in Martian soil could pull water vapor from the the planet 's thin atmosphere into the soil at night and then keep it from freezing despite the extreme cold . Researchers are n't saying they 've seen direct evidence of brine hiding out in the Martian night . But they say the new study -- based on a full year of monitoring of temperature and humidity conditions by the Mars Curiosity rover in Gale Crater -- does seem to bear the theory out . "  Gale Crater is one of the least likely places on Mars to have conditions for brines to form , compared to sites at higher latitudes or with more shading , " said Alfred McEwen of the University of Arizona at Tucson , a co-author of the new report . NASA chief scientist : ` Indications ' of alien life by 2025 "  So if brines can exist there , that strengthens the case they could form and persist even longer at many other locations , " possibly explaining channels seen on Mars that appear be formed by running water , he said . Researchers say Mars may once have had an sea as extensive as Earth 's Atlantic Ocean , and Curiosity has found evidence of ancient streambeds and a lake on the planet . The vast majority of that water has been lost to space over the eons , leaving Mars an overwhelmingly dry and inhospitable place . The new study does n't change the picture for life on Mars . The researchers say the temperatures they measured are too low and water too scarce "  to support terrestrial organisms "  sorry , bunny fans  . But scientists say evidence of water ice at the planet 's poles and now more evidence toward the theory of widespread brines keeps them hoping they 'll find evidence that life at least once existed there . "  Liquid water is a requirement for life as we know it , and a target for Mars exploration missions , " lead author Javier Martin-Torres said in a statement . "  Conditions near the surface of present-day Mars are hardly favorable for microbial life as we know it , " he said , "  but the possibility for liquid brines on Mars has wider implications for habitability and geological water-related processes . " In other words , we 'll keep looking . Mars is the next step for humanity -- we must take it	Analysis of Martian weather seems to support the idea that the planet could be dotted with salty puddles at night The finding has "  wider implications " for efforts to find evidence of life on Mars , a researcher says
CNN  -- International pressure built Tuesday for leaders of the military group that seized power last month from Mali 's democratically elected president to restore the nation to civilian rule . The African Union said Tuesday it will impose more sanctions on the country , one day after the Economic Community of West African States slapped the ruling military junta with travel and economic restrictions after last month 's coup . The AU supports the sanctions imposed by the ECOWAS in Mali and "  further decided to impose their own sanctions , with asset freezes and travel bans against leaders of the military junta and all those involved in contributing to the ` destabilization ' of Mali , " said Ramtane Lamamra , commissioner for peace and security . The AU also condemned recent attacks in the north by Tuarag rebel groups and declared "  null and void " any of their statements or demands , adding them and all those involved in attacks in the region to the sanctions imposed . On Monday , ECOWAS imposed a travel ban on the coup leaders and imposed a diplomatic and financial embargo that regional leaders discussed last week , ECOWAS Chairman Alassane Ouattara said . "  All diplomatic , economic , financial measures and others are applicable from today and will not be lifted until the re-establishment of constitutional order , " said Ouattara , Ivory Coast 's president . He said ECOWAS leaders will meet again this week in Ivory Coast 's main city of Abidjan to discuss the possible activation of troops from member states . ECOWAS had given the officers until Monday to hand over power or face sanctions . Under the sanctions , the five neighboring ECOWAS members will close their borders to landlocked Mali except for humanitarian purposes . Its member states are to deny Mali access to their ports , freeze Mali 's accounts in regional banks and suspend Mali 's participation in cultural and sporting events . Hours after ECOWAS ' announcement , the U.S. Department of State announced that it was imposing sanctions on travel to the United States on those people "  who block Mali 's return to civilian rule and a democratically elected government " and on their immediate relatives . Included are "  those who actively promote Captain Amadou Sanogo and the National Committee for the Restoration of Democracy , who seized power from democratically elected President Amadou Toumani Toure on March 21 , " it said in a statement . The United States released a statement earlier Tuesday in support of the West African states , saying it is "  deeply concerned about the ongoing political crisis in Mali . " "  We also urge all armed rebels to engage in dialogue with civilian leaders in  the capital city of  Bamako to find a nonviolent path forward for national elections and a peaceful coexistence , " said Victoria Nuland , spokeswoman for the State Department . The department warned U.S. citizens against all travel to the country and authorized the departure of non-emergency personnel and all eligible relatives . Senou International Airport in Bamako remained open but "  the availability of flights in the future is unpredictable and depends on the overall security situation , " the department said in a statement . Before Tuareg and Islamic rebels took control of northern Mali , it had been hailed as a shining example of African democracy , having experienced more than 20 years of democratic government . The impoverished country now has no access to the sea and is heavily dependent on foreign aid . The coup leaders pledged Sunday to hold talks toward the establishment of a transitional government , which they said would organize "  peaceful , free open and democratic elections in which we will not participate . " But the statement did not specify when the talks or the elections would be held . "  The measures taken by the junta are in the right direction , but are not sufficient , " Ouattara said Monday . Amnesty International has raised concerns about the safety of civilians in the area , citing reports of violence and looting . The warning came as international pressure increased on the military junta that grabbed power last month in Bamako . The Tuareg , who seek a separate homeland in northern Mali , announced over the weekend that they had seized control of the northern regional capitals of Timbuktu and Gao , a major blow to the military government . Both towns are hundreds of miles north of Bamako . "  The armed groups who seized these towns in the last three days must ensure human rights abuses do not occur and where they do , they must take action and remove anyone implicated from their ranks , " Gaetan Mootoo , Amnesty 's West Africa researcher , said in a statement on the organization 's website . The Islamist group Ansar Dine seized control of Timbuktu after the military stepped down on Monday , said Yehye Tandina , a broadcaster in the city . The streets of Timbuktu were quiet Tuesday , though the city was cut off from the rest of the world ; shops and banks had been looted . "  We are surviving on hope , " Tandina said . "  In reality , there is nothing in Timbuktu . " Military officers led by Sanogo seized power on March 22 , overthrowing President Amadou Toumani Toure . The junta said Toure had failed to properly equip soldiers battling the growing Tuareg insurgency . Moussa Ag Assarid , a spokesman for the main Tuareg rebel group , the National Movement for the Liberation of the Azawad , has said the group now "  controls all of northern Mali . " "  We are proud and ready to declare our homeland free from the south , " he said . "  Now the MLNA wants a nation . " Amnesty said it had received reports from witnesses in Gao of armed men looting homes and a hospital . "  The looting must be halted to ensure that the civilian population can safely go about their lives , " said Amnesty 's Mootoo . In another northern city , Kidal , residents were fleeing their homes , Amnesty reported . According to the organization , more than 200,000 people had fled the north of Mali since the Tuareg uprising began in January . Timbuktu was a thriving commercial hub and a center of Islamic scholarship in the 14th and 15th centuries , and it 's home to three clay mosques that date back more than 700 years . The U.N. Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization urged the combatants to avoid damage to the sites , which were added to the agency 's World Heritage List in 1988 . "  UNESCO stands ready to share its expertise and experience to help Mali ensure the safeguarding of Timbuktu , " Director-General Irina Bokova said in a statement Monday . CNN 's Joseph Netto and Journalists Nick Loomis and Tom Walsh contributed to this report	"  We are surviving on hope , " says Timbuktu witness U.S. government is "  deeply concerned about the ongoing political crisis in Mali " West African countries on Monday imposed sanctions on the junta A Tuareg insurgency has taken control of regional capitals in northern Mali
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Authorities intensified their investigation Tuesday into a mystery at Los Angeles International Airport : Who 's behind the explosions of dry ice in containers for two days in a row ? For the moment , police say they do n't believe terrorism is at work . No injuries have been reported in the explosions . "  This appears to be an internal job , maybe a labor dispute or a prank , " said Los Angeles Police Deputy Chief Michael Downing . "  But we do take this very seriously . This is along the lines of planting a pipe bomb . "  It 's a destructive device . The detonation or possession of a destructive device is a felony , " Downing added . The incidents demonstrated that LAX has vulnerabilities , Downing said . The airport is the sixth busiest in the world and third busiest in the United States , according to its website . "  I think it does reveal a vulnerability that we 're gon na shore up and that is that you have cameras in public access areas , " Downing said . "  We should also have cameras in restricted access areas to maintain the integrity of the security system . " Los Angeles police Detective Gus Villanueva said there 's "  no nexus to terrorism at this point . " The FBI has been called in , though Los Angeles police are the lead investigating agency , said FBI spokeswoman Laura Eimiller . "  There 's no established motive based on the evidence , and there is no articulated threat associated with the various incidents . Until a suspect or suspects are identified , it would be difficult to comment on motive , " Eimiller said . When asked if the explosions were a prank , she said : "  There are many reasonable theories in a situation like this , and none have been ruled out . " Dry ice , which is carbon dioxide in solid form , is used as a refrigerant for meats and ice cream , especially when shipped in a box . When dry ice becomes warm , it transforms into vapor . The more recent incident occurred at 8:30 p.m. Monday at the Tom Bradley International Terminal , airport police said . CNN affiliate KCAL said the blast took place in an employee restroom , inaccessible to nonemployees . Three plastic bottles containing dry ice were found , but only one had exploded , Villanueva said . Police and bomb experts cleared the scene by about 9:45 p.m. , KCAL reported . There were no injuries , and no flights were delayed . On Sunday , dry ice in a plastic bottle exploded in an employee restroom at the airport , causing a brief shutdown of Terminal 2 , the FBI said . No injuries were reported , and Terminal 2 resumed operations after a brief evacuation . The airport has nine terminals . CNN 's Paul Vercammen contributed to this report .	NEW : Incidents at LAX "  reveal a vulnerability that we 're gon na shore up , " deputy chief says NEW : LAX should have cameras in public access and restricted areas , police say "  This appears to be an internal job , maybe a labor dispute or a prank , " police say Dry ice , used for shipping meats and ice cream , turns directly to vapor when warmed
A fire that swept through a Bronx apartment killing three young brothers was caused by a candle and occurred one day after the power company cut off electricity for unpaid bills , officials said Saturday . A neighbor said she was in her apartment in the building on West 165th Street -- half a mile from Yankee Stadium -- when she heard the boys ' mother , Tashika Turner , screaming "  Fire ! " "  She was yelling out the window , " Cynthia Woods told CNN affiliate NY1 . "  She saw me and said , ` Fire ! ' So I ran upstairs to the apartment and I kicked the door open . "  I tried to go in and get the kids , because I could hear the kids hollering . But the fire was like real heavy , so I fell , and I could n't get into the house to save the kids ... And I could n't get them . I could n't get the kids out . I heard them crying , and they were burning . I could n't get them . I could n't get them out . I tried . " Woods said she kicked the door so hard she fell back . When she finally forced it open , "  the fire came out -- and all I could hear is them hollering . And I tried to go in , but I could n't go in . There was so much smoke and fire . It was a big flame . The whole front , the kitchen , everything was on fire . " It took about 100 firefighters about 90 minutes to bring the two-alarm fire under control by 9:30 p.m. Friday in the six-story building , officials said . By then , it was too late . The boys -- Elijah Artis , 5 ; Jeremiah Artis , 2 ; and Michael Turner , 4 months -- were declared dead on arrival at Lincoln Medical Center , police said . Hospital spokeswoman Nydia Negron said two children -- sisters ages 4 and 4 months -- were in stable condition in the intensive care unit ; the mother was treated and released . Their mother -- whom Negron identified as Tashika Turner -- survived , too . Fire marshals have determined the fire was accidentally "  caused by a candle in the kitchen , " FDNY spokesman Daniel Glover said . Con Ed spokesman Allan Drury explained that the apartment 's residents owed "  a significant amount ... -- well into the thousands of dollars . " "  We try to avoid turning service off to customers , " Drury added . "  We 'll put them on payment plans to work with them to avoid turnoff , but this account had substantial arrears . " The fire occurred 180 feet from 1022 Woodycrest Avenue , a four-story building that caught fire in March 2007 when a space heater cord overheated , killing 10 people , nine of them children . At the time , Mayor Michael Bloomberg called it the worst fire in New York City since the Happy Land social club -- also in the Bronx -- went up in flames in 1990 , killing 87 people . Mom , 4 kids dead in Brooklyn stabbing	"  I could n't get them out , " says neighbor -- "  I tried " "  This account had substantial arrears , " says ConEd spokesman The brothers were ages 5 , 2 and 4 months
TAMPA , Florida  CNN  -- Some Christian congregations , particularly in lower income , urban areas , are turning to an unlikely source for help -- the Church of Scientology . Rev , Charles Kennedy uses Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard 's book during a Friday night sermon . Scientologists do not worship God , much less Jesus Christ . The church has seen plenty of controversy and critics consider it a cult . So why are observant Christians embracing some of its teachings ? Two pastors who spoke recently with CNN explained that when it comes to religion , they still preach the core beliefs of Christianity . But when it comes to practicing what they preach in a modern world , borrowing from Scientology helps . The Rev. Charles Kennedy , of the Glorious Church of God in Christ , a Pentecostal church in Tampa , Florida , and the Rev. James McLaughlin , of the Wayman Chapel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Houston , Texas , are among the theological hybrids . Watch Rev. Kennedy preach " They say they are not scared off by programs with ties to a church that critics say has aggressive recruiting , secretive ways and rigid theology . As men of God rooted in Christian values , they do not see Scientology as a threat to their faith , but rather as a tool to augment it . Scientology was founded in the 1950s by L. Ron Hubbard , a science fiction writer . Followers are taught that they are immortal spiritual beings called thetans . Although the church says there is a supreme being , its practices do not include worshipping God . "  I 'm looking for solutions , and the people that I help , they do n't ask me who L. Ron Hubbard is , " said McLaughlin , who works with addicts . "  You know what they say ? ` Thank God . ' " Critic Rick Ross , a court-certified Scientology expert , sees something more sinister at work . He warned that mainstream acceptance makes it easier for the Scientologists to achieve their ultimate goal -- new recruits . "  Their hope is that through these programs , people will become more interested in L. Ron Hubbard , what else Mr. Hubbard had to offer , and this will lead them eventually to Scientology , " Ross said . The church has long been in the headlines for practices critics say are little more than cult-like mind control . It is also known for its stable of devout celebrity followers . And according to published reports , Scientology has been recently diversifying its outreach to include other religions and ethnic groups . Kennedy , McLaughlin and a handful of other Christian church leaders -- no one can say how many -- are finding answers to their communities ' needs in Scientology 's social programs . For Kennedy , it began two years ago when he attended a meeting at the Church of Scientology 's spiritual headquarters in Clearwater , Florida . He was introduced to a book called "  The Way to Happiness " -- Hubbard 's 64-page , self-described "  common sense guide to better living . " In the book , which lays out ways to maintain a temperate lifestyle , Kennedy found a message he believed could help lift his predominantly lower income African-American congregation . He said the book 's 21 principles help them with their struggle in an urban environment where there is too much crime and addiction and too little opportunity . Kennedy knew that before he could introduce any Scientology-related text to his congregation , he would have to prove that it did not contradict his Christian beliefs . And so , he found Scripture to match each of the 21 principles . Now Kennedy uses "  The Way to Happiness " as a how-to supplement to his sermons . He believes it is easier to understand and clearer to follow than ancient Scriptures taken from the Bible . When asked whether Scientology 's values contradict the religion of Jesus Christ , Kennedy replies , "  Sometimes yes . Sometimes no . " But he says his congregation can relate to "  The Way to Happiness . " Kennedy admits other pastors have criticized him , but the disapproval is not enough to discourage him . He insists that he has witnessed the changes "  The Way to Happiness " has inspired in people . He also maintains that the Scientologists , many of whom he calls friends , are successful at outreach and getting desired results . At Kennedy 's C. L. Kennedy Center , free tutoring based on Hubbard 's "  study tech " philosophies is provided to dozens of children and some adults . Kennedy 's daughter , Jimirra , is one of the instructors . She said "  study tech " and the Scientology orientation classes she attended helped her graduate from high school and become a poised woman . Though Jimirra Kennedy insists she does not ascribe to the religious side of Scientology , she still considers herself , at least in part , Scientologist . "  We say this all the time and I know my father says this , but I am like a Pentecostal Scientologist , that 's what we are . " Critics like Ross are alarmed by such a blurring of the lines . They consider it a marketing win for Scientology . In Houston , McLaughlin says he is not one to argue with success . Driven by a need to address the rampant drug problem in his community , McLaughlin spent years searching for a solution before he discovered "  Narconon , " Scientology 's nonprofit drug rehab center , in 2001 . McLaughlin trained at Narconon and brought the techniques back to his community to launch "  First Step Faith Step , " a program that combines Hubbard 's methods with the teachings of Christianity . He claims a 70 - to 80-percent rehabilitation success rate . Kennedy and McLaughlin said they have never lost a member of their congregations to Scientology . "  I think that they truly believe that this may help their communities , but in my opinion , they 're nave , " Ross said . Scientologists , he added , "  have their own agenda . " The Church of Scientology would not grant CNN an interview , nor would its representatives answer questions about the Hubbard-based programs . E-mail to a friend	Christian pastors borrow ideas from Scientology to preach temperate lifestyle Critics say Scientology is a cult , always looking for recruits Pastor in Houston , Texas , claims 70 percent success rate with addicts
CNN  -- Kentucky Derby winner California Chrome won the 139th running of the Preakness Stakes in Baltimore on Saturday with a burst at the homestretch -- moving a step closer to the illustrious and elusive Triple Crown . California Chrome was heavily favored in the 10-horse field . With Victor Espinoza riding , the colt held off a hard-charging Ride On Curlin to take the second jewel in the Triple Crown . Social Inclusion finished third . Now , with the Kentucky Derby and Preakness victories , if California Chrome wins the Belmont Stakes next month in New York , he 'll be the first horse since Affirmed in 1978 to achieve the ultimate feat in thoroughbred racing . A former bus driver in his native Mexico City , Espinoza , 41 , has ridden in the Preakness six times , including on War Emblem in 2002 . After winning both the Derby and Preakness that year , War Emblem finished eighth in the Belmont Stakes . "  It is an awesome feeling to be able to have a horse like California Chrome , " Espinoza told NBC Sports after the race . "  It was just a crazy race ... I got more tired mentally than physically riding him . But it worked out well , and he 's just an amazing horse . " Art Sherman describes California Chrome in no uncertain terms : "  Pure and simple , he 's a rock star . " The 77-year-old trainer says the horse loves posing for pictures , loves the buzz of the track . After the race , Sherman had tears rolling under his dark sunglasses . "  I knew we had to run harder this race , " he told NBC . "  He 's a real racehorse and I 'm hoping that the mile and half -LSB- in Belmont -RSB- is up his alley , too ... It 's a dream for any trainer to do this . " Of the 38 horses that won both the Derby and Preakness , only 11 went on to victory in the Belmont Stakes , which covers a greater distance than either of the preceding Triple Crown races . The winning colt even has his own official Twitter handle : @calchrome . After the race came this tweet : "  Start spreading the news #Chromies we are going to New York ! " California Chrome was delivered by a mare named Love the Chase that Steve Coburn and co-owner Perry Martin bought for $ 8,000 with a view to breeding . She was bred to the stallion Lucky Pulpit for a reduced fee of $ 2,000 , the first breeding the novice pair had ever undertaken . Their offspring had earned Coburn and Perry more than $ 2.3 million in prize money before the Preakness , also chalking up wins at the Santa Anita Derby , San Felipe Stakes and California Cup Derby . California Chrome is being compared by some to Seabiscuit , the beloved , undersized bay who -- though he never competed in a Triple Crown race -- outran Triple Crown winner War Admiral in a match race at Pimlico in 1938 and became a symbol of hope and determination . "  I do believe he 's that , like Seabiscuit , " Coburn said . "  He became the people 's horse in the Depression because he was the little guy kicking the big guy . We 're doing that in the same kind of way . No one ever gave it any credence , and we should n't be where we are now . " California Chrome will try to win that final jewel at Belmont Park in Hempstead , New York , on June 7 . "  You know what ? " Espinoza said , "  we 'll get it done . " Matt Majendie contributed to this report .	Kentucky Derby winner California Chrome moves a step closer to Triple Crown California Chrome held off Ride On Curlin in the 10-horse field Jockey Victor Espinoza will get his second shot at the Triple Crown Espinoza rode War Emblem to Derby , Preakness wins in 2002 , but did n't win Belmont
CNN  Scientists who pulled off a huge achievement in space exploration showed numerous black-and-white images Thursday of where they think the Philae probe landed on a comet 310 million miles from Earth . Many at the European Space Agency have gone without sleep in the last few days , nervously anticipating whether Philae 's difficult journey would actually end in success . A few who spoke to reporters in Darmstadt , Germany , choked up and said how much the mission -- dubbed Rosetta -- means to them and to space exploration . "  Rosetta is trying to answer the very big questions about the history of our solar system , " said Matt Taylor , ESA Rosetta project scientist . "  What were the conditions like at its infancy and how did it evolve ? What role did comets play in this evolution ? How do comets work ? " There were flaws with the landing -- anchoring harpoons did n't deploy when Philae made impact , lander manager Stephan Ulamec said , and screws meant to burrow into the surface did n't work . But Philae bounced at least twice , they said , and stuck the landing . And that was all that counts . A jubilant Jean-Pierre Bibring , who has reportedly spent more than two decades working on the Rosetta mission , showed photos that scientists were just beginning to receive . ESA scientists and executives high-fived and hugged one another when the landing was confirmed on Wednesday . Spacecraft have crashed into comets before , but this was the first controlled landing in history . "  Our ambitious Rosetta mission has secured a place in the history books : not only is it the first to rendezvous with and orbit a comet , but it is now also the first to deliver a lander to a comet 's surface , " Jean-Jacques Dordain , ESA 's director general , said in a statement . Many people , and not just the ones who work for ESA , are excited about what kind of information Philae will deliver . And science fiction writer Alastair Reynolds said , "  This is science fiction made real in terms of the achievement of the mission itself , but Rosetta is also taking us a step closer to answering science fiction 's grandest question of all : Are we alone ? " Rosetta took off from Earth 10 years ago , aboard an Ariane 5 rocket , and traveled a total of 6.4 billion miles before rendezvousing with the comet in August . The Philae lander separated from the orbiting Rosetta around 3:30 a.m. ET Wednesday and landed on the comet seven hours later . ESA lander system engineer Laurence O'Rourke told CNN that the orbiter had to be in the right position to allow the lander craft , which had no thrusters , to "  free fall " on the correct trajectory so it landed on the comet . The lander weighs about 220 pounds and is the size of a domestic washing machine . The target comet is only 4 kilometers , or 2.5 miles , in diameter . Shortly after landing was confirmed , the probe tweeted : "  Touchdown ! My new address : 67P ! " Later , it tweeted again : "  I 'm on the surface but my harpoons did not fire . " What can we learn from comet landing ? The mission has historic allusions . The spaceship is named after the Rosetta Stone , an inscribed piece of volcanic rock found in Egypt in 1799 that allowed scientists to decipher hieroglyphics and thus understand the ancient Egyptian culture , ESA said . The lander is named after an island in the Nile River where an obelisk was found that helped decipher the Rosetta Stone , ESA said . Led by ESA with a consortium of partners including NASA , scientists on the Rosetta comet-chasing mission hope to learn more about the composition of comets and how they interact with the solar wind : high energy particles blasted into space by the sun . The comet is currently 500 million kilometers  310 million miles  from Earth and pictures from the Rosetta mission to track it on its orbit around the sun have amazed scientists . We can land on a comet , but we ca n't ... Philae is equipped with an array of experiments to photograph and test the surface of Comet 67P as well as to find out what happens when the roasting effect of the sun drives off gas and dust . Built by a European consortium , led by the German Aerospace Research Institute , the landing probe has nine experiments . According to details on ESA 's Rosetta website , sensors on the lander will measure the density and thermal properties of the surface , gas analyzers will help detect and identify any complex organic chemicals that might be present , while other tests will measure the magnetic field and interaction between the comet and solar wind . What is a comet and what will Rosetta discover Philae also carries a drill that can drive 20 centimeters  8 inches  into the comet and deliver material to its on board ovens for testing . Scientists are already pleased with progress of the mission , and they 're wowed by what 's already been accomplished . Bibring took questions from reporters about the failure of the harpoons , answering them in great detail . He appeared to get mildly frustrated , though , and implored that failure not be the focus . "  It 's gorgeous where we are ! " he said . How comet mission helps search for alien life CNN 's Fred Pleitgen and Dave Gilbert contributed to this report .	Images show area on comet where scientists believe Philae probe landed "  Rosetta is trying to answer the very big questions about the history of our solar system , " ESA scientist says Experts are excited about what kind of information Philae will deliver Philae has nine experiments including drill to sample the surface , onboard oven
After piling up trillions of dollars of war debt during the last decade , America seemed to be on the brink of a new era -- ready to shut off the Iraq-Afghanistan funding faucet , bring its troops home and enjoy a peace dividend . But the respite looks like it will be brief . The new security threats around the world are leading to renewed calls for military engagement : maybe not boots on the ground but air strikes , drones and weapons and training for shadowy opposition groups . With Iraq descending into chaos and ISIS beheading Americans , the public is alarmed not only at the prospect of getting dragged back into the fray , but also wondering if the economy can withstand any more . Of course , in purely financial terms , the U.S. can easily pay for whatever it takes . Patrolling the no-fly zones over Iraq during the 1990s after the first Gulf War cost around $ 12 billion a year . Training the opposition and protecting civilians in Syria , combined with a weighty air campaign to take on both ISIS and the Assad regime , would cost some $ 20-22 billion per year , according to an estimate by Ken Pollack from the Washington-based Brookings Institution . These are small numbers compared to the nearly $ 200 billion the U.S. has been shelling out each year for the Iraq and Afghanistan conflicts . And the U.S is still a rich country ; interest rates are low and borrowing is cheap . Iraq , Afghan legacy Despite all of this , the cost of re-engaging in conflict will be heavy . The country is still digging itself out from the financial hole created by the extraordinarily expensive Iraq and Afghan wars . In addition to the trillions appropriated for war spending , the regular Pentagon budget grew by $ 1.3 trillion in constant dollars since 2001 to the highest levels in real terms since World War II . This "  culture of endless money , " as former Defense Secretary Robert Gates called it , was notoriously wasteful , with accounting systems so flawed it was impossible to track where all the money was being spent . Withdrawal from Iraq and the expected departure from Afghanistan was supposedly a prelude to belt-tightening at the Pentagon . Congress enacted measures designed to cut military spending by some $ 540 billion over the next decade . Thanks in part to the budget "  sequester " of 2011 , the Pentagon announced deep cuts in almost all areas , including shrinking the size of the army from 520,000 to 440,000 troops , paring back military pay raises and benefits , buying fewer weapons and attempting to clean up its finances . Reform efforts on hold However , the sharp deterioration in the global security situation means that reform efforts are now being quietly shelved . Even before the latest setbacks in Iraq there was little appetite in the military to carry on with the unaccustomed austerity . Military circles have been warning darkly about the "  hollow force " -- the idea that cutbacks would mean lower readiness and sub-par forces . Respected Pentagon figures such as former Under Secretary for Policy Michle Flournoy are warning that future budget cuts will harm the U.S. military 's ability to carry out its missions . Any talk of improving the national balance sheet through deeper military cutbacks has all but disappeared . For the nation as a whole , this means the loss of a potential peace dividend windfall of the kind the U.S. enjoyed after the end of the Cold War , which helped boost domestic prosperity during the Clinton years . Instead , military spending looks sure to rebound , prolonging the shortage of money needed to fix roads , rebuild bridges and repair schools . Desperately needed Pentagon reforms are likely to be put on hold , as Congress and top defense officials continue to focus on foreign military engagements . A dozen years of war have left American national finances in need of serious repair . The U.S. already borrowed some $ 2 trillion to pay for the invasion and occupation of Iraq and Afghanistan , a major contributor to the growth in the national debt from $ 6.4 trillion in 2003 to $ 17.7 trillion today . The war also contributed to a sharp rise in oil prices , which increased from $ 25 barrel in 2003 to a peak of $ 140 in 2008 , significantly constraining U.S. flexibility to respond to the financial crisis ,  which is by no means over  . And the country has n't yet paid for one of the biggest costs of the Iraq and Afghanistan conflicts : medical care and disability compensation for the 2.5 million veterans who served there . Already more than 900,000 returning service members have been awarded disability benefits for the rest of their lives , which will cost an additional trillion dollars in the coming decades , according to the Veterans Benefit Administration . Despite two failed wars it seems the country has n't learned the lessons about the huge cost of military adventures and the limits to what military intervention alone can do to solve complex foreign policy challenges . In 2003 , the U.S. ignored the question of how it would pay for the Iraq war . The Bush administration was so confident of a short campaign that it fired its top economist , Lawrence Lindsey , for suggesting the conflict might be expensive . This time around , America is starting off in a much weaker financial position , with no strategy to pay for our existing war debts . If it is to embark on another round of military engagements , the president needs to be up front with the American people about what it will cost -- and how they are going to pay for it .	New security threats are leading to renewed calls for U.S. military engagement After Iraq and Afghanistan , Americans are wondering if the economy can withstand any more Withdrawal from these campaigns was supposedly a prelude to belt-tightening at the Pentagon This time around , America is starting off in a much weaker financial position , says Bilmes
CNN  -- A U.S. presidential commission has uncovered more details regarding human experiments conducted by American researchers in Guatemala in the 1940s in which the subjects were exposed to sexually transmitted diseases . The research reaffirms much of what is already publicly known : that between 1946 and 1948 , U.S. researchers intentionally infected non-consenting subjects in Guatemala with STDs , in what the commission called a "  clearly unethical historical injustice . " The United States has apologized for the incident , and the government has been sued by some of the victims and their heirs . President Barack Obama asked the Presidential Commission for the Study of Bioethical Issues to uncover details of the research and to assure him that current rules protect people from unethical treatment . The commission on Monday said it had completed the first of those tasks , and will present its findings to Obama in September . "  It is important that we accurately document this clearly unethical historical injustice . We do this to honor the victims , " said commission chair Amy Gutmann . "  In addition , we must look to and learn from the past so that we can assure the public that scientific and medical research today is conducted in an ethical manner . Research with human subjects is a sacred trust . Without public confidence , participation will decline and critical research will be stopped . It is imperative that we get this right . " The scientific investigation , called the U.S. Public Health Service Sexually Transmitted Disease Inoculation Study of 1946-1948 , was conducted to determine the effectiveness of penicillin in treating or preventing syphilis after subjects were exposed to the disease . Gonorrhea and chancres were also studied . Penicillin was a relatively new drug at the time . The tests were carried out on female commercial sex workers , prisoners in the national penitentiary , patients in the national mental hospital and soldiers . According to the study , more than 1,600 people were infected : 696 with syphilis , 772 with gonorrhea and 142 with chancres . The presidential commission reviewed more than 125,000 original documents collected from public and private archives around the country and completed a fact-finding trip to Guatemala . The commission compared its findings in the Guatemala research with similar research that involved intentionally exposing inmates in Terre Haute , Indiana , to gonorrhea in 1943 . Among the commission 's findings was that many of the same researchers in Terre Haute were also involved in the Guatemala research . "  The key difference between the two research projects was that in Terre Haute the prisoners were fully briefed , volunteered and gave informed consent , " the commission said in a statement . "  A few years later , the subjects of the same researchers in Guatemala gave no consent . " The Guatemala research has also been compared to the Tuskegee syphilis experiment in Alabama . During the 40-year study that began in 1932 , doctors observed how the disease progressed in about 400 poor African-Americans who already had the disease . The men were never told they had syphilis and were never treated for it . The test subjects received free medical testing , meals and burial insurance . After the Tuskegee study came to light , the U.S. government reached a $ 10 million out-of-court settlement with surviving study subjects and the families of those who had died in the course of the experiment .	A presidential commission reaffirms previous reports on experiments in Guatemala Without their knowledge , subjects were exposed to STDs The commission will give its report to President Obama in September
Actress Lauren Bacall , the husky-voiced Hollywood icon known for her sultry sensuality , died Tuesday . She was 89 . Robbert de Klerk , co-managing partner of the Humphrey Bogart Estate , said Bacall died in New York . She was anointed a legend during her lifetime by the American Film Institute , but she was n't fond of that , she told CNN 's Larry King in an interview in 2005 . "  I do n't like the category . And to begin with , to me , a legend is something that is not on the Earth , that is dead , " she said . Legends were part of the past , and Bacall preferred the present . But her international fame began before the backdrop of World War II , in 1944 with her first film , "  To Have and Have Not , " which she made with future husband Humphrey Bogart . They married in 1945 , had two children and went on to make more films together , including "  The Big Sleep "  1946  , "  Dark Passage "  1947  and "  Key Largo "  1948  . Bogart died in 1957 . Her memorable quotes "  He was an extraordinary , extraordinary man . I mean , I 've been extremely lucky . God , I have no complaints at all , " Bacall said of her late husband during a 2005 interview with CNN 's Larry King . Bacall 's grandson said he got a call early Tuesday from his father . "  She apparently had a stroke . A pretty massive stroke . That 's what happened , " said Jamie Bogart , who last saw Bacall over the holidays . "  She was , you can say she was a tough personality . She wanted the best and if you were n't doing the best she let you know about it . She was a great person . Catch her on a bad day it could be interesting . She was a good grandma . She was lucky to have a pretty unique life , " he said . A marriage to Jason Robards , which produced another child , actor Sam Robards , ended in divorce . Bacall was engaged to Frank Sinatra , briefly , between marriages . Friend Dick Cavett , a former TV talk show host , said he and his wife were in a cab just 36 hours before the death was announced , driving by where Bacall lived and wondering aloud how she was doing . "  Her presence was tangible , " Cavett said . "  There was no nonsense , no affectation . She was n't tough . But she could play tough . " Cavett added : "  She just was what a lot of young women would like to be . Someone that ca n't be pushed around . Someone that could tell you where to head in ... with a colorful , vile vocabulary if she needed to fall back on it . " Bacall 's confident , smoldering expression -- the down-turned face and up-turned eyes -- earned her the nickname : The Look . Ironically , the young woman originally struck the pose because she felt insecure . Hollywood recalls screen legend Lauren Bacall "  I mean , that was what started the look -- was nerves -- just trying to keep my head steady , " Bacall once said . Bacall won two Tony Awards and an honorary Oscar ; she was nominated for three Emmy Awards . During the interview with King , Bacall said working on stage was her original dream . "  When the curtain goes up , -LSB- the stage is -RSB- ours . It 's ours to project what the playwright wants to say to an audience , what to convey and to get a response from the audience immediately . "  Movies are great fun and wonderful when they 're good . But you never get to see them till six months after they 're finished . "  So you never get a sense of whether they 're really well liked or how good they are . And you do n't really know what the finished product is going to be like , because it 's a director 's medium . " Opinion : Bacall , the last existential heroine Bacall was discovered by the wife of American film director Howard Hawks after she appeared on the cover of Harper 's Bazaar . As a lanky teen , she modeled to earn extra money . Hawks later gave Bacall , who was born Betty Joan Perske , the name Lauren . Her last name , Bacall , came from her mother 's maiden name . Her first autobiography , "  Lauren Bacall : By Myself , " won the National Book Award in 1980 . "  By Myself and Then Some , " her updated autobiography , was published in 2005 . What to know about Lauren Bacall Bacall , Bogart and more reel-to-real romances With passing of Bacall , all Madonna 's ` Vogue ' icons have died People we 've lost in 2014	Her grandson says she apparently had a stroke Bacall shot to international fame in 1944 with her first film , "  To Have and Have Not " She married co-star Humphrey Bogart ; had three children "  I 've been extremely lucky . God , I have no complaints at all , " Bacall said in 2005
The tributes to Robin Williams flow from around the world as stunned friends and family search for answers about why the comic legend would take his own life . Investigators believe Williams , 63 , used a belt to hang himself from a bedroom door sometime between late Sunday and when his personal assistant found him just before noon Monday at his home in California , according to Marin County Assistant Deputy Chief Coroner Lt. Keith Boyd . Boyd would not confirm or deny whether Williams left behind a letter , saying that investigators would discuss "  the note or a note " later . The coroner 's investigation "  revealed he had been seeking treatment for depression , " Boyd told reporters . "  He has been battling severe depression of late , " Williams ' media representative , Mara Buxbaum , told CNN on Monday . "  This is a tragic and sudden loss . " The autopsy completed Tuesday morning showed "  no indication of a struggle or physical altercation , " which was consistent with the death being a suicide , Boyd said . The personal assistant found Williams "  clothed in a seated position , unresponsive , and with a belt secured around his neck with the other end of the belt wedged between the closed closet door and door frame , " he said . Williams ' left wrist had cuts , Boyd said . A pocket knife was found near his body , and a red material consistent with dried blood was found on the knife , Boyd said . He said tests will be conducted to determine whether the substance is blood . Williams was last seen alive at about 10:30 p.m. Sunday , by his wife , when she went to bed , Boyd said . He apparently went into a bedroom at an unknown time after that . His wife left the home at about 10:30 a.m. Monday , assuming Williams was still asleep . Williams ' personal assistant , concerned because he was n't responding to knocks on his door , entered the room and found him dead at about 11:45 a.m. , Boyd said . It will take several weeks for toxicology test results to show whether Williams was under the influence of drugs or alcohol when he died , Boyd said . Full of talent , full of demons , full of heart The actor made at least two trips to rehab for drug treatment , including a visit this summer , and he underwent heart surgery in 2009 . Williams was remembered fondly by actors , comedians , fans , even the president of the United States -- who described him as "  an airman , a doctor , a genie , a nanny , a president , a professor , a bangarang Peter Pan  who  was one of a kind . " "  He made us laugh , " Obama said . "  He made us cry. He gave his immeasurable talent freely and generously to those who needed it most -- from our troops stationed abroad to the marginalized on our own streets . " His loss was felt deeply in many circles , but no more so than his own family . His wife Susan Scheider -- a graphic designer whom he married in October 2011 -- asked the world to focus "  not on Robin 's death , but on the countless moments of joy and laughter he gave to millions . " Others in his family , including his three children and an ex-wife , praised him as a warm , loving man who always tried "  to bring joy to " those around him , as eldest son Zak noted . "  Dad was , is and always will be one of the kindest , most generous , gentlest souls I 've ever known , " his daughter Zelda said . " ... I know ... not just my world , but the the entire world is forever a little darker , less colorful and less full of laughter in his absence . We 'll just have to work twice as hard to fill it back up again . " All he needed was an audience of one On Tuesday , someone who knew Robin Williams well described the man behind the legend . "  There had to be two people in the room " with him , his friend Bob Zmuda told CNN 's "  New Day . " "  Then you were an audience , and then he came alive . " But one-on-one , Zmuda said , Williams "  had no social skills . He could n't handle it . ... I knew this man for 35 years and yet it was like I was in an elevator with a stranger . " Zmuda , a comedy writer , created Comic Relief , a program that raised funds for those in need through comedy . Williams hosted it , along with Billy Crystal and Whoopi Goldberg . Sarah Michelle Gellar played Williams ' daughter in the CBS comedy "  The Crazy Ones , " which was recently canceled after one season . She told People magazine that "  to everyone he worked with , he was the best boss anyone had ever known , " and both an inspiration and father figure to her . "  And to his family , I thank them for letting us know him and seeing the joy they brought him . " In character , Williams warned against suicide Williams was known to be generous to fellow stand-up comedians . "  Riffing with Robin Williams was extremely invigorating -- and extremely exhausting , " comic Gilbert Gottfried wrote in a column for CNN.com . "  I knew I had to be on my toes every second . And when we would actually connect onstage , it was electric for me . " "  I 've known people who have committed suicide , and my shock always reveals how little I knew about them , " Gottfried wrote . In the 2009 film "  World 's Greatest Dad , " Williams played a man named Lance Clayton -- and delivered a line now making the rounds online : "  If you 're that depressed , reach out to someone . And remember : Suicide is a permanent solution to temporary problems . " From Julliard to ` Happy Days ' Born in Chicago on July 21 , 1951 , Williams studied theater at Juilliard School before taking his stand-up act to nightclubs . He was cast as Mork , an alien visitor to Earth , for a 1978 episode of television 's "  Happy Days . " "  Happy Days " star Henry Winkler said he "  realized I was in the presence of greatness " at Williams ' first rehearsal as Mork . "  I just realized my only job is to keep a straight face , " said Winkler , who played "  The Fonz . " "  And it was impossible . Because no matter what you said to him , no matter what line you gave to him , he took it in , processed it , and then it flew out of his mouth , never the same way twice . And it was incredibly funny every time . " It is "  unimaginable that this is the reality today , that this incredible human being , incredible , delicate , funny , dramatic human being is gone , " Winkler said . The role led to the spinoff show "  Mork & Mindy " which showcased Williams ' unusual comic improvisation talents from 1978 through 1982 . He proved his dramatic acting skills in "  Good Will Hunting , " a 1997 film that earned him a best supporting actor Oscar . His memorable movies over the past three decades include "  Good Morning , Vietnam , " "  Dead Poets Society , " "  Mrs. Doubtfire " and "  The Birdcage . " Williams credited the influence of Jonathan Winters ' comic irreverence and quirky characters as a great influence on his comedy . The connection between the two was completed when Winters was cast as Williams ' son on "  Mork & Mindy . " When Winters died in 2013 , Williams said he was "  my idol , then he was my mentor and amazing friend . " He tweeted that Winters was his "  Comedy Buddha . " Williams and his "  Mork & Mindy " co-star Pam Dawber reunited on TV earlier this year on an episode of the CBS comedy "  The Crazy Ones . " Williams ' fans can look forward to four more movie appearances coming to theaters , including another installment in the "  Night at the Museum " franchise . Dawber summed up the feelings of many in a simple statement : "  I am completely and totally devastated . What more can be said ? " Once on the TV program "  Inside the Actors Studio , " Williams was asked , "  If Heaven exists , what would you like to hear God say when you arrive at the pearly gates ? " After a joke about a concert including Mozart and Elvis , he added , "  to know that there 's laughter . " Complete coverage on Robin Williams Share your memories of Robin Williams	Daughter : World is "  darker , less colorful and less full of laughter " Authorities release details in the death of Robin Williams "  He has been battling severe depression of late , " his rep says "  Suicide is a permanent solution to temporary problems , " his character said in a movie
Monrovia , Liberia  CNN  -- About 10 days ago , Lusa Khanneh took ill , but not with Ebola . Her son , Saymon Kamara , says his mother was having violent convulsions . Those are n't a typical symptom of Ebola ; they 're a complication of high blood pressure , which Kanneh had suffered from for years . Kamara drove his mother to Redemption Hospital , near their home in the West Point slums of Monrovia . Doctors had given her treatment there before , and he hoped to get it again . But Redemption , like so many hospitals in Liberia , is closed or partially closed out of fear that Ebola patients will infect health care workers . It 's a fear based in reality : In Liberia , more than 170 health care workers have contracted the disease and 83 have died of it . Next , Kamara drove to ELWA Hospital , but learned it only takes Ebola patients . Then he drove his mother to JFK Hospital , but it was overwhelmed and accepting only pregnant women , children and Ebola patients . Cooper Hospital was his last chance . Kamara and his mother waited outside . By now she was convulsing every 15 minutes , "  as if someone had put a spell on her , " he says . Her breathing was rapid and shallow . A doctor came out -- a tall man , Kamara remembers . He pointed to a small blood stain on his mother 's shirt . He wanted to know what it was from . Kamara explained that during one of her seizures his mother had bit her tongue and bled a little . But he could tell the doctor was worried she had Ebola , because bleeding is one of the symptoms . He turned Kanneh away . Lusa Khanneh had run out of options . The only place her son could take her was home . Four days later , on September 19 , she died . Saymon Kamara is angry . "  If the hospitals were open , she would n't have died , " he says . "  This was n't her time to go . " No contact : Life inside the Ebola outbreak There 's no question that countless Liberians are dying because of Ebola even when they do n't have it . There are few functioning hospitals or doctors ' offices . Health care services , weak before Ebola , barely exist ; vaccination rates , for example , have plummeted . "  The primary care system here is basically shattered , " says Sarah Crowe , a spokeswoman for UNICEF who is working in Liberia . "  It 's an outrage that children are dying of diseases , like measles , that are preventable and treatable . " Even after death , Ebola -- a disease her son says she never had -- haunted Kanneh . Her family heard on the radio that no one should touch a cadaver , no matter what the cause of death . Call in , the announcer on the radio said , and a team from Dead Body Management will come for the body . It 's simply impractical to test every cadaver for Ebola and sort out who died of what before burial . It would dangerously delay the burial to do so , and would take up too many resources . So the Kanneh family did as they were instructed . On Saturday , the day after her death , a team of five men in white suits , covered head to toe , sprayed Lusa Khanneh 's body with chlorine and buried her . Kanneh did n't receive the burial she would have wanted as a devout Muslim . Her family did n't wash her body . They did n't carry her to the mosque and pray over her . They did n't bury her themselves . "  These guys who buried her -- I do n't know these guys , " Kamara says , referring to the men in the white suits with the chlorine spray . "  I expected my family to bury her , but now strangers have buried her . " But he says he understands . "  I have to accept this because this is the kind of country I live in and the kind of country my mother died in , " he says . "  I have to accept it with a heavy heart . " CNN 's John Bonifield , Orlando Ruiz , and Orlind Cooper contributed to this story .	Liberians with other ailments trapped by Ebola crisis Hospitals are too busy fighting Ebola or closed because of fears of it Woman with blood pressure problems dies without medical attention
CNN  -- Thank Depeche Mode for , shall we say , introducing interesting concepts to the bedroom . At least , that 's what one female fan said during the band 's recent panel promoting its13th album "  Delta Machine " at South by Southwest . The fan noted that the group 's music has helped , umm , set the romantic mood for some . Reminded of this , songwriter  and sometimes singer  Martin Gore chuckled . "  Yeah , that was funny , " he told CNN . "  Someone once said to us , ` Do you realize how many babies were conceived listening to ` Somebody ' ? ' " Could the band 's repertoire -- which includes songs such as "  Master and Servant "  with its pre - "  50 Shades of Grey " references to BDSM  , "  Strangelove , " "  Stripped , " and "  A Question of Lust , " -- have worked as an instructional manual for fans ? Gore 's songwriting at its "  Goriest " provided a sexual initiation of sorts into a world that blurred the lines between pain , pleasure , love , guilt , and sin . Sex "  is one of the themes I 've tackled over the years , because it 's something important , and it 's something I feel passionate about , " Gore said . "  But we were n't analyzing it . " Front man Dave Gahan 's vocals push the carnal implications , but when Gore added his own voice , it gave a layer of pensive , tortured tenderness . And though Gore might have pushed the sexual concepts visually -- appearing on stage in women 's lingerie , skirts , and bondage gear -- the message was a plea to "  understand me . " A deeper dig into the band 's lyrics over a 30 years also yields themes about world politics , socialism , racism and religion . But it was a pre-emo appeal to the alienated and introverted that made Depeche Mode a bridge between the industrial/electronic/goth and pop worlds , making them one of the largest arena acts still considered a cult band . "  I do n't know how we managed it , " Gore said , "  but we 're just outside the mainstream . We do n't sound like the mainstream . So even in areas where we 're extremely popular , we 're seen as more of an underground band . Even in Germany , where we 're one single away from having more top 10 singles than the Beatles , we 're still seen as a cult band , and we have that mystique about us . " Bands such as R  yksopp , Coldplay , Linkin Park , the Killers , and Arcade Fire all cite Depeche Mode as an influence . "  It 's incredible , " Gore said , citing his surprise at Susan Boyle 's cover of "  Enjoy the Silence . " His favorites of the covers of the band 's songs include the Smashing Pumpkins ' version of "  Never Let Me Down Again , " and the Johnny Cash version of "  Personal Jesus . " "  That was very special and unbelievable , " he said . "  I really did n't think that it was reality when that happened . Someone told me they heard it on the radio , and I said , ` No , you must be mistaken . ' " When Frank Ocean recently introduced himself as a super fan , Gore was happy to make his acquaintance . "  We happened to be in the same studio complex , and he was working downstairs with Alicia Keys , " Gore recalled . "  And toward the end of our session , he asked our engineer if he could come in and have a listen , so when we finished the song , he walked over and said hello . And then he said , ` I 've got a track , I 'd love to play it for you , I 've love for you to do something on it . ' And it was really good . " Gore stayed an extra day at the studio to add some material to the then-untitled track , which might find its way on Ocean 's next album . "  I have no idea whether he 'll actually use the pieces we did on there , but hopefully it will surface one day ! It sounded really good , " he said . Not a Depechie , however ? Simon Cowell . The reality show judge recently became a target when Gore criticized him , joking that Cowell should be shot for his crimes against pop music . Cowell , naturally , shot back with his own vitriol . In response to the fracas , a gun range in Las Vegas added a target of Cowell for anyone wishing to take up Gore 's suggestion . "  That 's funny , " Gore laughed . "  It was pleasantly reassuring to see how many people seemed to side with me ! " Gore 's songs usually start out in a simple style -- "  Enjoy the Silence , " for instance , originally was a stripped-down affair with Gore singing over an organ sound . "  It was meant to be pastoral , and Alan  Wilder  at the time had the idea to put a beat to it , " Gore recalled , laughing . "  I was like , ` What ?! That 's going against everything it 's saying ! ' But we tried it , and then I put the guitar riff on it , and then something magical happened , and it became the first or second most popular track we ever recorded . I guarantee you it would n't have been , if we had kept the harmonium version . " For the songs that Gahan wrote this time around , such as "  Broken , " the band altered them "  a bit more to fit the whole sonic picture of the album , " he said . And some songs , whether consciously or unconsciously , allude to the band 's entire sonic history -- a little bit of "  Personal Jesus " pokes through "  Soothe My Soul . " "  I keep going back to that Gary Glitter beat ! " Gore said . Depeche Mode is currently rehearsing in Los Angeles for its upcoming world tour . The European stadium leg kicks off May 7 through July 29 , with North America starting August 22 in Detroit and ending October 8 in Phoenix .	Depeche Mode has more than 30 years in the music industry Famous fans include Coldplay and Frank Ocean The group will soon kick off a tour
Billboard  One of the funnest parts of any award show is what happens over on the social streams . Many memes popped up during the 57th Grammy Awards on Sunday . Below are some of the best memes from the 2015 Grammys , including Rihanna and Iggy Azalea :	Iggy Azalea 's hair inspired many memes during the 2015 Grammys Also targeted : Rihanna and Kim Kardashian 's gowns
Paris  CNN  -- A man suspected in a series of attacks in Paris , including a shooting Monday at a daily newspaper , had written a "  confused " letter accusing journalists of being paid "  to make citizens swallow lies with a small spoon , " Paris prosecutor Francois Molins told reporters here Thursday . The letter was given to police by an acquaintance of the suspect , Abdelhakim Dekhar , Molins said . "  He attacks capitalism and the dehumanization of the suburbs , " the prosecutor added . Dekhar , who was born in 1965 and had lived in London for several years , was arrested Wednesday night after the acquaintance identified him as the man whose picture had been circulated by police as the suspect in the shooting on Monday of a 23-year-old photographer 's assistant at the daily newspaper Liberation in Paris . The assistant , who was shot twice in the chest , was recovering Thursday in a hospital , Molins said . The acquaintance , who met Dekhar 13 years ago in a London restaurant where they both worked , told police that he had accompanied Dekhar early Wednesday to an underground parking garage in the northwest suburb of Bois Colombes , and that Dekhar had told him he wanted to kill himself , Molins said . That evening , investigators found the man inside the garage -- "  half-conscious " after ingesting medication -- and took him to a Paris-area hospital , Molins said . Investigators also found a letter typed by Dekhar expressing his last wishes and medication , but did not find the weapon used in the shooting , Molins said . DNA samples linked him to bullet shell casings and a car that was seized Monday , the prosecutor said . That car had been carjacked near the Societe Generale bank towers in the Paris neighborhood of La Defense . Authorities also suspect that last Friday , Dekhar broke into BFMTV , a television news channel , and threatened journalists with a gun before fleeing . His record includes having served two four-year terms for other offenses , Molins said . Authorities were studying a 15-year-old psychiatric report on Dekhar to try to understand his motivation . "  He was not shown as being mad ; in fact there were no psychiatric abnormalities at the time -- it was just that the experts noted at the time , given his speech tendencies , of being obsessive , " Molins said . On Thursday , French President Francois Hollande said in a statement that Dekhar 's capture "  prevented the worst from happening again . " CNN 's Sandrine Amiel in Paris , Richard Greene in London and Tom Watkins and Ben Brumfield in Atlanta contributed to this report .	NEW : Journalists are paid to "  make citizens swallow lies with a small spoon , " letter says Police are studying a 15-year-old psychiatric report on suspect Abdelhakim Dekhar Dekhar allegedly shot a newspaper photographer in the chest He is also suspected in an attack last week on a French TV news station
New York  CNN  -- Newt Gingrich called President Obama "  the most radical president in American history " at the Southern Republican Leadership Conference last week . The leader of the 1994 Republican Revolution is a smart man and a historian , so he must know better . But he 's also exploring a run for president , an action that frequently suspends good judgment in pursuit of sound bites . Perspective is the first thing abandoned in hyper-partisan attacks . So here is a look at five presidents who , it could be argued , exceed Obama in the "  radical " sweepstakes .  Franklin D. Roosevelt : How about this for radical : a president who overturned the two-term precedent set by George Washington and ultimately won four terms in an era when dictators were in vogue worldwide . He also proposed expanding the Supreme Court to pack it with his own appointees , attempting to fundamentally alter the separation of powers . And his New Deal created the basis for the modern welfare state in the U.S. , whose apex under self-styled inheritor Lyndon Johnson provoked a backlash that ushered in a generation of conservative resurgence .  John Adams : The nation 's second president has been getting a well-deserved reappraisal , thanks to David McCullough 's magisterial biography . But Adams ' signing of the Alien and Sedition acts during the threat of war -- effectively outlawing anti-government dissent and curtailing freedom of speech and freedom of the press -- was a radically anti-democratic action and a black mark on this Founding Father 's otherwise honorable service to our nation .  Andrew Jackson : The man on the $ 20 bill was the original populist president , a general who fought Washington elites , British soldiers and native American tribes alike . Old Hickory 's wars with the Second National Bank , Congress and the Supreme Court were legendary . His native American removal policies rescinded previously agreed-upon treaties and brought about the infamous "  Trail of Tears " that led to the deaths of thousands .  Abraham Lincoln : Abolitionists accused Lincoln of being insufficiently radical because he pledged only to preserve the union at all costs . But his political opponents accused him of being radical because he wanted to stop the spread of slavery , and they spurred secession from the union soon after hearing of his election . It 's a reminder that exaggerated fear of change can lead to the rise of violent factions . During the Civil War , Lincoln suspended habeas corpus . He has become controversial again to some activists ; one panel at the Conservative Political Action Conference asked , "  Lincoln on Liberty : Friend or Foe ? "  George W. Bush : The Bush Doctrine reversed decades of American foreign policy by allowing pre-emptive invasions of foreign nations . In Iraq 's case , this was complicated by the fact that the dictator in question did not , in fact , have the weapons of mass destruction as advertised . Add to that Bush 's reluctance to actually pay for his wars directly , which resulted in his turning a hard-won surplus into a deficit , and you 've got what can be considered a radical affront to small-government conservative principles from a Republican president . Each of these presidents has his passionate defenders , and many are routinely listed among America 's greatest chief executives . Of course , plenty of other presidents could be added to this list : from Woodrow Wilson , who institutionalized segregation in the federal government , to Richard Nixon , whose "  Saturday Night Massacre " firing of his attorney general , Justice Department first deputy and independent special prosecutor created a constitutional crisis in the wake of Watergate . But you get the idea . None of the presidents are really radical in any global sense . Any all-good or all-bad analysis of American history always misses the big picture . And politics is history in the present tense . Yes , the past 16 months have seen unprecedented levels of government spending , intended to alleviate the economic crisis that was occurring when Obama took office . And although skyrocketing debts and deficits are dangerous if not addressed decisively in the near-term , Obama 's general approach to the office has been decidedly more center-left than radical left . Think Afghanistan , for example , where he has committed more troops to the war . Or his economic team , led by Clinton administration alumni and Wall Street veterans . Though many conservatives have called him a socialist , some liberals  and libertarian Republican Ron Paul  consider him a "  corporatist . " You ca n't be both a socialist and a corporatist at the same time . The larger issue is politics , plain and simple . Gingrich is trying to run for president . And red meat lines like "  the most radical president in American history " help keep him relevant in GOP circles . The real issue is less what Obama has done as president than who he is . Gingrich and most baby boomer conservatives have spent their professional lives running against the liberal excesses of the 1960s . It is engrained in their political DNA . And Obama looks like a child of the Great Society , an embodiment of the social changes of the 1960s . The more centrist his rhetoric , the more some conservatives are convinced that it 's all part of activist Saul Alinsky 's playbook : to sound reasonable but act radical . The problem is that this suspicion of Obama 's motives dooms any concept of common ground and poisons the well for bipartisan progress . You ca n't negotiate reasonably with a president when you 've convinced supporters that he is a threat to our constitutional republic . More broadly , we 've grown almost accustomed to these overheated attacks on the presidency . Obama Derangement Syndrome on the right -- of which Gingrich 's claim was a mild example -- was preceded by Bush Derangement Syndrome on the left , with protestors comparing W. to a Nazi and a terrorist . As a country , we have become accustomed to using fear and hate in the service of hyper-partisanship . We need to wake up to the fact that demonizing people we disagree with , and indulging in attempts to delegitimize a duly elected president from Day One , hurts us all as a nation . We can do better -- and we deserve better , especially from people who want to lead the nation themselves . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John P. Avlon .	Newt Gingrich called Barack Obama "  most radical president in American history " John Avlon says Gingrich does n't have his history straight He says FDR , Adams , Jackson , Lincoln , George W. Bush may have been more "  radical " Avlon : "  We 've grown almost accustomed to overheated attacks on presidency "
CNN  -- The separatist group behind a series of bombings on a Spanish vacation island marks the 50 year anniversary of its struggle this year , a milestone that sees it no closer to achieving its goal . Police cordon off the route leading to the location of the latest blasts in Palma de Mallorca . ETA , which is fighting for the independence of Spain 's northern Basque region , was said to be behind three bombs that detonated on the island of Mallorca on Sunday without hurting anyone . The latest incident appears to be part of a new wave of attacks , including another in Mallorca which killed two Civil Guard officers in July , which have left a 2006 cease-fire a distant memory . The violent resurgence also defies Spanish government claims that the group 's operational capabilities have been broken by a series of high profile arrests in Spain and France . ETA , blamed for more than 800 deaths and listed as a terrorist group by Spain the European Union and the United States , began campaigning for Basque independence in 1959 . The group , whose full name Euskadi Ta Askatasuna means "  Basque Homeland and Freedom " in the Basque language , killed what some say was its first victim in 1968 . Since then it waged a campaign of violence against the Spanish state , targeting politicians , policemen , judges and soldiers , often clocking up numerous civilian casualties with deadly car bombs . In 1980 alone ETA was blamed for 118 deaths , and in 1995 it nearly succeeded in assassinating Jose Maria Aznar , then leader of the opposition and later Spain 's prime minister . On September 16 , 1998 , the organization declared a "  unilateral and indefinite " cease-fire , raising hopes that its campaign was at an end . ETA called off the cease-fire in November 1999 , however , and 2000 saw a sharp escalation in violence . Another unilateral cease-fire was declared in March 2005 , with ETA raising hopes for a lasting peace by declaring it "  permanent . " It was called off by ETA in June 2006 following numerous more ETA attacks . At the center of the struggle is a region know as Euskal Herria in Basque . The area straddles the western end of the Pyrenees , covering 20,664 square kilometers in northern Spain and southern France . See map of territory claimed by Basque separatists Spain officially recognizes three Basque provinces , Alava , Guipuzcoa and Vizcaya . A fourth neighboring province , Navarra , is of Basque heritage . Separatists consider these four provinces plus three in France -- Basse Navarre , Labourd and Soule -- as the Basque country , with a population approaching 3 million . The area has always possessed a fiercely independent instinct . The Basque people are the oldest indigenous ethnic group in Europe and have lived uninterrupted in the same region since the beginning of recorded history . Their language , Euskera , which is spoken regularly by about 40 percent of Basque inhabitants , bears no relation to any other Indo-European tongue and dates back to before the Romans arrived in Spain . For many centuries the Basques of Spain enjoyed a strong degree of autonomy . The Basque region 's hilly landscape helped keep its people isolated from outside influences . In the Spanish Civil War , two Basque provinces -- Guipuzcoa and Viscaya -- fought against Gen. Francisco Franco , while the provinces of Alava and Navarra fought for Franco . Under Franco 's dictatorship  1939-75  , most of the Basque region had its remaining autonomy rescinded . Its culture , people and language were suppressed . ETA and its demands for an independent Basque state arose in 1959 in the midst of this suppression . ETA has focused its activities on the Spanish side of the border . For many years France provided a safe haven for ETA members , a situation that began to change in the mid-1980s . The organization has financed its campaign through kidnapping , bank robbery and a so-called "  revolutionary tax " on Basque businesses -- a payment widely regarded as plain extortion . According to the counter-terrorism office of the U.S. State Department , ETA members received training in Libya , Lebanon and Nicaragua , while the group also enjoyed close links with the Irish Republican Army . The Good Friday peace accord influenced ETA to call its cease-fire in 1998 .	Basque separatist group ETA formed in 1959 began violent campaign in 1968 Most recent cease-fire collapsed in 2007 despite pledges of permanence Group blamed for more than 800 deaths , including many civilians
Savar , Bangladesh  CNN  -- A week after a building containing thousands of Bangladeshi garment workers came crashing down around them , the death toll from the South Asian nation 's deadliest industrial disaster rose above 400 . Workers using heavy machinery are gradually picking apart the huge , splintered slabs of concrete at the scene of the collapse in Savar , a suburb of the capital , Dhaka . They continue to find and remove bodies , many of them decomposed and difficult to recognize . Meanwhile , throngs of mourners attended a funeral for 32 unidentified victims whose bodies were unclaimed . And Pope Francis , speaking at a Mass on Wednesday , referred to the building collapse in a sharp condemnation of worker exploitation and "  slave labor . " "  Not paying a just  wage  , not providing work , focusing exclusively on the balance books , on financial statements , only looking at making personal profit . That goes against God ! " he said , quoted on the Vatican Radio website . The collapse of the building has caused widespread anger among Bangladesh 's millions of garment workers about the risky conditions in which many of them must work . Anger in Bangladesh focuses on building owner , rejection of aid Frequent protests , some of them involving violent clashes with police , have taken place in Dhaka and nearby manufacturing districts since the disaster . On Wednesday , when workers around the world were holding May Day rallies , thousands of Bangladeshis took to the streets once again , although no clashes were initially reported . As trucks carrying rubble leave the scene of the catastrophe , people search desperately for missing relatives crowd around them , wanting to make sure they 're not mistakenly taking away the bodies of their loved ones , said Maj. Gen. Hassan Sarwardy , the military official leading the recovery efforts . There was confusion earlier about exactly how many people were still unaccounted for in the collapse , Sarwardy said at a news briefing Wednesday . Authorities were waiting for the Bangladesh Garments Manufacturers and Exporters Association to provide a list of all the people who were inside the five garment factories in the building when it caved in , he said . When that information was obtained , Sarwardy said it appeared about 149 people were still missing . "  It is very unlikely that someone is still alive under the rubble on the seventh day of the building collapse ... but the almighty Allah knows better , " the military official said . Authorities say the number of people confirmed dead so far is 412 , while 2,443 people have been recovered alive , according to the official Bangladesh State News Agency . And so , the search for the human remains still entombed within the ruins goes on amid the stench of death that pervades the site . Those involved in the search are using face masks and cans of air freshener to try to block out the smell , and electronic sensors and sniffer dogs to try to find the bodies . Col. Shayekh Jaman , one of the officials involved in the operation , said Wednesday that he believed the grueling , painstaking efforts could continue for about 10 more days . "  It is a delicate and time-consuming operation , but we are doing everything we can , " he said . After building collapse , Shahina 's death breaks rescuers ' hearts Lost relatives Meanwhile , hundreds of people such as Sheikh Nasir Uddin are left in limbo . At the school playground in Savar where bodies recovered from the wreckage are initially brought for identification , Uddin said he had being looking for his nephew , Abul Kalam Azad , for the past week . He said visits to all the hospitals in Savar and Dhaka where the injured and the dead were taken had proved fruitless . "  Nobody can tell me about my nephew , who was working at an apparel factory in the building , " he said . Much of the rage voiced in protests has been directed at Sohel Rana , the owner of the building , who was arrested near the Indian border over the weekend . Protesters have called for him to be hanged . Rana and the owners of the factories in his building have been accused of ordering workers to enter the premises on the day of the collapse , despite the discovery of large cracks the day before . Americans face tough choices over Bangladesh The Bangladeshi government is also coming under criticism for lax enforcement of safety regulations in factories and claims by Britain and the United Nations that it refused offers of help with rescue efforts . Home Minister Mahiuddin Khan Alamgir said Tuesday that the rejection was because Bangladesh had only wanted equipment to be sent , not the additional search and rescue experts offered by the outside agencies . EU considers trade action In a sign of the growing international pressure on Dhaka to improve labor conditions , the European Union said Tuesday that it was considering trade action against Bangladesh . The statement carries weight , since the EU is Bangladesh 's largest trade partner . The Bangladeshi government said this week that it would begin inspecting the safety and security of all garment factories in the country . Major Western retailers and clothing brands , some of which sourced products from the factories in the collapsed building , are also facing difficult questions about how closely they scrutinize working conditions at their suppliers . "  We understand that businesses operating in this building appear to have links to numerous companies in the U.S. and Europe and so we 'll continue to engage with U.S. companies to discuss what role they can play in improving working conditions , including in Bangladesh , " U.S. State Department spokesman Patrick Ventrell said Wednesday . The catastrophic building collapse happened about five months after a fire at Tazreen Fashions Factory , a garment maker in another suburb of Dhaka , killed at least 112 people . Who really pays for our cheap clothes ? CNN 's Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong , and journalist Farid Ahmed reported from Savar . CNN 's Elizabeth Joseph in Hong Kong and Zarifmo Aslamshoyeva in Atlanta contributed to this report .	NEW : Mourners attend a funeral for 32 unidentified victims Officials say 412 people have been confirmed dead , 2,443 recovered alive A military official says about 149 people are still missing Pope Francis condemns worker exploitation and "  slave labor " in a Mass
CNN  -- Portugal is eliminating four holidays to try to boost its economy , the government announced -- but only after getting the agreement of the Vatican . The economically struggling European country will stop giving workers a day off for Corpus Christi and All Saints ' Day , starting next year , the government said . It will also eliminate two civil holidays to be fair , the statement said Tuesday . The center-right government thanked the Holy See and the Portuguese Bishops ' Conference for their "  constructive approach " to the negotiations . Portugal and the Vatican will re-evaluate the agreement in five years , the government said . Economy ministry spokesman Hugo Soares declined to say how cutting the holidays would boost the economy . The opposition Socialists and Communists did not immediately respond to CNN requests for comment . Portugal , a largely Catholic country , is struggling with recession and debt . Along with the economies of Greece , Italy , Ireland and Spain , its economy is a cause for concern across the 17 countries that use the euro as their currency .	Portugal 's government consults the Holy See before canceling vacation days The Vatican agrees to the elimination of Corpus Christi and All Saints ' Day Two civil holidays will also be cut , the government says Portugal is trying to boost its struggling economy
Authorities are on the hunt for a suspected serial bank robber after he struck again this month after a nearly two-year hiatus . The suspect is said to have held up the First Nebraska Bank in Nebraska City , Nebraska , on August 22 . He 's wanted in connection to a string of other robberies -- in Idaho , Washington and California in 2012 -- including one where he shot a police officer . "  We want to make everybody aware of how violent this individual is . He 's not afraid to pull the trigger . He 's already shot a police officer , so anybody who gives him any resistance , he 's not afraid to act , " Detective Carlos Dominguez , with the Chino , California , police department , told reporters Sunday . The suspect , dubbed the "  AK-47 Bandit , " stormed the bank in Nebraska with an assault style rifle and a black duffel bag , according to the FBI . He emptied the front drawers before ordering all employees to the vault area . He told one to take money from the safe . Authorities have linked him to the other robberies because of certain similarities , said FBI Omaha Special Agent in Charge Thomas Metz . The suspect carries a weapon that appears to be an AK-47 , or something similar . He has distinct blue eyes , wears a black mask , a ballistic vest and gloves . He 's believed to be white , about 5 feet , 9 inches tall and weighs somewhere between 175 and 200 pounds . There is a $ 100,000 reward for information leading to his capture .	The suspect held up a bank in Nebraska on August 22 He 's being tied to a string of earlier robberies in Idaho , Washington and California Authorities say he 's armed and dangerous
WIRED  -- It 's too late to stop WikiLeaks from publishing thousands more classified documents , nabbed from the Pentagon 's secret network . But the U.S. military is telling its troops to stop using CDs , DVDs , thumb drives and every other form of removable media -- or risk a court martial . Maj. Gen. Richard Webber , commander of Air Force Network Operations , issued the December 3 "  Cyber Control Order " -- obtained by Danger Room -- which directs airmen to "  immediately cease use of removable media on all systems , servers , and stand alone machines residing on SIPRNET , " the Defense Department 's secret network . Similar directives have gone out to the military 's other branches . "  Unauthorized data transfers routinely occur on classified networks using removable media and are a method the insider threat uses to exploit classified information . To mitigate the activity , all Air Force organizations must immediately suspend all SIPRNET data transfer activities on removable media , " the order adds . It 's one of a number of moves the Defense Department is making to prevent further disclosures of secret information in the wake of the WikiLeaks document dumps . Pfc. Bradley Manning says he downloaded hundreds of thousands of files from SIPRNET to a CD marked "  Lady Gaga " before giving the files to WikiLeaks . To stop that from happening again , an August internal review suggested that the Pentagon disable all classified computers ' ability to write to removable media . About 60 percent of military machines are now connected to a Host Based Security System , which looks for anomalous behavior . And now there 's this disk-banning order . One military source who works on these networks says it will make the job harder ; classified computers are often disconnected from the network , or are in low-bandwidth areas . A DVD or a thumb drive is often the easiest way to get information from one machine to the next . "  They were asking us to build homes before , " the source says . "  Now they 're taking away our hammers . " The order acknowledges that the ban will make life trickier for some troops . "  Users will experience difficulty with transferring data for operational needs which could impede timeliness on mission execution , " the document admits . But "  military personnel who do not comply ... may be punished under Article 92 of the Uniformed Code of Military Justice . " Article 92 is the armed forces ' regulation covering failure to obey orders and dereliction of duty , and it stipulates that violators "  shall be punished as a court-martial may direct . " But to several Defense Department insiders , the steps taken so far to prevent another big secret data dump have been surprisingly small . "  After all the churn ... . The general perception is business as usual . I 'm not kidding , " one of those insiders says . "  We have n't turned a brain cell on it . " Tape and disk backups , as well as hard drive removals , will continue as normal in the military 's Secure Compartmented Information Facilities , where top-secret information is discussed and handled . And removable drives have been banned on SIPRNET before . Two years ago , the Pentagon forbade the media 's use after the drives and disks helped spread a relatively unsophisticated worm onto hundreds of thousands of computers . The ban was lifted this February , after the worm cleanup effort , dubbed "  Operational Buckshot Yankee , " was finally completed . Shortly thereafter , Manning says he started passing information to WikiLeaks . Specialists at the National Security Agency are looking for additional technical ways to limit , disable or audit military users ' actions . Darpa , the Pentagon 's leading-edge research arm , has launched an effort to "  greatly increase the accuracy , rate and speed with which insider threats are detected ... within government and military interest networks . " But , like all Darpa projects , this one wo n't be ready to deploy for years -- if ever . For now , the Pentagon is stuck with more conventional methods to WikiLeak-proof its networks . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	U.S. military is telling its troops to stop using CDs , DVDs , thumb drives Defense Department making moves to prevent disclosures of secret info One military source who works on these networks says it will make the job harder
CNN  -- One smiles for the camera , another appears defiant , while a third looks serene . They all look straight into the camera . Their confessions are blunt and candid -- it 's a relatively new strategy used by Mexican authorities . Under pressure to show results from a nationwide offensive against organized crime , the Mexican government has been releasing videos of high-profile interrogations . Most of the subjects are suspected drug lords who have been recently captured and are in jail awaiting trial . The new approach comes nearly five years into President Felipe Calderon 's term . By some estimates , more than 40,000 people have died since he took office in December 2006 and launched the drug offensive . As his strategy has become unpopular with many in Mexico , his administration has been pressured to respond to the criticism and show the results of his efforts : more than 20 of the country 's 37 most-wanted criminals killed or captured since March 2009 . Jose de Jesus Mendez Vargas , also known as "  The Monkey , " is a reputed co-founder and co-leader of the Mexican drug cartel known as "  La Familia . " In his video interrogation , he explains what kind of men his cartel recruited as operatives . "  We would choose  young men who did n't do drugs , who had a good profile , and who were good to the full extent of the word , that did things right , and who did n't kidnap people , " Mendez says . La Familia announced its creation in 2006 in the Mexican state of Michoacan by tossing five severed human heads onto a dance floor . Jose Antonio Acosta Hernandez , also known as "  El Diego , " was the reputed leader of "  La Linea , " a gang of enforcers for the Juarez Cartel in the Mexican state of Chihuahua . In his video interrogation , he admits that he was the mastermind of an attack against federal police officers using a car bomb . "  We kidnapped an individual who belonged to the Sinaloa Cartel ; we killed him , and dressed him with a local police uniform . He was thrown at an intersection right next to a vehicle with explosives and somebody activated the explosives remotely with a cell phone , " Acosta said . He also says he gave the order to kill U.S. consular employee Leslie Enriquez and her husband , Arthur Redelfs , as well as 15 young people at a house party in Mexico 's murder capital , Ciudad Juarez , just across the border from El Paso , Texas . "  Since they were all minors , there was a lot of commotion , and , yes , honestly , some of them were innocent , " Acosta says . Jesus Enrique Rejon Aguilar , aka "  El Mamito , " was a former Special Forces officer who allegedly deserted to join the cartel known as "  Los Zetas . " He admits he owned as many as five so-called "  narco tanks " or "  monsters , " custom-made armored trucks with swiveling turrets and reinforced steel battering rams . In a revealing moment , he tells his interrogator the thing that he regrets the most . "  Is there anybody you would want to ask for forgiveness ? I mean , for your actions , for what you did , if you failed somebody , your children , your family ? " his interrogator asks . Rejon responds : "  Oh , my mother . Because of this I have n't seen her in about 17 years . ... It 's hard ... it 's cruel , but that 's the way it is . " Despite the offensive , however , violence has continued unabated as the remaining drug cartel leaders fight turf and succession wars , especially in such border states as Chihuahua and Tamaulipas that have traditionally been transit points for drug shipments headed for the United States .	Mexican authorities have begun releasing interrogation videos Most of the subjects are suspected drug lords awaiting trial Government has been under pressure to show results of drug offensive
Financial Times  -- The increasing amount of personal information that can been gleaned by computer programs that track how people use Facebook has been revealed by an extensive academic study . Such programmes can discern undisclosed private information such as Facebook users ' sexuality , drug-use habits and even whether their parents separated when they were young , according to the study by Cambridge university academics . In one of the biggest studies of its kind , scientists from the university 's psychometrics team and a Microsoft-funded research centre analysed data from 58,000 Facebook users to predict traits and other information that were not provided in their profiles . The algorithms were 88 per cent accurate in predicting male sexual orientation , 95 per cent for race and 80 per cent for religion and political leanings . Personality types and emotional stability were also predicted with accuracy ranging from 62-75 per cent . Facebook declined to comment . The study highlights growing concerns about social networks and how data trails can be mined for sensitive information , even when people attempt to keep information about themselves private . Less than 5 per cent of users predicted to be gay , for example , were connected with explicitly gay groups . Michal Kosinksi , one of the report 's authors , told the Financial Times that the university 's techniques could easily be replicated by companies to infer personal attributes a person did not wish to share , such as sexual orientation or political views : "  We used very simple and generic methods . Marketing companies and internet companies could spend much more time and resources , and hence get much higher accuracy than we did . " Last week , the EU agreed to water down proposals for a radical overhaul of data privacy regulation . The move reflects governments ' reluctance to impede internet businesses that might spur economic growth , and follows fierce lobbying from technology companies including Facebook and Google . Personal data has become big business . Wonga , the UK online lender , makes credit judgments within seconds based on thousands of pieces of information , including an applicant 's Facebook profile . Tesco , the supermarket chain , this month started to use its customers ' shopping histories to sell targeted online advertising . The report also revealed some unexpected correlations -- such as people who liked ` curly fries ' having higher IQs , while those who like Facebook 's "  Sliding on Floors With Your Socks On " page were unlikely to use drugs . Mr Kosinski said , however , that the study was not designed to discourage online sharing : "  I would discourage people from abstaining from the technology -- the milk is to some extent already spilt and there 's a lot of information about you online anyway . I would suggest raising privacy settings and exerting consumer pressure by trying to use the services that are protecting your privacy best . "  The Financial Times Limited 2013	Computer programs can discern personal details based on Facebook use Cambridge university academics assessed data from 58,000 Facebook users The techniques could easily be replicated by companies Some unexpected correlations : people who liked ` curly fries ' had higher IQs
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic ended Roger Federer 's hopes of a second successive Australian Open title with a thrilling victory in their semifinal on Thursday night . The Serbian third seed won 7-6  7-3  7-5 6-4 in Melbourne to set up a final against either British fifth seed Andy Murray or Spain 's No. 7 David Ferrer , who play on Friday . Djokovic beat Federer in straight sets at the same stage on his way to winning the 2008 title in Melbourne , which was his first and only grand slam success so far . "  He puts a lot of pressure on you , so I tried to stay to the last moment and really it was one of the best matches I 've played in a while , " the 23-year-old told the crowd after the match . "  I had to take my chances . In the second set I was a break up and in 20 minutes I was 5-2 down , so if I had lost that set God knows which direction the match would go . " Tennis will miss the elegance of Henin Second seed Federer had been hoping to extend his record 16 major crowns following main rival Rafael Nadal 's quarterfinal defeat to compatriot Ferrer on Wednesday . "  Novak was the better player tonight , I 've got to accept that and move on , " Federer said . "  It 's not the end , anyway . I wish I could have won here for the fifth time , but it was impossible tonight . " He and Nadal have won 21 of the past 23 grand slams between them , a run broken only by Djokovic and Argentina 's Juan Martin Del Potro at the 2009 U.S. Open . The 2008 Melbourne final was the last grand slam not to feature either Nadal or Federer . The Swiss player struggled to stem Djokovic 's aggressive assault on Thursday , and uncharacteristically struggled with his serve . He saved three match-points in the final game , but his resistance ended with a tame return into the net to finish a match lasting three hours . "  I can move on from this with a good mindset , to be honest , " Federer told reporters . "  That 's what 's important right now , that I do n't feel like I have physical issues or I 'm not playing the right way and whatever . So I 'm really positive about what 's ahead of me . "	Novak Djokovic beats world No. 2 Roger Federer in Australian Open semifinals Third seed triumphs 7-6  7-3  7-5 6-4 to end Swiss superstar 's title reign Serbian will play either fifth seed Andy Murray or David Ferrer in Sunday 's final He is seeking to win the tournament for the second time to follow up 2008 success
Yosemite National Park , California  CNN  -- Susan Loesch and Curtis Evans just started settling into their second home in California 's Sierra foothills a few months ago . Now , they 're worried it could go up in smoke as a massive wildfire spreads . "  This is kind of a little paradise up here for us . ... To think this would all be gone would be devastating , " Evans told CNN Sunday . Cradling their chihuahua , Cuervo , they prepared to leave the area on Sunday as more than 2,800 crew members struggled to corral the sprawling Rim Fire , which had devoured nearly 134,000 acres . "  It 's scary , " Loesch said . "  You worry about the firefighters being on the line . ... It 's overwhelming . " The wildfire , which remained 7 % contained , was spreading primarily to the northeast and east and threatened to grow amid extremely dry conditions and hot weather . After days of battling the blaze , things were looking up on Sunday , said Vickie Wright , a spokeswoman for the U.S. Forest Service . "  We 're a long way from complete , " she said , "  but at least our boots on the ground are getting a better handle on it . " A top priority is stopping the fire from spreading further in Yosemite National Park . Yosemite fire : Blaze spreads to national park "  The park is a national treasure , " she said , "  so no matter what it takes , we 're going to do everything in our power to protect that park . " While the Rim Fire had consumed 12,000 acres in the northwest section of the park by Saturday , so far it has had little or no direct impact on Yosemite Valley , a popular spot for tourists and home to many of the famous cliffs and waterfalls in the park . About 4,500 structures , many of them vacation homes , were under threat , according to InciWeb , a federal website that collects information from agencies such as the U.S. Forest Service and Bureau of Land Management . Several helicopters and air tankers were aiding firefighting efforts . The inferno threatened the Yosemite gateway communities of Groveland and Pine Mountain Lake just outside the Stanislaus National Forest . The Tuolumne County Sheriff 's Office , meanwhile , issued evacuation advisories for the town of Tuolumne and nearby Ponderosa Hill , according to InciWeb . It was not clear how many residents were covered by the evacuation advisory . Authorities say the Rim Fire started on August 17 . The cause is under investigation . Yosemite spokesman Scott Gediman told CNN on Saturday that the Rim Fire 's impact was restricted to a park entrance closure at Highway 120 West and a backcountry section used by hikers . The park typically has 15,000 visitors on a busy summer weekend . August sees an influx of visitors from other countries , a few of whom have called to check on conditions . Still , there 's little indication so far it 's keeping many people away . Ranger programs went on as normal Saturday and campgrounds were full . "  If somebody cancels , there are 10 people that will take their spot , " said Gediman . Yosemite , with hundreds of campground sites and lodging units , had nearly 4 million visitors last year , according to the National Park Service . What you need to know about wildfires CNN 's Nick Valencia reported from Yosemite National Park and Catherine E. Shoichet and Phil Gast reported and wrote in Atlanta . CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	Evacuating residents say they 're worried about their homes Official : "  We 're going to do everything in our power to protect " Yosemite The Rim Fire has burned nearly 134,000 acres in California The fire threatens to grow amid extremely dry conditions and hot weather
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A painting by Adolf Hitler sold for almost $ 15,000 Thursday -- more than six times as much as expected . Part of Hitler 's oil painting "  Rural Houses and Trees " The watercolor was one of 15 items of Hitler art being sold at auction . Together , the artworks by the Nazi leader fetched almost $ 120,000 . They had expected to raise just under $ 50,000 , auction house Mullock 's of Shropshire estimated . Many of the pictures were on the market because one of the sellers wanted money to install a new central heating system in his house , a spokesman for the auction house said . Watch the bidding on Hitler 's paintings " "  The watercolors came from a collector who is a regular vendor of ours , " said Richard Westwood-Brookes , a historical documents expert at Mullock 's . "  He 'd forgotten about them for years . He found them in his garage . " He refused to disclose the identity of the seller , as a matter of policy . Thirteen watercolors were expected to fetch $ 580 to $ 2,200 apiece , while the lone small oil painting was estimated at up to $ 30,000 , the auctioneer estimates . All of the watercolors shattered expectations -- 12 of them selling for between $ 4,400 and $ 9,000 . The remaining watercolor -- a 1910 painting showing a figure sitting on a stone bridge -- fetched almost $ 15,000 . There has been speculation that the figure was a depiction of Hitler himself . The oil painting sold at only almost $ 20,000 . A pencil sketch signed "  A Hitler 1914 " went for almost $ 4,700 , beating the auctioneer 's estimate of up to $ 3,700 . An easel thought to have belonged to Hitler sold for nearly $ 15,000 , having been expected to bring $ 2,900 to $ 5,800 . An anonymous bidder purchased it by phone . Hitler dreamed of being an artist as a young man , and although he failed to get into the Vienna Academy of Arts , he supported himself by painting watercolors for several years before World War I , according the Holocaust Encyclopedia of the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum . The auction also includes dozens of items related to Hitler 's time as leader of Nazi Germany -- including documents from concentration camps where those deemed "  undesirable " by the Nazis were imprisoned , sterilized and murdered . Approximately 6 million Jews were killed in Nazi death camps , alongside millions of political prisoners , homosexuals , Gypsies and others . "  Who would want to have in their house a painting by the most horrible murderer in the history of mankind ? " asked Rabbi Marvin Hier , dean of the Simon Wiesenthal Center which aims to fight anti-Semitism . "  Any individual that would buy it to hang in their homes should be ashamed of themselves . " Hier said he did not object to Holocaust-related documents being auctioned "  if their purpose is to wind up in research institutions , " noting his own organization had obtained "  important documents " that way . Westwood-Brookes defended the sale of Nazi memorabilia . "  It 's just as much as part of the Second World War as photographs of  Winston  Churchill , " the British prime minister during the war . "  It 's something that happened and you ca n't ignore it . " He said he hoped buyers would preserve items such as a teenage girl 's registration document for the notorious Auschwitz concentration camp , where approximately 1 million people were murdered . "  The intention is that people will acquire this material and make sure it is preserved for future generations to study , " Westwood-Brookes said . The buyers could be "  anybody and everybody , " he said . "  There are many , many collectors of Second World War memorabilia all around the world , " he added . "  Some people would n't want it , " he admitted , but some would , "  mainly because they want something to do with a famous person in history . In this case it happens to be Hitler , but in another sale it might be Churchill or Gandhi . " "  I do n't take any moral position " on the sale of Hitler-related artifacts , he said . "  You ca n't say this guy was a bad guy , so I wo n't sell his memorabilia , this guy was a good guy so I will sell his . If you do that , where do you stop ? " The Hitler paintings came from three sources , Westwood-Brookes said , describing them as "  people who had collected them over the years . " "  The rest of the stuff has come in from all sorts of sources -- dealers who acquire stuff and sell stuff from other auction houses or private sources , members of the public who find something in the attic , and collectors , who are constantly changing their collections and selling off that bit that they do n't want in order to buy stuff that they do . "	Hitler collection sells at auction for almost $ 120,000 One painting sold for almost $ 15,000 -- more than six times the expected price Auction in Shropshire , England includes Nazi memorabilia
Forget selfies . Those are so 2013 . Make way , instead , for a new way so show your handsome , or lovely , mug to the Internet -- a budding Web movement that combines high-tech geekery with the human desire to be seen . Call them "  dronies . " As personal drones find their way into more and more hands , folks have begun using the personal , unmanned aircraft , kitted out with video cameras , to add a little flare to the Internet 's ubiquitous "  look at me " self-shots . "  Let 's be honest , selfies are n't going anywhere , " said Alexandra Dao , a community development manager at video site Vimeo . "  But the dramatic reveal aspect adds another level of interest . " There may be no such thing as a "  dronie expert " just yet . But Dao does claim the distinction of coining the term . About two months ago , she saw that a friend had commented on a video posted to the site by tech entrepreneur Amit Gupta . It was shot on San Francisco 's Bernal Hill , starting with a closeup of Gupta and two friends , then panning up and out to show the San Fran skyline . The friend "  proclaimed it a new kind of shot , " she said , "  and I jumped in with the suggestion of ` dronie ' . " A few more dronies popped up the following day , leading Dao to begin collecting them on a new Vimeo channel . From there , it started the march to becoming a Web trend . A Web trend with a silly name ? Sure . But , hey ... it 's no "  owling . " iReport : Remote aerial photography Twitter got into the action last month . At the Cannes Lions advertising festival in France , the social-media service garnered some free publicity using drones to create scenic Vine videos of employees with other festival attendees . The first was of "  Star Trek " actor and social-media star Patrick Stewart , who appears in a new Twitter documentary . Twitter 's not alone . As these things go , some early Web celebs are emerging in the dronie world . The Works family , Josh , Jessa and their son , Jack , sold all their stuff and took off on a permanent road trip in their Airstream bus in 2011 .  Both parents have jobs that let them work from anywhere  . They 're documenting the trip with often stunning photos on Instagram and , somewhere along the way , got their own drone . Voila ! The "  first family " of dronies is born . There was the one three weeks ago from Camp Creek in Oregon , where the drone flies up to showcase the towering trees in the site 's old-growth forest . Or their first , a vertigo-inducing zoom-out on Vance Creek Bridge in Washington , the second-highest built bridge in the United States . It remains to be seen whether dronies will become just another flash in the pan on the fast-twitch Web , or a more enduring Web presence like the venerable animated GIF . Dao says she 's seeing some momentum . "  I 've definitely noticed more interest in using drones for photography and filmmaking , even amongst my friends , " she said . "  Drones just open up so many possibilities for interesting compositions and they 're a lot more accessible than some of the professional equipment that filmmakers have had to use in the past to get these kinds of shots . "	A new breed of selfie -- the "  dronie " -- is hitting the Web Drone owners are using the aircraft to show themselves The term "  dronie " was coined on video site Vimeo One family shares drone video from their nationwide trip
Madrid  CNN  Spain 's former King Juan Carlos , 77 , will face a paternity lawsuit -- by a Belgian woman alleging that he 's her father -- before the nation 's Supreme Court , a 12-judge panel ruled Wednesday . The court accepted the case for study , two court spokeswomen told CNN . The royal household affirmed its "  respect " for judicial decisions but declined further comment . The plaintiff is Ingrid Sartiau , 48 , who lives near Brussels . Sartiau alleges that her mother and the married Juan Carlos had a relationship in late 1965 , and she was born , as a result , in August 1966 , said her attorney , Jaume Pararols . He became Spain 's King and head of state in 1975 after the death of the dictator Francisco Franco . Juan Carlos abdicated in June in favor of his son , King Felipe VI , who was born in 1968 . While the court agreed to take Sartiau 's claim for study , it rejected a separate paternity suit against the former King brought by a Spanish man . For a paternity claim to be accepted , a petitioner must submit documentation , such as a photo or a letter , offering evidence of a relationship that involved Juan Carlos , the court spokeswomen said . Sartiau 's mother is alive and willing to testify , the lawyer , Pararols , told CNN by phone from his office in a town north of Barcelona . "  We would like to reach a settlement . My client never wanted it to get to this point , " Pararols said . The plaintiff has asked the court to require a DNA test for the former King , who has 20 days to make an initial response to the lawsuit . Juan Carlos no longer has immunity from prosecution , but he has protection that permits cases against him to be heard only by the Supreme Court , which is Spain 's second highest , after the Constitutional Court .	A court will study a paternity lawsuit brought against the former King of Spain A woman from Belgium alleges Juan Carlos had a relationship with her mother
CNN  -- The Italian and French governments were both trying to defuse an escalating diplomatic row Monday after France refused entry to a train carrying North African migrants from Italy . Italy complained to France on Sunday after authorities blocked a train with Tunisian migrants from the border city of Ventimiglia entering Menton on the Cote d'Azur . The Tunisians had been issued resident permits by Italy , allowing them to travel freely in many European countries . French Interior Minister Claude Gueant said Monday in Bucharest that France did not want any continuing tensions with Rome regarding the train incident . Gueant said Rome 's decision to give temporary resident permits to more than 25,000 Tunisian migrants arriving in Italy since January had been "  heavily contested by many countries in the European Union . " Some 300 French and Italian protestors from a group named "  Train for dignity , " were also aboard the train in a show of support for the 60 Tunisians who were hoping to enter France . Gueant said that although France accepted this decision , there were conditions - namely that the migrants had to prove they could support themselves financially . Since the mass political unrest started in North Africa and other Arab states in January , a large number people have fled Tunisia and Libya to Europe , where governments have been trying to prevent a refugee crisis . Italy 's coast guard said at least 1,623 migrants landed on the island of Lampedusa over a 24-hour period in mid-March alone . Italy 's foreign minister has estimated that as many as 300,000 Libyans could try to leave and could potentially end up in his country . Medecins Sans Frontieres said Saturday that it had evacuated nearly 100 people by boat from Misrata in Libya and on Monday the UK Department for International Development  DFID  said that it would help 5,000 migrants trapped by fighting in western Libya . The DFID said # 1.5 million  $ 2.43 million  would be made available to charter ships to get people out of the rebel-held town of Misrata and transfer them to Benghazi . Andrew Mitchell , the UK International Development Secretary , said his department would help fund their evacuation in ships chartered by the International Organization for Migration , which says the majority of unauthorized immigrants arriving in Lampedusa are Tunisian . Italy for its part has issued temporary resident permits to thousands of Tunisian migrants and the country on Sunday said it was angered after trains were stopped at the border for around six hours until traffic resumed later that evening . However , at a briefing with journalists Monday , a spokesman for the Italian Foreign Minister Maurizio Massari , tried to play down the issue : "  The situation was clarified and the incident resolved yesterday  Sunday  . On the immigration issue , there is a continuous dialogue taking place between the Interior Ministers of the two countries to deal with the problem . We are working together . There is no tension . We are working together to find steps to take to solve the immigration problem . ' According to a spokesman for the French Interior Ministry the border was never closed but circulation was "  temporarily halted in order to avoid any risk of an accident , " because of an unauthorized protest in support of the Tunisian migrants . Claude Gueant insisted that France had respected the Schengen agreements to the letter and a first analysis by the European commission on Monday showed that France 's decision to stop the trains was in line with the Schengen rules . The Schengen agreement allows people to travel between 25 European countries without the need of a passport . CNN 's Saskya Vandoorne , Hada Messia and Thair Shaikh contributed to this report .	France refused entry to a train carrying North African migrants from Italy Tunisians had been issued permits by Italy , allowing them to enter France Italian foreign minister estimates 300,000 Libyans could leave country Schengen agreement allows people to travel freely between 25 European
CNN  -- A tour bus driver has been confirmed dead , while hopes dimmed for possible survivors of rock slides unleashed by Typhoon Megi last week in Taiwan . Tour bus driver Tsai Chih-ming , 19 Chinese tourists and a Chinese tour leader went missing Thursday along the Suhua Highway , in northeast Taiwan . Sections of the scenic highway , which is perched along a cliff on the island 's eastern coast , gave way . Tsai 's remains were positively matched with a DNA sample from his daughter , official Taiwanese media said Tuesday . Identification is pending for several other sets of remains that have been found . Confirmation of the driver 's death brought Megi 's death toll to 14 in Taiwan , its Central News Agency said . The typhoon injured nearly 100 others on the island last week . Family members of the missing Chinese tourists have asked Taiwanese officials to expand the search , hoping to at least find remains . Three dozen family members arrived on the island from southern China on Monday night . "  I was expecting to see my sister alive two days ago , but the chance of finding anybody alive is dim , " Zhou Lifang said of missing tourist Zhou Suhua . "  But I 'm still waiting for my sister , no matter herself or her body , " she told China 's state-run Xinhua news agency . "  The rescue team should expand its search areas . " The Taiwanese military has deployed helicopters , patrol boats and divers as part of search efforts . The navy was weighing whether to also dispatch a mine sweeper to further the search , the Central News Agency said . "  I 'm moved by local rescue workers , because they are risking their lives to search for the missing , " said missing tourist Wu Rika 's sister-in-law , Zhao Hongbing . "  But from what I saw today , I think the local rescue authorities should mobilize more people and use more large machinery . I do n't know when we can see our relatives with the current rescue force , " she told Xinhua . Typhoon Megi struck the Philippines earlier last week , affecting an estimated 258,800 people and leaving thousands homeless . The typhoon made landfall in China 's southeastern province of Fujian on Saturday , affecting nearly 650,000 people and destroying 500 houses , China 's Xinhua news agency said . About 270,000 people had evacuated . Damage in Fujian from the strongest typhoon of the year was estimated at 1.59 billion yuan  $ 238 million  .	Identification is pending for several other sets of remains Nineteen tourists from southern China are among the missing Confirmation of the driver 's death brought Megi 's death toll to 14 in Taiwan
CNN  -- After months of not-so-coy will-he-or-won ` t-he political flirtation , Fred Thompson has finally and officially announced that he is a candidate for the 2008 Republican presidential nomination . Fred Thompson joins the race for the GOP nomination only four months before the first voting . "  I am running for president of the United States , " he said during a taping of NBC 's "  The Tonight Show with Jay Leno " Wednesday evening , drawing applause and cheers from the audience . It 's the same venue that helped launch the electoral career of another celebrity-turned-politician , California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger . Thompson also talked about his decision to join the race in a webcast that went online early Thursday . "  I 'm going to give this campaign all that I have to give , and I hope that you 'll join me , " Thompson said in the video announcement posted on his campaign Web site . "  Our country needs us to win next year , and I 'm ready to lead that effort . " Thompson , 65 , who has had a multifaceted career as a prosecutor , lobbyist , actor and U.S. senator from Tennessee , is angling for a conservative base that has yet to coalesce around a favorite . His decision to run was widely expected , after he formed an exploratory committee in June to begin raising money . But political observers say Thompson may be late by entering the race months after his GOP rivals . The first voting is only four months away and the other candidates have been in Iowa , New Hampshire , South Carolina and beyond for months . But Thompson dismissed suggestions that he took too long to make the decision . "  I do n't think people are going to say , ` You know , that guy would make a very good president , but he just did n't get in soon enough , " ' Thompson told Leno . "  If you ca n't get your message out in a few months , you 're probably not ever going to get it out . " In his video announcement , Thompson touted his support for what he termed common-sense conservative principles , including low taxes , free markets , balanced budgets and the "  sanctity of life . " "  These principles made our country great , and we should re-dedicate ourselves to them , not abandon them , " he said . On the Iraq war , Thompson also challenged Democrats pushing for a withdrawal of U.S. forces , embracing President Bush 's view that the U.S. effort in Iraq is a central front in the war on terror . "  Our courage as a people must match that of the brave men and women in uniform fighting for us , " he said . "  They know if we abandon our efforts , or appear weak and divided , we 'll pay a heavy price for it in the future . " Even before he became a candidate , Thompson showed well in recent national poll averages , trailing only the front-runner , former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani . His acting role on NBC 's popular "  Law and Order " TV shows has buoyed his name recognition and prompted comparisons to another actor-turned-president beloved by conservatives , Ronald Reagan . Thursday morning , Thompson will begin a two-day tour across Iowa , whose precinct caucuses traditionally kick off the nominating season in January . See Thompson 's new presidential campaign buses " He will travel from Des Moines to Council Bluffs , Sioux City , Mason City , Cedar Rapids and Davenport on a brown , yellow and red bus festooned with the slogan "  United By Our Core Beliefs . " After his Iowa tour , Thompson will take his campaign to three other states with early primary contests -- New Hampshire , Florida and South Carolina . "  Expectations are sky high , which means he 'd better perform flawlessly out of the box or a lot of people are going to start grumbling that he 's not the great savior we thought he was , " said Republican pollster Whit Ayres . Thompson 's virtual campaign kickoff came just hours after his GOP rivals held their latest campaign debate Wednesday night in New Hampshire -- an event he skipped to unveil his political plans on the set of "  The Tonight Show . " Thompson joked that while he meant no disrespect to the organizers of Wednesday 's Granite State event , "  It 's a lot more difficult to get on ` The Tonight Show ' than it is to get into a presidential debate . " Over the summer , Thompson 's nascent non-campaign campaign ran into turbulence with the departure of several staffers , including veteran Republican campaign adviser Tom Collamore , who left after disagreements with the candidate 's wife , Jeri , over organization and staffing decisions , according to Republican sources familiar with Collamore 's decision . Jeri Thompson , 40 , was a GOP media consultant before marrying Thompson in 2002 . The political world was also roundly unimpressed with the $ 3.4 million Thompson 's exploratory committee raised during its first month of operation in June -- a fundraising pace far weaker than his GOP competitors . Despite those bumps and his late start , Thompson has said he believes his campaign is still well-positioned to win the nomination . Thompson 's government service goes back to 1969 , when he became a federal prosecutor in Nashville . His profile went national in 1973 , when he was appointed as the Republican counsel to the Senate Watergate Committee investigating misdeeds by President Richard Nixon and members of his staff . During televised hearings that riveted the nation , it was Thompson who famously and dramatically asked White House aide Alexander Butterfield about the existence of tapes made of Oval Office conversations , which would eventually turn out to be Nixon 's undoing . After Watergate , Thompson returned to Tennessee to practice law . He fell into a career as an actor when he was asked to play himself in the 1985 movie "  Marie , " which was based on a real-life case in which he represented a whistleblower who exposed corruption . His performance in the film led to other film and TV roles . In 1994 , Thompson sought political office for the first time , running for the remaining two years of the Senate term that Democrat Al Gore gave up when he was elected vice president in 1992 . After barnstorming the Volunteer State in a red pickup truck while wearing cowboy boots , Thompson won in a landslide , and , in 1996 , easily won re-election to a full six-year term . In 2002 , however , Thompson decided not to seek re-election and left the Senate . He worked as a lawyer-lobbyist in Washington and also took on the role of the gruff , conservative New York District Attorney Arthur Branch on "  Law and Order . " Thompson left the show earlier this year when he began considering a presidential bid . In April , Thompson disclosed that in 2004 , he had been diagnosed with non-Hodgkin lymphoma , a cancer of the immune system . However , he said the cancer was in remission and he was suffering no symptoms . E-mail to a friend CNN 's John King , Bethany Swain and Doug Schantz contributed to this report .	Thompson tells Jay Leno he 's running for president Official announcement comes in a webcast posted early Thursday Republican candidate dismisses suggestions he may be late entering the race Thompson is an actor and a former senator
CNN  -- FIFA have permitted England 's soccer players to wear a poppy symbol to honor the country 's war dead during Saturday 's international friendly with Spain after interventions from the British Prime Minister David Cameron and Prince William . The pair wrote to football 's world governing body asking that England be allowed to wear an embroidered poppy on their shirts to remember those in the armed forces who have died in the line of duty . Remembrance Day , on November 11 , marks the anniversary of the end of the First World War and the poppy has become the traditional symbol of the occasion . English Premier League clubs wore a poppy on their shirts during last weekend 's round of matches . FIFA had initially forbidden the England national team from wearing the symbol on their shirts as it bans political , religious or commercial messages on team strips . But after Clarence House released a statement in which they said Prince William was "  dismayed " by the decision , and David Cameron told Britain 's parliament the ban was "  outrageous " FIFA relented . They have agreed the poppy symbol can now be included on black armbands England 's players will be wearing during the clash with the World and European champions at Wembley . A statement on the English Football Association 's  FA  official website read : "  While continuing to adhere to the Laws of the Game , wearing the poppy on the armband does ensure the poppy will be visible throughout the game . The FA welcomes FIFA 's decision and thanks them for agreeing to this . " FIFA had initially stood firm on their ban , stating it was applied globally to prevent shirts being used to commemorate national events or to convey political messages . They said agreeing to England 's request would "  open the door to similar initiatives " across the world and "  jeopardize the neutrality of football . " Earlier on Wednesday , Cameron said in a statement : "  The idea that wearing a poppy to remember those who have given their lives for our freedom is a political act is absurd . Wearing a poppy is an act of huge respect and national pride . " He then told parliament : "  It seems outrageous . I hope Fifa will reconsider . " Prince William , the Duke of Cambridge , wrote to FIFA in his role as president of the FA and asked for "  an exception in this special circumstance . " A spokesman for the Duke said : "  The Duke 's strong view is that the poppy is a universal symbol of remembrance , which has no political , religious or commercial connotations . " After the compromise was struck the Duke was said to be "  happy " with the resolution . "	FIFA allows England to wear poppy symbol during international with Spain The British public wears poppies to honor members of the armed forces who have died in conflict FIFA bans political , religious or commercial messages on shirts but agreed to compromise UK Prime Minister David Cameron wrote to FIFA to contest their original decision
CNN  -- I know from experience how the lack of tangible evidence gnaws at an accident investigator . Eventually , the passion driving efforts to find answers is replaced with a feeling of futility and hopelessness . For the investigator in charge , valuable time that could be spent on the search and investigation will be spent justifying the cost of the search to the bureaucracy . But as the search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 resumes after a four-month hiatus , investigators must realize the question here is not how much it will cost to find the airplane and determine the cause to ensure it wo n't happen again . Instead , the question should be this : How much will it cost if they do n't ? Armed with new maps of the seafloor from an extensive survey operation funded by the Australian Transportation Safety Board , the Fugro Equator has resumed the underwater search for MH370 . Three ships will begin searching for debris on the ocean floor in a refined search area after new information revealing an attempt to communicate with the plane via satellite phone prompted investigators to revise the search area much farther south than previously . Each of the search vessels has been fitted with sophisticated underwater sonar equipment designed to use a towed device to examine the bottom of the ocean floor for abnormalities that may be remnants of the Boeing 777 that vanished from radar on March 8 . The Echo Surveyor II being used is much more capable , and can work at more extreme depths , than the Bluefin 21 used in previous searches . But all this sophisticated equipment and trained scientists to operate it is not cheap . Australian Deputy Prime Minister Warren Truss announced a $ 50 million  Australian dollars  contract in August to fund yet another round of searches for the missing plane and 239 passengers and crew , while Australian Air Chief Marshal Angus Houston reportedly estimated as much as $ 25 million has been paid to the defense force for the visual search it conducted . In addition , another $ 60 million has been committed for the underwater search . Finally , if and when the aircraft is found , the retrieval and causal investigation could easily add $ 50 million or more to the price tag . All this adds up to what would be the costliest search in history , more even than the estimated $ 160 million in recovery costs for Air France Flight 447 off the coast of Brazil in 2009 . The search area for that plane was narrowed to only five square miles within weeks , and yet it took nearly two years to find and recover the remnants of the Airbus A330 aircraft . The search and recovery area for MH370 is exponentially greater , at some 23,000 square miles , and may therefore be exponentially more expensive . But while it is understandable against the backdrop of such rising costs why investigators might be tempted to abandon the search , the consequences of not establishing the cause of the tragedy could be disastrous . After all , without some kind of assurance that the problem has been corrected -- clearly not possible without knowing what happened -- it could happen again at any time to any airline . The reality is that accidents without answers produce doubts about safety , and such doubt can eventually take a toll on the entire airline industry , not just one particular air carrier . True , millions of people continue to fly in the wake of the disappearance of MH370 . But tens of millions of dollars in passenger revenue have already been lost as Malaysian Airline 's jets reportedly fly with large numbers of vacant seats . As a result of the drop in passenger numbers , Malaysia Airlines is set to be removed from the stock exchange as part of a 12-point recovery plan in an effort to rebound from the losses . But imagine the damage it could do to the entire airline industry if there is another tragedy and still no answer to the question of what caused the disappearance of MH370 . Such a turn of events would rock not only passengers ' faith in the airlines ' ability to keep them safe , but also governments ' ability to assure safe air travel . Ultimately , while the cost of the search can be counted , the costs of giving up can not be fully calculated . But they are surely higher , in terms of lost revenues and damaged public confidence . Put bluntly , the best way of ensuring that the tragedy of MH370 is not repeated is to find the plane -- or what remains of it -- and work out what actually caused this in the first place . Whatever the cost .	Search has resumed for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 Australia has already spent millions of dollars on search , David Soucie notes MH370 search set to be most expensive in history , Soucie says But the cost of not finding out what happened even greater , he says
Tokyo  CNN  -- Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan invoked his country 's recovery from World War II on Tuesday as he sought to turn the nation 's attention to the arduous task of rebuilding . Yet the challenges awaiting Japan remained on full display the day he spoke : The country rated the crisis at a nuclear plant stricken after last month 's earthquake and tsunami as the most severe on an international system for rating nuclear accidents . And a fresh round of earthquakes rumbled across an already battered landscape . One with a magnitude of 6.3 was the latest of 52 quakes with a magnitude of 6 or greater since a monster 9.0 quake rocked the country and spawned a tsunami , leaving nearly 28,0000 people dead or missing . The prime minister noted that he was born in 1946 , a year after the end of World War II , and that his family used an unexploded bomb to help stabilize a pickling tub in their home . He said the Japanese people "  stood up bravely and achieved a reconstruction that amazed the world " after the war . "  We must renew the determination that we had in the post-World War II reconstruction period , and we must tackle the task of reconstruction after this earthquake , " he said . The devastation left behind by the March 11 earthquake is an opportunity to build "  a new , better future than before , " said the prime minister . He spoke at a news conference that had been originally scheduled to take place Monday but was delayed because of a series of aftershocks that rattled northern Japan . In one of the lastest developments following the wave of aftershocks , the Iwaki Fire Department said the death toll from landslides set off by a 6.6-magnitude quake on Monday had risen to six . Iwaki is located about 100 miles  164 kilometers  northeast of Tokyo and about 30 miles  50 kilometers  southwest of the crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . The landslides in Iwaki buried three houses .	The Japanese prime minister urged Japan to focus on rebuilding Nearly 28,000 people are dead or missing since a massive earthquake last month Fresh round of earthquakes rumbled Tuesday across an already battered landscape
Ars Technica  -- Bloomberg is reporting that Microsoft will cease development of its family of Zune-branded music players due to weak demand and a desire to focus on its smartphone platform . Zune will live on as a software and services platform , according to Bloomberg 's source . Windows Phone 7 embeds the Zune player for media playback on the phone , uses the Zune Marketplace for online music sales , and the Zune PC software for media syncing and firmware updates . These uses will be unhindered by the cancellation of the standalone Zune hardware . Since their introduction in 2006 , the Zune players always played second fiddle -- if that -- to Apple 's iPod line . The 2009 Zune HD model was a well-received , well-designed , and supremely elegant device , but it was a case of too little , too late . It was competing against Apple 's iPod touch , with its enormous App Store advantage . Microsoft also did little to promote the Zune brand beyond US borders ; the original models were also available in Canada , but until recently , the Zune HD was US-only . As a result , Microsoft failed to threaten Apple 's dominance , leaving Cupertino to take 77 % of the digital music player market last year . Ars Technica : Zune marketplace going to Europe , Down Under Over the past couple of months , rumors have been swirling around that Zune would either be killed off or rebranded , and Microsoft has yet to officially confirm the hardware 's demise . The apparent decision to cancel the standalone hardware may be the fact behind the rumors , or this could be the first step in a complete overhaul and rebranding of the platform , possibly codenamed "  Ventura . " The decision to end Zune hardware production also means that it 's unlikely that Microsoft will ever mimic Apple and produce an iPod touch equivalent for Windows Phone 7 -- the phone platform without the phone part . COPYRIGHT 2010 ARSTECHNICA.COM	Microsoft will cease development of its family of Zune-branded music players It is due to weak demand and a desire to focus on its smartphone platform Since their introduction in 2006 , the Zune players always played second to Apple 's iPod line
CNN  -- The death of MI6 codebreaker Gareth Williams -- whose naked body was found inside an externally locked bag in his bathtub in 2010 -- was a "  perfect crime , " a confined spaces expert says . Peter Faulding said he disagreed with Scotland Yard 's conclusion that Williams most likely locked himself in the bag , saying it was his belief that the MI6 worker was murdered . Last week , London 's Metropolitan Police said its three-year investigation had found a lack of evidence to show that someone else had been involved in Williams ' death . The police position differs from a 2012 coroner 's report , which said it was likely he had been killed . Read more : MI6 codebreaker not killed , police say Faulding testified at the Coroner 's inquest and did not definitively rule out that Williams could have somehow locked himself into the bag alone . But he said he could not have done so without leaving evidence . This week Faulding told CNN he was still of that view , using the same model of bag and a similar type of bathtub to show how Williams could have gotten into the bag and why he held the view that someone else was involved . "  There was no DNA found on the padlock , the zipper closures -- anywhere around this bath , " he said . "  To do this without leaving a trace is absolutely impossible . Even Houdini could n't do this . " Faulding said the lack of DNA was "  the key to this crime . " "  We can zip ourselves in the bag ... but you ca n't do it without leaving a trace . " Faulding said a scuff mark was found on the bath , and it was his belief that Williams was murdered . "  The bag was lifted . It scuffed the top and he was dropped into the bath , " he said . With the heating in Williams ' apartment turned up , Faulding said "  the decomposition fluids would actually run down the plughole , and it would stop the smell of decomposition escaping the flat . " He concluded : "  This was the perfect crime . " Read more : Coroner says spy likely poisoned , suffocated The Met last week acknowledged that some of the evidence -- including the lack of DNA on the padlock or hand prints on the bath -- was "  odd . " It said there was insufficient evidence to be definitive on how Williams died but that police believed that theirs was the "  more probable " conclusion . The case gripped the British public when Williams was found dead at age 31 in August 2010 . Among the theories aired by UK media were that Williams might have died at the hands of foreign intelligence agents or as a result of a kinky sexual encounter gone wrong . While the circumstances of Williams ' death remain somewhat murky , there is still forensic evidence left to examine . More than 10 samples of DNA found in Williams ' apartment were too small to test . Police say that maybe , one day , technology may help solve the mystery . Read more : Mysterious spy death grips Britain	MI6 codebreaker Gareth Williams ' body was found locked in a bag in 2010 A coroner 's inquest into his death concluded it was likely that someone had killed him But Scotland Yard said it was most likely no one else was involved in Williams ' death Confined spaces expert Peter Faulding believes Williams was murdered in a " ` perfect crime "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Jaime Lerner , the former maverick mayor of Curitiba in South Brazil , has energy , passion and steely determination that started nothing short of an urban revolution . Architect Jaime Lerner , former mayor of Curitiba , Brazil The city in Brazil and indeed its ex-Mayor , have been an inspiration to environmental urban planners worldwide . It 's hardly surprising , when Curitiba has an integrated bus system that carries 2.4 million passengers a day and a population whose children have led the way in garbage disposal . CNN 's Zara Bilgrami asked the architect why he believes so passionately that cities could be a solution to all our problems . CNN : Curitiba has been called "  the most innovative city in the world . " How did you achieve this ? Jaime Lerner : Curitiba is not a paradise . We have all the problems that most Latin American cities have . We have slums . We have the same difficulties , but the big difference is the respect given by people due to the quality of the services which are provided . We are coming to understand that to change a city you need political will . Secondly , you need a good strategy . Then you need solidarity and a feeling of co-responsibility . I 'll give you an example of co-responsibility . When I was governor , we had to clean the bays . In our state , we proposed to the fisherman the equation of co-responsibility . We said , "  If you catch the fish , the fish belong to you . If you catch the garbage we are going to pay you . The more you fish garbage , the more money you will have . " The more they cleaned the bay , the more fish they had . That 's a win-win solution . CNN : You say that any city in the world can be transformed , no matter how large the scale or small the budget . Can you explain ? Jaime Lerner : After working in cities for nearly 40 years I am telling you that every city can improve its quality of life in less than three years , no matter the scale or the financial conditions . All you have to do is build a good equation . Creativity starts when you cut a zero from your budget ! I would say there are three key issues that are important , not only for the city itself but for the whole of mankind . One is the problem of mobility . Another is the problem of sustainability . The other is social diversity and co-existence . We are afraid now of climate change and the question of sustainability . There is a feeling that we are all terminal patients and there is nothing we can do . But there are a lot of things we can do . I have been in meetings all over the world about new materials , green buildings , new sources of energy , recycling -- they are important but they are not enough . When we realized that 75 percent of carbon emissions come from the cities we realized we had to work on the concept of the cities . CNN : What exactly is urban mobility ? Jaime Lerner : The condition of mobility , my approach , is do n't try to choose which system is best . Use all the systems , but with one condition : never , never compete in the same space . They have to be complementary . So combine all the systems , but run them as we do in Curitiba . It 's a system where we have dedicated links and boarding conditions -- that means boarding tubes and paying before entering the bus . You do n't wait for a bus for more than one minute . We started with one  bus  line in 1974 . It carried 25,000 passengers a day . This system is being improved every year and now we are transporting 2.4 million passengers a day . It 's a very high quality system and what is amazing is that it is one of the few systems in the world which is not subsidized . It pays for itself . CNN : What about cars ? Is there a role for cars in the cities of the future ? Jaime Lerner : The car is like your mother-in-law . You have to have a good relationship with her but you can not let her conduct your life . If the only woman in your life is your mother-in-law , then you have a problem . There are many solutions . That is why I call it mobility -- not just public transport -- using all the systems . CNN : How do you think quality of life was improved in Curitiba ? Jaime Lerner : A city is a structure of living and working together . I have realized after all these years that a city that has a good quality of life attracts jobs . People do n't want to invest in places if there is no quality of life . Everything  in Curitiba  started with the children . We started to teach the children in every school over six months , how to separate the garbage and the children teach their parents . So that 's why the city of Curitiba since 1989 , for almost 20 years , has had the highest rate of separation of garbage in the world , at 70 percent . Everything starts with the children . I 'm obsessed with the idea of how to make the children understand their own city , because if they understand their city , they will respect it better . CNN : Which cities do you think need urgent change ? Jaime Lerner : Every city needs to change in some way . My feeling with the mega-cities is that they are losing time . We are living here , working there , taking leisure time in other places . One of the reasons I am proud of my city is around 80 % of people are living in diverse neighborhoods . If you want a human city , mix urban functions , mix incomes , mix ages . This is good for co-existence , for social diversity and it reduces violence . We realized that the city is what brings solidarity . Cities are not problems : they are solutions . CNN : As an architect , how important is beauty ? Jaime Lerner : Quality of life and diversity is beautiful . I would say that a city that is committed to its future , in which the people are most important , is a beautiful city . We have to change from "  ego-architecture " to "  eco-architecture " . ... . Is the city the solution to our problems ? Would you support policies that pushed cars out of city centers ? Share your thoughts on Jaime Lerner 's views in the "  Sound Off " box below .	Former Mayor of Curitiba , Brazil , Jaime Lerner is an architect and urban planner His groundbreaking policies helped create one of the world 's greenest cities His integrated bus system transports 2.4 million Curitibans every day Lerner compares car use to his mother-in-law : "  You can not let her conduct your life . "
Hanover , New Hampshire  CNN  -- Herman Cain , the latest Republican presidential candidate to surge in the polls , found himself in the hot seat Tuesday night at a debate in New Hampshire centered on economic matters . The linchpin of Cain 's campaign , his cleverly titled 9-9-9 plan to restructure the U.S. Tax Code , came under harsh scrutiny as other Republicans sought to knock the former Godfather 's Pizza CEO off his pedestal . The Cain plan would implement a 9 % corporate income tax rate , a 9 % income tax rate and a 9 % national sales tax . His opponents called the plan unrealistic and said it stands zero chance of passing on Capitol Hill . "  I think it 's a catchy phrase , in fact , I thought it was the price of a pizza when I first heard it , " former Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman joked . "  We need something that 's doable , doable , doable . " Two candidates competing with Cain for conservative voters in the leadoff caucus state of Iowa , former Sen. Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania and Rep. Michele Bachmann of Minnesota , sharply questioned Cain 's economic credentials . Santorum asked audience members at Dartmouth College to raise their hands if they support a new sales tax . No one in the crowd appeared to do so . "  There you go , Herman . That 's how many votes you 'll get in New Hampshire . " He added , "  Can we trust you with your lack of experience that you wo n't continually give Washington the ability to take freedom away from freedom-loving people ? " Bachmann said the plan would do little to create jobs and would simply offer the government a new way to collect tax revenue . "  When you take the 9-9 -  9  plan and you turn it upside won , the devil is in the details , " Bachmann said , a reference to 666 , a symbol commonly associated with Satan . Cain defended his plan as a fresh solution . "  Therein lies the difference between me , the nonpolitician , and all of the politicians , " he said . "  They want to pass what they think they can get passed rather than what we need , which is a bold solution . " Rep. Ron Paul of Texas also attacked Cain for naming former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan as the kind of person he would appoint to the Fed if elected . "  Alan Greenspan was a disaster , " Paul said , saying that Greenspan manipulated American currency and helped usher in the current economic crisis . Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich attacked the current Federal Reserve chairman , Ben Bernanke , and said the central banking system should be subject to greater oversight . "  Bernanke has in secret spent hundred of billions of dollars bailing out one group and not bailing out another group , " Gingrich said . "  It is corrupt and wrong for one man to have that secret power . " Eight candidates participated in the economy-themed debate at Dartmouth College , sponsored by Bloomberg Television and The Washington Post . While some candidates trained their sights on Cain , others tried to sully former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , who has solidified his lead in national polls and in New Hampshire , a state central to his nomination strategy . But as in previous debates , Romney , a tested campaigner , parried several attacks and kept the focus on jobs and the economy . Share your view on the debate In one portion of the debate , moderators allowed the candidates to ask questions of one another . Texas Gov. Rick Perry pressed Romney on his health care overhaul in Massachusetts , which he compared to Obama 's national plan . Romney turned the question around on Perry . "  We have less than 1 % of our kids that are uninsured , " Romney said . "  You have a million kids uninsured in Texas . A million kids . Under President Bush , the percentage uninsured went down . Under your leadership , it 's gone up . " Perry , who has been criticized by Romney for not outlining a detailed economic plan , said he would begin rolling out a platform in the coming days , beginning with a speech this week on boosting domestic energy production . "  It 's time for another American declaration of independence , " Perry said . "  It 's time for energy independence . "	NEW : Rick Perry says Mitt Romney 's health plan in Massachusetts mirrors Obama 's NEW : Romney turns attack on Perry , citing number of uninsured in Texas Candidates pounce on Herman Cain 's 9-9-9 plan for eradicating tax code Cain defends plan as "  bold solution "
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- Hurricane Ike grew from a Category 1 into a menacing Category 4 storm in about six hours Wednesday as it fed on the warm waters of Atlantic , the National Hurricane Center said . An infrared image from a NOAA satellite shows Ike swirling in the Atlantic on Wednesday night . "  Ike is an extremely dangerous Category 4 hurricane " with 135-mph sustained winds , the center said in its 11 p.m. ET advisory . Although it is likely to lose some strength during the next few days , Ike is forecast to regain Category 4 status by Monday , the center said . "  It is too early to determine what , if any , land areas might be affected by Ike , " the hurricane center said . But the center 's potential four - to five-day track for Ike puts it anywhere from north of Jamaica to the coast of South Florida on Monday . iReport.com : Are you in Ike 's path ? At 11 p.m. ET Monday , Ike was moving west-northwest through the Atlantic Ocean . The storm will be over open water for two days , forecasters said . Earlier Wednesday , Ike intensified into the fifth hurricane of the 2008 Atlantic season when its winds reached 80 mph . But before Ike can reach into the Caribbean or threaten Florida , Tropical Storm Hanna was getting more organized in the Bahamas , according to the hurricane center . At 2 a.m. , Hanna was about 325 miles east-southeast of Nassau in the Bahamas , with winds of 65 mph . Hanna was drenching the Bahamas and Haiti with torrential rains . Haitian officials put the nation 's death toll in the wake of Hanna and Hurricane Gustav at 61 , said Abel Nabaire , the deputy coordinator of the civil protection service . Eight of the country 's 10 departments underwater , he said . More rainfall , up to 15 inches in some places , was possible in the Caribbean , the hurricane center said . Hanna was forecast to return to hurricane strength by Friday as it shot up the east coast of the southern U.S. , with landfall predicted on the South Carolina or North Carolina coast late Friday or early Saturday . "  A hurricane watch may be required for a portion of the southeastern United States coast early Thursday and interests in this area should monitor the progress of Hanna , " the hurricane center said . Florida could begin seeing rainfall from Hanna on Friday , forecasters said . Watch as Florida also keeps an eye on Hanna " Swells from Hanna are expected to bolster the number of rip tides along the southeastern U.S. coast this week , the hurricane center said . iReport.com : Hanna makes waves in Bahamas Hanna passed over the northern Haitian city of Gonaives on Tuesday night , leaving water more than 12 feet deep in some places , an official said . See Hanna 's impact on Haiti " Many people were still cut off amid floodwater . "  It 's a very grim picture , " Dr. Jean Pierre Guiteau of the Red Cross said Wednesday . "  We ca n't reach those people ; they are standing on rooftops , waiting for help . " In line behind Ike in the Atlantic is Tropical Storm Josephine , with top winds near 50 mph , the hurricane center said . Josephine was about 425 miles west of the southernmost Cape Verde Islands off western Africa .	NEW : Ike goes from 80-mph winds to 135-mph winds in six hours Hanna to pound Bahamas , could regain hurricane strength Hanna expected to make U.S. landfall by Friday or Saturday
CNN  -- Hurricane veterans know when a bad one 's coming . It 's like those who feel the barometric pressure drop of approaching storm systems in their bones . I got the vibe midweek . So I asked my friends on the Mississippi Gulf Coast , hardy survivors of Hurricane Katrina , what advice they would share with those in Hurricane Sandy 's path . But I did n't want the usual flashlight , batteries , water , generator , gasoline tips . Tell them something they do n't know , I asked , something that helped get you through . Here 's what they said :  Outdoor solar lights can be brought in at night to light the indoors .  When you make a video of your home for insurance purposes beforehand , open drawers and closets so the contents are visible .  Have a tire plug repair kit and pliers to pull out nails or screws , since debris in the roadway causes flats and leaks that are tough to repair when everything is closed .  Extend your cell phone battery 's life by texting instead of calling and turning off Internet/Wi-Fi/Bluetooth / GPS connections .  Bank safes and safe deposit boxes are not waterproof . During flooding , items left in them may be damaged and not accessible for weeks .  Have thick tarps and roofing tacks in case you lose shingles from the wind . What I did n't expect was the advice of a different nature that many added after their practical tips :  Faith and the knowledge that no matter what , your life and the life of your family is more important than any material possession you may have .  Keep a positive attitude and help your neighbor !  Remember to have patience with your family , friends and neighbors . ... Work together and share your resources .  Talk to each other . Share old stories . Some of the best relationships were made in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina , as neighbors discovered new friends next door and grew closer helping one another through a trying time .  Read a book . Keep a hurricane preparation checklist These are heartfelt suggestions from those who know what it 's like to lose everything all at once . Disaster has a way of focusing the mind and leveling the playing field . Doctors and bankers stood next to mechanics and janitors in food lines in my Gulf Coast hometown of Bay St. Louis , Mississippi , in the weeks after Hurricane Katrina . Such brutal shocks to the system are inevitable . No one can stop them , though human beings prefer to imagine we are omnipotent . We have access to virtually anything with the click of a mouse or a tap on our smartphones . We can Skype with someone on the other side of the world . We can land a rover on Mars and find proof of ancient rivers . We can do anything -- except control Mother Nature . We do n't like that , because it forces us to accept that we are vulnerable . Nations , states , cities and individuals wisely invest time and money on prevention efforts , but we ca n't really predict when , where and how the effects of nature at its worst will be felt . What we can control is our reaction . And researchers report that contrary to popular myth , during disasters most people do n't adopt an "  every man for himself " attitude . Most react with responsibility and concern for their neighbors . I have seen it myself , over decades covering blizzards , floods , hurricanes and more . Nearly five years after Hurricane Katrina , I was present at a remarkable discussion between the mayor of Bay St. Louis and his wife . Most of the town 's homes and businesses were heavily damaged or destroyed in 2005 when the monster storm 's 30-foot surge , sustained 125 mph winds and hopscotching tornadoes roared through . But the town and its people recovered . "  It was amazing . It really was , " said Eddie Favre of the spirit of kindness , generosity and selflessness that prevailed in the months after the hurricane . "  It would be nice to reclaim some of that patience and understanding . I wish we could go back to it . " "  I feel bad saying it , but I really miss it , " agreed his wife Jan. "  We were all so close . " Times of disaster reveal not just our human fragility , but our strengths . It is at times like this that we learn what we are made of . People come together , share what they have and accept help from others . Suddenly differences that once seemed insurmountable turn out to be quite insignificant . The worst of times can bring out the best . Hurricane safety : When the lights go out The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kathleen Koch .	Kathleen Koch : Katrina survivors share suggestions for coping with Hurricane Sandy Tips include bringing outdoor solar lights inside at night if power goes out , she says Also , have tire repair kits for nail debris ; text , do n't call , to save battery charge , she says Koch : Take chance to bond with neighbors ; times of disaster reveal humanity , strength
CNN  -- The only criminal charge to come out of the academic fraud scandal at the University of North Carolina has been dropped . Orange County District Attorney Jim Woodall announced on Thursday that ex-professor Julius Nyang ` oro would no longer be facing a felony fraud charge . He was accused of taking money to teach classes that did n't exist . Woodall said the decision was based on Nyang ` oro 's cooperation , both with the criminal investigation , which is over , and the university-sanctioned investigation being done by former federal prosecutor Ken Wainstein . Wainstein was hired this year by UNC to do another internal investigation , since past investigations pinning the sole blame on Nyang ` oro have not satisfied questions and curiosity from the community and from critics of UNC who think the scope of the fake classes was much bigger than UNC admits . The so called "  paper classes " scandal involves hundreds of classes that never met and required little work , and even though many athletes were enrolled in them , UNC and the NCAA have been criticized for saying the issue had nothing to do with athletics . That all makes the cooperation of Nyang ` oro a game-changer in the quest to find answers , and Woodall said last week that is the reason he had been considering dropping the charges . He said he felt it was better for the community to understand who else knew about the fake classes and who created them than it was for one professor to be punished criminally . "  Even though it 's a noncriminal investigation , that is more important than this , " Woodall said , referring to Wainstein 's review . Nyang ` oro 's cooperation also led to the NCAA announcing it would reopen its investigation into academic fraud at UNC . It previously had found no athletic scandal . But in the last few months , a flurry of reporting has called that into question . Several athletes have said they were pushed into the fake classes by athletic advisers , and whistle-blower Mary Willingham has said that many star athletes were kept eligible by taking the classes . "  That 's not just Julius Nyang ` oro , " Willingham said . "  It 's what we , the university , used to keep athletes eligible and that just is the truth . " Willingham was a UNC employee who told reporters about the classes . She has since quit her job and filed suit against the university . Wainstein said Nyang ` oro 's cooperation has been very valuable . "  He has answered all of our questions regarding the academic and athletic dimensions of the irregular courses offered in the department of African and Afro-American Studies , and he has provided important insights and information we would otherwise not have received , " Wainstein said . Wainstein said last week that his team has so far collected 1.5 million e-mails and documents , talked to 30 people in the athletic-academic areas of UNC and is looking at athlete transcripts going back to the 1980s . That 's something no other UNC investigation had done . "  UNC is the mother of all academic fraud violations , " said Gerald Gurney , president of the Drake Group for Academic Integrity in College Sport . " ... Theres no doubt in my mind about cooperation of friendly faculty and the cover-up and the excuses of this kind of behavior that has gone on in the university . ... It 's egregious . "  It 's quite likely that if it is shown that this is a long-term systematic scheme on the part of the university that UNC will need to vacate wins , " Gurney said . NCAA reopens paper class investigation at UNC Whistle-blower in UNC paper class case files lawsuit UNC : We failed students ` for years '	Felony fraud charges dropped against professor , DA says Professor was accused of taking money to teach classes that did n't exist UNC pushed athletes toward the fake classes , whistle-blower says
Copiapo , Chile  CNN  -- One month ago , the San Jose copper and gold mine in Chile caved in , trapping 33 miners far underground . For the next 17 days , their families had no idea whether they were alive or dead . Here in their words , some of the wives , fathers and daughters think back to the first moments after learning of the accident and their efforts to keep hope alive . Lila Ramirez , wife of Mario Gomez : "  I felt a lot of rage and pain and I felt powerless . I knew this was an accident waiting to happen . "  Mario asked the bosses to take measures so the miners did n't run the risk of getting buried . But they never listened . A lot of the miners said they had heard the mountain groaning . One said he did n't want to go down the mine that day , he was afraid . But the boss said to him either you go down or I have five other people who will go down . "  I never doubted that I had a lot of faith they were all alive and that they were all together and that 's how they found them . All together ! " Jessica Yanez , partner of Esteban Rojas : "  Those first days were unforgettable it was huge uncertainty , just waiting and waiting . "  Those were very bitter moments . I was crying day and night . I did n't want to sleep . I did n't want to go home , because my loved one was n't with me , and when I ate I got angry with myself because I thought of him going hungry . "  I held out hope Esteban had been outside the mine . When I was crying I hoped he was going to come out and hug me and say , ` Darling , I 'm here . ' But the hours went by and they reported the names of the missing miners and Esteban never came . " Scarlett Sepulveda , daughter of Mario Sepulveda : "  I felt rage and pain and frustration . I thought how can they be trapped like that . They 're not animals . But here in Chile they 've always treated our miners like animals . "  It 's horrible . I miss him so much . My dad always cheered us up and made us laugh . I just feel so so bad . "  I was sad and disillusioned . I did n't want to hear anything more about the accident . It 's not exactly that I lost hope . It 's just I did n't want to get my hopes up too high . " Hector Ticona , father of Ariel Ticona : "  I was stunned by the news but I did n't cry . I 'm not the kind to cry . But my wife began to cry and I tried to calm her down and said take it easy ; we do n't know anything for sure just yet . "  I always had faith and I stayed calm . And then what happened happened . And then the miracle came . " Elizabeth Segovia , wife of Ariel Ticona : "  I was cooking his evening meal and waiting for him to come home . ... When I heard about the accident my world just collapsed . I cried and cried . I could n't even sleep for five days straight . But I had to try and be strong especially for my two sons . " Jessica Salgado , wife of Richard Alex Vega : "  At the time it did n't sink in that the accident had been so big . ... I cried a lot but I was trying to keep my spirits up because of the children . I kept phoning his cell phone and it just rang and rang and kept going to voice mail . " Jose Vega , father of Richard Alex Vega : "  I 'm not the kind of person to sit there with my arms crossed and crying . I said my son needs my help and I 'm going after him . "  I went into the mine with five others to try and find them . It was terrible , terrible . I looked up and the roof was opening . Rocks were falling down and I was looking for a way to make it through the shower of rocks . So I left Jose , the man , at the door , and Jose , the miner went inside . A miner must be brave . It 's like the boxer when he steps into the ring . He must leave his fear outside . " Cristina Nunez , wife of Claudio Yanez : "  A friend phoned and said the San Esteban -LSB- San Jose -RSB- mine has just collapsed and the miners are trapped inside . I said , ` What ? that ca n't be true ! ' And I began crying . I was crying and I could n't talk I was just crying and crying . ... I said my Claudio ca n't leave me like this . Claudio has to be alive . "	Wives , fathers and daughters recall moment they learned of the accident The 33 Chilean miners have been trapped underground for a month after an earthquake "  Here in Chile they 've always treated our miners like animals , " miner 's daughter says "  My Claudio ca n't leave me like this . Claudio has to be alive , " Claudio Yanez 's wife recalls
CNN  -- A man accused of serial sex attacks in Tulsa was identified Thursday , fours days after crashing his car into a light pole while fleeing the scene of one of his alleged assaults , authorities said . The suspect , Demond Campbell , 30 , was presented with charges related to seven sexual assaults even though he was in critical condition and unresponsive in a hospital since his car wreck Sunday , Tulsa Police Chief Chuck Jordan said Thursday . Campbell was identified as a suspect in the sex attacks after an analysis of a "  tremendous amount of absolutely miraculous evidence collection and crime scene investigation , " Jordan said . Though the suspect had no criminal record in Tulsa , Jordan said , he turned up in a Google search of his name by police . It was a report of his car crash . The speeding car he was traveling in struck a light pole on an interstate early Sunday morning about 10 minutes after one of his alleged sexual assaults , Jordan said . Campbell , who was not wearing a seat belt , suffered severe head injuries . "  He has not been responsive at all , " Jordan said . Campbell was released from prison in late April after convictions in Oklahoma City for attempted robbery , attempted kidnapping and robbery , and robbery with a dangerous weapon , Jordan said . He was imprisoned in 2007 . The spate of sexual assaults and lack of clues had left residents on edge and looking out for anything unusual . "  I hope this gives them some peace , " Jordan said of the victims and community at large . Authorities said the suspect typically broke into homes from the back , either through a window or door . He tended to be covered , and attacked when it was dark . Victims provided diverse descriptions of the suspect , ranging from a light-skinned black or Hispanic man to a tan white man . There were eight cases of sexual assault in Tulsa in the last month and authorities linked them because of specific actions and statements the suspect made in the attacks . But police now say one of the eight assaults is still under investigation and may not be connected , CNN affiliate KOKI reported . The victims were between 56 and 78 years old , except for one , who was 29 . Campbell 's record includes arrests in 2002 for armed robbery , in 2005 for attempted assault on a woman , and in 2006 on a warrant for assault and battery , KOKI reported . In 2006 , he was convicted for attempted battery . Jordan said investigators were checking with police in Oklahoma City to see whether Campbell was involved in additional crimes . No other arrests were expected in connection with the seven attacks , he said . Jordan said prosecutors were preparing formal charges in the cases -- some of which involved alleged sexual battery , others alleged rapes . Alabama catches suspect in serial sex crime cold case CNN 's Dana Ford and Tina Burnside contributed to this report .	Demond Campbell , 30 , is presented with charges related to 7 sexual assaults in Tulsa Campbell is in critical condition and unresponsive in a hospital after a car wreck Sunday Suspect turns up in a Google search of his name by police ; it was a report of his car crash Campbell was released from prison in late April after convictions in Oklahoma City
CNN  -- An offshore 6.9 magnitude earthquake and aftershocks shook the coast of Northern California and parts of Oregon on Sunday night , the U.S. Geological Survey said . No major damage or injuries were immediately reported . The main quake , centered in the Pacific Ocean about 50 miles west of Eureka , California , happened at 10:18 p.m. PT , the USGS said . The depth was about 10 miles . Mike Meltzer , in Ferndale , just southwest of Eureka , told CNN affiliate KTVU the he felt the quake for about 10 seconds . The only damage that he could see : A bottle fell over . "  I 've been through a number of these , " Meltzer , a bartender at Ferndale 's Hotel Ivanhoe , told KTVU . "  It was n't a jolter ; it was a wave . " More than 15 aftershocks were reported in the area within five hours , the strongest of which was a 4.6 magnitude temblor in the ocean , according to the USGS . The strongest shaking was reported in the Eureka area , with weak motion felt in west-central Oregon and in the San Francisco area , according to the USGS . There is no tsunami threat , according to the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center . The shaking drew a number of comments on social media . "  Long rumble , no damage , " Twitter user @Amy_Stewart posted . "  Forgot to take the cat when we ran outside . Now he knows where he stands . " What you need to know about earthquakes The place where two earthquakes hit every hour Measuring the magnitude of earthquakes CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	6.9 quake centered in Pacific shakes Northern California , Oregon , on Sunday night Bartender in Ferndale , California : "  It was n't a jolter ; it was a wave . " More than 15 aftershocks reported within five hours
CNN  -- Kimberley Locke knows a thing or two about singing competitions . "  American Idol " finalist Kimberley Locke is the new co-host of "  Gospel Dream . " Having placed third during season two of "  American Idol " -- just behind winner Ruben Studdard and runner-up Clay Aiken -- the singer is back in reality show action as the new co-host of "  Gospel Dream . " The Gospel Music Channel 's talent search is going into its fourth season , and Locke joins fellow host Mike Kasem  son of Casey Kasem  and the judges -- gospel artist J. Moss , Destiny 's Child member Michelle Williams and industry executive Mitchell Solarek -- on the show . Locke has worked steadily since she first burst onto the "  Idol " scene in 2003 . She has modeled , served as a spokesperson for plus-sized clothier Lane Bryant and Jenny Craig and appeared on VH1 's "  Celebrity Fit Club . " All the while , she has continued to pursue her music . Her "  8th World Wonder " was a big hit , making the Top 10 on Billboard 's Adult Contemporary charts . She 's had three dance chart No. 1s . Locke recently spoke with CNN about the "  Gospel Dream , " life after "  American Idol " and the one reality show she really wants to appear on next . CNN : How did you get involved with "  Gospel Dream ? " Kimberley Locke : Funny enough , I 've been wanting to do more hosting , and I had been talking to my manager about it . They contacted me out of the blue , and I was like "  Oh , I put it out to the universe , and here it is . " CNN : Are you a gospel music fan ? Locke : I am a gospel music fan . Of course I grew up in the church singing gospel music . I do n't listen to as much as I used to , but I used to sing in a girl a cappella group and that 's how we started , performing in church . CNN : Why do you think so many performers in the music industry come out of the church ? Locke : I think a lot of people become stars in their church . ... The church environment is so supportive . When you are first starting out and learning how to sing in front of an audience , that 's the kind of audience you want to be in front of . Even if you mess up and you sound horrible , they kind of let you stand there and collect yourself while the pianist keeps playing . Then they plow through it with you . That 's a part of the business , a professionalism that really comes in handy when you get to this level . CNN : You 've had some experiences with singing competitions . How is "  Gospel Dream " different ? Locke : It 's different in that the contestants are very focused on where they want to be and the type of music they want to sing . When you are on "  Idol , " you are forced to fit into all of these different genres you may or may not want to do and you may or may not even be familiar with them . The "  Gospel Dream " contestants ' direction is really clear and defined , so they are picking songs that really speak to them on a personal level . Watch Locke talk about the show " CNN : How has life been for you post - "  Idol ? " Locke : Life has been great post - "  Idol . " So many opportunities , so many things I would have never imagined . Things that I did n't even associate with singing , like modeling , hosting , being a spokesperson , owning a restaurant . It just opened so many doors . CNN : You were a plus-sized model and spokesperson for Lane Bryant , but now you are way too small to do that . Locke : That really opened me up to bond with my fans . I tell people I 'm still a big girl at heart . CNN : When is your next album coming out ? Locke : I just started working on the next album . We are in the very preliminary stages of putting together the concept of the record and we just compiled a bunch of songs to start listening to . CNN : Are you planning on doing any other reality shows ? Locke : I 'm not really a big reality show fan . I did "  Celebrity Fit Club " because there was a purpose behind that in my wanting to lose weight . There is only one reality show I really , really want to do , and that 's "  Dancing With the Stars . " I want to be on that show because then I 'd lose the extra 10 to 15 pounds I want to lose .	Singer Kimberley Locke finished third during season two of "  American Idol " She is co-hosting the fourth season of the talent competition "  Gospel Dream " Locke has worked steadily since "  Idol " as a spokesperson , host and performer She says she 'd like to appear on "  Dancing With the Stars "
CNN  -- After being detained for allegedly erupting outside a Tucson , Arizona , supermarket -- gunning down 19 people , including six fatally -- Jared Lee Loughner refused to talk to investigators . But , well before , the 22-year-old had proven quick and ready to share his opinions and experiences with strangers online . A picture on his MySpace bulletin board posted just six hours before the shooting was by no means Loughner 's only foray into social media . In fact , on several websites over the past three years , Loughner presented over-the-top assertions , posed random questions and made rambling comments that drew sympathy , scorn and confusion from others in his online forums . He griped about losing job after job . Ranted about handicapped people and the educational system . And opened up about his round-the-clock struggle with aggression and difficulty in finding companionship . "  He seems like one of those people who avoids substance abuse because he is already strange , " one commenter posted about an online persona , later identified as Loughner , on a thread on the gaming website Earth Empires . Postings on Earth Empires , which bills itself as a "  free browser-based strategy game " in which members take over a nation 's economy and military , were similar to those of a person believed to be Loughner made on the site , Abovetopsecret.com , as well as on MySpace . Together , these online comments and diatribes suggest a person eagerly trying to engage others , unafraid to articulate his personal struggles and , while only rarely hinting at violence , displaying little in the way of political correctness or respect for powers-that-be . Even as he had frightened fellow students and alarmed instructors at Pima Community College , a poster identified Friday on the Earth Empires site as "  Dare " and referred to , in responses and by himself , as Jared often interacted with fellow users . An Earth Empires blog posted Friday said that Loughner had made more than 100 posts on 50 topics , having participated in games on the site since his high school days . He 'd started nearly 30 of these threads himself , but had not been active since June 2010 , according to the post . "  As a community , we are absolutely horrified that someone who had been part of our relatively small group could be involved in such a horrible act , " the post said . Beyond the gaming elements , Earth Empires also features private threads in which its members can comment on a variety of topics . That includes rants on hot-button topics and even cartoons , including one in which the poster , Dare , refers to himself as Jared . Some postings are lighter in nature , on subjects ranging from weightlifting to taxidermy to Dare 's affinity for the music group Insane Clown Posse . But others are deeper . On a thread he started that solicits stories about rejection by the opposite sex , he expresses sadness . And on a thread about the participants ' hardest final exam , Dare ends one comment with the words "  Mental breakdown . " He titled one message string "  Would you hit a Handy Cap Child/Adult ? , " posting insulting words about and images of mentally challenged people . On a May 9 thread , Dare asks : "  Dose  sic  anyone have aggression 24/7 ? " While they engage and kid with him on occasion , fellow commenters on Earth Empires increasingly call out Dare for what they call his nonsensical rants . Dare 's posts also dwell extensively on his employment history . On a thread started by Dare on May 14 , 2010 , the poster expresses his disgust after filling out more than 20 applications for a part-time job and being rejected . According to the post , Dare was terminated from "  Peter Piper Pizza , Chineese fast food , Red Robin - @ -LSB- User who knew Jared outside of the game -RSB- ... The drug hang out. , Quiznos , and Eddie Bauer . " Dan Barnes , owner of the Red Robin in the Tucson Mall , told CNN in a phone interview that Loughner was employed at his restaurant as a busboy from November 2006 until February 2008 , when he put in his two-week notice and told Barnes that he planned to join the Army . "  He was a good , quiet kid , " Barnes said . "  We have no negative items in his file . " A person at the Tucson office of Peter Piper Pizza confirmed that Loughner was employed from January to March 2006 at the pizza parlor on West Ina Road , down the street from where the shooting occurred in Tucson . No one there recalled Loughner , but payroll records verified he worked as a general crew member . Jose Landeros , who said he worked with Loughner at Quiznos , told CNN 's John King on Tuesday that Loughner was fired because of poor customer service and that he "  did n't really care about work or anything . " Doreen Jarman , a spokesperson for Eddie Bauer , said by e-mail that "  Loughner was not employed at Eddie Bauer at the time of Saturday 's incident and has not worked for the company for more than a year . " Dare is approximately the inverse of the name Erad3 , which was used on another website , abovetopsecret.com . Mark Allin , that site 's co-owner , said he believes Erad3 is Loughner . Between February 2009 and September 2010 , Erad3 made assertions such as that NASA had never flown a manned space shuttle mission , there was no Mars rover , and people can make their own currency . Abovetopsecret.com focuses on "  alternative news " and information "  not covered by the mainstream media , " Allin said . He noted that all the postings attributed to Erad3 originated in Loughner 's hometown of Tucson . Those messages from Erad3 -- riddled with grammatical errors -- often became the object of ridicule , scorn or sympathy from other contributors . "  The ranting about proof ,  your  inability to make a coherent sentence gives you away red handed , " one person wrote . "  It wo n't be long  until  you have been banned once again . " Unlike some of his posts as Dare on the Earth Empires site , the comments from Erad3 on did n't mention violence . But they do reflect a strong urge to break free of any restraints -- real or imagined -- imposed by government officials . CNN 's Mia Aquino contributed to this report .	NEW : Website used by Loughner says it is "  absolutely horrified " by violence Loughner discussed aggression , referred to "  mental breakdown " on Earth Empires site Posting under the name Dare , he mentions being fired from several workplaces The poster discusses topics like grammar , weightlifting , education and the handicapped
Washington  CNN  -- A new national poll suggests that as President Barack Obama prepares to try to convince a skeptical American public why the U.S. should take military action against Syria , he may be partly to blame for the box he 's put himself into . The CNN/ORC poll released Tuesday indicates that Americans are divided evenly on whether Obama is a strong leader as well as whether he 's honest and trustworthy . "  One concern is the messenger himself , " CNN Polling Director Keating Holland said . "  The public 's split right down the middle on whether Obama is a strong leader , whether he is honest and trustworthy , and whether he inspires confidence . " Obama tells CNN a ` breakthrough ' is possible on Syria And the poll also found that only one in five say they completely understand Obama 's Syria policy . A little more than half said they "  somewhat " understand the administration 's game plan and about three in 10 said they are not very clear , or do n't understand at all , the administration 's strategy . Obama will get the opportunity to explain the policy directly to the American people when he addresses the nation at 9 p.m. ET Tuesday . CNN Poll : Most do n't approve of how Obama is handling foreign policy War weariness is also partly to blame , the poll suggests  $ " six in 10 say the Iraq war was a mistake and about half say the same thing about the war in Afghanistan . As a result , three-quarters say the U.S. should n't play the role of world policeman . "  The president 's challenge is profound , both from a personal and from a policy standpoint , " said CNN Chief National Correspondent John King . "  Personally the country is split on their opinion of the president , and from a policy perspective they have huge doubts right now . " Polls released on Monday showed that more than seven in 10 Americans said a strike would not achieve significant goals and a similar number said they did n't see how a strike on Syria would serve the national interest . A majority opposes Congress passing a resolution that would give Obama the authority to launch military operations against the regime of Bashar al-Assad , which Obama says is responsible for a chemical weapons attack on civilians that killed more than 1,000 people . CNN Poll : Most do n't want Obama to attack Syria Members of Congress say they 're hearing that opposition from their constituents . While most members of the House and Senate say they 're undecided on how they 'll vote , the number of those who have made up their mind they will vote against it by far outnumber those who say they 'll vote for it . The president is also up against the fact that Syria is nowhere near the top issue for most Americans . "  Syria may be the topic 24/7 on Capitol Hill and at the White House , but nearly three times as many Americans say the economy 's the country 's top issue than say the same about Syria , " Holland added . The poll was conducted for CNN by ORC International September 6-8 , with 1,022 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey 's overall sampling error is plus or minus three percentage points .	Americans are evenly divided on Obama leadership qualities and whether he 's trustworthy White House has failed to explain its Syria plan -- only 1 in 5 say they fully understand it War weariness is partly to blame : Three-quarters say U.S. should n't be world 's policeman
CNN  -- Real Madrid 's dismal start to the La Liga season continued on Saturday as the reigning champions slumped to a 1-0 against Sevilla at the Estadio Ramon Sanchez Pizjuan . German international Piotr Trochowski scored the only goal of the game in the second minute to lift Sevilla to third in the table with eight points and leave Madrid languishing in 10th with four -- their worst start to a season since 2001-02 . Cristiano Ronaldo 's attempts to get Madrid back in level terms were thwarted by Andres Palop in Sevilla 's goal before the break and Jose Mourinho 's double substitution at halftime -- new signing Luka Modric and Karim Benzema replacing Angel Di Maria and Mesut Ozil -- made little impact . "  Right now I have no team . We are a team without concentration . At halftime , I changed two players and wanted to change six , " Mourinho said . To make matters worse , arch rivals Barcelona recorded their fourth straight win of the season on Saturday -- running out 4-1 winners against Getafe -- to open up a gap of eight points over Real . Brazilian full-back Adriano opened the scoring for Barca in the 32nd minute before Messi , who came on as a substitute in the 59th minute , bagged two goals in the final quarter of the match . The first came from the penalty spot in the 74th minute -- after Pedro had been brought down by defender Juan Valera -- before he side-footed a second goal four minutes later . David Villa -- who also came on as a substitute -- rounded off a resounding win for Tito Vilanova 's men with a injury-time strike . The only downside was the early departure of Carlos Puyol , who limped off in the 57th minute . "  The most important thing is we have 12 points from 12 , we tried to control the game and we could have scored a few more . We 'll see tomorrow how long Puyol will be out , it 's a problem , he gives us a lot of organisation at the back and is very important for us , "  Vilanova said . In Saturday 's other fixtures , Malaga are up to second after beating Levante 3-1 while Valencia recorded their first win of the season with a 2-1 win against Celta Vigo .	Real Madrid record worst start to La Liga season in over a decade A 1-0 defeat at Sevilla leaves them with four points from as many matches Jose Mourinho 's team now eight points behind leaders Barcelona Tito Vilanova 's side maintain 100 % start to season with 4-1 over Getafe
Are you starting to take for granted the popping colors and hyper-detail of your HDTV ? Fear not . 4K television is on the way , with screens that promise four times better resolution than today 's best high-definition offerings . A standard high-definition TV has a 1080p resolution , meaning more than 2 million pixels per frame . The new wave of 4K TVs have more than 8.8 million pixels , providing greater accuracy of detail ; clearer , sharper pictures ; and greater contrast and color than regular HD . So far Sony is leading the pack with a giant 4K model already on the market with others hitting stores soon . But other manufacturers are n't far behind , meaning some living rooms might soon feel a lot more like going to the theater for a blockbuster . Sony is hoping that consumers will be willing to pay for that experience . Last fall , the electronics giant unveiled a 4K television that measured 84 inches diagonally and cost a hefty $ 25,000 . Now , they 're rolling out smaller and less expensive models , as well . The knock so far has been that there 's not very much content out there yet that can actually take advantage of 4K 's higher-def display . But Sony says it 's working on that , too , as the technology becomes more mainstream . "  The digital cinema set started to focus on 4K . Even films that are being shot in 4K , you 're going to the movie theater and not even realizing it , " Rob Manfredo , a Sony spokesman , said . "  They are showing you an upscale version of that movie on a 4K projector . Because movies and the movie theater experience has gone in that direction and consumers want that same experience in their homes , it was a logical step for us . " Manfredo said that with fewer consumers purchasing televisions under 40 inches , bigger is becoming standard and the resolution had to improve . Sony will release 65-inch and a 55-inch versions that can be in homes starting this month , coupled with a video player set for release in June that can show movies produced in 4K . "  What 4K allows is for bigger screens to look just as good as they 're supposed to and allow consumers to get closer to the TV for a more immersive , home theater experience -- something more similar to what it 's like to go to the movies , " Manfredo said . While Sony is the most prominent company getting into 4K , they 're not alone . Chinese tech company OEM Seiki is rolling out a cheaper 4K television for $ 1,500 . It does n't have many fancy features , which accounts for the price , and it comes on the heels of other simple and cheap offerings out of China . LG , Sharp , Panasonic and Samsung have all turned heads with eye-popping displays at tech gatherings , as well . The 4K picture starts with the camera , which can capture details better than standard HD cameras . Manfredo said the image sensor in the 4K camera is far larger than an average video capture device . But do n't think of this like Peter Jackson 's attempt at 48 frames per second with "  The Hobbit , " which was jarring for some viewers . Manfredo said the amount of digital data being captured with 4K cameras is the main difference . The end product with a 4K camera and television is going to visually be clearer , crisper and more detailed than something shot at 48 frames per second , he says . The "  wizard behind the curtain " in the 4K television is a multichip processor called the 4K X-Reality PRO Picture Engine . Not only does it render native 4K into a sharper picture , but it also analyzes frame-by-frame non-4K signals to get them to look as good as possible . That means even content not shot in 4K will look better , Manfredo said . "  If you are watching a Blu-Ray , which is as pristine as it 's going to get for 1080p resolution , it 's going to upscale it to pretty darn near 4K , " he said . "  If you are watching a 720p broadcast of ESPN , it may not get as close , but it 's going to look a lot better . " Right now , there are no cable channels or satellite providers offering 4K broadcasts , but Sony is in talks with DirectTV , DISH and FIOS about adding those channels . A new 4K video player is coming out in June that will include 10 movies and 40-50 shorts rendered in 4K resolution . Later this summer , Sony is launching a digital download service offering a wider variety of 4K content . Manfredo said there are more than 100 movies in native 4K resolution . When the 84-inch 4K television was revealed last fall , many said it was too big -- both the size of the screen and the price tag -- to appeal to the home consumer . Manfredo said Sony has been able to reduce the costs to something comparable to the cost of a premium HD television . "  For $ 5,500 , you can have a 4K television and 4K movies in your house come June of this year , " he said . While major motion picture companies have been leading the charge to 4K , home film makers can make their own 4K movies or pictures if their camera is good enough . Manfredo said technically , any digital camera that is higher than 8 megapixels is considered 4K . "  But no one has a television in their house that was able to see all that resolution their cameras were picking up , " he said . "  4K TVs  can let you see the pictures as you saw them . "	New wave of 4K TVs offers picture four times sharper than HD Sony is already on the market with a 84-inch model for $ 25,000 One complaint so far is that there 's not much content shot in 4K LG , Sharp , Panasonic , Sony and Samsung all have sets in the works
Washington  CNN  -- Members of Congress and their staffs would be prohibited from using insider legislative information for investment purposes under legislation filed Tuesday in the wake of a CBS News "  60 Minutes " report . On Sunday , "  60 Minutes " aired a report highlighting instances in which congressional officials reportedly bought stocks around the same time Congress was discussing legislation affecting those companies or industries . The show looked at the investments of various lawmakers -- including House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , House Speaker John Boehner and Republican Rep. Spencer Bachus of Alabama . The bill filed Tuesday by Massachusetts Republican Sen. Scott Brown would make it illegal for elected congressional officials , their staffs and executive branch employees to use information about pending bills that 's not available to the general public in making investment decisions . It would also forbid them from making such information public for personal gain . Brown 's bill , which he called the Stop Trading on Congressional Knowledge , or STOCK Act , would clarify insider trading regulations that do not clearly identify whether the use of inside government information constitutes insider trading . "  Members of Congress should live under the same laws as everyone else . If they trade on inside knowledge to line their own pockets , they should be punished , " Brown said in a statement , without referencing any of the officials named in the report . "  Serving the public is a privilege and honor , not an opportunity for personal gain . " On Sunday , Pelosi fired back at the report , dismissing claims that her 2008 purchase with her husband of 5,000 shares of the initial public offering of credit card company Visa conflicted with a piece of legislation -- opposed by credit-card companies -- that was making its way through the House . "  It is very troubling that '60 Minutes ' would base their reporting off of an already-discredited conservative author who has made a career of out attacking Democrats , " Pelosi 's spokesman , Drew Hammill , said in a statement soon after the report aired . He added that Congress passed even stronger credit card legislation at about the same time . In addition to Pelosi , the CBS report looked at the investments of of Bachus and Boehner . Bachus bought options funds betting financial markets would fall at about the same time he met with with then-Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson , Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke and lawmakers about the imminent collapse of the global economy , CBS reported . He also traded General Electric stock , and roughly a third of GE 's business is in financial services , CBS reported . CBS said Boehner bought health insurance stocks during the health care debate , which increased in value after Republicans succeeded in killing a proposal to allow the government to offer a health insurance plan to compete with private companies . In a statement , Bachus ' office said the representative never trades financial services stocks or trades on private information . Boehner said at a news conference that he has not made decisions on his stock portfolio for years .	Bill would prohibit members of Congress , their staffs , from trading on inside information Members of Congress should live by the same rules everyone else does , sponsor says Massachusetts senator files the bill after "  60 Minutes " questioned congressional trades House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi criticized the report
Washington  CNN  -- Politics is full of second chances . Former South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford -- now U.S. Rep. Mark Sanford -- is living proof . Former Rep. Anthony Weiner is trying to travel the same road to political redemption . And now add former New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer to the list , as he embarks on a similar journey . In this age of lighting fast news cycles and fleeting memories , are disgraced politicians sitting in the penalty box for a shorter time before launching a comeback ? A Republican political strategist thinks it reflects a lower opinion of politicians . "  The required waiting time has been greatly condensed in recent years , indicating present voters are holding elected officials to a much lower standard then previous generations , " said John Brabender , a longtime top political adviser to 2012 Republican presidential candidate and former Sen. Rick Santorum . Spitzer , who resigned in 2008 after revelations he spent thousands of dollars on prostitutes , launched a petition campaign Monday to become New York City comptroller . "  I made significant errors . I stood up , accepted responsibility , resigned . It 's now been five years , I hope the public will extend its forgiveness to me , " the Democrat said Monday morning on radio 's "  The Bill Press Show . " "  I think it is a land of forgiveness , of people in their natural goodness  who  understand the fact that ... we sin , we pay a price and hopefully continue , " added Spitzer , who served two terms as New York State attorney general before winning election as governor in 2006 . Spitzer , who needs to gather the 3,750 signatures by Thursday to get into the September primary ballot , would be on the same Democratic ballot as Weiner , who is running for mayor and would have the quickest redemption . Opinion : Zombie politicians find new life after disgrace Weiner would have the shortest time in time-out should he be elected . He was in his seventh term in Congress , representing parts of the New York City boroughs of Queens and Brooklyn , when he resigned from the House in 2011 amid scandal over lewd photos sent via Twitter . He talked about getting another chance in the video announcing his candidacy , saying , "  I made some big mistakes , and I know I let a lot of people down . But I 've also learned some tough lessons . I 'm running for mayor because I 've been fighting for the middle class and those struggling my entire life . And I hope I get a second chance to work for you . " Spitzer , who since stepping down has been a commentator for various news outlets including CNN , disagrees with the Weiner comparison , and said he 's not on a quest for redemption , but instead stressed that he 's motivated by what he said are personal pleas from New Yorkers urging him to get back into public service . "  If that 's what I want , then I do n't think this is the path to it . What I am seeking is service , " he said on CBS "  This Morning . " Republican Sanford 's political career appeared dead after he finished out his term amid repercussions of admitting to an extramarital affair in 2009 . But he won redemption in a special election in May to fill a vacant congressional seat in the state 's 1st Congressional District , which he represented before serving as governor . Opinion : New York 's sex scandal candidates The media loves a comeback story , if only because it allows them it an opportunity to revisit what brought down that politician in the first place . And redemption stories resonate with the public . "  Voters love a good comeback story -- we identify with the underdog and cheer for him as we would for ourselves , " said Republican strategist and CNN contributor Alex Castellanos . "  But voters also love justice . We want people to pay for their mistakes . " Share your views on Spitzer and Weiner Brabender said votes have increasingly shown they are willing to forgive indiscretions . "  It all comes down to how well the scandal is handled , voters assessment of relevance to doing the job , and choosing the right time for re-entry into the political arena , " he said . Spitzer to run against madam Democratic strategist and CNN contributor Paul Begala says faster news cycles and fleeting memories may be behind this year 's trio of comeback bids , "  but it may also be a result of a very healthy American aversion to being too judgmental . " "  It used to be an iron law of politics that no divorced person could be president . Then Ronald Reagan proved that wrong , " said Begala , who was a top political adviser to President Bill Clinton and a senior adviser last year to a super PAC that worked for President Barack Obama 's re-election . "  Ultimately politics is about voters ' lives , not politicians -- if voters think someone can make a difference in their life , they will overlook personal shortcomings , " he added . "  But the key is not to make the campaign about the politician 's need for redemption , but about voters ' need for jobs . " CNN 's Ashley Killough , Ed Payne and Adam Reiss contributed to this story	Trio of disgraced politicians show that voters have gotten more forgiving Disgraced former New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer is latest to announce comeback bid Political strategist says shorter turnaround reflects voters lower opinions of politicians Others say Americans have always been forgiving and avoid appearing judgmental
CNN  -- President Barack Obama said Wednesday the United States and its allies have "  made real progress " in talks with Iran over its nuclear program , but "  significant gaps " remain and more work is necessary . He added in remarks at the White House that more time may be needed to continue talks beyond the July 20 deadline for a comprehensive agreement . Obama said he would continue consultations , including discussions with Congress , about whether to extend the negotiations . Obama met with John Kerry at the White House earlier in the day to review the secretary of state 's discussions in recent days with other world powers negotiating with Iran along with the United States . An interim deal that took effect in January required Iran to dismantle or freeze some of its nuclear program and open it to more international inspections in return for limited relief from crippling international sanctions . Obama said that Iran has met its commitments under the interim accord . CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	President Barack Obama met with Secretary of State John Kerry at the White House Kerry is just back from talks with other world powers negotiating with the U.S. on Iran Obama said there was progress in the negotiations , but more work is needed The group faces a July 20 deadline for reaching a comprehensive framework
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistani troops have been moved to the Indian border amid fears of an Indian ground incursion , two Pakistani military officials told CNN on Friday . File image of a Pakistani soldier The troops were deployed from Pakistan 's western border with Afghanistan , where forces have been battling Taliban and al Qaeda militants in North West Frontier Province and the Federally Administered Tribal Areas . Pakistan 's armed forces have been on high alert in anticipation of a possible conflict with India following last month 's terrorist attacks in Mumbai , which killed 160 people . India believes the 10 men who carried out the attacks were trained at a terrorist camp in the Pakistani-controlled part of Kashmir . A senior official said the troops had been moved from areas where there are no active military operations , and emphasized that troop levels have not been depleted in areas where soldiers are battling militants , such as the Swat Valley and near Peshawar , capital of the North West region . In addition to the move , leave for all military personnel has been restricted and all troops were called back to active duty , the senior official said . Asked for a reaction to the development , Husain Haqqani , Pakistani ambassador to the United States , said , "  Pakistan does not seek war , but we need to be vigilant against threats of war emanating from the other side of our eastern border . " He said Pakistan 's conduct since the Mumbai attack "  has been consistent with international expectations . There is no justification for threats against Pakistan . " "  Pakistan is also a victim of terrorism and will continue to act against terrorists , " he added . "  We are a country of rule of law and need evidence to prosecute anyone for the crime of terrorism . " U.S. National Security Council spokesman Gordon Johndroe said the United States has been "  in close contact " with India and Pakistan in probing the Mumbai attack and fighting terror . He is hoping that "  both sides will avoid taking steps that will unnecessarily raise tensions during these already tense times . " In London , England , Pakistani envoy to Britain Wajid Shamsul Hasan countered the report , noting that winter redeployments are normal and that only police and not the army had their vacation canceled . While he criticized India 's "  coercive diplomacy " and regretted India 's "  war hysteria , " he underscored the fact that the two countries do n't want to go to war . Tensions increased between nuclear rivals India and Pakistan following the November 26 attacks in Mumbai , where militants launched a coordinated strike against luxury hotels , a Jewish center and other targets . India has criticized Islamabad for not doing enough to counter terrorism , and it has accused elements within the Pakistan government and military of complicity in fueling terrorism in the region . On Thursday , Pakistani Foreign Minister Shah Mahmood Qureshi warned India to refrain from launching any strikes against Pakistan , according to a report in The Nation newspaper . Another unnamed Pakistani military official told CNN that the Pakistani military has been taking precautionary measures to safeguard borders in the face of mounting military threats from India over the Mumbai attacks . "  Naturally , you have to take certain steps to stem that expected tide of Indian operations , " he said , "  You ca n't fight on both fronts so we have redeployed certain military elements from the western border to the northern border to meet Indian operations . " The official said that while Pakistan has tolerated U.S. missile strikes from Afghanistan into Pakistan , he believes the government and public would not stand for an Indian incursion . In the Indian capital of New Delhi on Friday , three military chiefs briefed Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on the security situation . An Indian officer said Indian soldiers have spotted Pakistani troop movements along the Line of Control in Kashmir . The Line of Control divides the disputed region between the area controlled by India and the area administered by Pakistan . Indian defense spokesman Sitanshu Kar said India is n't carrying out a troop buildup along its western borders but "  is monitoring the situation closely . " He also said he is "  not aware " of military reports about Pakistani troop mobilization along the Indian border . "  But we are keeping a vigil , " Kar said . Since the division of the subcontinent in 1947 , India and Pakistan have fought three wars , including two over the disputed territory of Kashmir -- now wracked by an 18-year , bloody separatist campaign that authorities say has left at least 43,000 dead . There also was a limited border conflict in 1999 between the countries in Kashmir . CNN 's Sara Sidner , Mukhtar Ahmad , Nic Robertson and Harmeet Singh contributed to this report	Pakistan has moved troops to border with India amid rising tensions , officials say Pakistan forces on high alert after terror attacks last month in Mumbai Indian defense spokesman : India "  is monitoring the situation closely " The two countries have fought three wars since 1947
Bakuriani , Georgia  CNN  -- The 21-year-old Georgian luger who propelled to his death after sliding off the track during an Olympic practice run in Vancouver was laid to rest in his hometown Saturday . Some 4,000 citizens from every walk of life mourned silently as Nodar Kumaritashvili was buried in his hometown of Bakuriani . The mourners included President Mikhail Saakashvili , who was clad in a Georgian Olympics shirt to show his national solidarity . "  I wanted to throw a wedding feast for you , " the athlete 's father , David Kumaritashvili , said in a eulogy . "  Instead we have a funeral . " Kumaritashvili died during a practice run when he slammed into a steel pole near the end of the 4,500-foot-long course and was propelled off the track , according to the International Olympics Committee . A preliminary inquiry said human error caused the accident because he came out of a turn too late . But Nodar 's family and many Georgians do n't accept that explanation . There had been concerns from athletes about the speed of the record-setting track at the Whistler Sliding Center in Vancouver ahead of the opening of the 2010 Winter Olympics , according to a Georgian official . "  There were some questions asked by other athletes even before this tragic accident , " said Nikolas Rurua , Georgia 's deputy minister for culture and sports , adding that there had been several crashes in the same area . "  But at this moment it would be premature for me to jump to any conclusions . " Video of the crash shows Kumaritashvili lying motionless after being thrown from his sled and striking the pole when he was coming out of the course 's last turn . He was given cardio-pulmonary resuscitation by medical staff on site before being transported to a hospital where doctors were unable to revive him , the IOC said . The luge is often called the "  fastest sport on ice . " Sliders use their legs and shoulders to steer small fiberglass sleds down an icy track , at times approaching or surpassing speeds of 90 mph , according to the Vancouver 2010 Winter Olympics Web site . They are positioned on their backs with their feet straight out in front of them and their heads back to be as aerodynamic as possible . A track speed record -- and world speed record -- was recorded at Whistler on February 21 , 2009 , when a single men 's luge athlete , Germany 's Felix Loch , topped 95 mph during competition . American luger Tony Benshoof held the previous world speed record of 86.8 mph set in 2001 . A somber seven-member Georgian delegation wore black armbands to the February 12 opening ceremonies , and a black ribbon was tied atop the Georgian flag in tribute to Kumaritashvili . The team received a standing ovation from the 60,000 spectators in attendance . Kumaritashvili 's death was the first time an athlete had been killed during the games since 1992 , when a Swiss skier crashed into a snow-clearing machine on a public trail while training in the closing days of the games , according to NBC News , the official broadcaster of the Vancouver Games . Journalist Eka Kadagishvili contributed to this report .	Nodar Kumaritashvili killed during Olympics practice run in Vancouver Preliminary inquiry says human error caused accident Other athletes expressed concerned about the speed of the luge track Kumaritashvili 's death was the first since 1992 Games
CNN  -- Retired FBI agent Jim Ingram is charged with chasing down stories and shadows more than four decades old . Retired FBI agent Jim Ingram is helping the bureau re-examine civil rights cases from the 1960s . "  I knew these old informants , I knew these old witnesses , " Ingram said . "  Some of them can not hear , some of them have really lost their eyesight almost , but you still , most of them had good memories . "  And those are the ones that we called upon to testify . " In the 1960s , as a young FBI agent , Ingram investigated civil rights cases in Mississippi . "  The 1960s were turbulent years in Mississippi . Oh , my goodness , " Ingram said . "  Oh , we had a lot of action . " In 2005 , after he 'd been retired for years , the FBI asked him to help re-examine dozens of unsolved civil rights cases that had slipped through history 's cracks . "  I never in my wildest dreams thought the FBI would call upon a 75-year-old man to assist them , " Ingram said of his work in the bureau 's cold-case initiative . His tasks include sifting through old evidence , tracking down witnesses and re-interviewing them . Sometimes , he testifies in court . His work helped convict James Ford Seale , a former Mississippi sheriff 's deputy , of kidnapping and conspiracy in the 1964 deaths of black teenagers Henry Dee and Charles Eddie Moore . According to the Jackson  Mississippi  Clarion-Ledger -- citing FBI documents -- Dee and Moore were picked up by two men while hitchhiking on May 2 , 1964 . The men were members of the Ku Klux Klan , but they told the two teenagers they were law enforcement officials . Instead of giving them a ride , however , the men drove the pair deep into the woods and beat them . Later , they drove them across the Mississippi River , weighed them down with a Jeep motor block and dumped them into the Old River in Louisiana . A fisherman found one of the bodies in July of that year and reported it to authorities , the Clarion-Ledger said . Seale and another man were suspected in the case , but authorities had trouble lining up witnesses . Pursuit of the case dissipated over time , but as other civil rights-era cases were solved , notably the 2005 conviction of Edgar Ray Killen for the deaths of three civil rights workers , interest was regenerated . "  You can just imagine the terror of these two young men after being beaten in the woods , " Ingram said . He and another FBI agent retraced the steps of that spring day with federal prosecutors , Ingram said . "  They knew they were going to die because ... -LSB- the men -RSB- told them what they were going to do . " Seale will be sentenced later this year , Ingram said . Ingram says he does feel a sense of accomplishment for bringing Seale and others to justice . "  There is a feeling of satisfaction because I 've been at this thing for years , " Ingram said . "  I entered the FBI in 1953 , and here it is , my goodness , 2007 , and I 'm still active in many ways , and I told the FBI as long as my memory holds up , I 'll help them , " he said . E-mail to a friend	Jim Ingram worked in the FBI 's Mississippi office during the turbulent 1960s In 2005 , the bureau asked for his help in re-examining unsolved cases His work helped convict James Ford Seale for the 1964 murder of two teens
CNN  -- Three people have been detained for questioning in Belize in the weekend killing of Gregory Faull , a neighbor of Internet pioneer John McAfee , who was being sought for questioning , police said . The detentions are routine in such investigations , said Raphael Martinez , a spokesman for the National Police in the Central American country . Faull , 52 , was found dead with a gunshot wound to the back of the head on Sunday in his home near San Pedro Belize , on the Caribbean island of Ambergris Caye , Martinez said . Faull was killed after four of 11 dogs belonging to McAfee were fatally poisoned , said Wired Magazine Contributing Editor Joshua Davis , who said he had spent more than 100 hours with McAfee in recent months . Faull had frequently complained about the dogs barking , Davis said . "  The dogs were poisoned on Friday night , they died very quickly , " Davis said . "  Sometime between Saturday night and Sunday morning , Mr. Faull was killed . " Martinez said a person working for McAfee called police Saturday about a poisoned dog ; when police arrived at McAfee 's residence , they found the dogs had been buried . Martinez said there had been "  some sort of misunderstanding " before Saturday between McAfee and Faull about the dogs . McAfee , 67 , told Davis on Tuesday that he did not kill his neighbor , the reporter said . "  He says that he 's had very little contact with Greg over the past three years , " Davis said . "  They 've spoken maybe 50 words total . Nonetheless , there was antagonism there . McAfee admits that . " McAfee told Davis that , when police visited his home on Sunday , he hid from them . "  McAfee saw them coming and he dug a hole in the sand and buried himself in the sand , he says , and he put a cardboard box over his head so he could breathe , " Davis said . "  He said it was extremely uncomfortable , but he believes that the police will kill him if he turns himself in . " "  My goodness , " Martinez said when asked about McAfee 's reported fear . "  He needs to come in so that we can clear the air . We are law-abiding people here . We follow the laws to the letter . We believe at this point that he has absolutely no fear of being killed by anybody . " McAfee is not a suspect , Martinez said . He is a person police want to talk with "  to clarify the situation , to allay the fears of everybody that perhaps he is indeed involved in the murder of his neighbor , " whose house is about 300 yards away , Martinez said . Investigators were pursuing multiple leads , he added . On Wednesday , police said they had filed weapons charges against McAfee 's bodyguard , William Mulligan , 29 , and Mulligan 's wife , Stefanie Mulligan , 22 . The two are accused of keeping a firearm and ammunition without a license . They were arrested on McAfee 's property , police said . In a telephone interview with Davis that was posted on Wired 's website , McAfee said Tuesday morning that he was hiding from authorities . "  Obviously , given enough time , they will track me down , " he said . "  It 's just a matter of time . In the meantime I 'd like to get out as much information as I can about the wrongs in this country . " He said a number of the country 's political figures were corrupt . McAfee has a history of problems with the government , Davis said . In April , a gang-suppression squad raided one of his properties and charged him with running a methamphetamine lab and illegal arms possession , Davis said . The charges were dropped . "  Ever since then , McAfee thinks he 's been harassed by the police , " Davis said . "  And I directly confronted him on this and I said , ` Maybe you 're paranoid . ' He talks about police hiding in bushes and stalking . " Davis said he "  wondered if there was something bad that was going to happen . " "  I do agree that he is a very eccentric multi-millionaire and I also felt fear with him , " he said . McAfee founded the Internet security company that bears his name , but left it in 1994 , said company spokeswoman Kimberly Eichorn . McAfee graduated in 1967 with a degree in mathematics from Roanoke College , according to the Virginia school . He went on to found several tech companies and to launch groundbreaking products , including the voice-recognition system Interpath Inc. in 1981 , McAfee in 1988 , and the instant messaging pioneer Tribal Voice in 1996 . Faull , a construction contractor from central Florida , moved this year to Belize "  to transition to more adventures based in Belize , " his family said in a statement . Several years ago , he had bought a house on Ambergris Cay in Belize that had been damaged in a hurricane , the family said . "  Greg worked part-time for the past three years to rebuild the home , " it said . "  He recently completed work and had the property ready to offer as a vacation rental when he was murdered . " CNN 's Karen Smith and Alan Duke contributed to this report .	The detentions are routine in such investigations , police say McAfee acknowledges differences with the neighbor , Wired 's Joshua Davis says McAfee is a "  very eccentric multi-millionaire " who founded an Internet security firm McAfee left the firm he founded in 1994
London  CNN  -- David Bowie always did have impeccable timing . He released his song about a doomed astronaut , "  Space Oddity , " just days before the 1969 Moon landing . Four years later he killed off his most famous creation , the other-worldly "  Ziggy Stardust , " just at the point it threatened to overwhelm him . More than 130 million record sales later , Bowie is back after a relatively quiet decade  he underwent emergency heart surgery in 2004  . He celebrated his 66th birthday in January by releasing "  Where Are We Now , " his first song for more than 10 years , without any warning . His 27th studio album , "  The Next Day , " is riding high at the top of UK charts , earning critical acclaim . This weekend the doors will open on an extraordinary exhibition of Bowie 's life and career at the V&A Museum in London . "  David Bowie Is " chronicles the rise of an unknown singer called David Jones from the south London suburbs through his "  Ziggy Stardust " heyday and his later ground-breaking years spent holed up in Berlin . It also takes in his many acting roles and acclaimed fashion designs over the years . Read why Bowie is back to his mysterious best The exhibition 's curators , Geoffrey Marsh and Victoria Broackes , have had full access to the star 's archives , which means they have almost everything worth having . "  Most bands go bust or split up , " says Marsh , "  so to find a collection in one place which represents 40 or 50 years is pretty rare . "  There 's a whole generation which has grown up with him and although they find the idea of him in a museum a bit strange I think the fact that he can do that and produce a successful new album at the same time actually shows what a remarkable person he is . " The exhibition features for the first time more than 300 objects from Bowie 's life , from amazing stage outfits to rare photographs from the early years , videos of outstanding live performances screened in a thunderously loud surround-sound cinema , Bowie 's own musical instruments , record cover designs and paintings . "  When you see the costumes close up it is really thrilling , " says Broackes . "  Nothing beats it really in this age -- when you can do so many things in other ways -- actually seeing the real thing . You might have seen it on TV , you might have seen it on stage or on film , but to see for example the ` Ashes to Ashes ' costume close up it 's pretty fantastic . We 've also got the Ziggy costumes and they 're amazing . " The exhibition is creating almost as much of a buzz as Bowie 's new music , reflecting the unique position he holds in the British arts and music landscape . As Broackes says : "  Bowie 's permeated every area of our culture . He is no ordinary pop star . " "  David Bowie Is " at the V&A in central London , and runs from March 23 until August 11 .	Doors to open on exhibition of life of David Bowie at V&A museum in London His 27th studio album , "  The Next Day , " is riding high at the top of UK charts "  David Bowie Is " chronicles Bowie 's long career as singer , musician and actor Exhibition features for the first time more than 300 objects from Bowie 's life
SINGAPORE  CNN  -- Co-founder and executive director of Architecture for Humanity , Cameron Sinclair opened the second Principal Voices debate on Design for Good by outlining just what the term means to him , but also what it means to the communities his design solutions are aimed at . ` When your focus is social change ... why would n't you want to share that openly ? ' Taking the ego out of architecture , Sinclair sees the sharing of transformative design ideas as being a moral responsibility of today 's designers and architects . "  When your focus is social change and not financial change why would n't you want to share that openly ? " Below are some of Sinclair 's thoughts on a number of topics that were discussed at the debate . On shared design "  I always think of the design world like the medical world ; we have people who are plastic surgeons , but we have a lot of people who are in the emergency room and a lot of our designers are in the emergency room dealing with the critical issues like post-disaster issues or systemic issues or poverty . When I was in college the idea of being a socially responsible architect was unheard of , it was almost taboo : ` We 're trying to make jewels in the city ' , whereas a lot of us wanted to create cities that were jewels . " "  When your focus is social change and not financial change why would n't you want to share that openly ? Innovation only succeeds when it 's shared . If you 're a pioneer and you come up with something that can change the world and you turn round and say ` I 'm not going to share this idea with anyone ' then you only impact the few and not the many . " "  But we 're in a situation right now where we have to deal with a huge variety of issues . If you have a design idea that can improve the lives of a million people it 's almost ethically irresponsible to keep to it yourself . " On sustainability "  It angers me when sustainability gets used as a buzz word . For 90 percent of the world , sustainability is a matter of survival . When you as a designer design something that burdens a community with maintenance and old world technology , basically failed developed world technology then you will crush that community way beyond bad design ; you 'll destroy the economics of that community and often the community socially is broken . " "  You have to do this marriage between what is appropriate , learning from the local nature , but also can we leapfrog technologies , so we 're not burdening people with outdated technologies . If we can come up with that , then it truly is sustainable . " On community involvement in design "  The community is not your client but your partner . You do n't just put up some nice big rendering and tell them this is what you might have and do a Q&A . Doing workshops within the community and having them design these quiet moments of innovation within the larger developments , not only allows an empowerment of that community , but also ownership . " "  Just because you put their name on the building does n't mean they feel like they own it ; but empower them in the process not only does it quicken the process , but you find you have the political will you can put through things you never even imagined . " "  When you have strong common will , then projects go forward . There 's nothing worse than selling or convincing , but if you 're inspiring and including then it 's a beautiful thing , and at the end of it you 're part of the community . "	Second Principal Voices debate took place in Singapore on July 9 Cameron Sinclair lead calls to take ego out of architecture Believes that designers have moral responsibility to share good ideas
Washington  CNN  -- Iraqi authorities have shared information obtained from captured insurgents who claim al Qaeda is planning suicide attacks in the United States and Europe during the Christmas holiday season , a U.S. official said Thursday . The official said the threat report is being taken seriously , but there is no intelligence indicating there is a specific or credible threat against the U.S. homeland . But , the official added , al Qaeda in Iraq remains a dangerous force . The official indicated the United States remains vigilant , especially during the holidays , in light of what happened last Christmas -- a reference to the failed attempt to blow up an airliner over Detroit . Another U.S. official said "  we are looking closely " at the information coming from Iraq . Interpol spokesman Pietro Calcaterra told CNN that "  we have received information from our office in Baghdad about possible al Qaeda attacks on U.S. and European targets . " He did n't elaborate . Two Iraqi officials , Foreign Minister Hoshyar Zebari and government spokesman Ali al-Dabbagh , are saying there is no specific information about a Christmas attack . The U.S. military in Baghdad told CNN the American mission in Iraq "  will work closely with the government of Iraq and our interagency partners to help determine the extent of any potential threat . "	No specific threat is indicated against the United States An "  underwear " bomber tried to bring down a U.S. plane last Christmas
CNN  -- One moment they were reeling in a fish , and the next they were shipwrecked . Two American siblings , Dan and Kate Suski , are recovering on the Caribbean island of Saint Lucia after a weekend fishing trip turned into a harrowing experience . Their charter boat sank Sunday , and the pair endured many hours in the water before reaching a beach , a Saint Lucia police detective said . Four people were on the boat -- the two Americans , a captain and one crew member . A Saint Lucia resident found the Suski siblings on the beach and called police , the detective said . The captain and crew member were found hours later . "  We are feeling stronger each day and looking forward to reuniting with family and friends , " Dan Suski told CNN via e-mail . He and his sister expect to return to the United States by Sunday . "  They told me they had a fish on the line , and were fighting the fish , then heard a noise , " said David Suski , an older brother who was not on the trip but was briefed by his siblings . The captain checked out the engine room , which was filling up with water , David Suski said . It was only about "  three to five minutes from the time they heard the noise to when they had to abandon the boat and it sank , " he said . The sea was very rough , and it soon became dark , David Suski said . Officials later told them their boat sank about 12 miles off the coast . "  They are feeling lucky to be alive -- it was quite an ordeal -- both my brother and sister were treated for dehydration and when they made it shore , they drank from a stream , so they also were given antibiotics in case the water was n't clean , " David Suski said . Both Dan and Kate Suski can swim and had life jackets on , but that did n't make it any less scary . The pair spent two days in a hospital after reaching land .	The boat two siblings were on sank on Sunday off the coast of Saint Lucia They spent many hours in the water before reaching shore All four people on the boat survived
CNN  After more than nine years of traveling through the solar system , NASA 's New Horizons spacecraft has sent back its first color image of Pluto . The initial picture released on Tuesday shows a couple of orange-tinged blobs : Pluto and its largest moon , Charon . But the probe will soon be beaming back much sharper images and a wealth of other information about Pluto 's remote , unexplored corner of the solar system . "  This is pure exploration ; we 're going to turn points of light into a planet and a system of moons before your eyes , " said Alan Stern , New Horizons ' principal investigator . Launched in 2006 , New Horizons is nearing the crucial point in its epic voyage of more than 3 billion miles . The probe is due to make its closest approach to Pluto on July 14 . "  In an unprecedented flyby this July , our knowledge of what the Pluto system is really like will expand exponentially , and I have no doubt there will be exciting discoveries , " said John Grunsfeld , an astronaut and associate administrator of the NASA Science Mission Directorate . Discovered in 1930 , Pluto was once considered to be the smallest planet in the solar system . But scientists have since revised that view because of Pluto 's size and location , demoting it to the status of "  dwarf planet " : a planet that 's too small to clear other objects out of its way . Pluto is 1,400 miles wide , roughly half the width of the continental United States . At 3.6 billion miles out in the solar system , it 's about 40 times as far from the sun as Earth is . By discovering more about Pluto and its moons , New Horizons will shed light on a little-known third zone of the solar system , beyond the rocky planets and the gas giants . The area , known as the Kuiper Belt , contains "  mysterious small planets and planetary building blocks , " according to NASA . It 's known for producing comets , such as Halley 's Comet , which orbits the sun about every 75 years . New Horizons will use its array of cameras and other instruments to study Pluto 's surface and atmosphere , as well as its moons , which number at least five . It will also be on the lookout for rings and other satellites . Stern said the spacecraft 's encounter was set to be "  an exploration bonanza unparalleled in anticipation since the storied missions of Voyager in the 1980s . "	The New Horizons spacecraft captures image of Pluto and its largest moon It 's set to reveal new details as it nears the remote area of the solar system
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Republican presidential front-runner Sen. John McCain on Thursday defended his statement that U.S. troops could spend "  maybe 100 " years in Iraq -- saying he was referring to a military presence similar to what the nation already has in places like Japan , Germany and South Korea . Sen. John McCain defends his stance on troops in Iraq Thursday on CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " This week , Democratic presidential candidates Sen. Hillary Clinton and Sen. Barack Obama both took McCain to task for the comments , saying that if he 's elected he would continue what they call President Bush 's failed policies in Iraq . "  It 's not a matter of how long we 're in Iraq , it 's if we succeed or not , " McCain said to CNN 's Larry King . "  And both Sen. Obama and Clinton want to set a date for withdrawal -- that means chaos , that means genocide , that means undoing all the success we 've achieved and al Qaeda tells the world they defeated the United States of America . "  I wo n't let that happen . " Last month , at a town hall meeting in New Hampshire , a crowd member asked McCain about a Bush statement that troops could stay in Iraq for 50 years . "  Maybe 100 , " McCain replied . "  As long as Americans are not being injured or harmed or wounded or killed , it 's fine with me and I hope it would be fine with you if we maintain a presence in a very volatile part of the world where al Qaeda is training , recruiting , equipping and motivating people every single day . " The remaining Democratic contenders for the White House seized on the statement . Watch McCain talk about Mitt Romney 's endorsement and his critics on the right " "  He said recently he could see having troops in Iraq for 100 years , " Clinton said at an Arlington , Virginia , rally last week in a line she 's repeated on the campaign trail . "  Well , I want them home within 60 days of my becoming president of the United States . " Obama took a similar tack . "  Sen. McCain said the other day that we might be mired for 100 years in Iraq -- which is reason enough not to give him four years in the White House , " Obama has said on several occasions . McCain told King he thinks opponents are taking the quote out of context . He said any long-term troop presence in Iraq would depend on agreement from the Iraqi government . "  If they do n't want to and we do n't feel a need to do so , obviously , the whole thing is keyed to Americans being able to withdraw and come home with honor , not in defeat , " he said . McCain was endorsed Thursday by former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , once considered his fiercest rival for the GOP nomination . Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee remains in the race , although McCain has an overwhelming advantage in the number of delegates earned for this year 's Republican convention . E-mail to a friend	McCain : referred to a military presence like U.S. has in Japan , Germany , South Korea "  It 's not a matter of how long we 're in Iraq , it 's if we succeed or not , " McCain said Sen. Hillary Clinton : "  I want them home within 60 days of my becoming president "
CNN  -- A woman who was convicted at a trial for wearing pants -- clothing deemed indecent by Sudanese authorities -- was released from jail Tuesday after being imprisoned for a day , a United Nations spokesman said . Sudanese journalist Lubna Ahmed al-Hussein was facing 40 lashes for wearing trousers . Lubna al-Hussein , a journalist who worked in the media department of the United Nations mission in Sudan , was jailed Monday for refusing to pay a court-ordered fine , her lawyer , Nabil Adib , said . No further details of her release were immediately available . Al-Hussein had faced 40 lashes for wearing pants deemed too tight and a blouse considered too sheer . However , the court she appeared before on Monday spared her the lashes , and instead ordered her to pay a fine of 500 Sudanese pounds  $ 209  or face a month in prison , her attorney said . Adib told CNN after the trial that al-Hussein refused to pay the fine as a "  matter of principle . " She will appeal her verdict in an effort to have the conservative Muslim government 's decency law declared unconstitutional , her attorney said by phone Monday from Khartoum , Sudan . Al-Hussein , who was arrested in July , pleaded not guilty during her one-day trial , Adib said . She was not allowed to call defense witnesses or present a defense case , he added . "  She thinks that she did not have fair trial and a conviction was wrong so she did not want to pay the fine nor let anyone else pay on her behalf , " Adib said . Al-Hussein resigned from her U.N. position to waive her immunity as an international worker and face trial . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said he is concerned about al-Hussein 's case . "  The United Nations will make every effort to ensure that the rights of its staff members are protected , " Ban said in July . "  The flogging is against the international human rights standards . " In August , scores of protesters supporting al-Hussein gathered outside the courtroom in Khartoum , waving banners and wearing headbands with the messages , "  No return to the dark ages " and "  No to suppressing women . " On Monday , Sudanese security forces fought back scores of al-Hussein supporters , injuring some and detaining 47 women , according to an eyewitness who spoke to CNN by phone . A Sudanese official accused "  the West " of interfering in the case . Al-Hussein was arrested along with 18 other women on July 3 at a Khartoum restaurant when police burst in and checked women for their clothing . At the time of her arrest she was wearing pants , a blouse and a hijab -- a headscarf worn by Muslim women , she said .	Journalist Lubna al-Hussein faced 40 lashes for wearing pants deemed too tight On Monday , she was spared lashing and ordered to pay fine or face imprisonment Al-Hussein was convicted in day-long trial in which she was unable to call witnesses She was arrested in July with 18 others in a police clothing-check at restaurant
CNN  -- South Korea midfielder Ki Sung Yueng has signed a four-year contract with Scottish giants Celtic , the club have confirmed on their web site . He will join the Parkhead club at the start of 2010 in a deal reportedly worth $ 3.6 million , having secured a work permit ahead of the January transfer window . The 20-year - old Ki is the Asia 2009 young player of the year and has been linked with a number of leading European clubs . He has played 17 times for South Korea and appeared in all the country 's qualifying matches for next year 's World Cup in South Africa . "  I am absolutely delighted to sign for Celtic , a football club with a tremendous history and one which is known throughout the world , " Ki told www.celticfc.net . "  I know that Celtic has some of the best supporters in the world and I will be doing all I can to show these fans what I can do . " Celtic manager Tony Mowbray added : "  We are very pleased to announce the signing of Ki and we are sure he is a player who has the potential to make an impact at Celtic . " Ki will join a Celtic squad who have enjoyed a mixed season with an early exit from the Europa League . But Saturday 's 3-2 victory at Motherwell registered their fourth win in a row for the first time this season , which kept them two points clear of Old Firm rivals Rangers at the top of the Scottish standings .	South Korea midfielder Ki Sung Yueng signs for Scottish leaders Celtic The 20-year-old is Asian footballer of the year for 2009 Ki has played 17 times for his country and helped them qualify for the World Cup finals
Baghdad  CNN  -- A series of bomb blasts killed at least 37 people across Iraq on Tuesday , including 30 in an explosion at a vegetable market in Diwaniya , police officials said . In that attack , some 99 miles  160 kilometers  south of Baghdad , a suicide bomber parked a truck packed with explosives concealed by watermelons and began calling shoppers to the truck . He then detonated the bomb , killing 30 and wounding 100 , according to police . The bombing in the largely Shiite city was among a series of attacks across Iraq , including a car-bomb attack in an outdoor market in Karbala , killing four people and wounding 30 others , according to Haider Jaber Jasim in the Karbala governor 's office . Jasim had previously said 10 people died and 14 were wounded , but he said security officials had mistaken some unconscious victims for fatalities . On Tuesday evening , a car bomb exploded along a busy road near the al-Nidda Sunni Mosque in northeastern Baghdad 's al-Qahira neighborhood , police officials said . One person died and five were wounded , according to police . Earlier , eight roadside bombs exploded in quick succession in Taji , 12 miles  about 20 kilometers  north of Baghdad , killing two people and wounding 14 others , police in Baghdad said . The assailants were targeting an Iraqi police checkpoint in the Tuesday morning attack , police said . In a western Baghdad neighborhood , a roadside bomb exploded , wounding three people . Also in western Baghdad , gunmen attacked a checkpoint manned by local Awakening Council members , wounding two of them , police said . The Awakening Councils , also known as the Sons of Iraq , are made up predominantly of Sunni Arab fighters who battled Iraq 's al Qaeda militants after turning on them in late 2006 . More than 230 people were killed across the country in June , according to a CNN tally . Despite the recent spate of attacks , violence has drastically dropped across the country since 2008 . For example in January 2007 , 1,990 civilians were killed across the country , according to Iraq 's Interior Ministry .	NEW : Baghdad blast brings day 's death toll to 37 Bomb blast in Diwaniya vegetable market kills 30 , police said Eight more bombs exploded in quick succession in Taji Despite the attacks , violence has drastically dropped across Iraq since 2008
CNN  Kiev will ask the Hague tribunal to investigate alleged "  crimes against humanity " in the conflict in eastern Ukraine , Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko announced Monday . There has been a surge in fighting between Ukraine government forces and pro-Russian separatists in recent days . On Saturday , at least 30 civilians were killed in shelling in the southeastern city of Mariupol , while eight people died when a transit stop in the city of Donetsk was shelled Thursday . Both sides blamed the other for the deaths . Speaking after a meeting with the European Commissioner for Humanitarian Aid and Crisis Management , Poroshenko said "  the actions of Russian-backed terrorists and regular Russian troops " had caused Ukrainians to suffer . "  We are going to file a suit to the Hague tribunal , which must investigate into these crimes against humanity , " Poroshenko said . "  It is a test for humanity and moral dignity . Because turning a blind eye to such horrible and shameful crimes means indulging terrorists and aggressors and violating high European values for which Ukrainians are suffering and dying . " On Sunday , Ukraine 's National Security and Defense Council authorized the government to initiate the Hague action , it said in a statement . It said it would ask for the Donetsk People 's Republic and Luhansk People 's Republic to be designated terrorist organizations . The International Criminal Court at the Hague is a permanent body established by 120 nations to investigate "  the most serious crimes of concern to the international community . " Earlier Monday , Moscow stepped up its war of words over Ukraine , warning Western countries not to give Kiev the impression it had their automatic support regardless of its actions . At a press conference in Moscow , Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov blamed Kiev for the renewed fighting and civilian deaths and questioned the West 's lack of condemnation . Lavrov said Moscow -- which accuses Ukrainian forces of responsibility -- had not heard a single statement from the West criticizing Kiev . "  We hope our Western partners wo n't stay away , and European countries , primarily France and Germany who are taking part in so called Normandy format , and mainly the U.S. wo n't do anything to create an illusion for Kiev 's government that its actions lead to automatic support in the West . " Lavrov said there was no other path to resolve Ukraine than direct dialogue between Ukraine 's conflicting sides . Fighting between Ukraine government forces and pro-Russian separatists broke out last spring , slowing for a short-lived ceasefire agreed to in Minsk , Belarus , in September . Ukraine and the West accuse Russia of sending troops and equipment over the border to help the separatists , allegations that Russia denies . The United States and European Union have imposed financial sanctions against Russian interests . The U.S. State Department on Sunday said Secretary of State John Kerry and Lavrov had spoken by phone about the shelling of civilians . "  The secretary reiterated our condemnation of the separatists ' grad missile attack on civilians in Mariupol yesterday 25 kilometers beyond the Minsk line , and other separatist attacks in blatant violation of the agreement . "  The secretary reiterated the need for an immediate resumption of the ceasefire , a withdrawal of heavy weapons , and closing the border . He also underscored U.S. readiness to participate in serious settlement efforts , making clear that de-escalation is in everyone 's interests , that Russia will be judged by its actions , and that the costs to Russia will only increase if attacks continue , " a representative said . The White House says Vice President Biden also spoke with Ukrainian President Poroshenko on Saturday . They "  expressed grave concern over Russia 's blatant disregard for its commitments under the September Minsk agreement and unilateral escalation of the conflict , " the White House said . The two leaders vowed to "  ensure that the costs continue to rise on Russia for its aggressive actions against Ukraine . " "  Those who give such criminal orders bear responsibility for this . People doing that should know that there is no other way of resolving such conflicts than peace negotiations and political measures , " he said . On Monday , the state-run Itar-Tass news agency reported Russian President Vladimir Putin as saying a "  NATO legion " was working in Ukraine with the aim of containing Russia . "  In essence , this is already not an army , but a foreign legion , in this case NATO 's foreign legion that certainly does not pursue the goal of defending Ukraine 's national interests , " Itar-Tass quoted Putin as saying . But following a special session of NATO 's Ukraine commission in Brussels , Belgium , Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg told journalists that Putin 's allegations were "  nonsense . " Stoltenberg said there was no NATO legion and "  the only foreign forces in Ukraine are Russian . " The conflict in eastern Ukraine broke out last spring after Russia annexed Ukraine 's southeastern Crimea region and as pro-Russia separatists claimed control of the Luhansk and Donetsk regions . The ceasefire from Minsk crumbled long ago . From mid-April to January 21 , the conflict killed at least 5,086 people and injured at least 10,948 others , according to the United Nations . No truce with Ukraine , rebel leader says "  We fear that the real figure may be considerably higher , " the Office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights said about the death toll in a report released Friday .	Ukraine 's President says Kiev will ask Hague tribunal to investigate alleged crimes Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov blames Kiev for civilian deaths in Ukraine Kiev and the U.S. blame pro-Russia separatists for shelling that killed civilians last week
CNN  -- It is akin to Sebastian Vettel designing his own Formula One car , getting in the cockpit and driving it to the world title . In F1 , it would be a mission impossible ; in the winter sport of skeleton racing it is , at the very least , a monstrous mission improbable which Briton Kristan Bromley has made an infinite reality from the unlikeliest of beginnings . It has earned him the nickname Doctor Ice and brought him world , European and British titles . The one medal missing from the trophy cabinet is an Olympic one , achieved by his fiancee and mother of the couple 's daughter , Ella , Shelley Rudman , who won silver seven years ago in Turin on one of the sleds he designed . There is a somewhat laughable nature to how he found a new career path in such cutting-edge design while based at BAE Systems and tasked with working on the Eurofighter Typhoon , which made its combat debut in Libya in 2011 with the Royal Air Force and Italian Air Force . "  I got a memo sent round internally inviting me to a talk about Bob Skeleton , " he recalls . "  I 'd never heard of the sport so I asked one of the guys , ` who is Bob Skeleton ? ' -- I thought it was a guy to start with . "  You can imagine my surprise that it turned out to be a sport that changed my life completely . " It is a leap of faith to go from the Eurofighter , which cost an approximate  # 200m each , to design what is effectively a steel tray designed to ensure an athlete is propelled at speeds of up to 130km/h down a sheet ice bobsled run -- head first . "  I just got hooked on the sport , " he admits . "  I 'd finished at university and was back at British Aerospace  now BAE Systems  and we were approached by the British skeleton team to help with their performance . "  At the time , they were at the back of the field using second-hand equipment from whoever they could . "  I was one of the British graduates starting and , three months later , I was the only one working on it , and I got Nottingham University to sponsor it . " Sink or swim It spawned his PhD on "  factors affecting the performance of skeleton bobsleds " but it was never with a view to competing himself , which came about by force rather than forethought on his part . "  I first went to Altenberg in Germany with something put together with a few nuts and bolts and none of the British team would ride it , " he recalls . "  There was this rule , you had to prove it first . So it was a simple decision that I could either sink or swim . " He swam or at least crashed , got on again , got hooked and could not stop . Two years later , he was competing properly and after just a year of competition he was British No. 1 . Fittingly , he won his first major crown -- the European Championships -- at the same Altenberg venue in 2004 before winning the world title four years later at the same venue , one that has in many ways defined him . If he was a designer first and a competitor second , the two now run in parallel . For the early years of his career , he used BAE as his base to create the skeleton before launching Bromley Technologies with his brother Richard in 2000 . Working together , Bromley the competitor designs the sleds , brother Richard manufactures them . For Bromley , the older of the two siblings , his engineering began -- with an admittedly Winter Olympic slant -- when he nailed a pair of his Wellington boots to two planks of wood to create his own DIY skis in his father 's workshop as a five-year-old . "  I always liked making things but particularly making things go fast , so this was an inevitable end in some ways . " The process has become increasingly technical in the intervening years but he still insists the approach can be simplistic at its core . "  You break it down as having to go from point A to point B , and you have a certain amount of energy , " he explains , "  some of which gets lost along the way . My work is to make sure it is more efficient and goes faster . I design it , and I 'm the test pilot too . " Drawing board Despite his engineering background he had no experience in computer-aided design nor computational fluid dynamics , a branch of fluid mechanics that uses numerical methods to solve and analyze issues concerning fluid flows , but , with the help of sponsors , he sat himself down and taught himself . "  I 've always been of the view that yes there are hurdles but there are ways around them , " he adds , "  and it 's a never-ending task because you can always go faster . The key is understanding , if you understand the problems , you can go faster . " Bromley explains that he has virtually gone back to the drawing board to create a sled capable of winning him that , as yet , elusive Olympic title in the last two years . What that is exactly , he is loathe to go into detail at the risk of alerting his rivals to what he sees could be a potential advantage but he also argues it is not just about the sled . "  I want to give myself and Shelley the best possible chance but the sled does n't win , the athlete does , " he says , looking forward to the Winter Olympics in Sochi early next year . "  For example , at BAE I had the most cutting-edge materials . I based the sled on the air duct of the Eurofighter using carbon fibre , but it did n't necessarily make the sled go faster . " The current sled has a steel chassis for its base , able to deal with the top speeds that will be hit in Sochi , the four or five Gs going through it , with Bromley on board akin to half a tonne at full pelt on the ice . "  But again it 's all about understanding , " he says . "  If you understand something , it 's easy to change it . "  We 're always trying to understand the dynamics of the sled and the aerodynamics of the athlete . We also need to personalise the aero as what works for me wo n't necessarily work for Shelley . " High-octane world For Bromley , there are three key areas to his design approach : the aerodynamics , the runners on the ice with its control and handling , and the influence of the sled with its feel on the ice . To focus on that aero work in particular , he has sought the help of all and sundry , including the use of the wind tunnels of two F1 teams . Much like F1 , mastering the tweaks and additions that work and do n't work can prove to be a very fine art . "  I 'd say that 19 out of 20 times , you do stuff that does n't work , " he admits . "  You have theories , isolate one thing but then it has an impact on everything else . "  It can work in some ways and have a negative effect in others . But you do get that Eureka moment when it clicks . I think I 've had that about seven times in my career and that 's certainly helped me to win major championships . " As for Bromley the athlete , he is , by his own admission , an adrenalin junkie , his earlier love for motocross replaced by the similarly high-octane world of skeleton racing . In the past , he used to be an aggressive competitor in terms of his approach to a course , now he is more technical , more free-flowing , enabling him to let the sled do more of the work . So how will he do at Sochi and will the course suit him ? "  I hope so but a bit like an F1 driver , everyone has a favourite course and mine 's always been Lillehammer , it 's where I still hold the course record . " At 41 , he is an older competitor although athletes have tended to win medals in the event in their late thirties and early forties . He still believes he is at his peak and for the first time in five seasons approaches the season start without an injury setback . His training is akin to that of a sprinter , explosive work in the gym , on the track and on the ice , although because of the nature of the sport , his sprinting is limited to 30-metre bursts at the very maximum . ` Doctor Ice ' With age , the only major change has been allowing more recovery time and understanding his ageing limbs better . The Olympics will be his last ever outing as a competitor , his focus after that solely on his future business and the aim is to get through this last season in one piece . To date , the worst injury he has sustained crashing is a broken hand but the death of Nodar Kumaritashvili in the men 's luge at the same course as the skeleton at the last Winter Olympics highlights the inherent dangers of the sport . "  There are risks at that speeds but the courses are designed for the sled to take the hit , " said Bromley . "  It 's about 30 or 40kg so you make sure it 's in front of you , then you just slide on . There 's ice burns but that 's usually the worst of it . But such is the design , you wo n't hit the ice head on , usually on the side . " "  Doctor Ice , " so named by an English newspaper after he travelled back from Salt Lake City with a bobsled full of 20 gallons of water to freeze and better understand as part of his PhD , will use brain and body will do their utmost to sort out the one caveat from his career CV . "  Anything can happen once you 're at the Games but a medal 's realistic , " he says . Science and skill will hold the key in what , come next year , will have been two decades dedicated to the discipline .	Kristan Bromley targets Olympic glory in final ever competition in Sochi in 2014 Bromley designs the sleds that he and girlfriend Shelley Rudman race He switched from design work on the Eurofighter with BAE to this on a whim Briton is a past World , European and British champion now targeting Olympic glory
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- With its orange paint , muscular look and mounted steer horns , an unusual race car has been turning heads on the streets of this capital city . But that 's not even the most interesting thing about it . This is a Rally Fighter , believed to be the first production vehicle to be designed through crowdsourcing , the process of drawing input from a global community of interested people via the Internet . "  If Henry Ford had had Twitter and Internet access , he surely would have made his automobiles in a very different way , " said John B. Rogers , president and co-founder of Local Motors , the Arizona car maker that built the Rally Fighter . The company 's slogan : "  Made by you in America . " Rogers spoke at the South by Southwest Interactive festival in Austin on the use of crowdsourcing to make the best possible automobile in the cheapest and most efficient way . Local Motors claims that its Rally Fighter is the first vehicle in the world to be created following this principle . Rogers said it was produced in 18 months , about five times faster than through conventional processes . The design was chosen through a 2009 vote by a community of hundreds of people on the Internet . The winning design was submitted by Sangho Kim of Pasadena , California , and the result is a car with a 6.2-liter engine , eight cylinders , automatic transmission , rear-wheel drive and 430 horsepower . The Web community also participated in the design of several vehicle components , like the doors . Local Motors says it spent $ 3 million on the car 's development , much less than what is spent on commercial models by the major automakers . How did it achieve that ? To Rogers , it was by rethinking the vehicle 's features . "  It costs $ 10 to design a five-point seat belt like the Rally Fighter 's , compared to the $ 6 million it takes to develop an airbag , " Rogers said . The price of this car is $ 99,900 , which includes a six-day stay at Local Motors ' Arizona plant -- to build the car . You see , when someone buys a Rally Fighter , they do n't get an assembled car but a kit . It includes detailed instructions in the form of manuals , wikis and YouTube how-to videos -- plus the support of Local Motors ' experts . Dozens of the cars have been sold , mostly in the U.S. and some in Kazakhstan , Russia and Great Britain , Rogers said . The goal is to sell 2,000 Rally Fighters before abandoning the model and starting work on a new one . Founded five years ago , Local Motors is now home to more than 25,000 community members and 50 full-time employees . Besides the Rally Fighter , the car maker is working on a prototype military vehicle -- the XC2v -- for the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency , a research arm of the Pentagon . Local Motors has also launched challenges to communally design the best pizza delivery vehicle and the best shoe for driving , projects requested by Dominos Pizza and Reebok . Rogers said he also wants to build a crowdsourced motorcycle , a boat and a more affordable $ 10,000 car .	Rally Fighter is believed to be the first production vehicle to be designed through crowdsourcing Its design was chosen through a vote by a community of people on the Internet The car was built by Local Motors of Arizona and costs $ 99,900
CNN  -- Same-sex marriages are on hold in Indiana after the 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals approved an emergency stay request Friday evening . Shortly after the state 's ban on same-sex marriage was overturned by a federal judge Wednesday , Indiana Attorney General Gregory Zoeller 's office announced it would file an appeal . His office filed an emergency motion with the federal appeals court . The motion reads , in part , "  Time is of the essence to stay the district court 's final judgment ... in order to maintain the historic status quo of man-woman marriage that Indiana and its citizens have adopted . " Bryan Corbin , the attorney general 's public information officer , released a statement to CNN saying , "  The AG 's Office noted the confusion and inconsistency for the public that has occurred since Wednesday as most county clerks are issuing marriage licenses to -- and performing marriages for -- same sex couples , but a few clerks are not . " Hoosiers Unite for Marriage , an Indiana group supporting same-sex marriage , expressed disappointment in the attorney general 's office pursuing a stay . "  Hundreds of loving , committed couples were finally able to join in marriage this week , and we delivered more than 12,000 petition signatures today asking Attorney General Greg Zoeller not to pursue any appeals of the ruling overturning the state 's ban on same-sex marriage , " said Kyle Megrath of the group . "  More than anything , this is a terrible blow to the legally wedded Indiana couples and their families who were finally recognized this week under Indiana " he said . The attorney general 's office said that both sides will be able to submit arguments to the federal appeals court "  in the appeal of the underlying lawsuits challenging Indiana 's marriage law , " as part of the stay . A federal judge initially struck down the state 's same-sex marriage ban Wednesday , saying it "  violates the due process clause and equal protection clause and is , therefore , unconstitutional . "	A federal judge initially struck down Indiana 's same-sex marriage ban Wednesday But a federal appeals court has approved an emergency stay of that order The state AG asked for the stay , citing "  confusion and inconsistency " A group supporting same-sex marriage says the stay "  is a terrible blow "
CNN  -- Rescuers combed through mangled wreckage early Sunday searching for survivors after two passenger trains collided in southern Poland , leaving at least 16 dead . An American citizen was among the dead , said a spokesman with the U.S. Consulate in Krakow . In addition to the fatalities , the collision Saturday night injured at least 60 others , according to the Polish State Fire Brigade . Authorities are "  almost sure there will be no living persons inside the wreckage , " said Marcin Kopczynski , the duty officer . "  We are using dogs to see if there are any living persons inside but no signs yet . " A firefighter described the rescue operation at the crash site in Szczekociny as complicated . "  The damage  to  the wagons is huge . We have contact with victims . We approach very cautiously , " firefighter Jaroslaw Wojtasik told CNN 's Polish affiliate TVN . More than 100 passengers who were not injured were evacuated to Warsaw , authorities said . CNN 's Joyce Joseph contributed to this report .	NEW : A U.S. citizen is among the dead , consulate confirms NEW : Finding more survivors is unlikely , duty officer says At least 60 people are injured The rescue operation is complicated , a firefighter says
CNN  -- A cargo manifest showed that two dogs were among the casualties of the doomed Malaysian jet that fell from the sky in eastern Ukraine this week . Also tucked away in the cargo section were four pigeons and five other birds of an undetermined breed . The document described the animals as "  live " at the time of check-in . No more information was immediately available . Non-living items on board included aircraft parts , diplomatic papers and flowers , according to a cargo manifest released by Malaysia Airlines . Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 tore apart Thursday in the sky over Torez . A surface-to-air missile , possibly fired by pro-Russian rebels , took down the jetliner as it traveled from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur in Malaysia , the United States said . The plane had 298 people aboard , including 80 children , the United Nations said . Debris and bodies remain strewn across the countryside in eastern Ukraine . Two days after the jet crashed , some bodies remained strapped in seat belts .	Also tucked away in the cargo section were four pigeons and five other birds Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 crashed Thursday in eastern Ukraine It was carrying 298 people of various nationalities , including Americans and Dutch
Washington  CNN  -- Two Democratic lawmakers took on the hot-button political issue of gun control Monday , introducing legislation that would effectively ban online ammunition sales . Longtime gun control advocates Sen. Frank Lautenberg , D-New Jersey , and Rep. Carolyn McCarthy , D-New York , introduced the bill that they said would prevent buyers from purchasing unlimited quantities of ammunition through the Internet or through the mail . The bill would also require ammunition dealers to report bulk ammo sales to law enforcement . "  It 's time to close the loophole that 's allowing killers -- deranged , insane -- and even terrorists to buy ammunition online , " Lautenberg said Monday at a news conference on the steps of Manhattan 's City Hall . "  You do n't have to be a scientist to understand how wrong this is . " The lawmakers pointed to the Colorado mass shooting earlier this month , where police in Aurora said movie shooting suspect James Holmes purchased more than 6,000 rounds of ammunition online . Holmes faces 24 murder counts On Monday , Holmes was charged with 24 counts of first-degree murder in the slayings of 12 people who had packed a screening of the latest Batman movie that began shortly after midnight on July 20 . Fifty-eight people were injured in the incident . "  When you buy a gun on the Internet , you have go to a store to pick that gun up , " McCarthy said . "  Well if you 're going to be buying these kinds of large amounts of ammunition , you know what ? Somebody should see your face . " Democratic strategists see gun control as political dynamite . Many Democrats blame Al Gore 's 2000 presidential election loss on his failure to win conservative states , an outcome they said was due in part to Gore 's push for gun control . And many members of Congress admittedly do not want to run afoul of the powerful and well-funded National Rifle Association . Many Democrats wo n't touch gun control Last week , Arizona Democrat Raul Grijalva , who represents a pro-gun congressional district , told CNN the NRA "  carries with it a threat ... that if you speak against any point of gun control , you automatically face a political threat . " In fact , the Democratic-led Senate has not voted on any gun legislation in three years , since defeating a 2009 GOP measure that would have required states to recognize each other 's gun laws . President Barack Obama on Thursday made his strongest comments yet on the issue , advocating a "  common sense " approach to gun control that would prevent a "  mentally unbalanced individual " from obtaining assault weapons . But he treaded carefully and did not push for new gun laws . "  I , like most Americans , believe that the Second Amendment guarantees an individual the right to bear arms , " Obama said . "  But I also believe that a lot of gun owners would agree that AK-47s belong in the hands of soldiers , not in the hands of criminals . " Lautenberg and McCarthy 's proposed Stop Online Ammunition Sales Act would require ammunition buyers who are not licensed dealers to present photo identification at the time of purchase , effectively banning the online or mail order purchase of ammo by regular civilians . It also requires licensed ammunition dealers to report the sale of more than 1,000 rounds of ammunition to an unlicensed person within any five consecutive business days . Lautenberg recognized that changing gun laws is a challenge . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , who controls the Senate 's agenda , said Thursday , "  With the schedule we have , we 're not going to get into the debate on gun control . " House Speaker John Boehner said Thursday that existing laws should be enforced . "  AK-47s , all right , are not allowed to be in the hands of criminals . That is the law , " he said . Nonetheless , Lautenberg said he thinks the bill 's chances are "  pretty good . " "  It 's going to be acted upon next week , and we 're very optimistic , " Lautenberg said . Gun owners debate in wake of Aurora tragedy CNN Senior Congressional Correspondent Dana Bash contributed to this report .	Legislation would prevent online , mail order ammunition purchases Measure introduced in aftermath of Colorado movie theater shooting Many Democrats leery of tackling gun control issue because of the NRA
CNN  -- Voters rejected a ban on late-term abortions in Albuquerque , New Mexico , a proposal believed to be a first on a city level . Referenda putting abortion on the ballot have been tried on the state level . But what Albuquerque did Tuesday night makes it unique among cities . If the proposal had passed , it would have banned abortion after 20 weeks -- with a few exceptions . It would also have opened a new frontier in abortion wars , which are traditionally tackled at the federal and state levels . With all 50 centers counted , 45 % of voters were for it and 55 % against it , according to the New Mexico secretary of state website . Despite the defeat , anti-abortion activists said the battle is far from over . "  Pro-lifers in Albuquerque and elsewhere should not feel discouraged about the defeat of the effort , " said Father Frank Pavone , the national director of Priests for Life . "  It is a brilliant strategy and we will see to it that this effort is introduced in other cities and states . " The municipal election followed an emotional campaign that included national groups . Over the summer , anti-abortion activists gathered thousands of signatures to force a special election that will ban late abortions and make no exception in the case of rape and incest . It made an exception if the woman 's life was at risk . Both sides have plastered the airwaves and newspapers with ads making their case . The defeat came the same day the U.S. Supreme Court refused to stop Texas from implementing a part of a new abortion law that requires doctors to get admitting privileges at a hospital within 30 miles of where they 're providing abortion services . CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report	NEW : Anti-abortion activists say the battle is far from over Referenda putting abortion on the ballot have been tried on the state level But what Albuquerque did Tuesday makes it unique among cities 45 % of voters were for it and 55 % against it
Los Angeles  CNN  -- AEG is not backing down from its charge that Michael Jackson 's mother and her lawyers leaked e-mails to a reporter , in violation of a court order , despite a claim of responsibility by someone not connected to the Jackson 's wrongful-death lawsuit against the concert promoter . The dramatic e-mails , published in the Los Angeles Times on Sunday , revealed the promoter for Jackson 's "  This Is It " concerts expressed doubts about the star 's health and his ability to be ready for the shows for several months before his death . Howard Mann , who partnered with Katherine Jackson on a book about her family , acknowledged to CNN Wednesday that he gave the controversial documents to Times reporter Harriet Ryan . Mann said he obtained the documents from various sources , but none of them came from the Jacksons or their lawyers . Some of the documents were part of discovery in other cases , including the criminal trial of Dr. Conrad Murray , he said . "  The Times does not comment on sources , " Ryan said in response to CNN 's request for comment on Mann 's claim that he gave them to her . Mann was involved in a bitter copyright dispute concerning that book with Jackson 's estate at the time he gave the reporter the documents , but the lawsuit was settled earlier this week . E-mails show promoter 's doubts before Jackson 's death AEG lawyer Marvin Putnam , who said Tuesday that he had "  unequivocal evidence " showing that MIchael Jackson 's mother and her lawyers leaked the e-mails , has asked the judge in the wrongful-death suit to punish Jackson with fines and exclude the e-mails as evidence in the case . "  The documents released to the press were given to Mrs. Jackson and her attorneys -- and to no one else -- confidentially in discovery and subject to a court order , " Putnam said Tuesday . On Thursday , he called it "  convenient that Howard Mann -- a longtime business partner of the Jackson family -- has come forward in this fashion . " "  Whether these documents were leaked through an intermediary or directly by Mrs. Jackson and her counsel , this remains an egregious violation of the court 's order requiring immediate sanctions and an investigation , " the AEG lawyer said . Putnam accused Jackson and her lawyers of leaking the documents -- despite that their "  publication hurts her son 's memory and her grandchildren more than anyone else " -- because they "  know they can not win on the law and are losing control over the case . " "  After months of discovery , plaintiffs now know what we have known all along -- there is nothing to support their claims , " the AEG lawyer said . Jackson lawyer Kevin Boyle said the admission by Mann that he was the source of the e-mails should settle the matter . "  He  Mann  definitely never received any documents from Katherine , Prince , Paris , or Blanket Jackson , nor from their lawyers in the wrongful death suit against AEG , " said Jackson lawyer Kevin Boyle . Prince , Paris and Blanket Jackson are Michael Jackson 's children . Boyle criticized AEG 's lawyers for their haste in pointing the finger at the Jacksons . "  AEG made these accusations against the Jackson family and their lawyers apparently without doing even the most rudimentary investigation , " Boyle said . "  We are further disturbed that the motion for sanctions filed by AEG was given to the press before it was served on Katherine Jackson or her counsel . " If the AEG lawyers had reached out to the Jackson lawyers earlier , they could have helped solve the mystery of the leaked documents , he said . "  AEG has known about the alleged leak since a week before the article was published , " Boyle said . "  AEG never contacted the Jackson 's counsel to inquire about the article or the documents . " The documents made public in the Times story are not the most damaging to AEG that were uncovered , Boyle said . "  We can assure you that we are in possession of documents that make for an extremely compelling story in the wrongful-death case , and that completely support the plaintiffs ' claims , " he said . Jackson copyright dispute settled CNN has learned from a lawyer for an insurance company embroiled in a lawsuit with AEG that Mann approached him several weeks ago offering the same documents to help their case against the promoter . The company declined to follow up since they did not know their authenticity , attorney Paul Schrieffer said . Mann alerted the lawyer Saturday that the e-mails would be published in the newspaper Sunday , Schrieffer said . "  The first time we saw these documents was in the Los Angeles Times article . " The existence of the e-mails , which were not turned over to the insurance company during the discovery phase of the case , have complicated AEG 's effort to prevent a court from voiding the $ 17.5 million policy that AEG purchased through Lloyds of London , he said . "  We are looking for information about Michael Jackson 's prior drug use and the failure of AEG to disclose the facts and what the truth was prior to our client 's issuance of the policy , " Schrieffer said . The AEG lawyer said the insurance company can expect to get the e-mails eventually . "  It appears the lawyers for the insurance company did what any ethical lawyer would do : they refused to receive documents leaked in violation of the Court 's order . And I have every reason to believe the insurers will now receive those same documents as discovery continues , " Putnam said . Jackson died on June 25 , 2009 , from what the Los Angeles County coroner ruled was an overdose of a surgical anesthetic and sedatives , drugs that Dr. Conrad Murray told police he used to help the entertainer sleep as he prepared for the concerts set to start two weeks later . The insurer contends AEG hid Jackson 's health problems and failed to respond to repeated requests for his medical history when applying for insurance for the 50 shows scheduled for London 's O2 Arena . The wrongful-death suit , filed by Katherine Jackson and her son 's three children , contends that AEG contributed to the pop star 's death by pressuring him to prepare even though the promoters knew he was in a weak condition and by its hiring and supervision of Dr. Murray . Murray was convicted of involuntary manslaughter and sentenced to four years in prison last year . "  Defendants did not hire Dr. Murray nor were they responsible for the death of Michael Jackson , " AEG lawyer Putnam told CNN Tuesday . Randy Phillips , the president of AEG Live -- the concert-promotion branch of AEG -- called Jackson 's death "  a terrible tragedy " in one e-mail written weeks after he died , adding "  but life must go on . " "  AEG will make a fortune from merch sales , ticket retention , the touring exhibition and the film/dvd , " Phillips wrote . In fact , AEG Live was allowed to sell Jackson tour merchandise and share in the profits from the documentary "  This Is It , " produced from rehearsal video . The e-mails suggest AEG Live 's president saw Jackson 's problems first-hand the day the pop star was to appear at the O2 Arena to publicly announce the shows . "  MJ is locked in his room drunk and despondent , " Phillips wrote in a March 5 , 2009 , e-mail to AEG Live 's parent company , the paper reported . "  I  am  trying to sober him up . " "  I screamed at him so loud the walls are shaking , " Phillips wrote . "  He is an emotionally paralyzed mess riddled with self-loathing and doubt now that it is show time . " The promoter blamed London traffic when Jackson was 90 minutes late for the announcement that day . "  He 's as healthy as he can be -- no health problems whatsoever , " Phillips told CNN two months later to refute reports Jackson 's health was threatening the concerts . The Los Angeles Times story , however , said the e-mails indicated major doubts about Jackson 's ability to perform . "  We can not be forced into stopping this , which MJ will try to do because he is lazy and constantly changes his mind to fit his immediate wants , " AEG Live executive Paul Gongaware e-mailed to Phillips . Jackson 's missed rehearsals in June triggered concerns in e-mails that he was slow in learning his dance routines and would have to lip-sync on stage , the newspaper reported . "  MJ is not in shape enough yet to sing this stuff live and dance at the same time , " one e-mail from the show 's music director read , the paper reported . A production manager wrote : "  He was a basket case . Doubt is pervasive . " A loud warning from show director Kenny Ortega , who worked closely with Jackson on previous tours , came in mid-June , just over a week before his death . Ortega wrote to Phillips that Jackson had "  strong signs of paranoia , anxiety and obsessive-like behavior " and suggesting they bring a "  top psychiatrist in to evaluate him ASAP . " "  It is like there are two people there . One  deep inside  trying to hold on to what he was and still can be and not wanting us to quit him , the other in this weakened and troubled state , " Ortega wrote . "  I believe we need professional guidance in this matter . " Ortega testified at Murray 's trial about his concerns about Jackson 's frail condition and missed rehearsals . It resulted in a meeting six days before Jackson 's death in which Murray assured the promoters he would have Jackson ready for rehearsals that next week . An e-mail from Phillips after that meeting said he had confidence in Murray "  who I am gaining immense respect for as I get to deal with him more . " "  This doctor is extremely successful  we check everyone out  and does not need this gig , so he  is  totally unbiased and ethical , " Phillips ' e-mail said .	NEW : AEG 's lawyer calls it "  convenient " Howard Mann accepted responsibility for leak NEW : An insurance company wants to know why AEG did n't disclose the e-mails in its lawsuit Mann says none of the documents came from the Jacksons or their lawyers The Jacksons are suing AEG Live for wrongful death
CNN  -- My niece Sarah is one of the do-gooders with an entrepreneurial bent who 's blurring nonprofit and for-profit activities . Through micro-lending , Individual Development Accounts , creative marketing and a novel kind of stock offering , these disruptors are re-imagining charitable giving and re-purposing investment tools . Now we need policies and financial instruments to catch up to the movement . Sarah is one of more than 900,000 Kiva lenders who have made more than $ 440 million in loans to entrepreneurs in 68 countries . Kiva is a nonprofit organization that facilitates micro-loans . Amounts as small as $ 25 can help someone -- usually a woman -- start or expand a business . The effects can be life changing . Starting with the $ 1,000 Kiva fund I gave her as a high school graduation gift , Sarah found time during college to make 30 loans totaling $ 1,700 to entrepreneurs in 17 countries , from Bolivia to Uganda . As folks repay the loans , Sarah keeps making new loans and helping more people change their lives . A funding pool that replenishes itself gives Kiva an edge over typical charities . With most cash donations , when the receiving organization spends the money , it 's gone for good . There 's a catch : Sarah can loan money to a grocer in Ghana , a farmer in Uganda and a weaver in India -- but she has not been able to loan money to entrepreneurs in the United States . Because of technical and policy issues with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission , it 's easier to help entrepreneurs in another country than in our own backyard . The bright folks at Kiva are creating a work-around . Kiva Zip is an experiment in "  person-to-person lending . " Using Kiva Zip , Tommy in West Helena , Arkansas , sought a loan to expand his barbecue and catfish restaurant . Tracy in Pittsburgh is seeking a loan to move her home hair salon into a commercial space . She expects expansion to create three or four jobs . Kiva Zip comes along as Grameen America is bringing its micro-lending model to more U.S. cities . Thirty years after Nobel Laureate Muhammad Yunus created Grameen Bank , which has extended micro-finance to 8 million people in Bangladesh , Grameen America now has branches in New York , Los Angeles , Oakland , Omaha , Indianapolis and Charlotte . Some of the business-charity hybrids are counterintuitive . While many nonprofit groups ask local businesses for donations , the reverse is uncommon . Yet Ross Baird emerged from the University of Oxford in 2009 with just that notion . He created a nonprofit organization , Village Capital , that raises rounds of capital to invest in startup companies . One foundation invented a new kind of stock offering to turn neighborhood stakeholders into real stockholders . Fulfilling its commitment to "  resident ownership , " the Jacobs Family Foundation wanted to transfer a chunk of the equity in a commercial development project to residents living nearby . It took attorneys six years and 40 drafts to invent a way , and in 2005 Jacobs issued the first-ever Community Development IPO . Residents purchased all 50,000 units of stock , priced at $ 10 per share . In Philadelphia , Dr. Mariana Chilton began working with mothers who did n't have enough food . Through Witnesses to Hunger , she put the mothers in front of elected officials to advocate for federal nutrition programs . Chilton discovered that women from Witnesses to Hunger were also entrepreneurs . Hustling to put food on the table for their kids , literally , these mothers were earning $ 50 here and there doing hair and nails or babysitting . Problem is , no one treated these mothers as entrepreneurs . Their business activities were discouraged or penalized , either because of overly enthusiastic local government regulations or upside-down rules of federal assistance programs . The reporting requirements , intended to deter fraud , were not calibrated to accommodate modest income fluctuations associated with their entrepreneurial activities . Chilton is chipping away at change . Her team is giving mothers technical assistance to bring their micro-businesses into the mainstream . She is connecting the women to bank accounts , and Chilton 's nonprofit will match deposits the mothers make into savings accounts and Individual Development Accounts . Policy changes could help . The federal nutrition benefits should diminish gradually over time , as folks get on their feet . At a moment when we need innovative thinking , the old rules still use a bright-line test to force mothers to choose between food and work . Further , we need more technical and policy advancements that make social investing easy . Few organizations have the time and resources to chase legal solutions for six years . The next generation of leaders must generate breakthrough solutions that can operate at scale . A good place to start is MCON13 , which is hashtag-speak for a conference devoted to engaging the 80 million U.S. millennials in giving and volunteerism . Next month hundreds of professionals will gather in Indianapolis at MCON13 to crack the code on millennials . Expect millennials to keep blurring the lines . If Sarah can loan $ 50 to a farmer in Paraguay , why not a hair dresser in Philadelphia ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Bare .	John Bare : Young people are taking entrepreneurial approach to charity In many cases , he says , they 're blurring the line between for-profit and nonprofit He says we need policy changes to make social investing easy
Windsor , England  CNN  -- The choice of Westminster Abbey as location for the most eagerly awaited royal wedding in 30 years has taken most royal experts by surprise ; their consensus of opinion over the past week suggested that St. Paul 's would oversee the marriage of Prince William and Catherine Middleton . But on reflection , the abbey is the most obvious and perfect venue . By choosing it , William is showing an astute awareness of his royal status and ultimate destiny as king of England . As a modern royal couple in a modern royal family , William and Kate will start their married life in the most ancient of royal buildings , stepping into the future with one foot firmly in the past and an obliging nod to those kings and queens buried there . Designed and built as a life 's work by Edward the Confessor , Westminster Abbey was consecrated in 1065 . Edward was too ill to attend the abbey 's opening ceremony and rounded off a particularly miserable Christmas by dying a few days later on January 5 in the fateful year of 1066 , the year of the Norman conquest  he is the first monarch to be buried there  . Since then , Westminster Abbey has ruled supreme as the ultimate royal venue . Every monarch since 1066 has been crowned at the abbey , and 17 monarchs are buried beneath its huge Gothic arches . It has also seen more than its fair share of royal marriages . The current queen was married there , as was her father , King George VI , and two of her children , Anne and Andrew . But inevitably , in the modern world , Westminster Abbey is inextricably linked to the funeral of Princess Diana , and this is the reason many considered it an inappropriate venue for William and Kate 's wedding .  Even today , some 12 years after the event , the harrowing image of Diana 's coffin being carried into the abbey , draped in the royal standard and covered in lilies , reduces many to tears . Still , by all accounts , William and Kate are indeed determined to be a traditional royal couple ; despite the current recession , their wedding will be a celebration , with the pomp and circumstance only Great Britain can produce . Neither Kate nor William is making any radical concession to the modern world or demanding any changes in their royal duties . They scarcely have to . His parents had laid much groundwork for the updating of the monarchy . As strange as it may seem today , Charles and Diana were once considered a thoroughly modern couple . They decided , for example , that Diana would not promise to "  obey " her husband at the marriage ceremony , their first-born would be the next monarch  as opposed to the first male child  , and any children they did have would be brought up as close to a "  normal " childhood as possible . That the marriage ended in divorce is sad , but 50 percent of marriages in the UK today end in divorce ; again , they were a thoroughly modern couple . When William brought Kate out to face the world 's press last week , standing together as equals , so obviously in love , you could see how successful Charles and Diana have been . William and Kate are now the golden couple of a very modern monarchy , and it is predominantly because of the influence of his parents  and some help from the queen  that Britain 's future king has embraced this position with such maturity . The monarchy today is a vastly different institution from the one Diana joined all those years ago . The queen now reigns over a multiracial , multifaith , multiethnic population . Prince Charles has acknowledged this fact by promising to be defender of faith , as opposed to defender of the faith when he is crowned king . Such realities give the lie to the doom merchants crawling out of the woodwork and condemning the monarchy as an archaic institution that has no role in the modern world . The marriage of William and Kate at Westminster Abbey will be just the tonic a jaded Great Britain needs . Some may scoff , but it is interesting how fast the front pages of the world 's newspapers and the schedules of the news channels were cleared once the official announcement was made last week ; proving yet again that the House of Windsor is the longest-running , and best-loved , news story of them all . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mark Saunders .	Mark Saunders says many royal watchers thought William and Kate would wed at St. Paul 's But Westminster Abbey is future king 's nod to the past , he says It has power of tradition as site of royal weddings , Princess Diana 's funeral , he says Saunders : Couple embraces tradition in monarchy modernized by Charles and Diana
CNN  -- In 1974 the Mediterranean island of Cyprus was divided in two . A coup backed by the Greek government was met with a Turkish military invasion , partitioning the country between the Turkish-Cypriot north and Greek-Cypriot south . One of the most enduring symbols of the divide remains the resort of Varosha , an abandoned district of the ancient city of Famagusta that has come to act as a no-man 's - land between north and south . Controlled by the Turkish military , the area 's glistening beaches and apartment blocks remain off-limits to non-military personnel . At its peak , Varosha had 25,000 residents and 12,000 hotel rooms , attracting guests from across Europe and the Middle East . Today , all lie empty and in a state of disrepair . "  It was one of the centers of tourism of the Mediterranean Sea , " laments Oktay Kaylap , the Turkish Cypriot mayor of Famagusta . "  It used to be very palatial but now it 's for neither Greek nor Turkish Cypriots . " A group of Famagusta residents and Varosha citizens in exile hope to change that . New York based film-maker , Vasia Markides , whose Greek-Cypriot mother was forced to leave Varosha , has founded the Famagusta eco-city project -- a grass roots movement led by citizens from both communities . Their goal is to rebuild the city and transform the resort-town into a cultural , economic and environmental hub that can generate its own energy from renewable sources and grow its own food . Although the idea is still in the embryonic stages , Markides has been encouraged by the early response from both Greek and Turkish Cypriots . The city 's Greek Cypriot mayor-in-exile , Alexis Galanos , and Turkish Cypriot mayor , Kaylap -- who recognize each other 's positions -- have pledged to work together towards a future Famagusta metropolis and agreed to form a joint committee to that effect in December last year . Galanos told CNN that the project was "  one of many good ideas of mutual economic development . " Yet he warned that "  under the circumstances the rebuilding of Famagusta can proceed on more simple lines and must try to avoid anything that at the beginning at least appears utopian . " Markides ventures that the regeneration plans could help get the local economy moving again after the difficulties of recent years . "  Because of the economic crisis people were found in a very desperate , difficult situation and now I think more than ever they are willing to compromise and let go of the past in order to build the future together , " Markides said . "  The eco-city would actually be a really good economic boost for the island because it will bring in a new kind of tourism , high value tourism  and  eco-tourism which did n't exist 40 years ago , " she added . So far , a number of willing technical experts have been recruited to the Varosha revival cause . Professor Jan Wampler is a recognized specialist in sustainable architecture . He and graduate students from the University of South Florida have completed design "  phase one " for the eco-city . "  I am very optimistic , " Wampler said . "  Something has to be done . In this world you ca n't have so called ghost cities sitting there for 40 years just completely vacant . " "  In this case we have a golden opportunity . In fact I consider it to be the perfect prototype for what the world might follow in the future , " Wampler added . Energy expert George Lordos , echoed this enthusiasm . "  Famagusta will be the first thing that happens on the ground if there is a comprehensive settlement  between Greek-Cypriot and Turkish-Cypriot communities  , " Lordos said . "  The principles of peace , sustainability and permaculture , these are the main principles of the eco-city project , " he added . For now , Varosha remains sectioned-off from the outside world by armed guards and miles of wire fences . But Lordos is confident a solution to the decade 's long stand-off can be found -- an opinion shared by Cypriot president , Nicos Anastasiades , who said Cyprus ' new deep-sea energy resources could help unite the island when talking to CNN last month . "  If and when that happens we need to be able to take advantage of redeveloping Varosha as a sustainable destination for tourism , " Lordos said . Famagusta and former residents of Varosha stand ready to act . Read more : Will Hollywood stars move downtown ? Read more : Forest in the sky to transform Milan Read more : World 's best skyscraper is ...	Varosha has been virtually uninhabited since Cyprus was partitioned in 1974 The town had 12,000 hotel rooms at its peak , all of which sit empty today A new eco-city project aims to bring Varosha back to life
CNN  British military advisers are training Ukrainian troops in Ukraine , the UK said Thursday , as part of efforts to support the government in Kiev as it combats pro-Russian separatists in the east . Prime Minister David Cameron announced last month that Britain would send military advisers to Ukraine and provide an additional 15 million pounds  $ 22.3 million  in humanitarian aid . An uneasy truce has been in place since last month between the Ukrainian forces and pro-Russian separatists in Ukraine 's eastern Donetsk and Luhansk regions . Last month , UK Defence Secretary Michael Fallon told Parliament that Britain was "  providing additional nonlethal support " in the form of advisory and training teams . "  This support , provided at the request of the Ukrainian government , will help their armed forces develop and maintain the capacity and resilience they need , and help reduce fatalities and casualties , " Fallon said . The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe , which has been monitoring the ceasefire , said Wednesday that its observers had witnessed continued fighting in areas around Donetsk airport and Shyrokyne , east of the port city of Mariupol . Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said the presence of foreign military instructors in Ukraine did nothing to reduce tensions , Russian state news agency Sputnik reported . "  Obviously , this is not helping in the building of trust or in easing the tensions in the conflict . It can be simply said that this is not aiding in the settlement , that 's a fact , " Peskov is quoted as saying . The United States has promised to support an upcoming training program for Ukraine 's National Guard forces . Russia is under continued pressure from the West to end its support for the separatists . Moscow denies claims by Kiev and the West that it has trained and equipped the rebels , as well as sending Russian troops to fight alongside them . In what Kremlin observers may see as another sign of defiance , Russia signed a treaty Wednesday with Georgia 's breakaway territory of South Ossetia . Russia sent its tanks into Georgia in 2008 and subsequently encouraged separatists in its South Ossetia and Abkhazia regions to declare independence from Tbilisi . NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg condemned the "  so-called treaty on alliance and integration " in a statement Wednesday , and repeated NATO 's call for Russia to reverse its recognition of the territories as independent states and to withdraw its forces from Georgian soil . "  This so-called treaty is yet another move by the Russian Federation that hampers ongoing efforts by the international community to strengthen security and stability in the region , " he said . "  It violates Georgia 's sovereignty and territorial integrity , and blatantly contradicts the principles of international law , OSCE principles and Russia 's international commitments . "  It does not contribute to a peaceful and lasting settlement of the situation in Georgia . " CNN 's Vasco Cotovio and Alla Eshchenko contributed to this report .	UK will also provide an additional $ 22.4 million in humanitarian aid Russia signs a treaty with Georgia 's breakaway South Ossetia region
CNN  -- Pamela Anderson 's career to date may have been more Playboy than pit lane , but the former Baywatch star has decided to dip her feet into motorsport by launching her own racing team . The 44-year-old actress and ex-cover girl is fronting the Downforce1 team , which will compete in the 2012 European Le Mans and International GT Open series . Anderson , more famous for sporting a red bathing suit as C.J. Parker in the hit '90s TV show than racing overalls , launched the venture earlier this month with the aim of competing in the 2013 open-wheel NASCAR series in the U.S. "  Fast cars and fast women go together , " the former Playmate of the Month said on the team 's website . "  Here we are surrounded by men , I love it . " The Canadian is described as a fan of motorsport divisions "  from NASCAR to Formula One " and hailed the venture as "  a dream come true . " "  I 'm so proud of the Downforce 1 team , " she said . "  These gentleman have achieved the impossible and built up a team in just four months . "  I can not wait to see my cars on the race track , it 's hard to believe until I see it . " But Anderson 's dream has been temporarily derailed . The team 's sole driver Markus Fux , who also doubles up as Downforce1 's marketing coordinator , announced they will miss this weekend 's International GT race in France . "  Due to technical issues and circumstances beyond the control of the team , the management of Downforce1 have reluctantly decided , in the interest of the team and its sponsors , not to attend the first race at Paul Ricard , " read the statement . "  The team now intends to begin its 2012 race program at the GT Open Series round at Portimao on the 28th April . The team apologizes to its many fans and supporters . " Anderson is not the first female celebrity to be drawn to the track . Socialite Paris Hilton , heiress to the Hilton hotel fortune , co-founded the SuperMartxe VIP MotoGP team in December 2010 .	Actress and model Pamela Anderson is fronting the Downforce1 racing team The team will compete in the European Le Mans and International GT Open series The former Baywatch star says she is a fan of all forms of motorsport Socialite Paris Hilton co-founded her own MotoGP motorbike racing team in 2010
CNN  -- A Taiwanese fishing vessel has not been heard from since reporting that pirates were attacking it in the Indian Ocean several days ago , authorities said Thursday . The ship has a crew of 26 from Taiwan , China and Vietnam , the European Union Naval Force Somalia said in a statement . On Christmas morning , the vessel FV Shiuh Fu reported being under pirate attack about 120 miles off the northeast tip of Madagascar , the statement said , but "  no further communication with the vessel has been possible " since then . Authorities said they do not have information about the condition of the ship or its crew . Pirates are now holding 26 vessels and 613 hostages off the coast of Somalia , where many pirates are based , the European Union Naval Force Somalia said .	The ship reported being under attack on Christmas Day It has not been heard from since Pirates now hold 26 vessels and 613 hostages off the coast of Somalia
CNN  -- The Obama administration had "  very detailed contingency plans " for military action against Pakistani forces if they had tried to stop the U.S. attack on Osama bin Laden 's compound , according to two U.S. officials familiar with the plan . Their names are not disclosed because of the sensitive intelligence information involved . "  No firepower option was off the table " during the Navy SEALs ' 38-minute mission on the ground , or during the time U.S. helicopters were in the air , one official told CNN . "  We would have done whatever we had to in order to get our men out . " The two U.S. officials also told CNN about the plan if bin Laden had been captured alive , which included taking him to Afghanistan and then out to the USS Carl Vinson in the Arabian Sea . All of the senior U.S. officials in the White House Situation Room during the assault were prepared to call their Pakistani counterparts if fighting between U.S. and Pakistani forces appeared imminent , one of the officials told CNN . The SEALs at all times retained the right of self-defense , and they could have fired at the Pakistanis to defend themselves . During the time the SEALs were on the ground , while some were inside the compound , others were covertly placed just outside the compound walls to provide perimeter security and keep people away . Some of those SEALs would have been able to speak enough of the local language to communicate with townspeople if they had come across them , one source told CNN . As the assault on bin Laden 's compound commenced , the United States had a number of aircraft flying protective missions . None of the aircraft entered Pakistani airspace , but they were prepared to do so if needed . These included fixed wing fighter jets that would have provided firepower if the team came under opposition fire it could not handle . Additionally , the Air Force had a full team of combat search and rescue helicopters including MH-53 Pave Low and HH-60 Pave Hawk helicopters flying . The helicopter that came in to replace the crashed stealth helicopter was carrying a battlefield medical team that was flying overhead and ready to land if SEALs were wounded , one of the CNN sources said . That helicopter landed at the compound within about thirty minutes of being called . U.S. military and intelligence assets were conducting continuous reconnaissance of Pakistani military installations to watch for any indication of movements , but the Pakistani military never responded while the U.S. forces were there , one U.S. official indicated . On Monday , Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani praised the Pakistani military 's response to the sudden arrival of U.S. forces . "  The air force was ordered to scramble , " he said . "  Ground units arrived at the scene quickly . Our response demonstrates that our armed forces reacted , as was expected of them . " Still , he added , "  There is no denying the U.S. technological ability to evade our radars . " Even though it was anticipated that bin Laden would resist the Navy SEALs that assaulted his compound , and therefore be killed , the Obama administration had a plan in place for dealing with bin Laden if he was captured alive , according to both U.S. officials . The plan was for bin Laden to be flown back to Afghanistan aboard U.S. military helicopters and then flown out to the USS Carl Vinson in the north Arabian Sea . There was a team of lawyers , medical personnel , interrogators and translators standing by to deal with bin Laden if that was the scenario that unfolded . A major concern was to immediately "  preserve evidence " and put bin Laden into a legal framework that would ensure he could be charged and tried some day , the official said . "  We did n't want to have some case thrown out on a technicality . " The official indicated the standby teams included the type of expertise normally within U.S. units in Afghanistan , so it 's likely personnel did not even know who their potential target would have been . The official noted that bin Laden would have undergone the same type of medical checks and photographing that surrounded Saddam Hussein when he was captured . After bin Laden was killed by the Navy SEALs at the compound , his body was flown back to Afghanistan , and then to the Carl Vinson where he was buried at sea . Admiral Michael Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , placed a phone call to his counterpart General Ashfaq Kiyani asking for U.S. aircraft to re-enter Pakistani airspace -- several hours after the raid -- so the body could be flown out to the Vinson .	"  No firepower option was off the table , " a U.S. official says If bin Laden was caught , he would have been taken to Afghanistan and then a U.S. ship , a U.S. official says The helicopter that replaced the crashed one was carrying a battlefield medical team , sources say
CNN  -- Passengers on a Delta Air Lines flight experienced an unexpected bump Sunday when the plane rolled off the runway after landing in Detroit . Flight 753 from Las Vegas was trying to turn onto a taxiway when it slipped off the pavement , according to the Wayne County Airport Authority . It 's not clear yet what caused the plane to slide off course , spokesman Scott Wintner said . "  It was like a toboggan ride down the runway , and we just could n't make the turn at the end , and we slid off the runway into the grass , " passenger Steve Maranowski told CNN affiliate WDIV . The aircraft , carrying 153 passengers and six crew members , was pulled back onto the taxiway and towed to the gate , according to Delta spokesman Anthony Black . The plane was not damaged , and no one was injured , Black said . Passengers spent about two and a half hours on the taxiway , Maranowski told WDIV . "  The problem was they had to wait for the salt trucks , wait for the towing company , and wait for the operations to get it out , " he said . Black said Delta and the airport will investigate to determine operating conditions at the time of the incident .	Plane slides off a taxiway after landing in Detroit "  It was like a toboggan ride down the runway , " passenger said No injuries or damage to the plane , Delta reports
CNN  Life on a Civil War ship in the Deep South was no pleasure cruise . Heat , humidity , the rigors of military life and bouts of boredom could frustrate a fella . So it may be no surprise that among the first artifacts to be brought up from the wreck of the CSS Georgia in Savannah are two sets of leg irons . "  We all know about discipline in the Navy , " said Jim Jobling , a project manager with Texas A&M University 's Conservation Research Laboratory . "  It is for restricting the mobility of a prisoner who wanted to desert or had committed a crime . " Of course , the leg irons could have been used on a Federal sailor or soldier taken captive . But that did n't occur with the Confederate ironclad . It was scuttled in December 1864 , having never fired a shot in anger while it defended the city . About 400 artifacts have been brought up by divers in the initial stage of the recovery of the CSS Georgia , which must be moved for a deepening of the shipping channel . "  We have scratched the surface as far as the artifacts are concerned . There are a lot more to come up , " Jobling told CNN on Thursday . Texas A&M is working with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in Savannah to conserve many of the artifacts for eventual display . Archaeology is n't just about cool artifacts . It 's about making a connection with the humans that used these items . And while experts have n't gleaned much about the daily life of the crew from the early dives , they have found some items that would have been used by an individual : An ironstone plate commonly used in the South , a musket trigger guard and the butt stock of a gun . Visibility at the site is practically nonexistent . Divers have to depend on feel to locate and remove smaller items . Much of it is is detritus of the wreck : small iron plates , nails and spikes . Among the items cataloged since the dives formally began at the end of January are two pieces that helped with the business end of the CSS Georgia : its cannons . Four of the artillery pieces are amid the wreckage about 40 feet down on the floor of the Savannah River . One iron piece had eyes , or holes , that connected a gun carriage to ropes that the ironclad 's crew manipulated to move the gun forward and backward . Another piece , a trunnion cap , helped hold the cannon to the carriage . Divers and archaeologists are following a timetable and grid in the recovery , with smaller items being brought up by hand . A previous salvage effort and damage from dredging displaced some of the artifacts . Other items remain right where they fell . "  Someone undid the engine , moved it and was dropped " into the depths , said Jobling . Contract divers are out on the site every day , weather permitting , not more than a couple miles east of the city 's famous River Street and waterfront . The $ 15 million removal of the CSS Georgia is necessary for the state and federal harbor deepening project , which will see the channel go from 42 to a uniform 47 feet so massive cargo container ships can use the port without relying on the tide . In June or July , U.S. Navy divers are expected be on site , to bring up the larger pieces : two engines , the propeller , a steam condenser , the four guns and the casemates that housed them . One of the casemates is large : 68 feet by 24 feet . Four artillery shells will be recovered , with the U.S. Marine Corps to render them safe for museum display . The wooden lower hull no longer exists . The CSS Georgia did n't have enough power to maneuver and effectively trade artillery rounds with any enemy vessels that might approach from the Atlantic Ocean . Instead , the vessel became a stationary floating battery , bristling with artillery pieces . The Yankees refused to take on the CSS Georgia or other nearby defense obstructions . Archaeologists have the challenge of preserving portions of the CSS Georgia through chemical and other means , making her iron stable so the remains one day can be displayed . Conservation of selected artifacts and parts will be done at Texas A&M and will take about two years to complete . State and local officials hope conserved pieces will be exhibited somewhere in the city . Much of the CSS Georgia is corroded , and archaeologists are gauging the integrity of each piece for conservation . But many pieces remain in pretty good shape . An X-ray of one of the leg irons shows a fair bit of corrosion . Experts will inject epoxy to fill those gaps and remove any concretion on the iron , said Jobling . Officials need more artifacts and investigation to tell the story of the crew . "  Hopefully , there is a section of the wreck that will tell the human side of the CSS Georgia , " said Jobling . While salvage operations soon after the Civil War removed a lot of iron from the site , there 's a chance personal items survive , especially if they are below the sediment line and protected from the ravages of oxygen . Interestingly , the vessel 's crew had to run the main engine constantly , just to keep it afloat . Why ? That 's because the CSS Georgia 's green wood made it susceptible to leaks . So on December 21 , 1864 , just as Union Maj. Gen. William T. Sherman 's hordes of soldiers reached Savannah , the ironclad 's crew likely opened its water valves . The CSS Georgia silently slipped below the surface . The sailors used small boats to get to shore and began a 20-mile walk from Savannah . "  They took what they could carry with them , " Jobling said .	A Civil War ironclad must be moved so the shipping channel can be deepened Wreckage lies a couple miles from Savannah 's famous River Street The CSS Georgia never fired a shot in anger during the Civil War
CNN  -- Authorities have arrested one of the FBI 's 10 Most Wanted Fugitives in Mexico , the FBI said Friday . Jose "  Joe " Luis Saenz , who was wanted in multiple slayings in Los Angeles , was captured late Thursday . Exactly where is not known . Bill Lewis , assistant director in charge of the FBI 's Los Angeles field office , thanked the various groups involved in Saenz 's arrest , including the Mexican federal police , the Mexican National Institute of Immigration , the Mexican attorney general and the FBI 's legal attache in Mexico City and its sub-office in Guadalajara , Mexico . Saenz is expected to return to Los Angeles from Mexico this weekend under FBI escort . The FBI accuses Saenz of killing four people , two rival gang members and his girlfriend in 1998 , and a fourth victim 10 years later . He is also accused of kidnapping and raping his girlfriend , who is the mother of his child . The FBI was offering a reward of up to $ 100,000 for information that led directly to his arrest . Saenz was added to the FBI 's list of 10 Most Wanted Fugitives in October 2009 . "  This individual , Jose Saenz , will be brought to justice , " Los Angeles County Sheriff Lee Baca said then . "  We will find him and prosecute him to the full extent , under the law . Make no mistake about it . "	Jose "  Joe " Luis Saenz is wanted in multiple killings in Los Angeles He was arrested late Thursday in Mexico ; exactly where is not known Saenz was added to the FBI 's list of 10 Most Wanted Fugitives in 2009
CNN  -- Colleen Whiteaker 's three eldest daughters looked at her with concern . They were beautiful , she thought , with their slim , athletic builds and porcelain skin . She had n't wanted them to deal with the pain of being overweight , so she had taught them to eat nutritious foods and stay active . Now they were throwing those lessons back in her face . Miriam , Candace and Chloe tried to pitch their "  intervention " like a fun plan . They bought their mom a gym membership and some new workout clothes . They tried to avoid talking about her weight problem directly , but eventually the truth came out . "  It was terrible , " Candace remembers . "  It 's never something you want to bring up , especially to your mom . But really it was just hurting us to see her like that . We did n't want to have to worry about her dying . " Their mother was 5 feet 2 inches tall and weighed more than 200 pounds . She had become isolated and never wanted to participate in family get-togethers . The older girls were worried their youngest sister Celeste , 5 at the time , would n't get to know the wonderful , energetic mom with whom they had grown up . "  They were crying . I was crying , " Colleen says . "  It really hurt my feelings . ... I was like , ' I know I 'm heavy . I know that , but I 'm not unhealthy . I 'm just supposed to be that weight . ' "  They were like , ` Mom , I do n't think that 's true . ' " ' I was trying to lose weight ' Colleen is n't sure how she put on so much weight . She was chubby as a child , and her weight fluctuated throughout adulthood . She did n't eat a lot of bad foods , staying away from fast food and fried fare . But she rarely exercised and says she has a slow metabolism . Shortly after Celeste 's birth , Colleen and her husband divorced . Stress , combined with an unusual work schedule and a new baby , kept the pounds on despite multiple attempts at dieting . "  It was discouraging because I was n't just pretending like I did n't know I needed to lose weight , " she says . "  I was trying to lose weight . I wanted something to change . " Unfortunately , her daughters ' intervention did n't work . It was n't until Chloe and Candace 's college graduation nearly six years later that she really took a good look in the mirror . She was thrilled for her daughters and proud to be their mother , but she was n't proud of the way she looked . She weighed close to 230 pounds . She dreaded meeting their college friends and taking a million photos . On the way home -- embarrassed and miserable -- Colleen thought about what she could do . A few years earlier , her new husband had bought a Bowflex TreadClimber . It was sitting in their North Carolina house , practically unused . She promised herself she would start walking on it three times a week , for 20 minutes . And that 's what she did . At the end of September 2011 , she met her daughters at Kings Dominion , an amusement park in Virginia , for an annual trip . The girls noticed she had lost a bit of weight and complimented her . "  I was excited , but I did n't really want to ... make a huge deal of it because I did n't want her to feel like we were adding pressure , " Candace says . The girls ' comments encouraged Colleen . She added another day to her routine , then another . Soon she was walking for 45 minutes , six days a week . The more she exercised , the more she was conscious of what she was eating . She started writing down her meals in a journal to get an idea of how much she was consuming each day . Her goal was to go from a size 20 to a size 12 . By May 2012 , she was a size 2/4 . She had lost more than 110 pounds in about 10 months . "  She was ready to take on the world , " Candace says . "  She wanted to go out and do all these things . ... It was like having our old mom back . " Have you lost weight ? Share your story on iReport Raiding daughters ' closets fun When she was overweight , Colleen says she never felt bad physically . "  I did whatever I wanted to do , but I did n't want to do that much , " she says with a laugh . Today she says she feels "  100 % better . " "  She has more energy than we do now , " Candace says . "  She 's just very inspiring , and she just keeps going , and I love her for that . " Colleen was laid off before she jumped on the TreadClimber . She went on multiple job interviews that amounted to nothing . But her first interview after losing the weight resulted in a job offer . She 's not sure if it was her new body or her newfound confidence , but she knows people treat her differently now that she 's slim . "  They see you as maybe having something to offer , " she says . Perhaps her favorite part of losing weight is borrowing her daughters ' clothes . Before , she hated to go shopping to buy new clothes . Now when she visits , she does n't even bother to pack -- instead preferring to raid their closets . Celeste just turned 13 , and Candace is happy her youngest sister will get to experience Colleen as the mom she remembers . "  She 's very free-spirited and encouraging and happy , " Candace says of her mother . "  And that was being covered up by all that extra weight she was carrying around . " Follow Jacque Wilson on Twitter @jdwilson2 or Google +	Colleen Whiteaker weighed more than 230 pounds at her heaviest She went from a size 20 to a size 2/4 by exercising six days a week Whiteaker is ready to take on the world now , one of her daughters says
CNN  -- As Android devices get more popular  today comScore reports Android phones comprise 40 % of the U.S. smartphone market  , they 're becoming a more attractive target for cybercriminals . If you use an Android smartphone , you are now 2.5 times more likely to encounter malware  malicious software  than you were six months ago . This is n't just about apps . This year , 30 % of Android users are likely to encounter a Web-based threat such as phishing scams , "  drive by downloads " and browser exploits . This is according to a new threat report from Lookout Mobile Security . Obviously , Lookout is selling mobile-security tools . However , individual and collective mobile security risks are real . Whether you opt to pay for mobile security , use a free service or manage it yourself , you should be aware of the risks and use basic mobile safety skills . Cybercriminals are n't simply targeting Android devices more often , they 're also getting sneakier about it . Specifically , Lookout notes that attackers are using new techniques to distribute malware to phones . These include "  malvertising "  ads served up through legitimate apps that lead you to a fake Android market and trick you into downloading malware , like GGtracker  and "  upgrade attacks "  where the initially downloaded app is clean , but later upgrades deploy malware  . How can mobile malware harm you ? First of all , cybercriminals can rack up charges to your phone bill through "  carrier billing , " a payment option that wireless carriers are increasingly pushing -- and which Google is starting to make possible for Android market app purchases . Malware also can sign you up for "  premium SMS " text messaging services . Furthermore , mobile malware and spyware can pull sensitive data from your phone -- such as your credit card numbers , online banking or e-mail account login credentials or your contacts list . Infected phones also can become part of a "  botnet , " which means your phone could be used without your knowledge as part of a larger attack scheme . This can also drive up your data traffic , which can push you toward your data plan 's cap faster . Why is Android a bigger mobile security concern ? It 's an open platform , which presents significant pros and cons . On the bright side , Android 's openness has made it easier for vendors to offer cheaper smartphones  especially without costly two-year contracts  to a much broader consumer market . On the downside , Android 's openness also makes it especially susceptible to malware . Users of Apple and BlackBerry mobile devices are not immune to mobile security threats . But the closed nature of those platforms does make it harder for cybercriminals to infiltrate those devices with malware . However , threats such as e-mail phishing attempts and PDF exploits can put any mobile user at risk -- even on the iPhone .  Apple recently patched its latest PDF vulnerability , but future iOS risks are always a possibility . Learn more about mobile security risks John Hering , co-founder and CEO of Lookout , explains that a credulous user mindset has been a key factor in mobile security risks . "  We 've observed that most mobile users are far more trusting about how they download and install software on their phone , compared to their computer , " he said . "  But fortunately that 's starting to change . Android users especially are starting to get more discerning . " However , the way people tend to use smartphones can also put them at risk . Hering noted that mobile users tend to be in distracting environments , so they generally provide only short bursts of divided attention to their phones . Kevin Mahaffey , Lookout 's CTO and co-founder , explained that spotting malware on mobile devices is a bigger technical challenge than on computers . "  Personal computers have lots of power -- both energy and processing capacity -- so it 's easy to run security analyses in that environment . If it were even possible to run the same types of analytics on a mobile phone , that would destroy battery and take two decades to build , " Mahaffey said . "  So we had to consider , what if we could change the way malware detection is done ? Instead of doing it on individual devices operating out in the world , what if we put it all on a big server and treat it as a data mining problem ? " This concept formed the genesis of Lookout 's Mobile Threat Network , which provides mobile device security through an online platform that aggregates and constantly scans anonymized data gathered from over 700,000 mobile apps . One advantage of this approach is speed . Also , users do n't have to remember to update Lookout security software ; the system constantly updates itself . Mahaffey notes that if your phone is running an older version of the Android operating system , you face greater mobile security risks . On Android phones , OS updates get deployed via a variety of manufacturers and wireless carriers . Because of this complexity , on many phones system updates lag behind -- sometimes far behind -- the latest "  flavor " of Android  currently 2.3 "  Gingerbread " for phones  . Unless you 've rooted your Android phone to gain complete control over it , it 's up to the carrier and manufacturer , not you , when your phone will get a system update . In contrast , iPhone system updates get deployed by a single source : Apple . So at any given time most iPhones in use probably have a fairly up-to-date version of iOS  unless it 's a much older device , such as the iPhone 3G  . Complicating this picture , to keep costs down some Android phone manufacturers skimp on processing power and other device capabilities . So some cheaper phones simply are not able to run the latest version of Android well , or at all . This is why some brand new but cheaper models come with vastly outdated flavors of Android -- like the Huawei Ascend , currently sold by MetroPCS for $ 99 on a $ 50/month no-contract plan , which comes with Android 2.1  "  Eclair , " released back in January 2010  . What red flags should mobile users watch for ? According to Hering and Mahaffey , strange text messages coming from unknown sources are a common clue that you may have been subscribed unwittingly to a premium SMS service . You should contact your carrier immediately to report these . Also , check your phone bill online periodically -- probably more often than once a month . Malware can cause a lot of surreptitious activity on your phone , so battery performance might be a clue . "  If your battery suddenly starts draining really fast , consider that it might be malware , " Mahaffey said . Hering also recommends healthy skepticism . "  Scrutinize permissions for Android apps before you download them . Does that game or utility really need permission to send premium SMS messages ? Probably not , " he said . The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	Attackers are using new techniques to distribute malware to phones Android is a bigger mobile security concern because it 's an open platform It pays to stay alert to unusual activity on your phone Scrutinize permissions for Android apps before you download them
