CNN  -- The head of the Beltran Leyva drug cartel has been captured , Mexican federal police announced . Carlos Beltran Leyva , 40 , was arrested Wednesday in the northwest city of Culiacan after showing a fake driver 's license with the alias "  Carlos Gamez , " which authorities knew to look for , police said Saturday in a statement . He later admitted to his identity . Police also found at least two guns , several cartridges , cell phones and other items during the arrest . It came just two weeks after the drug boss ' brother , Arturo Beltran Leyva -- known as "  El Barbas " or "  The Bearded One " -- was killed in a shootout in Cuernavaca , outside Mexico City .	Carlos Beltran Leyva arrested after showing fake driver 's license Arrest comes two weeks after brother , Arturo Beltran Leyva , was killed
CNN  -- Egyptian authorities stopped two people suspected in the theft of a painting by Vincent Van Gogh , nabbing them just moments before they were to board a plane and flee the country , according to Egypt 's official news agency , MENA . Egyptian Culture Minister Farouq Hosni said in a statement Saturday night that efforts to recover the stolen "  Poppy Flowers " painting are still ongoing , despite earlier reports that the painting had been returned to Cairo 's Mohammed Mahmoud Khalil Museum . Hosni said later that those reports were unconfirmed . Two Italians -- a man and a woman -- suspected of stealing the painting were preparing to board a plane to Italy when they were stopped at Cairo International Airport . An interior ministry spokesman told CNN that the man was arrested . The painting was stolen earlier Saturday . "  Poppy Flowers " has an estimated value of about $ 50 million . It also had been stolen in 1978 and returned under unknown circumstances , causing some to think that the piece was copied in the process , according to MENA . CNN 's Amir Ahmed contributed to this report .	NEW : Painting has not yet been recovered ; earlier reports were unconfirmed "  Poppy Flowers " was stolen from a museum in Cairo early Saturday Egyptian authorities stopped two suspects at Cairo International Airport The painting is estimated to be worth $ 50 million
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Consumer advocate Clark Howard revealed to listeners of his radio show on Wednesday that he has prostate cancer . Radio show host Clark Howard says doctors diagnosed him with prostate cancer in its early stages . Howard is one of the best-known consumer experts in the country . He has a nationally syndicated radio show and a new weekend show on CNN sister network HLN . He also has written several books on consumer issues , including two that made The New York Times best-sellers list . "  I just wanted to give it to you right form the horse 's mouth , what 's going on with me , " Howard , 53 , told listeners Wednesday during this radio show . The cancer was detected recently in its early stages , he said . His doctors had monitored his health for about 2 1/2 years after a routine test came came back with unusual results . The test was a Prostate-Specific Antigen  PSA  test to measure antigen , substances that stimulate an immune response in the body . If PSA levels are up , the chances of prostate cancer rise , and Howard 's levels were such that his doctor gave him PSA tests every 90 days to monitor antigen levels . He also had biopsies to test for cancer . The fourth and most recent biopsy found a "  very , very small isolated pocket of cancer , " Howard said . "  Prostate cancer caught early is not a walk in the park , but is not really that big a deal , " Howard said . "  I just wanted to clear the air because rumors take on a life of their own . " According to the American Cancer Society , one in six men will get prostate cancer in their lifetimes , and one in 35 will die of the disease . Although its numbers are not yet complete for 2008 , the organization estimated that during that year , there were about 186,320 new cases of prostate cancer diagnosed in the United States and about 28,660 men died from the disease . Among famous men who have been treated for prostate cancer are former Secretary of State Colin Powell , former Kansas Sen. Bob Dole , former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani and actor Robert De Niro . There are various options for treating prostate cancer , all with different approaches . The American Cancer Society recommends considering things such as age , other serious health problems , stage of the cancer and side effects of treatment when selecting a method of treatment . Howard said his main point in talking about his diagnosis was to increase awareness among men . "  Guys put themselves in danger by not going to the doctor , " he said . He spoke to female listeners as well as the men . "  Be a nag . Get your guy in to see the doctor , especially if you 're 40 and up , " he said .	The Atlanta-based consumer advocate makes announcement on radio show "  I just wanted to give it to you right form the horse 's mouth , " Howard says Biopsy reveals "  small , isolated pocket of cancer " in early stages , he says The radio show host , best-selling author tells women to urge men to get check-ups
CNN  -- Environmental authorities are investigating the deaths of more than 800 dolphins that have washed up on the northern coast of Peru this year . The dolphins may have died from an outbreak of Morbillivirus or Brucella bacteria , said Peruvian Deputy Environment Minister Gabriel Quijandria , according to Peru 's state-run Andina news agency . Speaking to CNN , he said he expects test results to be ready within the week . "  Right now , the most probable hypothesis is that it 's a virus outbreak , " he said . Quijandria said Thursday that 877 dolphins have washed up in a 220-kilometer  137-mile  area from Punta Aguja to Lambayeque , in the north of the country . More than 80 % of those dolphins were found in an advanced state of decomposition , making it difficult to study their deaths , according to Andina . Earlier last week , the Peruvian government put together a panel from different ministries to analyze a report by the Peruvian Sea Institute  IMARPE  . Officials have been able to conclude that the dolphins ' deaths were not due to lack of food , interaction with fisheries , poisoning with pesticides , biotoxin poisoning or contamination by heavy metals . "  When you have something this large , my gut would tell me that there 's something traumatic that happened , " Sue Rocca , a marine biologist with the Whale and Dolphin Conservation Society , told CNN . She floated a number of number of possibilities as to what could have killed the animals , including acoustic trauma , but concluded that investigators just do n't know yet . "  More investigation needs to be done , " she said . The dolphin deaths in Peru are mark the third set of high-profile strandings in about two months . In February , 179 dolphins -- 108 of which were dead -- washed ashore in Cape Cod , in eastern United States , according to the International Fund for Animal Welfare . Marine biologists are still trying to determine the cause of those deaths . In early March , amateur video taken from a beach in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , showed more than 30 dolphins on shore . In that instance , all dolphins were safely returned to the sea .	NEW : "  More investigation needs to be done , " says a marine biologist Official : The dolphins were found over a 220-kilometer  137-mile  area of coastal Peru this year The dolphins were not caused by starvation or poisoning with pesticides , officials say Dozens of dolphins have also washed up in the United States and Brazil this year
A mammoth cargo plane that landed Wednesday night at the wrong airport in Wichita , Kansas -- one that typically does not accommodate such beasts -- took off without incident Thursday afternoon on a runway half a mile shorter than it usually uses . The Boeing 747 Dreamlifter 's massive engines roared as it lumbered down the pavement , then lifted off and disappeared into the overcast sky . A few minutes later , it landed without incident at the airport 12 miles across town where it was originally supposed to land -- McConnell Air Force Base . An investigation has begun into what caused the pilot to land at the wrong airport , said Bonnie Rodney , a spokeswoman for Atlas Air , which operates the Boeing-owned jet . It was laden with cargo intended for Boeing , she said . Boeing said the cargo was a B-787 fuselage . Elaborate precautions had been taken to ensure no one got hurt in the take-off attempt . Police closed nearby roads and urged area residents to stay away from the airport . "  Onlookers and gawkers have caused accidents , " said Roger Xanders , chief of airport police and fire . The takeoff came less than a day after the plane , which was bound for McConnell from New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport , missed its mark . Instead of landing , as had been planned , at the military airport on Wichita 's southeast side , it landed at the much smaller , general aviation Col. James Jabara Airport on the northeast side . Jabara has no control tower and normally does n't handle jumbo jets . The Atlas Air 747 Dreamlifter is a modified 747-400 passenger airplane that can haul more cargo by volume than any airplane in the world . When fully loaded , the Dreamlifter needs a runway 9,199 feet long to take off , reports affiliate KWCH . The Jabara runway is 6,101 feet . But a spokeswoman for the airport authority , Valerie Wise , cited favorable weather Thursday and the fact that much of the fuel had been used in the flight from JFK -- which lightened the weight of the plane -- for the conclusion that it was safe to take off on the shorter runway . "  The engineers have been running calculations all night , " she said . Photos : Boeing through the ages	The plane landed safely at McConell Air Force Base "  Gawkers have caused accidents , " one official says Jabara Airport has no control tower and a much shorter runway The FAA is investigating the incident
CNN  -- Five Rwandans accused of involvement in genocide in their native country were arrested in Britain on Thursday , London 's Metropolitan Police Service said . The men appeared in a London court under an extradition warrant alleging offenses that include genocide and murder between 1993-1994 . They were identified by police as Vincent Bajinya , Charles Munyaneza , Emmanuel Nteziryayo , Celestin Ugirashebuja and Celestin Mutabaruka . At least 800,000 people were killed in Rwanda 's 1994 genocide . The victims were mostly from the Tutsi ethnic minority , who were targeted by Hutus over a rivalry that dates to colonial days . Some moderates from the Hutu majority who supported Tutsis also were killed . The five men are expected to appear again in the same court on Wednesday .	At least 800,000 people were killed in Rwanda 's genocide Five men will appear in court again next week
Boston  CNN  -- Across the country , fans of the New England Patriots are wondering whether Tom Brady will return to top form this Sunday , whether Gronk 's ankle will hold up , and whether cornerback Julian Edelman can shut down the Giants ' dangerous receivers . But here in Beantown , folks ask still another question : Will the Pats go out and win this one for Myra ? The passing of an owner 's wife is rarely a source of inspiration in professional sports , but the Patriots have long thought that Myra Kraft was different . That 's why they have woven an insignia bearing her initials into their jerseys : She has been their talisman this season and will be for the season 's finale . A little bit of background helps to explain . Myra 's husband , Bob Kraft , bought the Patriots in 1994 when it was a broken-down , struggling franchise . Since then , he has built it into one of the pre-eminent franchises in professional sports , with Myra as a close , constant partner . The Patriots racked up victories on the shoulders of a topflight quarterback in Brady , an ingenious coach in Bill Belichick -- but they won the respect of others around the league in large part thanks to Bob 's forthright leadership and Myra 's heart of gold . In fact , as Bob once recalled to The Associated Press , Myra was the one who balked when he was planning to buy the Patriots for a then-record $ 172 million : "  She was afraid it would affect our charitable giving . " Bob assured her , "  We will do more for the community if we run this franchise correctly " -- and he was right . Her contributions to humanity range from monumental gestures to everyday acts of kindness . She managed the Robert and Myra Kraft Family Foundation and the New England Patriots Charitable Foundation , which contributed millions of dollars to charities across the United States and in Israel , focusing on everything from education to poverty to cancer research . She headed the board of United Way of Massachusetts Bay and Merrimack Valley and was the first woman to chair the Boys & Girls Club of Boston . Frequently , she opened their home to Israelis studying at Harvard on Wexner fellowships . She and her husband also loved their large , boisterous family . A couple of years ago , the Krafts invited one of us  David along with wife Anne  to join them for a seder dinner during Passover . The room was crowded with almost three dozen children , grandchildren and friends . As the only Christians there , we were entranced as Bob asked every grandchild to read and Myra made each of us feel absolutely special . Although married to a man who Forbes lists with a net worth of $ 1.7 billion , Myra always made time to serve food in soup kitchens , to pack bags full of donated clothes , to bond with anyone around her . And she often persuaded Patriot players to serve alongside her . Former Pats running back Curtis Martin still remembers how much he enjoyed her chicken noodle soup . "  I used to give Myra Kraft a kiss before every game , " 325-pound defensive tackle Vince Wilfork recalled to The Boston Globe . She mattered to the players so much that , following her death at age 68 in July , the whole team commissioned a painting in her memory and presented it to Bob in an emotional locker room ceremony celebrating a late-season victory . Her memory also made the famously ice-cold Belichick choke up in a radio interview . And she struck a deep chord with fans , too . One of the biggest ovations in the AFC Championship came when someone held up 3-foot-high cutouts of her initials for all of Gillette Stadium to see . She rarely interceded in football operations , but fans happily recall how she nixed the drafting of a Nebraska linebacker with a criminal history of abusing women . With characteristic pluck and fearlessness , she advised Bob to dig deeper , and that was that -- the Patriots waived their rights to the player almost immediately after the draft , a previously unheard-of move . And while she was already beset this past summer by cancer . her deep connection with her husband -- and the grief so widely shared upon her passing -- is credited by many around the league with helping end the lockout that threatened this NFL season itself . Who will forget the timeless photo of the enormous Indianapolis center Jeff Saturday embracing Bob Kraft just days after Myra 's death ? Myra Kraft was not a large woman . But as Dr. Gary Gottlieb , president of Partners HealthCare  another nonprofit she supported vigorously  , told the Globe , "  As diminutive as her physical size was , it was in inverse proportion to the size of her heart and soul . " So that will be the legacy on the minds of the New England Patriots -- and the cheering faithful -- as the team suits up this Sunday . It 's a legacy that highlights the very best in football and brings out the very best in players . Steve Buckley of The Boston Herald notes that at halftime in the last game of the regular season , with the Pats down 21-0 to the Bills , Bob asked an assistant to bring that painting of Myra down from his office and place it in their locker room . The team roared back , scoring 49 unanswered points . "  Myra Kraft meant more to this than probably any of us that are playing this game , " Wilfork told the Globe . "  She 's the foundation . Hopefully we can get it done for her . " The fans here in New England are confident their team can . With a foundation that strong , they 're eager to see the Patriots go out and win one for Myra -- and for the timeless values she championed . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the authors .	David Gergen , Michael Zuckerman : New England Patriots have special determination to win Patriots dedicate their efforts in memory of Myra Kraft , wife of team owner Robert Kraft Authors : Myra was beloved for her dedication to charity
Washington  CNN  -- Missouri 's tight restrictions on protests and picketing outside military funerals were tossed out by a federal judge Monday , over free speech concerns . A small Kansas church had brought suit over its claimed right to loudly march outside the burials and memorial services of those killed in overseas conflicts . The state legislature had passed a law to keep members of the Topeka-based Westboro Baptist Church from demonstrating within 300 feet of such private services . Church members , led by pastor Fred Phelps , believe God is punishing the United States for "  the sin of homosexuality " through events including soldiers ' deaths . Members have traveled the country , shouting at grieving family members at funerals and displaying such signs as "  Thank God for Dead Soldiers , " "  God Blew Up the Troops " and "  AIDS Cures Fags . " The Supreme Court last year had granted a temporary injunction blocking enforcement of the law until it could be challenged . The justices will hear a similar challenge this fall involving the same church . Judge Fernando Gaitan in a 19-page order , dismissed the state legislation . The laws , said the Kansas City-based judge , "  could have the effect of criminalizing speech the mourners want to hear , including speech from counter-protesters to plaintiffs ' -LSB- the Westboro Church 's -RSB- message . As the law burdens substantially more speech than is necessary to further the government 's interest , -LSB- the law -RSB- violates the free speech clause of the First Amendment . " Phelps , his daughter , Shirley Phelps-Roper , and other church members had protested near the August 2005 funeral of Army Spc. Edward Lee Myers in St. Joseph , Missouri . The married Army Airborne Ranger died while on patrol in Samarra , Iraq , when an improvised explosive device detonated near his Humvee military vehicle . He was 21 , and in addition to his wife , he left behind a daughter . He was later buried at Leavenworth National Cemetery in Kansas . In response to that protest , Missouri lawmakers passed the "  Spc. Edward Lee Myers Law , " criminalizing picketing "  in front or about " a funeral location or procession . Phelps-Roper then went to federal court to ask for a preliminary injunction to block enforcement of the statute until its constitutionality could be reviewed . A federal appeals court eventually agreed . That court did not address the broader First Amendment claims , but noted the law was overly intrusive , since it "  restricts expressive activity not just within or on the premises of a cemetery of a church , but also on traditional public fora such as the adjacent public streets and sidewalks . " The Supreme Court has never addressed the specific issues of laws designed to protect the "  sanctity and dignity of memorial and funeral services , " as well as the privacy of family and friends of the deceased . But the justices in October will hear an appeal from the father of a U.S. solider killed in Iraq , after members of the Westboro Church conducted an angry demonstration at his son 's burial service in Maryland . The family of the Marine had won a $ 5 million judgment from the protesters , which was overturned by lower federal courts . At issue is a balancing test between the privacy rights of grieving families and the free-speech rights of demonstrators , however disturbing and provocative their message . Several other states besides Missouri have attempted to impose specific limits on when and where the church members can protest . The justices are being asked to address how far states can go to justify picket-free zones and the use of "  floating buffers " to silence or restrict the speech or movements of demonstrators exercising their constitutional rights in a funeral setting . Various jurisdictions across the nation have responded to the protests with varying levels of control over the church protesters . According to a legal brief it filed with the Supreme Court , church members believe it is their duty to protest and picket at certain events , including funerals , to promote their religious message : "  That God 's promise of love and heaven for those who obey him in this life is counterbalanced by God 's wrath and hell for those who do not obey him . " The congregation is made up mostly of Phelps and his family . The pastor has 13 children , and at least 54 grandchildren and seven great-grandchildren . He described himself as an "  old-time " gospel preacher in a CNN interview in 2006 , saying , "  You ca n't preach the Bible without preaching the hatred of God . " The church has also protested at least since 1993 at funerals of gay persons , those who died from AIDS , and others whose lifestyles are deemed sinful but were touted as heroic upon their death . Missouri officials said the appeals court improperly balanced the free speech rights of both sides in favor of the church . "  Mourners can not avoid a message that targets funerals without forgoing their right to partake in funeral or burial services , so are appropriately viewed as a captive audience " that is simply unable to shut out the offensive message , said state attorneys . The case is Phelps-Roper v. Koster  06-4156-cv  .	Federal judge tosses out Missouri ban on protests and picketing at military funerals The law was passed in response to a protest by Westboro Baptist Church The church members say they believe U.S. troop deaths are God 's punishment
CNN  -- Facebook is expanding its Gift feature to include plastic gift cards that carry balances for multiple stores and restaurants . The cards only work at four stores for now : Target , Jamba Juice , Sephora and The Olive Garden . So if you 've been wondering how to give your little sister a birthday gift that combines fruit smoothies , lip gloss and unlimited breadsticks , this product is for you . When you buy a card on the social network for a friend , they get a message informing them of the gift right away  great for scrambling at the last minute  . The cash amount is loaded on to a plastic card that is delivered in the mail , likely in some sort of paper envelope . The recipient can then take that physical card into a physical store and buy physical goods . For an Internet company , it 's all delightfully old fashioned . The cards will be rolling out gradually for Facebook users in the United States . Facebook is entering a crowded field and offers a couple of features to differentiate itself from other gift cards . The gift giver can choose which of the available stores to give money to -- say $ 5 to cover a drink at Jamba Juice and $ 20 for home goods at Target . The recipient can monitor the balances on their card from the Facebook app  but they ca n't move the money between vendors , no matter how much they would rather have mascara than pasta  . Any gift amounts they get in the future are automatically added to the same card . Facebook launched its Gifts feature in September for physical goods like chocolate , shirts , flowers and wine , as well as virtual items like donations to charity , Uber credit and Netflix subscriptions . It also offered gift cards for specific vendors such as Starbucks and iTunes . This new card is different because it will work at multiple retailers , is refillable and integrates with the Facebook app . Even though you can see your card 's balance on a smartphone , there are n't mobile payment options at the moment . Facebook cards are n't compatible with existing mobile payment technology like NFC , QR codes or barcodes that allow people to pay for goods with their mobile phone . For now the company is sticking with the traditional plastic rectangle and magnetic-strip technology that is most widely accepted across the United States . The new product falls somewhere between store-specific cards and bank-issued open gift cards that can be used almost anywhere credit cards are accepted . It also may create some privacy issues . In order to receive the card , the recipient will have to share their mailing address with Facebook , which might make some people uncomfortable . Gift cards are an easy workaround for people who do n't have enough time or personal knowledge to pick out a specific gift . Like cash , you know it will be useful and there 's no danger of getting people something they will hate . Choosing cards from specific vendors like a favorite coffee spot or clothing store can be slightly more personal than a Visa card to be used anywhere . With this card you can mix and match stores . Facebook has been experimenting with all kinds of money-making schemes in the past year , like paying to send messages to strangers . Most of the company 's revenue comes from advertising -- 84 % , according to the latest earnings report -- but it also makes some money off games and programs like Facebook Gifts . The social network says it has more than a billion active users , and that 's a largely untapped resource . A Facebook spokesperson said the company had nothing to share about how it will make money off the Card service . There are no fees for the gift giver or gift receiver , so Facebook is likely earning a percentage from the participating companies .	Facebook is adding gift cards to its Gifts service for users in the United States Initial offerings include Target , Jamba Juice , Sephora and the Olive Garden When you buy a card on the social network for a friend , a message tells them of the gift
CNN  The parents of the youngest victim of the Boston Marathon bombings are making an emotional , passionate plea to take the death penalty off the table for the man convicted in the case . Last week , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found guilty on all 30 charges he faced related to the bombings at the 2013 race and the dramatic violence that dragged out for days afterward . A look at all of the charges The sentencing phase begins Tuesday , a day after this year 's edition of the landmark race . It is expected to last four weeks . The 13th Juror : Now it gets real In a front-page opinion piece in The Boston Globe , Bill and Denise Richard wrote about the toll taken on their family after the death of their 8-year-old son , Martin . Their daughter , Jane , also was severely injured . "  Our family has grieved , buried our young son , battled injuries , and endured numerous surgeries -- all while trying to rebuild lives that will never be the same , " they said in the Globe column titled "  To end the anguish , drop the death penalty . " "  We sat in the courtroom , day after day , bearing witness to overwhelming evidence that included graphic video and photographs , replicated bombs , and even the clothes our son wore his last day alive . " They said they understood the "  heinousness and brutality of the crimes committed . " "  We were there . We lived it . The defendant murdered our 8-year-old son , maimed our 7-year-old daughter , and stole part of our soul . " But now the Richards are urging the Justice Department to bring the case to a close . "  We are in favor of and would support the Department of Justice in taking the death penalty off the table in exchange for the defendant spending the rest of his life in prison without any possibility of release and waiving all of his rights to appeal , " they wrote . They go on to say : "  We know that the government has its reasons for seeking the death penalty , but the continued pursuit of that punishment could bring years of appeals and prolong reliving the most painful day of our lives . We hope our two remaining children do not have to grow up with the lingering , painful reminder of what the defendant took from them , which years of appeals would undoubtedly bring . " Martin Richard and two others were killed and more 200 people wounded when a pair of bombs went off within 12 seconds of each other at the finish line on April 15 , 2013 . Tsarnaev was convicted last week , while his brother , Tamerlan , was killed in a shootout with police two years ago . The Richards never mention Tsarnaev by name . They stress that they were only speaking for themselves when they argue against the death penalty . "  We believe that now is the time to turn the page , end the anguish , and look toward a better future -- for us , for Boston , and for the country , " they wrote .	Parents of Martin Richard argue against death penalty for Dzhokhar Tsarnaev The 8-year-old boy was youngest of victims in the Boston Marathon bombings Sentencing phase for Tsarnaev begins next week
CNN  -- Despite defense criticisms of what it called a "  shameful " leading question about whether Drew Peterson tried to intimidate a neighbor , a judge ruled Thursday that the former Chicago-area police officer 's murder trial can proceed . Five witnesses took the stand in Joliet on Thursday , but not before lawyers from both sides argued about whether a mistrial should be ordered , thus bringing the entire case back to square one . This debate followed testimony Wednesday by Thomas Pontarelli , a Bolingbrook , Illinois , neighbor of Peterson 's ex-wife Kathleen Savio and one of those who found her dead in a dry , clean bathtub on March 1 , 2004 . Pontarelli testified Savio had asked him to put a lock on her bedroom door and also that Peterson had once challenged him about the front door locks at Savio 's house being changed , which Pontarelli insisted he did n't do . The night of March 1 , he said Peterson -- a police officer in Bolingbrook who was barred from seeing Savio by a protective order -- called the Pontarelli house to say a locksmith was coming to get in his ex-wife 's house . After the door was unlocked , Pontarelli , some of his family members and Peterson came across Savio 's body , with no rug or towel nearby , in an upstairs bathroom . Later , prosecutor Kathy Patton brought up the time Peterson questioned Pontarelli about whether he 'd changed the locks of Savio 's front door , asking him , "  Did there come a time when you felt intimidated by him ? " "  Yes , " Pontarelli responded . "  We had a conversation . He accused me of changing the locks on the front door . I  said  I did n't , but I got his message ... I found a .38 bullet out on the driveway . " Catch up on the Peterson case in 3 minutes After this statement , defense lawyer Steven Greenberg objected and subsequently Judge Edward Burmila asked the jurors and the witness to leave the courtroom . On Thursday , Greenberg argued for a mistrial , saying , "  Prosecutors  are going to try and continue ... to put in evidence that people were fearful of Mr. Peterson ... So far , we have a jury that thinks everybody 's afraid of Mr. Peterson . How is that fair to Mr. Peterson ? " Calling the state 's question leading and unfair , the defense lawyer added that prosecutors were acting as if "  the rules of evidence do n't apply to them , " which he called "  shameful . " Prosecutor Chris Koch , in response , said it was "  absurd " to suggest the state was "  trying to mislead this jury . " The judge ruled the question and response was inadmissible , later instructing jurors to ignore it and any reference to a bullet . But he also said the trial should continue and that the jury could consider the rest of Pontarelli 's testimony . With this issue settled , the trial resumed with the testimony of Louis Oleskiewicz , the paramedic who saw Salvo "  down in the bathtub " with no pulse . He spoke about her hair being matted down and skin feeling cold and "  waxy . " Oleskiewicz said he did n't see any towels to suggest Savio might have been taking a bath , questioning whether a blue towel shown in a picture from the scene was actually there that night . A locksmith , Robert Akin , took the stand next to discuss being called -- with a call straight to his cell phone , even though he was not on call for his shop that night -- and unlocking the front door of Savio 's house , with Peterson standing next to him flashlight in hand . Three Bolingbrook firefighters later testified about their experience at the Savio house that night , noting the presence of several people , including Peterson . Two of them said Peterson , who was in uniform , asked them to be respectful of the scene because it was his ex-wife . Testimony will resume Friday and , after a three-day weekend , pick up on Tuesday . The entire trial is expected to last about four weeks . Peterson 's letter to the media Peterson , now 58 , was married to Savio in 2001 when he had an affair with then-17-year-old Stacy Kales , who later became Peterson 's fourth wife . He has been called a suspect in her 2007 disappearance , though he 's never been charged and she has never been found . Savio and Drew Peterson filed for divorce that October , and their relationship remained contentious for the next several years . Bolingbrook police records indicate officers were called to Savio 's home 18 times to intervene in domestic fights from 2002 to 2004 . Drew Peterson had Savio arrested twice for domestic violence , though she was found not guilty in both cases . A judge in March 2002 granted Savio a protection order from her ex-husband , prohibiting him from being near her , entering her home or taking out their children except for two brief weekly visits . Savio had claimed that months after that order was issued , Peterson held a knife to her throat and threatened to kill her inside her home . On February 27 , 2004 , Peterson picked up his two sons from Savio 's home , spending the next two days with them . Prosecutors believe that he entered her home again early on February 29 and killed Savio . At the time of her death , which authorities initially treated as an accident , a court was mulling how the couple 's marital assets would be divided , and Savio was set to receive part of Peterson 's pension and other support . During opening statements Tuesday , one of Peterson 's lawyers argued that their client spent his career protecting the public and that murder accusations are groundless . "  Kathy slipped , fell , hit her head in a household accident , and drowned . Case closed , " said attorney Joel Brodsky . InSession 's Michael Christian in Joliet contributed to this report .	Drew Peterson 's lawyer calls prosecutors "  shameful " and demands a mistrial The judge refuses , though he strikes a part of the testimony of one witness The former police officer is charged with murder in the 2004 death of his third wife
CNN  Adi Shankar had the idea for "  Power/Rangers " when he was 7 years old . "  This was before the Internet , and my access to TV and video games was pretty limited , " the producer recalled Thursday , in the midst of the "  Power/Rangers " frenzy . "  So all you really had was  to  tell people stories . So I 'd tell people ` Captain Planet ' stories , and then I started telling them these dark ` Power Ranger ' stories . "  And I got into trouble , " he added . "  Because the parents were like , ` This guy , he 's ruining our children ! ' " That was more than 20 years ago for Shankar . But the producer , now 30 , got his wish when his dark version of the "  Mighty Morphin Power Rangers , " directed by friend Joseph Kahn , made it online -- and proceeded to rack up more than 11 million views on YouTube in less than two days . Fans buzzing over bloody ` Power/Rangers ' ` bootleg ' In some ways , Shankar is still getting into trouble . Not only did the video explode the Power Rangers mythology , showing the impact of serving as "  child soldiers , " in Shankar 's phrase , but the video became a legal football after the owner of the franchise , Saban Entertainment , claimed infringement . First it was taken down from Vimeo and then YouTube . However , it was reposted in both places late Friday after lawyers reached agreement , Deadline reported . Among the additions : a disclaimer from Shankar that his "  bootleg " is "  my take on the FAN FILM . Not a pilot , not a series , not for profit , strictly for exhibition . This is a bootleg experiment not affiliated or endorsed by Saban Entertainment or Lionsgate nor is it selling any product . I claim no rights to any of the characters  do n't send me any money , not kickstarted , this film is free  . " Saban Entertainment has its own plans to reboot the popular '90s franchise with a theatrical film scheduled for 2016 . ` An interesting experiment ' So who are these guys , anyway ? Kahn is a famed music video director , probably best known for Britney Spears ' "  Toxic , " Eminem 's "  Without Me "  for which he won a Grammy  and Taylor Swift 's "  Blank Space . " He 's also handled a number of commercials and the films "  Detention " and "  Torque . " Shankar is a producer of such films as "  The Grey , " "  Killing Them Softly " and "  Dredd . " This is n't the first time he 's made a "  bootleg " short . Previous videos have included one featuring Marvel 's Punisher character and one drawing from Marvel 's Venom character . In a Reddit AMA , Kahn said that "  Power/Rangers " was "  self-funded . " A special effects house , Ingenuity Engine , "  worked six months on this and took a bath financially , " he added . Shankar declined to give a budget for "  Power/Rangers , " which was shot over a few days last year , but says it was mainly financed through favors and the principals ' money . "  It was all favors , " he says , noting that star James Van Der Beek "  is one of my best friends . " The film also starred "  Battlestar Galactica 's " Katee Sackhoff . Both Shankar and Kahn like to subvert concepts and cliches . Kahn said he was drawn to "  Power/Rangers " because "  it was an interesting experiment to play with reboot culture and tone control . ... I did n't come into it to please a fan base , per se , but to experiment with pop culture . " And Shankar ? Even his look tries to upset stereotypes . In the video he made to explain "  Power/Rangers , " he 's wearing eye makeup like the 1970s Alice Cooper , a look he adopted "  because I do n't want to be  an Indian  stereotype , " he told CNN . ` Kind of a war brewing ' Shankar comes by his outlook honestly . The Indian-born producer had an itinerant childhood thanks to his father 's job , traveling frequently -- various Indian cities , China , Singapore -- before moving on to the next place . He came to the United States at 16 . He says he thinks of his childhood as "  jarring , " with the only constants comic books , movies and television . "  Just moving around so much , literally every two years , " he said . "  I did n't feel like I had a friend until I was 18 . If you 're moving to a different school , let alone a different country every couple years , it 's kind of jarring as a kid . There was no consistency for me in a cultural context " except for American movies and pop culture . He attended school at Northwestern University in Chicago , where he founded a successful ad agency , and then moved to Hollywood , which he describes as "  a dream of mine . " Though both men were successful before , "  Power/Rangers " has given them new visibility -- partly thanks to the bottom-up enthusiasm for the project . Both filmmakers wax philosophical about the impact . "  Internet changes things , " Kahn tweeted after congratulating supporters . "  New world , new rules . " Shankar observes that "  Power/Rangers " is just another marker in a continuing debate between creativity , intellectual property and fan-driven culture . "  There 's kind of a war brewing between the old world and the new world , " he said . "  The Internet has kind of been a nuclear warhead on a lot of businesses and a lot of industries . ... It 's kind of bizarre to be thrown in the middle of it . I 'm literally just a fan making a fan video . " It 's not about dollars and cents , he added : "  Is that what we 're about ? We 're one massive consumerist mosh pit ? " In the meantime , he 's got plenty of other projects cooking , including a crime thriller set in a world of both puppets and humans that 's like "  a really dark , violent ` Muppet Movie . ' " It all comes down to the same impulse that drove him to tell stories when he was 7 , he says . "  I 'm just a creative dude , " he said .	"  Power/Rangers " became an Internet craze last week Its producer and director like to subvert pop culture ideas The film was a legal football for a time , highlighting creativity and financial issues
CNN  -- The Mars Curiosity rover used its laser to "  interrogate " a Martian rock Sunday in what NASA said was "  target practice " for future experiments . It was the first time such a powerful laser has been used on another planet and comes two weeks after the mobile science lab touched down on Mars . A fist-sized rock dubbed "  Coronation " -- or Martian rock N165 for scientists keeping count -- was zapped 30 times over 10 seconds with 14 millijoules of energy in each pulse , NASA said . "  Each pulse delivers more than a million watts of power for about five one-billionths of a second , " a NASA statement said . India plans to launch Mars orbiter Curiosity 's ChemCam , short for Chemistry and Camera , recorded the resulting glowing , ionized gas in an effort to identify chemical elements in the rock , which was about 10 feet away . Sylvestre Maurice , the ChemCam deputy project scientist watching at the Institut de Recherche en Astrophysique et Planetologie in Toulouse , France , called the quality of the information gathered "  surprising . " "  It 's so rich , we can expect great science from investigating what might be thousands of targets with ChemCam in the next two years , " Maurice said . ChemCam "  got a great spectrum " to analyze , said Roger Wiens of the Los Alamos National Laboratory . "  Our team is both thrilled and working hard , looking at the results . After eight years building the instrument , it 's payoff time ! " Curiosity began a two-year mission on Mars on August 6 and has been beaming back images of the surface of Gale Crater ever since . It is loaded with 10 instruments "  to assess whether a carefully chosen study area inside Gale Crater has ever offered environmental conditions favorable for microbial life , " NASA said . More space coverage on CNN Light Years NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory said Friday that Curiosity 's first driving destination will be Glenelg , about 1,300 feet from the rover 's landing site . "  We had a bunch of strong contenders . It is the kind of dilemma planetary scientists dream of , but you can only go one place for the first drilling for a rock sample on Mars , " said project scientist John Grotzinger . "  That first drilling will be a huge moment in the history of Mars exploration . " The rover 's primary target is Mount Sharp , a peak about 8 kilometers  5 miles  away . But moving about a football field a day , with lengthy stops , it could take nearly a year to reach the slopes at the base of the mountain . Complete coverage of the Mars rover	It 's the first time such a powerful laser has been used on another planet Curiosity 's laser blasts a fist-sized rock 30 times in 10 seconds "  We can expect great science from investigating what might be thousands of targets , " scientist says Curiosity began a two-year mission on Mars on August 6
CNN  -- A statement purportedly released by a violent Mexican drug cartel promises a one-month extension to a truce it called for in December . The Familia Michoacana cartel , which takes its name from the central-coastal state where it operates , signed the statement , which was circulated by e-mail on Sunday and published in its entirety on a blog dedicated to covering the drug wars . Mexican authorities were not immediately available to comment on the authenticity of the communication . The cartel accuses the federal police of committing abuses in the region and blaming them . The authorities have attacked the cartel and any person caught in its path , be it civilians , women or children , the cartel alleges . It also wishes the residents of Michoacan a happy new year . The Familia Michoacana "  separates itself from any criminal act that occurred in the month of December 2010 that the federal authorities want to make us responsible for , " the statement says . A similar letter circulated last month offered a truce for the month of December , though that did n't mean the the month was without violence . The Mexican government continued its operations against the cartel , killing one of its leaders , Nazario Moreno Gonzalez , after two days of armed confrontations . Five federal police officers and three civilians , including two minors , were killed in the operation , a national security spokesman said at the time . Three members of La Familia Michoacana were killed and three others captured . Authorities described a scene of heavy gunfire where cartel members set trucks and buses on fire on highways to block police from arriving . Another cartel leader , Francisco Lopez Villanueva , alias "  El Bigote , " was captured at the end of the month . The truce will be extended another month "  to continue demonstrating to the authorities , federal government and above all the Michoacan residents that the Familia Michoacana is not guilty of all of the criminal acts that the authorities and federal government make public through the media , " the statement says .	The Familia Michoacana is one of the most violence cartels in Mexico In a statement , the group says it will extend a truce for another month Police have not stopped going after the cartel
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Eight American tourists -- six women and two men -- were killed in a traffic accident Sunday while on a tour bus in Aswan , Egypt , the country 's interior ministry said . An additional 19 American tourists and two Egyptians -- the bus driver and a tour guide -- were injured . A total of 116 American tourists were traveling in three tour buses . The interior ministry said the middle bus -- carrying 37 of the tourists -- crashed into a parked dump truck loaded with sand . Video of the crash site showed one side of the bus completely sheared off , with some seats dangling from the vehicle 's shell . Dried blood could be seen on some of the crumpled wreckage . Twelve of those injured were taken to Nasser Medical Institute in Cairo , according to the hospital 's head , Dr. Bahaa Al-deen Ziad . Two of the crash victims are in the hospital 's intensive care unit in critical but stable condition , Ziad said . The 10 others were admitted to the hospital in stable condition and are being examined by doctors with specialties in neurosurgery , orthopedics and plastic surgery , he said . Aswan is a popular tourist site in Egypt located about 1,000 kilometers  621 miles  away from Cairo . The U.S. Embassy in Cairo issued a statement Sunday saying it was "  deeply saddened " by the accident . "  The embassy has confirmed that the injured are being moved by military transport to Cairo , and has mobilized staff to identify and to assist those Americans involved , " the statement said . "  Consular services will be provided to assist any American citizens who have been affected and their families , in coordination with the Egyptian government . " Embassy staff members in Egypt are available for questions or concerns.They can be reached in Cairo at 011 202 2797 3300 .	The U.S. Embassy in Cairo says its staff is working to identify the Americans involved One of three tour buses crashes into a parked dump truck loaded with sand 19 American tourists and two Egyptians are injured
CNN  -- The explosive found hidden in a package on a plane in the United Arab Emirates on Friday may have traveled on passenger planes to get there , airline officials said Sunday . The explosive , along with a similar device found in the United Kingdom , appear to have been designed to detonate on their own , without someone having to set them off , the top White House counterterrorism official told CNN . "  It is my understanding that these devices did not need somebody to detonate them , " said John Brennan , President Barack Obama 's assistant for homeland security and counterterrorism . U.S. investigators believe al Qaeda bomb maker Ibrahim Hassan al-Asiri , 28 , is linked to that package and another one found on a second airplane in Britain 's East Midlands Airport on Friday , a federal official , who was briefed by authorities , told CNN Sunday . Both packages were addressed to synagogues in Chicago , Illinois . Al-Asiri , who is thought to be in Yemen , is a Saudi who was high on Saudi Arabia 's list of most wanted published in February 2009 . He is also believed to be the bomber who designed last year 's failed Christmas Day underwear bomb . Separately , an engineering student arrested in Yemen was released Sunday , along with her mother , according to her father , Mohammed Al-Samawi . She was earlier identified as Hanan Al-Samawi , a fifth-year student at Sanaa University in the Yemeni capital , said Abdul-Rahman Barman , a human rights attorney and activist who said he was asked to represent her . A high-level source in the United Arab Emirates said Hanan Al-Samawi 's name was found on the cargo manifest of the device found in Dubai . Also arrested was her mother , Amatilullah Mohammed . Barman had said the mother 's arrest was illegal and said holding the two in an undisclosed location was "  a criminal act . " Authorities do not have any American suspects at this time , a U.S. official said . Two schools in Yemen were being looked at in connection with the plot and had been on the radar of U.S. officials before , the official said . The explosive device found in Dubai , United Arab Emirates , was contained in a Hewlett-Packard printer , and had a motherboard originating from a mobile phone , but did not have a SIM card in it , the high-level source told CNN . The device was professionally assembled , the source said . The motherboard was connected by a striker to the printer head and then to the cartridge , which was filled with explosives . Authorities have the serial number of the motherboard and the printer , and are searching to see where it was sold , how it was paid for and what information they can glean about the people who performed those transactions , according to the source . Authorities believe an explosive device found at the United Kingdom 's East Midlands airport flew from Yemen to a Persian Gulf state , then to Cologne , Germany , the official said . The device was then transferred onto a UPS plane . Investigators are still attempting to retrace the route of the Dubai device , according to the high-level official . Some believe it went to Doha , Qatar , on Qatar Airways , where it spent the night before traveling to Dubai the following day . However , it does appear the devices did fly on commercial passenger planes , the high-level official said . Screening the devices would have been difficult , since printers normally contain computer parts and wires , according to Richard Quest , CNN 's aviation correspondent . Qatar Airways , which said earlier Sunday that it had flown the device from Yemen to Dubai for FedEx , is no longer certain that is true , a senior airline source said . The airline is investigating the possibility that the explosives flew on another airline after finding inconsistencies in information it was given , the source said . An airline spokesman said earlier that two Qatar Airways passenger planes had carried the package . Emirates Airways , which also flies from Yemen to the United Arab Emirates , said as far as it is aware , it had not carried the package . The package was being sent by FedEx , which uses other airlines to get parcels out of Yemen because it does not fly there itself . The two devices found Friday look like they were put together by the same bomber who designed last year 's failed Christmas Day underwear bomb , a U.S. government official told CNN . "  The thinking is it 's the same person or group of people that built the underwear bomb , because of the way it 's put together , " said the official , who had been briefed by multiple U.S. authorities and law enforcement sources . "  But this one is about four times as powerful . " American authorities are now endorsing British Prime Minister David Cameron 's position that the explosives were designed to take down an airplane , the official said . However , a U.S. official said Sunday the United States has not drawn any conclusions on the intent of the bombs and whether they were intended to explode in flight , at the synagogues or somewhere else . American and British authorities think al Qaeda 's branch in Yemen is linked to the plot . A key figure in the group is the American-born Yemeni militant cleric Anwar al-Awlaki , whom U.S. authorities have linked to Fort Hood shooting suspect Maj. Nidal Hasan and the man accused in the Christmas Day bomb attempt . Brennan on Friday declined to name al-Awlaki specifically as a suspect . "  Anybody who 's associated with al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula is a subject of concern , " he said . Yemen is investigating the shipping agency that sent the packages , its President Ali Abdullah Saleh said Saturday , based on information provided by the United States and United Kingdom , who in turn are getting tips from Saudi Arabia . The United Kingdom is sending a security team to help with Yemen 's investigation , Saleh said . A specific explosive was found in both Friday 's devices and in the foiled underwear bomb attempt in 2009 , a source close to the investigation said . It 's a highly explosive organic compound called PETN , which belongs to the same chemical family as nitroglycerin , the source said . Six grams of PETN are enough to blow a hole in the fuselage of an aircraft . PETN was allegedly one of the components of the bomb concealed by Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , the Nigerian man accused of trying to set off a bomb hidden in his underwear aboard a Northwest Airlines flight as it approached Detroit , Michigan , on December 25 . "  The quantity of PETN in these -LSB- new -RSB- devices was about five times the volume used at Christmas " by AbdulMutallab , Col. Richard Kemp , the former chairman of the British government 's Cobra Intelligence Group , told CNN affiliate ITN . Yemen 's president said his country is cooperating with the U.S. , the U.K. , and Saudi Arabia . The U.S. Transportation Security Administration is sending six inspectors to Yemen to help improve cargo security , an official with the agency said Sunday . "  Even before this incident , 100 percent of identified high-risk cargo on inbound passenger planes was being screened , " TSA Administrator John S. Pistole said in a statement Sunday , noting that security procedures will evolve based on the latest intelligence information . Over the past several months , Yemen , which wants to be seen as a committed partner in the fight against terrorism , has launched several offensives against al Qaeda in its country , but has not captured al-Awlaki . "  We acknowledge that we have a problem with terrorism , specifically the presence of al Qaeda , and we continue to pay a high price , " Saleh said . The Yemeni government imposed new security measures at local airports , the SABA news agency said Sunday , including "  unusual check methods on outgoing packages from Yemeni airports . " Meanwhile , U.S. authorities were grateful for a tip from Yemen 's oil-rich neighbor , Saudi Arabia , alerting them to the suspicious packages . Saudi officials provided tracking numbers of the two packages , enabling quick tracing to the United Kingdom and Dubai , a source told CNN . CNN 's Bharati Naik , Caroline Paterson , Jeanne Meserve , Mohammed Jamjoom , Susan Candiotti and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	NEW : The TSA administrator says security procedures will evolve based on latest intelligence Yemeni student and her mother are released Suspected al Qaeda bomber Hassan al-Asiri is connected to the plot , an official says Investigators see him as a link between Friday 's devices and the 2009 underwear bomb
CNN  -- AS Monaco have promoted their Norwegian technical director to chief executive as the Ligue 2 team announced a management restructure as part of their strategy to return the French club to former glories . After buying a majority stake in the seven-time French champions in December 2011 , billionaire Russian businessman Dmitry Rybolovlev has handed Tor-Kristian Karlsen , who before joining Monaco as technical director in March 2012 worked as a scout for Zenit St Petersburg , the dual role of CEO and director general . The club won the last of their French league titles in 2000 and were Champions League runners-up in 2004 , before they relegated to Ligue 2 in 2011 . However , Rybolovlev , who according to Forbes has a net worth of $ 9 billion and is the 13th richest man in Russian , has ambitious plans to revive Monaco . In the summer Monaco appointed experienced Italian manager Claudio Ranieri as their new coach and signing promising Argentine youngster Lucas Ocampos for a reported $ 19m from River Plate . As well as establishing a reputation as a scout who was capable of identifying emerging global talent , Karlsen was briefly Norwegian club Frekrikstad 's sporting director between September 2008 and January 2009 . "  The management can now focus all its efforts on achieving sporting performance , " Rybolovlev told the Monaco website . "  I am delighted to welcome Tor-Kristian Karlsen to his new position of Director General and CEO -- he has exactly the right qualities and experience to drive the future performance of ASM . " As part of the restructure , Dmitry Chechkin is to step down as vice-president , with that role to remain vacant . Monaco are currently second in Ligue 2 , a point behind Dijon .	French club Monaco promote Norwegian technical director Tor-Kristian Karlsen Karlsen takes up roles of chief executive officer and director general Ligue 2 club last won French league title in 2000 Russian billionaire Dmitry Rybolovlev bought majority stake in Monaco in 2011
CNN  -- Iran 's lead nuclear negotiator announced a tentative agreement was reached Friday over the implementation of plan that requires Tehran to limit its nuclear program , even as U.S. officials described the talks as ongoing . The conflicting reports came as Iran wrapped up two days of talks in Geneva with the European Union , the United States , China and Russia over how put in place a deal that calls for Tehran to limit its nuclear activities in exchange or a softening of sanctions that have crippled its economy . Negotiators from both sides appeared to make progress , with Iran 's lead negotiator -- Abbas Araqchi -- telling state-run Press TV that the two sides reached a tentative deal . Neither Araqchi nor the top negotiator for the six world powers detailed the agreement . If all sides accept the plan , an official announcement will be made within two weeks , Araqchi said , according to the official IRNA news agency . But U.S. officials say while progress has been made , the agreement still needs to be finalized . "  The accurate description would be that they are ongoing . The negotiations are ongoing , " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said during a briefing in Washington . The nuclear deal struck in November has been widely hailed as a successful interim measure to stave off an unwanted conflict over Tehran 's nuclear program . But after initially celebrating a diplomatic success , Iran has reportedly lashed out at the United States for making public a modified version of the agreement that they say does not reflect Tehran 's interpretation . Late last month , Iranian lawmakers drafted a bill that would force the government to enrich uranium up to 60 % if new sanctions are imposed , state media reported . The move came only days after bipartisan legislation was introduced in the U.S. Senate that would authorize new economic sanctions on Iran if it breaches an interim agreement to limit its nuclear program or fails to strike a final accord terminating those ambitions . On Friday , the Senate moved toward a veto-proof majority supporting legislation authorizing new economic sanctions on Iran . The bipartisan proposal introduced by Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Sen. Robert Menendez , D-New Jersey , and Sen. Mark Kirk , R-Illinois , now has 59 senators who have formally committed to support it , a senior Senate aide told CNN . The aide said that the current informal count is even higher -- at 77 yes votes -- and that more are expected to come on board once the undecided are forced to vote . A two-thirds majority in both the Senate and House of Representatives is necessary to override a presidential veto . President Barack Obama has threatened to veto any legislation that would authorize new economic sanctions on Iran , saying such a bill at this time would undermine delicate efforts to forge a lasting deal with Tehran . The bill could come to the Senate floor for consideration during the week of Obama 's State of the Union address on January 28 or the following week , said the aide , who spoke on condition of anonymity , citing the sensitivity of the issue . The proposal would give Obama more than a year to engage in further diplomacy before any new sanctions would kick in against Iran 's oil exports and other key areas of its economy , but sanctions would hit sooner if Iran cheats on the interim deal or fails to reach a final accord . The United States and other Western powers believe Iran is attempting to build a bomb through uranium enrichment . But Tehran says its nuclear intentions are peaceful . CNN 's Chief National Security Correspondent Jim Sciutto reported from Washington ; Chelsea J. Carter wrote from Atlanta . Mohammed Tawfeeq also contributed to this report .	Iran 's lead negotiator say a plan will be announced within two weeks , state-run media reports Announcement comes the end of two days of talks in Geneva between the two sides The United States says progress was made , but the talks are ongoing The U.S. Senate has moved toward a veto-proof majority to authorize new sanctions
CNN  -- Formula One championship leader Fernando Alonso believes the race for the drivers ' title has tipped in Ferrari 's favor . Ahead of Sunday 's Italian Grand Prix , the 31-year-old Alonso leads the standings by 24 points despite not getting past the first corner in Belgium last weekend . "  We know in some races the McLaren will look strong and win the race and in some races we will be strong and win the race , and in some others it will be Red Bull , " said Alonso , who will be fit for Ferrari 's home race at Monza after recovering from injuries sustained in a spectacular crash at Spa on Sunday . "  I think in this combination and this mix of different winners we will have the advantage . " Title leader Alonso fit for Monza after Belgian Grand Prix horror crash Two-time defending champion Sebastian Vettel capitalized on the chaos of the Spa pileup to finish second at the Belgian GP and move ahead of Red Bull teammate Mark Webber in the overall standings , cutting Alonso 's advantage by 10 points . But the Spaniard believes his competitors have less room for error with eight races to go in the F1 season . "  The position that we have in the championship now , we can afford one mistake , we can afford one bad race , but the others can not , so I think the pressure is with the others at the moment , " he told CNN . "  The car I know is 100 % also without any big damage . We had to change 90 % of the car but it is ready . I think it wo n't have any impact on the Monza race and that 's important , and hopefully we will recover some points . " Button wins in Belgium in race marred by spectacular first corner crash Alonso viewed six drivers -- Red Bull 's Vettel and Webber , Kimi Raikkonen of Lotus , as well as McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton and Jenson Button -- as threats to his chances of a first crown since he won for the second successive year with Renault in 2006 . "  In the next two or three races that will become two or three contenders , so I think it is a very crucial part of the championship now , " he said . Alonso hopes that home advantage will give Ferrari an added edge at Monza . "  For the team it 's extra motivation , for the mechanics and the supporters and all the people that are in our team , " he said . "  We want to give them something back , so it is important that we arrive with full confidence and at some optimism in the team , and we can give them a good result . "	Fernando Alonso leads drivers ' championship by 24 points from Sebastian Vettel Two-time world champion believes he has the "  advantage " in 2012 Alonso claims pressure "  is with the others " as season enters final eight races Spaniard says Italian team 's home race at Monza provides extra motivation
CNN  -- First trip to Malmo ? Here 's some insider advice to help you get the most out of your visit . Locals like to take a cold dip after a sauna at Ribersborgs Kallbadhus . Getting around town Most of Malmo 's attractions are reachable by foot , but flat terrain and an abundance of cycle paths also make the city ideal to explore by bike . Rentals run around 120 kronor . You can also jump on the eco-friendly buses that criss-cross the city . Visit the tourist office at Central Station for maps . If you opt for a taxi , be sure to set the price of the trip with the driver before setting off . Ice cool For more than a century , locals have been visiting the Ribersborgs Kallbadhus for a steam in the sauna followed by a dip in the Baltic . The swimming baths are open year-round . If you want to blend in with the locals , brave the elements and hit the baths in the winter for an icy plunge . A better time to visit for the less adventurous is in the summer , when the baths are open for sunbathing . Living green As part of its post-industrial transformation , Malmo has become a leader in environmental design . The city 's green achievements are reflected by the Bo01 housing development , a waterfront regeneration project with a focus on environmentally-friendly living . For the latest in green design , visit the Western Harbor and Augustenborg neighborhoods . For a more informed look , contact the local Environmental Department , which occasionally offers free guided tours of the city 's ecologically sustainable areas . Around the Sound Malmo is located just 35 minutes by train from the Danish capital of Copenhagen , and every day thousands travel between the two cities via the Oresund Bridge . Trains leave from Malmo every 20 minutes for most of the day . After midnight , service is less frequent . The two cities are part of Scandinavia 's Oresund region -- the transnational area made up of southern Sweden and eastern Denmark . The best way to explore the Oresund region is with an "  Around the Sound " ticket , which gives you access to all the trains you need to travel around the area , including the ride across the Oresund Bridge . You can make as many stops as you want as long as you travel in one direction . Tickets are good for two days and also get you discounts to the major attractions in the region . Prices depend on how far you travel and start from 199 kronor . Feasting on crayfish Swedes are crazy about crayfish , and outdoor festivities celebrating the crustacean are held across the nation to mark the end of summer . In Malmo , head to Stortorget , the city 's main square , for one of the biggest crayfish parties in the world . The massive celebration is held annually to kick off the popular Malmo Festival . Swedes like their crayfish cooked in salty water infused with dill . Blend in with the locals by eating it cold with toast and beer . To really get into the tradition , wash down the crayfish with akvavit , a Scandinavian kind of vodka .	Walking is the cheapest and easiest way to explore Malmo Have a steam followed by an icy dip in the sea for a truly local experience Enjoy a two-nation vacation by taking a trip to nearby Copenhagen Feasting on crayfish is a traditional way to mark the end of summer
CNN  -- It 's going to cost vacationers more to visit with Mickey Mouse starting Thursday , when Disney parks in California and Florida will raise ticket prices . Disney posted an announcement about the price hikes Tuesday on its Disney Parks blog . At Walt Disney World in Orlando , Florida , the base price for one-day , one-park passes will rise from $ 79 to $ 82 for ages 10 and up . Tickets for children ages 3 to 9 will go from $ 68 to $ 74 . The additional fee for park-hopper tickets will jump by $ 2 for one-day access , to $ 54 . One-day , one-park tickets to Southern California 's Disneyland Resort will rise from $ 72 to $ 76 for ages 10 and up and from $ 62 to $ 68 for ages 3 to 9 . Prices for one-day park-hopper tickets will go up by $ 4 for both age groups . Increases will also apply to multi-day passes at both parks . Prices for annual passes will rise by $ 10 to $ 18 at Disney World and by $ 20 for premium annual passes at Disneyland . Prices for tickets and passes already purchased will not be affected . Disney 's blog provides links to information about the new pricing , going into effect August 5 .	Disney announced ticket price hikes Tuesday on its Disney Parks blog One-day , one-park pass prices are going up by $ 3 to $ 6 Annual pass prices are also going up
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- Five people were shot Friday outside a Chicago , Illinois , high school , police said . Police say a shooting outside a Chicago high school on Friday may be gang-related . Authorities said the shooting occurred about 8 p.m. CT outside Dunbar High School on Chicago 's South Side . "  It appears to be gang-related , " Chicago Police Superintendent Jody Weis said at a news conference , adding that more than 200 officers were investigating the incident . "  We anticipate solving this thing in the not too distant future , " Weis said . Chicago Fire Department spokeswoman Eve Rodriguez said the five people -- all males -- were wounded by gunfire and taken to area hospitals . Two were in serious condition , one was in critical condition and two were in stable condition , she said . Rodriguez also said a female victim was injured in a fall and was listed in good condition at a hospital . Rodriguez told CNN affiliate WGN that all of the victims were "  young people , " but she could not say whether they were students . WGN reported that a basketball game was in double overtime at the school when shots were fired outside the building . Basketball games had been underway at the school for about four hours , and some students were leaving the building when gunfire broke out , WGN reported . Shaneisha Turman , 15 , told WGN that she was standing in the doorway of the gym when she saw a silver truck pull up to a nearby bus stop . The occupants of the truck pretended to shoot , Turman said , and then "  they really started shooting . " People were shouting "  They 're shooting , " Turman said , adding , "  It was a lot of people shouting and running . " Weis said security cameras at the school were being examined to aid in the investigation and while no arrests had been made , "  We 've got some positive leads . "	Police : Gunmen in SUV fire shots outside Chicago high school Five people treated at hospital for gunshot wounds Police say shooting appears to be gang-related
Moscow , Russia  CNN  -- Suspects in an explosive inferno at a Russian nightclub that killed at least 112 people will face charges Monday , authorities have said . The fire broke out Friday night in the Ural Mountain area industrial city of Perm , sweeping through a party in full swing at the Lame Horse , a nightclub celebrating its eighth year in business . An estimated 300 people were in the club . Authorities have cited five suspects . Three people are suspected of violating fire safety regulations , and the director of the company that supplied and installed fireworks equipment in the nightclub could face manslaughter charges , said Marina Zabbarova , head of the Perm territory branch of the Investigative Committee . Authorities detained those four suspects . A court ruled Sunday that the four will remain under arrest for two months , according to local prosecutor Vladimir Rybailo . Another suspect was hospitalized , in critical condition . "  He is the owner of the Lame Horse premises , " Zabbarova said . More than 170 interrogations have been conducted with injured people and eyewitnesses , said Vladimir Markin , a spokesman for the Investigative Committee of the Russian Prosecutor 's Office . At least 123 people were hospitalized , authorities said . The death toll climbed to 112 on Sunday , rising as people died in hospitals , according to the press office of the Perm division of the Russian Emergency Situation Ministry . Three victims were buried Sunday , Russian media reported . As of Sunday morning , 26 people remained at area hospitals , with the rest airlifted to burn trauma clinics in Moscow , St. Petersburg , Chelyabinsk and Nizhni Novgorod , according to the Russian Emergency Situations Ministry . Patients who were not transportable were being treated by medical teams that were sent to Perm with mobile hospitals . Russia was to observe a national day of mourning Monday , according to presidential decree . The four detained suspects were the co-owner , the executive director , and the art director of the nightclub , and a businessman who supplied and organized fireworks , said Vladimir Markin , a spokesman for the Investigative Committee of the Russian Prosecutor 's Office . Fireworks are suspected as the main cause of the blaze , but investigators are looking at other possibilities as well , including a possible short circuit , Zabbarova said . Toxic smoke killed most of the victims , she added . "  A lot of people were lying on the floor of the club , " according to one young female witness . "  Those of them who breathed were carried out and put in cars . The biggest problem was that each ambulance took only one person . They did n't take any more . We were yelling at doctors , forcing them to take more people at once . " On Sunday , people in search of missing loved ones were looking through page after page of victims ' names . Area residents placed flowers outside the burned club in memory of the victims , a scene that brought back memories of two other deadly club fires in Russia : one in Moscow in 2007 , the other in Omsk in 2008 . The tragedy shocked Russians , reeling after last week 's derailment of a luxury express train from Moscow to St. Petersburg . That incident -- which killed 26 people and injured more than 100 others -- has been called a terror attack , the most lethal terrorist act outside of Russia 's troubled North Caucasus region since 2004 . In a televised address from his country residence near Moscow , President Dmitry Medvedev demanded that those responsible for Friday 's fire receive the harshest possible punishment . He sent government officials to Perm to handle the aftermath of the fire , organize medical assistance to survivors and investigate . Prime Minister Vladimir Putin dispatched planes from Moscow equipped to carry people with extensive burns . CNN 's Max Tkachenko in Moscow contributed to this report	NEW : Four of the suspects to be under arrest for two months , court rules Sunday Death toll from fire rises to 112 as more people die from their injuries Russia observing day of mourning Monday , according to presidential decree Tragedy has shocked Russians , reeling after last week 's fatal train derailment
Santiago , Chile  CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton arrived Tuesday morning in Chile , bringing with her more than two dozen satellite phones and a pledge of U.S. commitment to the earthquake-damaged nation . "  The United States is ready to respond to the requests that the government of Chile has made so we can provide not only solidarity but specific supplies that are needed to help you recover from the earthquake , " Clinton said at a brief news conference with Chilean President Michelle Bachelet . "  The people of Chile are responding with resilience and strength , " Clinton said . The secretary of state said she brought with her 25 satellite phones , one of which she presented to Bachelet at the news conference . Eight water purification units are on their way to Chile , Clinton said , and the United States will provide a mobile field hospital unit with surgical capabilities . The United States will also work to provide autonomous dialysis machines , electricity generators , medical supplies and portable bridges , Clinton said . The secretary of state also said that Americans would be told how they can contribute to the recovery effort . In addition to meeting with Bachelet at the airport in Santiago , Clinton also met with President-elect Sebastian Piñera , who will be sworn in next week . "  I have been visiting sites of disaster for more than 30 years ... -LSB- and -RSB- it is very clear to me that Chile is much better prepared , much quicker to respond , more able to do so , " Clinton said at a news conference with the president-elect . She congratulated Piñera , a conservative billionaire businessman , on his inauguration . Piñera extended an invitation to President Obama to visit Chile . Bachelet leaves office with high approval ratings for having steered the country through the global economic downturn and promoted progressive social reforms . Clinton is in the midst of a six-nation tour of Latin America , planned before the earthquake . She attended Monday 's inauguration in Uruguay of President Jose Mujica , and then traveled to Buenos Aires , Argentina , to meet with President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner . Clinton next travels to Brazil , where she is expected to talk with President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva about his planned trip to Iran . The United States and other nations believe Iran has undertaken a program to build nuclear weapons , an assertion Iran denies . She will stop in Costa Rica for meetings with President Oscar Arias and President-elect Laura Chinchilla , who takes office in May . She also will attend Pathways for Prosperity , a meeting of hemispheric officials . The initiative includes such things as "  microcredit " loans and ways in which women can be empowered , a State Department spokesman has said . Clinton 's final stop will be Guatemala . She will meet with Guatemalan President Alvaro Colom and leaders of other Central American countries and the Dominican Republic before returning to Washington . The State Department has "  strongly " urged U.S. citizens to avoid tourism and non-essential travel to Chile after the massive earthquake .	Hillary Clinton brings satellite phones on visit to Chile , promises mobile field hospital U.S. secretary of state meets with Chilean officials three days after massive earthquake Clinton 's trip , planned before the quake , includes five other Latin American countries
CNN  An Amnesty International report is calling for authorities to address the number of attacks on women 's rights activists in Afghanistan . The report , entitled "  Their Lives on the Line , " examines the persecution of activists and other champions of women 's rights not only by the Taliban and tribal warlords , but also by government officials . Its publication is timely . The brutal murder of Farkhunda , a young woman in Afghanistan , whose body was burnt and callously chucked into a river in Kabul , shocked the world . Accused of burning pages from the Muslim holy book , the Quran , many protested the 27-year-old 's innocence . But what also made international headlines was the fact that for the first time in history , women in Afghanistan became pallbearers , hoisting the victim 's coffin on their shoulders draped with headscarves , under the gazes of men ; unreservedly sobbing and shouting messages of women 's solidarity as they marched along the streets . In a country ranked in 2011 by a Thomson Reuters Foundation poll as the most dangerous place in the world for women , this feminist act seemed perilous . Latest figures suggest they were risking their lives to be heard . In 2013 , the U.N. Assistance Mission in Afghanistan  UNAMA  released statistics that showed the number of women killed in the country had increased by 20 % from the previous year , although the number of civilian victims had decreased , said Amnesty in the report . The Special Representative of the U.N. Secretary-General in Afghanistan at the time , Jan Kubis , told the U.N. Security Council that "  the majority  of women killed  is linked to domestic violence , tradition , culture of the country . "  Women activists have been deliberately targeted . " And according to the human rights group , little support has come from those in power . "  The Afghan government has done very little to protect them , " Amnesty 's Afghanistan researcher , Horia Mosadiq , tells CNN . "  Perpetrators almost always walk free , and threats reported by women rights defenders are often simply ignored . "  Many women defenders we spoke to said that even when they received some protection from authorities , it was often significantly less than what male counterparts or colleagues were afforded . " During the attack on Farkhunda , "  many eyewitnesses have testified that police officers stood idly by while this woman was being lynched and killed , " says Mosadiq . Twenty-six people were arrested and thirteen police officials suspended in connection with the attack , but she argues that this is insufficient . "  Suspending police officers is not enough , those who failed in their duty must also be held to account -- anything less will just encourage further mob violence . " But what is striking is the resilience of the activists , who continue their work despite their lives being on the line . "  It was a remarkable moment , " says Mosadiq , recalling the female protesters at Farkhunda 's funeral . "  Unlike anything I have seen in my decades of campaigning for women 's rights in our country . " Selay Ghaffer , 32 , is a women 's rights activist and spokesperson for the Solidarity Party of Afghanistan -- a small but outspoken political party based in Kabul and twenty provinces that fights for issues such as democracy , social justice and women 's rights . The party was the first to be banned in the country for accusing Afghan leaders and commanders of war crimes and demanding that they be brought to justice . Taking part in Farkhunda 's funeral and protests against her death , she tells CNN that despite the onslaught of violence against Afghan women over the years , this was the worst case . But the opportunity was taken to deliver a clear message . "  So the women of Afghanistan showed that we will not keep silent anymore ... And we are not ready to accept more brutality and violence against women , " said Ghaffer . "  So this is why we decided to carry the dead body of Farkhunda on our own shoulders and show to the world that not only men can do it and somehow broke the traditionalism that  a  man has to do this job . " Surprisingly , she says that male onlookers supported their mission , although they are in the minority overall in the country . "  Men  at the funeral  , they said you have to do this , because this is how you can change the hatred in Afghanistan . "  Without men , it is not possible for women to get their rights , " she says . "  So these men and women were working together . But at the same time , women need to step forward for their rights . " Mosadiq says the fight for women 's rights was established a while ago . "  Women 's activism in Afghanistan is nothing new -- the women 's rights movement has grown substantially since 2001 , and has fought for and achieved some very significant gains . "  These gains are under threat now , however , and some are even rolled back . It 's essential that the government and its international partners do not allow this to happen . " Ghaffer herself has been subject to threats because of her work , received through emails and phone calls , at her home and office . But she says she knew what she was getting herself into . "  I knew it was n't an easy task . There might be many challenges and you have to lose your life when you are going and struggling for your rights . "  As a woman , I want to struggle more  for my rights  , I want to have more people around me , to struggle with me . " Mosadiq says it is too soon to talk about a revolution , although the response to Farkhunda 's killing , from both men and women , has been a "  silver lining . " Ghaffer , however , believes this is the beginning of an uprising -- but she says it needs to keep moving . Interestingly , it was a man in her life that motivated her to fight . "  I must say strongly that it was my father  who inspired me  , who is not any more with me , because he ... died three months ago , " she says . "  He always told me that women always suffered in this country , " she says , her voice overcome with emotion . "  And you have to struggle for your rights . Because in this traditional , patriarchal society , nobody will give these rights  to  you . " She realizes how lucky she is , she adds , in a society where she has witnessed men -- fathers and husbands -- oppressing women as opposed to being their role models . Ghaffer maintains that silence is an injustice to women , not least to the victim of the recent , horrific mob violence . "  So if I should not do it , if another sister is not doing it , then who will do it ? Who will get the rights for us ? We have to struggle for it . "  If we keep our silence , more Farkhundas will be killed in this country . "	An Amnesty International report calls for attacks on women 's rights activists in Afghanistan to be investigated The report examines the persecution of activists not only by the Taliban and tribal warlords , but also by government officials Some activists continue their work despite their lives being at risk
A report expected this week from the International Atomic Energy Agency  IAEA  has Israel abuzz with talk of the potential for a pre-emptive strike on Iran 's nuclear facilities . Western diplomats have told CNN that the report says Iran has mastered the critical steps necessary to design and build a nuclear weapon . Missiles are not , of course , the only way to launch an attack . Iran 's nuclear facilities are under siege from cyber attacks . And one , the Stuxnet virus , was able to penetrate Iran 's Natanz nuclear facility , researchers say . How did it work ? Stuxnet was stealthy . The Natanz computer network is a closed system , separated from any other network or internet access . So , Stuxnet infected a third party first , likely a trusted contractor to the Natanz facility . That contractor may then have unknowingly passed on the virus by plugging in an infected removable drive into the computers inside the Natanz facility . More importantly , Stuxnet was smart . It knew exactly what it was looking for : A specific software called Step 7 used specifically to run the Siemens controllers operating at Natanz . Stuxnet spread through the network undetected . If it did n't find the Step 7 software , it left things alone . But once it found its target , Stuxnet set to work . First , it effectively hijacked the Natanz control system , speeding up or slowing down the centrifuges , wearing them out prematurely . As the centrifuges destroyed themselves , Stuxnet sent back signals that everything was fine and running smoothly . So , the operators may not have known this was happening until it was too late . So , just how effective was Stuxnet ? According to the Institute for Science and International Security , IAEA records show that between the end of 2009 and early 2010 about 1,000 centrifuges at Natanz had to be replaced . Stuxnet is the suspected culprit . Still , that 's only about one out of every nine centrifuges and , despite a minor dip in production , uranium enrichment continued apace . Who created Stuxnet is still a mystery . Many computer security researchers believe the virus is so complex and sophisticated that it would have needed the resources of a nation state -- or a combination of states -- to produce it . Researchers at internet security firm Symantec say they have identified a new virus called Duqu that they believe is a successor to Stuxnet , although not all security experts agree . "  This is not a copycat , " insists Orla Cox of Symantec . "  Whoever created this had access to the same source code as Stuxnet . " Cox says Duqu is , at this stage , a malware designed simply to spy and collect information from Iran 's computer systems , but she suspects it may be ultimately intended for sabotage . "  It could be that Stuxnet did n't entirely achieve what was wanted the first time around , " Cox told CNN . Duqu was released as late as August 2010 , just after the Stuxnet virus had done its damage , stunning many researchers who had not expected to see another virus of the same complexity released so quickly . Ralph Langner , the German computer security specialist credited with discovering Stuxnet , says it does n't matter who created Duqu . The problem , he says , is that Stuxnet , in its bid to stop nuclear proliferation , may have sparked its own arms race . "  The first cyberwar weapon is comparable to the first nuclear weapon , " he wrote in a blog post recently . "  To build the first nuclear bomb , it took a genius like Oppenheimer and the resources of the Manhattan project . To copy the design , it requires just a bunch of engineers -- no genius needed .	Israel abuzz with talk of potential for pre-emptive strike on Iran 's nuclear facilities Western diplomats say IAEA report says Iran able to design and build nuclear weapon Iran 's nuclear facilities have also come under attack from cyber attacks One such attack by Stuxnet virus able to penetrate Iran 's Natanz nuclear facility
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Naomi Klein 's 2000 book "  No Logo " galvanized a generation to resist the lure of brands and corporatization . Bono , rock star and new style activist Direct action such as protests and guerilla tactics such as culture jamming and graffiti were encouraged . Back then the movement had teeth and energy , but very quickly it has not just deflated but sharply turned into a world of hyper consumption , according to Klein . Welcome to the Pro-Logo generation that is more likely to buy a wristband and ticket to Live Earth than hit the streets in protest . Speaking this week at the Cheltenham Literature Festival in the UK , to promote her new book "  The Shock Doctrine , " Klein attacked the "  Bono-ization " of the protest movement , referring to U2 frontman Bono who is also an active anti-poverty campaigner . "  The Bono-ization of protest particularly in the UK has reduced discussion to a much safer terrain . " Referring to the Make Poverty History Campaign at Gleneagles in 2005 she said , "  It was the stadium rock model of protest -- there 's celebrities and there 's spectators waving their bracelets . It 's less dangerous and less powerful  than grass roots street demonstrations .  " Speaking to CNN.com , Klein said the new style of anti-poverty campaigning , where celebrities talk directly with government and business leaders on behalf of a continent  such as Africa  is another form of "  noblesse oblige " where the rich and powerful club together to ` give something back . ' "  They are saying we do n't even need government anymore , it 's the replacement of nation states with corporate rule -- this Billionaires Club , including Bill Clinton that gets together to give a little something back . " "  What 's complicated about the space that Bono and Geldof  Bob Geldof , founder of Live Aid  are occupying is that it 's inside and outside at the same time -- there 's no difference . What 's significant about the Seattle movement  the WTO protests in 1999 and 2000  is that it 's less the tactics but the fact that it identifies that there are real power differences , winners and losers in this economic model . " Klein believes when celebrities such as Bono engage in talks with world leaders at forums such as Davos they are legitimizing the structures in place , and the inequalities that arise from these structures , rather than promoting any radical change ; "  The story of globalization is the story of inequality . What 's been lost in the Bono-ization is ability to change these power structures . There are still the winners and losers , people who are locked in to the power structures and those locked out . " Protests such as the Seattle anti-globalization protests , "  were really demanding a structural change . " But now but according to Klein , the rise in blogging and on-line protests has taken the heat out of direct action . "  It 's safer to mouth off in a blog than put your body on the line . The Internet is an amazing organizing tool but it also acts as a release , with the ability to rant and get instant catharsis . It 's taken that sense of urgency away . " Bono 's Red initiative is emblematic of this new Pro-Logo age . He announced a new branded product range at the World Economic Forum in Davos Switzerland last year called Product Red . American Express , Converse , Armani and Gap were initial partners , joined later by Apple and Motorola . The corporations sell Red branded products , with a percentage of profits going to Bono approved causes . In this Pro-Logo world there is an irony of consuming to end poverty . Perhaps an even bigger irony : through initiatives like the Red card , consumer culture and branding is buying a stake in anti-globalization and alleviating poverty movement . Klein says , "  What they 've tapped into is a market niche . There 's nothing that 's inherently wrong with these initiatives except when they make radical claims that it 's going to end poverty . There 's a long history of radical consumption -- what 's pretty unbelievable about this  the Red Label  is that they say it 's revolutionary and it 's going to replace other forms of politics . " Instead Klein advocates for a more confrontational and engaged form of activism , "  We have had mass social movements that are messy -- and that leads to some kind of negotiation and some kind of representation . What I see from the Bono camp is that they dismiss street protest as bunch as gripers whereas they  Bono  are being constructive because they engaging with power  but  if you look at the history of the labor movement its people outside trying to enforce change . " CNN spoke to a London-based activist Susie  who did not wish to give her real name  from the Climate Camp who said "  charity concerts are pathetic , just pathetic and a way to recorporate the issue . It changes nothing . It 's enjoyable but  from a political point of view  it 's a waste of time . It diverts attention away from taking action and protest . Nobody ever changes anything from attending a concert . " Klein agrees saying , "  I think people go to concerts because it 's fun but I do n't get a sense from anyone I talk to that it 's effective politically . " Long time human rights activist , Peter Tatchell says despite the huge numbers marching in the anti-Iraq war marches three years ago , "  There is a sense of political powerlessness plus there 's been a shift to the right . " He sees the Bono-ization effect in the way "  the protest movement has been incorporated -- the corporate agenda around consumerism and spending has just become another form of protest . " Yet he does see the value in having people working with power to effect change : "  The classic model of social change is that you need people on the inside talking to people in power and people on the outside shaking up the establishment -- a combination of the two getting results . The good cop , bad cop routine seems to have worked in the past . " E-mail to a friend	Protest movement shifts with rock star activists ' involvement Author Naomi Klein criticizes the Bono-ization of activism Celebrity charity concerts do not change the status quo , says Klein
CNN  -- Among the 35,000 runners lining up at this Sunday 's London Marathon , there 'll be the usual pre-race nerves , waves of excitement , and focus on the task ahead . This year , there will also be silence . Six days after Boston 's Marathon was rocked by the bombing which killed three people and injured more than 180 , the world will be turning its gaze to London 's premier race . It will be unlike any other race in its 32-year history , as thousands of competitors and spectators observe a 30-second silence ahead of the starting gun , in remembrance of Boston 's casualties . Haunting images of bloodied victims scrambling down smoldering streets , past upturned stands which just moments earlier had been filled with cheering family and friends , will no doubt loom large in the minds of Londoners this weekend . Expect to see an ocean of black solidarity ribbons pinned to the chests of runners , as they wind their way past the Capital 's most iconic landmarks such as Big Ben and Tower Bridge . In another act of solidarity , for every competitor who crosses the finishing line , race organizers plan to donate $ 3 to The One Fund Boston , set up to raise money for victims of the blasts . Photos : After the explosion -- moment by moment ` In it together ' "  Now there is a huge feeling of defiance , " three-time London winner Paula Radcliffe told CNN . "  How dare someone attack sport and humanity in this way -- we are not going to be cowed , " added the 39-year-old Radcliffe , who is the world marathon record holder . Watch : Bombing victim could n't hear after blast That defiance is shared by the thousands of competitors who run the London Marathon to raise money for myriad charities . "  It 's important to see on mass that we 're in it together , " said 36-year-old asset management worker , Ed Lucas , who will be running his first ever marathon on Sunday . "  It does make you reassess the race . But I think if anything , it will make people a lot more determined -- Brits are quite stubborn , they do n't like being told what to do . " Another runner Matthew Huntington , 36 , said his family -- including his two and five-year children -- would be coming to watch him . "  It never entered my mind to drop out and yes it made me even more determined to take part , " added technical marketing manager Huntington . "  If you 're completely risk averse you would never leave the house . " Stepped-up security Security will also be stepped-up at the event , which is the first international marathon to follow Boston . There will be an increase in searches and officers on the street , London 's Metropolitan Police Commissioner , Bernard Hogan-Howard , said . "  We 've no reason to think people are any less safe than they were before the terrible events in Boston , " he added . Olympic training Last year 's Olympic Games has also bolstered London 's credentials when it comes to hosting safe , international sporting events , Britain 's culture secretary , Maria Miller , said . "  You will know from London 2012 last year , this country has a great deal of experience of ensuring our sporting events go well and that security is at the heart of the planning process . The London Marathon is no different , " she told the Commons this week . Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg promised security would be "  double , triple , quadruple checked . " Show of support With tight security measures in place , the public has been urged to get behind the great British sporting event -- as much for the competitors on the day as a sign of solidarity with Boston . "  Obviously , in light of what happened in Boston , we 've had to have a look at security and we have a detailed and well-thought-out plan with the Metropolitan Police which we have year-in , year-out , " London Marathon chief executive , Nigel Bitel , said . "  It 's a great occasion , the London Marathon , and I know that people will want to come out and send a message of support to runners on the day . " Watch : Eyewitness images of blast No fear Similarly , reigning marathon champion , Wilson Kipsang , told competitors to try and put security issues out of their minds as they wind their way along the 42 kilometer route from Blackheath to Buckingham Palace , home of the Queen . "  When you are running and you are thinking something like that can happen , you ca n't concentrate , " the Kenyan told Athletics Weekly . "  We should have no fear during the race because security matters will be put in place and we will run feeling free . "	Six days after Boston Marathon bombings , thousands of runners will compete in London Special event marked by 30 second silence , black solidarity ribbons Stepped-up security with increased searches and police on streets Olympics 2012 good training ground for staging international sporting events
CNN  -- Debbie Benzine lost her first husband to heart disease when he was 44 . His death left her to raise a young child alone . For 16 years , she stayed single because , "  going through it once was enough for me . " When she met Dale Benzine , he weighed around 300 pounds but was in pretty good physical shape . Yet over time , she watched as the former football player started taking pills for his high cholesterol and high blood pressure , more for anxiety and gout , and insulin shots for his Type 2 diabetes . "  His girth got bigger , as did his neck , which caused sleep apnea , " she remembers . After the Atlanta couple got married , she found herself buying him bigger and bigger clothes . When her insurance company announced that bariatric surgery , or weight-loss surgery , would be covered under the couple 's plan , she told her husband about it . "  I knew he had to do something , but I was n't sure he was ready for something so drastic , " she says . He was . The doctor had flat-out told Benzine : "  Lose weight or die . " He was tired of taking so many medications and not having enough energy to simply live life . "  One day ... you find out that you 're 56 years old and if you want to see 66 you better do something about it , " he says . There are several types of bariatric surgery . With gastric bypass , a new stomach about the size of a golf ball is created by cutting across the top of the stomach and connecting the smaller pouch with the intestines . Another type involves placing an adjustable band around the upper portion of the stomach . The device can be tightened or loosened at subsequent doctor 's visits . It can help patients feel fuller faster and eat less . Unlike gastric bypass , adjustable gastric band procedures can be easily reversed . Benzine decided to do the gastric bypass surgery . Although doctors are n't sure why , studies have shown gastric bypass puts Type 2 diabetes into remission in most obese patients . Dale also did n't want to have the option of reversing the surgery . "  In the back of your mind you can always take the band off , " he says of the lap-band procedure . "  I did n't want to be able to go back . " Getting approved for the surgery was more difficult than he expected . Many people who have bariatric surgery gain the weight back , so insurance companies are often wary of paying for the procedure . Benzine saw his primary care physician , a nutritionist , a cardiologist , a pulmonologist , a gastroenterologist and a psychiatrist -- all of whom had to sign off . The psychiatrist told Benzine he rejected upward of half his patients because they were n't prepared to make the necessary life changes after the surgery . Benzine admitted that 10 years ago he would n't have been ready either . "  I 'm from Wisconsin , " he says . "  I enjoyed my beer , brats and cheese too much . " But kids and grandkids "  changes things . " He was ready . He eventually got the go-ahead . The day of his surgery , his wife recalls she was an emotional wreck . "  I tried to dissuade  him  from having it . What if they made a wrong cut ? What if he did n't wake up ? What if he had a heart attack on the table ? " The surgery was a success , but he was far from the ideal patient . Shortly after surgery he ate a popsicle too fast and starting throwing up . When he got home , he continued his trial-and-error period , getting sick as he learned his limits . "  Imagine after you eat your big Thanksgiving dinner -- times 10 , " he says of overeating with his smaller stomach . "  And you ca n't do anything about it . You 're just so miserable and it 's either got to come up or go out . " He started out on a liquid diet , then pureed his food . Slowly he introduced solids . "  We did n't go to happy hour or dinner with friends because he was uncomfortable , " Debbie Benzine says . "  I started hiding out to eat because I felt guilty . " It was like being a baby and learning to eat all over again , Benzine says . He realized that meat -- steak , chicken , turkey -- was too tough for his stomach to handle . But popcorn went down easily . He developed 10 rules for himself , and other bariatric patients , and the weight began to fall off . In six months , he had lost more than 125 pounds . The hardest thing for him was filling time . He had to learn to reward himself with activities instead of food . He now smokes a cigar instead of eating a bag of chips , or plans a big weekend getaway to celebrate a work success . He orders an appetizer instead of an entree when he goes out to play cards with friends during the week . His daily diet routinely consists of Greek yogurt , protein bars , soup , popcorn , cheese and crackers . He does n't eat large meals , just smaller portions whenever he 's hungry . In some ways , his wife has had to alter her lifestyle to fit his . It has n't been easy , the couple says , but it has been worth it . "  I 'm 57 going on 37 , " Benzine says with a laugh . "  No pun intended -- I 'm like a kid in a candy store . " He plans to attend his 40th high school reunion in June with pride : "  I know I 'll be one of the only people who can say they weigh less at that reunion than they did in high school . " More importantly , "  I will have my husband and best friend around for a long time , " his wife says . Follow Dale 's '10 Commandments ' of bariatric surgery 1  Set your goals early , both in pounds to lose and the date by which you want to achieve this loss . Keep a daily log or scorecard of your weight loss . 2  Trial and error of foods and liquids will be necessary , but painful . Blueberries were terrible for me , but butter-free popcorn worked . Go figure . Hint : Keep your anti-nausea pills close by -- you will definitely need them in the beginning . 3  Find a high-protein breakfast and lunch that you can live with each day .  Mine was Greek yogurt for breakfast and smoothies with strawberry , banana and chocolate protein .  Also , stay true to your vitamin regimen , especially vitamin B12 , vitamin D and calcium . 4  Concentrate on changing your daily eating habits from three large meals per day , plus snacks , to five to six small meals . 5  Stay hydrated ! It 's very important that you avoid getting dehydrated , so avoid intake of caffeine , carbonated sodas , beer and alcohol . 6  Move more while you are eating less . Start out walking 30 minutes , four to five days a week . Build up to walking farther and faster , and more often , while adding weight lifting two to three days per week . You will be amazed how fast the weight will start dropping once you get into this routine , plus your dog will love it even more than you ! 7  Start rewarding your new body with activities instead of food . Reward yourself by going to see a favorite performer if you hit a weight loss goal . Join a card club , start reading again , or make a movie date with your significant other each week . Replacing your "  going out to eat " time with activities will arguably be the best move you will make during this whole journey . 8  It 's OK to leave food on your plate ! Regardless of what your mother said growing up , children in Africa , India or China are n't going to be affected if you leave food on your plate when eating at home or away . People will ask why , but trust me , you wo n't be hurting their feelings if you just say you 're full . 9  Order an appetizer as your main meal when eating out . You will be amazed how full you will be after eating the smaller servings and your pocketbook will also thank you . 10  And last , but definitely not least , welcome and embrace your support network , be it a wife , friend , business colleague , etc. . You will have good days and a few bad ones and the unconditional love and support these people will show you will help you push through the bad and be there to help celebrate the good ! Have you lost weight ? Share your story on iReport	Dale Benzine loses more than 130 pounds after bariatric surgery Surgery puts his Type 2 diabetes into remission and lowers his BP , cholesterol "  I 'm 57 going on 37 , " Benzine says with a laugh
CNN  -- Could sewage be recycled to provide water that 's cleaner than what comes out of your tap ? The place to find out is the small yet highly urbanized city-state of Singapore . The South-east Asian island country has a population of 5 million residing on less than 750 square kilometers of land . Whilst known for its strong economy , Singapore is lacking one essential asset -- water . Water security has long been a national priority in Singapore as half of its current water supplies are imported from neighboring Malaysia . "  We are preparing for the day that should the water agreement expire , we should be ready to fulfill our own needs , " says Chew Men Leong , Chief Executive of the Public Utilities Board . The agreement with Malaysia is due to expire in 2061 , so the country has time to be ready . Singapore 's strategy for a hydrated nation is four-fold : as well as importation , it includes desalinization plants , efficient catchment of rainwater and recycling of sewage . Rainwater is collected through a network of drains , canals , rivers , storm water , collection ponds and reservoirs with the aim to catch water across two-thirds of the country . But the real hope lies in the membrane technology to treat wastewater known as ` NEWater ' , created by the country 's public utilities board . Through a four-step series of barriers and membranes , wastewater is made free of solids , microorganisms , and contaminants resulting in potable water supplies for use by humans and industry . After one decade , the technology meets 30 percent of Singapore 's water needs , with plans to triple volumes by 2060 . "  The level of quality we receive from the Public Utility Board meets and exceeds the expectation , " explains Jagadish CV , CEO of Systems on Silicon Manufacturing , where the water is used in their processing of silicon wafers . "  We are using the water three times before we let it into the drain , " he says . The demand by industry is being further met by a new collaboration with Japanese firm Meiden that will supply factories with recycled industrial water . One and a half Olympic-sized swimming pools of water are currently filtered and treated every day . The goal is to more cost-effectively treat industrial waste streams in the long run . Professor Asit Biswas from the Lee Kuan School of Public Policy feels other countries should follow the example set by Singapore and even the current standards can be improved to eventually re-use every last drop of water . "  There are two major future challenges , " he says . "  First is how to make the water system less energy intensive and the second one is consumer behavior with respect to water . " If these challenges can be overcome , this small country will continue to flourish , long into the future . Read more from Future Cities : Shared space , where the streets have no rules Invisible solar panels hidden in your windows ? They 're coming Brazil 's idea for future mobility ? The good old bus	Singapore currently imports 50 percent of its water from Malaysia . With 5 million people living in the country new options for water supplies are needed . NEWater technologies are transforming wastewater to qualities better than that in your tap . 30 percent of Singapore 's water supply is currently met by recycled water .
For Russian President Vladimir Putin , the G20 summit in Australia did n't prove to be a very amicable occasion . Putin has found himself on the receiving end of a series of sharp verbal jabs from some of his fellow world leaders . The reason ? Russia 's interference in Ukraine . One of the bluntest rebukes came from Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper . "  I guess I 'll shake your hand , " Harper told Putin on Saturday , according to aides of the Canadian leader . But he then quickly warned Putin , "  You need to get out of Ukraine . " U.S. President Barack Obama also voiced criticism of Moscow , saying in a speech that Russian aggression against Ukraine "  is a threat to the world . " Amid the strong words , the Russian government denied reports that Putin was going to leave the summit early . He departed on Sunday toward the end of the summit . He attended the final lunch , French news agency Agence France-Presse reported . Putin praised discussions as "  constructive , " AFP said . Criticism over Crimea , MH17 The pressure on Putin continued Sunday , with Obama and the leaders of Japan and Australia issuing a statement expressing opposition to "  Russia 's purported annexation of Crimea and its actions to destabilize eastern Ukraine . " Western countries and the Ukrainian government in Kiev accuse Moscow of sending troops and military equipment into eastern Ukraine to help pro-Russian separatists fighting against government forces . Russian officials have persistently denied their military is involved . The statement also called for the prosecution of those responsible for downing Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 over eastern Ukraine . The MH17 disaster , in which a passenger jet carrying 298 people was shot down over eastern Ukraine , is a particularly sensitive subject in Australia . The country lost 38 of its citizens and residents in the crash . Dutch say recovery of MH17 wreckage begins in eastern Ukraine Cool reception Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott had promised ahead of the G20 summit to confront Putin over the disaster and demand that Russia "  fully cooperate with the criminal investigation " to find out who shot down the plane . Putin 's standing in Australia was made clear by his reception when he arrived in the country Friday . The Russian leader stepped off his flight from Moscow to be greeted by Australia 's deputy defense secretary , a junior minister in Abbott 's cabinet . Standing nearby was a much bigger political personage , Australian Attorney-General George Brandis . But Brandis made no attempt to greet Putin . Not long afterward , however , Brandis was filmed enthusiastically welcoming German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Chinese President Xi Jinping . When Abbott and Putin met at the event , they shook hands , exchanged a few words and smiled . Abbott said Sunday that he has "  some differences " with the Russian government , but that he was happy to treat Putin "  with respect and courtesy " as a guest in Australia . ` Ice Cold War ' Meanwhile , the Saturday edition of a local newspaper , The Courier Mail , displayed a giant front page graphic of a Russian bear , complete with fur hat , matching up against a boxing kangaroo , above the headline "  Ice Cold War . " Inside , splashed across two pages , was quote after quote from Abbott , reportedly revealing details of his 20-minute conversation with Putin on the sidelines of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation  APEC  meeting in Beijing earlier in the week . Abbott said he told Putin that he should stop trying to "  recreate the lost glories of tsarism or the Soviet Union , " and he accused Russia of stepping up its aggression , which was part of a "  regrettable pattern . " Adding an extra edge to the atmosphere , Moscow deployed four naval warships near Australia in the lead-up to the G20 meetings , the semiofficial Russian news agency RIA Novosti reported . One of the ships , the Varyag , was once named "  Red Ukraine . " The news agency said it was not uncommon for Russian warships to accompany the country 's leaders on foreign trips . Warnings from West The Ukraine crisis has led to a broader souring of relations between Russia and the West . Tensions inched up between Moscow and Washington this week following Russia 's announcement Wednesday that it plans to send long-range bombers on flights to the Gulf of Mexico . The U.S. government says no present security concerns warrant such maneuvers . British Prime Minister David Cameron warned Russia on Friday to change course over Ukraine . Otherwise , he said , "  The relationship that Britain has with Russia , that the European Union has with Russia , the relationship that I hope Australia has with Russia , will be very different . " Putin and Cameron met face-to-face in Brisbane on Saturday , and the Ukraine crisis "  dominated the conversation , " according to a statement from the Kremlin . "  David Cameron expressed his views on the current state of affairs in the southeast of Ukraine , while Vladimir Putin provided extensive clarifications , " the Russian statement explained diplomatically . Putin met with several other Western leaders , including Merkel and French President Francois Hollande . Obama said at a news conference Sunday that his interactions with Putin had been "  businesslike and blunt . " If Putin continues down the same path on Ukraine , Russia will continue to be isolated , Obama said . "  It is not our preference to see Russia isolated the way it is , " he said . Putin blasts sanctions The United States and European countries have imposed economic sanctions on Russia over its involvement in Ukraine . Putin criticized those measures in comments Thursday to the Russian news agency TASS , saying they undermine "  the whole system of international economic relations . " "  They run counter to the very principle of G20 activities , and not only the activities of the G20 and its principles , they run counter to international law , because sanctions may be introduced only through the United Nations and its Security Council , " Putin said . The G20 's job is actually to focus on financial and economic matters . Ukraine is not officially on the agenda , but it has loomed large over the gathering , overshadowing Australia 's plans for the meetings . Abbott tried to get the tough talk with Putin out of the way earlier in the week at APEC , in an attempt to keep the G20 focused on economic growth , said Michael Kofman , a public policy scholar at the Woodrow Wilson Center . Australia "  did not want the summit ruined by the Russia issue , " Kofman told CNN . "  But quite the opposite happened . "	Obama says his dealings with the Russian President were "  businesslike and blunt " "  You need to get out of Ukraine , " Canadian Prime Minister tells Putin Australian PM says Putin treated with respect in Australia despite "  differences " UK Prime Minister Cameron told Putin the EU 's relations with Russia could change
CNN  After the Paris attacks by al Qaeda-aligned Islamic terrorists , much of the world -- even some Muslim world leaders -- seems united in the defense of free speech and freedom of religion . And at the Golden Globes recently , Hollywood declared its aversion to attacks on liberty , mocking North Korea 's Kim Jong Un for trying to shut down the movie "  The Interview " and announcing its united front with France against terrorism . "  Je suis Charlie , " said Jared Leto . "  Together we will stand united against anyone who would oppress free speech , " said Hollywood Foreign Press Association president Theo Kingma . George Clooney talked about the millions who marched for unity in Paris : "  They marched in support of the idea that we will not walk in fear . We wo n't do it . " The tech world , too , has pledged its support of life and liberty in the wake of the Sony hack and Paris attacks . Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg called for a rejection of "  extremists trying to silence the voices and opinions of everyone else around the world . " Google featured a black ribbon on its homepage and Apple put a banner with the words "  Je Suis Charlie " on its French website . This is all very fine and good , of course . The horrific slayings of French police officers , French cartoonists and four Jews at a grocery store should be the kind of shock to the system that brings even the most disparate of groups together , and maybe even jolts them out of the false sense of security that al Qaeda 's "  leadership ranks have been decimated " or that Islamic extremism can be thwarted by efforts at multiculturalism . Many are united in horror , but one only needs to look back at some recent examples of other horrifying atrocities to know that mere symbolism and solidarity -- what I call the weapons of "  soft outrage " -- will not be enough to stamp out terrorism in Europe or anywhere else . It 's been eight months since Boko Haram militants kidnapped more than 200 teenage girls in Chibok , Nigeria , and they are still missing , despite U.S. first lady Michelle Obama 's best efforts at soft outrage , joining a Twitter campaign to #BringBackOurGirls . Even though it went viral , and everyone from Hillary Clinton to British Prime Minister David Cameron chimed in , hashtag activism has n't proven very effective in the face of violent Islamic extremism . Last week reports that a shudder-inducing 2,000 people were killed in Nigeria once again shocked Western audiences , who then learned that most of the victims were reportedly children , women and the elderly . The BBC estimates that Boko Haram now controls 70 % of Nigeria 's Borno state . In another corner of Africa , Darfur remains a ghastly site of untold violence and genocide that has spanned 10 years , wiped out hundreds of thousands and displaced millions . Last October there was reportedly a mass rape in the village of Tabit , Sudan , as tribal fighting rages on . But this weekend the Golden Globes honored Clooney with a lifetime achievement award , for his work in film but also for raising awareness of Darfur 's plight . What has all that awareness accomplished ? Not much , as the Guardian recently learned . It asked people who have lived and worked in the region "  What happened to Darfur after George Clooney came to town ? " As one resident put it : "  Clooney might be doing something fantastic -- tracking the movements of Sudanese troops and militias -- but for me as a person living in Darfur , in touch with what is happening on daily basis , I do n't see that it has halted , or even reduced , the genocide . The killing , displacement , sexual assaults and rape never stopped . " While awareness and solidarity are n't unimportant , "  soft outrage " is useless in stopping terrorism and genocide . These things often require force , the kind of intervention that tends to make soft outragers uncomfortable . If Clooney , for example , truly cares about the people of Darfur  and I 'm certain that he does  , I would hope he accepts that "  awareness " alone will not end the genocide there -- only force will . Hashtag diplomacy is n't an actual solution to a terrifying , real problem . But military intervention to "  bring back our girls " or stop the horrific atrocities in Nigeria could well be . Europe must accept that unity marches and inclusion rhetoric wo n't protect freedom of speech or religion against extremists determined to attack them . France has recommitted to attacking ISIS in Iraq along with the U.S. , but will it join in strikes against ISIS in Syria , or al Qaeda terrorists in the Arabian Peninsula and elsewhere ? Silicon Valley must accept that Facebook posts and website banners wo n't prevent terrorists -- whether ISIS or actors like Kim Jong Un -- from attacking Western values and Western infrastructure . Will Facebook , Google and Apple support the necessary investments in our national defense that will help better protect our values and our companies ? Maybe you do n't believe that the United States should involve itself politically or militarily in these conflicts around the world . That 's a reasonable position , even if I disagree with it . But let 's not kid ourselves into thinking our soft outrage is either effective or noble . It 's lovely to see all these folks "  stand with France . " But standing is n't doing , and the hard truth is that symbolism is no match for the fanatics who want us exterminated . Are they ready to back up their rhetoric with action ?	S.E. Cupp : At Golden Globes and beyond , Hollywood denounces terrorism , genocide She says Michelle Obama , Hillary Clinton think hashtag activism helps , but it does nothing Cupp : Left-leaners should skip "  soft outrage " -- force is more likely to work
CNN  -- Ronnie Barnhardt  Seth Rogen  has a dream . It is , he likes to think , an American dream . Seth Rogen goes on patrol as a mall cop in "  Observe and Report . " Only Ronnie 's dream involves looming clouds of cancer , screaming children and loaded shotguns . In his dream he vanquishes evil , disperses the dark clouds and accepts the gratitude that is rightly bestowed on the lawman . He believes his destiny is to be a cop . In reality , he 's chief security officer at the mall . I know : You already saw this movie : "  Paul Blart : Mall Cop . " Kevin James . Box-office smash . No jokes to speak of . You 're only half wrong . There are strong similarities between "  Blart " and Rogen 's film , "  Observe and Report . " Both movies are portraits of chubby guys who do n't fit the profile and ca n't make the grade . Both men are socially inept , they live with their moms and hold a crush on a sales assistant who should be out of their league  here , the fearlessly nasty Anna Faris  . They 're also delusional enough to equate a badge and a uniform with their own heroic self-image , though in their heart of hearts they know they wo n't be real men until they 're packing a gun . "  Observe and Report " is the R-rated version of this peculiar suburban fantasy , a much edgier movie that dares to keep its mall cop at arm 's length . Just because he 's sad and pathetic , that does n't mean Ronnie is n't a potential psychopath . He 's closer to Travis Bickle than to cuddly Kevin James . This may be the first time Rogen has stepped out of his comfort zone as an actor . With his hair cropped to a Marine buzz , and cutting out the winks and the wisecracks  Ronnie has no sense of humor  , Rogen refuses to soften us up or apologize for the character 's low IQ . The movie is funnier for his control , and also more disturbing . More than once , writer-director Jody Hill teases out the slippy , gray area between a subversive gross-out gag and something unsettlingly misogynist . He wants to push buttons , and he 's talented enough to get away with it . At one point he sets up a scene in which Ronnie learns he 's flunked his psych test for the police force . While he 's still processing this latest rejection , a detective emerges from his hiding place in the closet . "  I thought this was going to be funny , " he explains sheepishly . "  But it 's just sad . " Played that way , the scene is both . Plainly influenced by the observational embarrassments of TV 's "  The Office , " Hill took an equally jaundiced view of the male animal in his first film , "  The Foot Fist Way , " a low-budget black comedy with Danny McBride as a gung-ho martial arts instructor .  McBride pops up here as a violent crack dealer . Machismo is about the only source of pride Hill 's anti-heroes can afford . The budget for "  Observe and Report " is probably 20 times what Hill had to spend on his debut , but his characters have stayed on the lower rungs of the socioeconomic ladder ; they may fancy themselves above it all , but they know where the bottom is . So it makes a kind of sense that when a flasher starts terrorizing the mall , Ronnie should seize on this as his opportunity to shine . "  That pervert is the best thing that ever happened to me , " he says . The flasher 's eventual full-frontal appearance supplies the movie with a suitably in-your-face climax , as well as extending contemporary film comedy 's undeclared mission to domesticate the male organ . Ever since "  Borat " -- in "  Knocked Up " and "  Forgetting Sarah Marshall " and "  Superbad " -- it seems like there 's nothing funnier than a penis on the loose . iReport.com : What do you think of "  Observe and Report " ? But it 's the naked anger Rogen and Hill reveal that makes "  Observe and Report " a sticky proposition . It 's consistently sharper and wittier than "  Mall Cop , " but Hill 's disconcerting habit of making his biggest laughs stick in your throat could prove a hard sell . It 's no "  Paul Blart , " but is it art ? "  Observe and Report " is rated R and runs 86 minutes . For Entertainment Weekly 's review , click here .	"  Observe and Report " is another movie about a mall cop , but oh , does it cut deeply Seth Rogen stars as a frustrated mall officer wanting bigger things The movie is funny -- and occasionally disturbing
CNN  -- The first passenger plane equipped with a system to repel shoulder-fired missiles successfully completed its flight , a British defense and aerospace company announced Wednesday . The system aims to protect against fire from missile launchers like these , which were used to fire at an Israeli plane . The JetEye infrared missile-defense system was tested on an American Airlines flight that took off July 11 , according to a statement from BAE Systems . The plane flew from New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport to Los Angeles International Airport in California , the company said . The JetEye system works by detecting the heat-seeking missiles and then firing a laser , which diverts the missile . American Airlines refused to make the system mandatory on all trips but agreed to cooperate with the tests . The flight represents the final phase of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security 's Counter-Man-Portable Air Defense System program , designed to test the suitability of missile-protection equipment for commercial aircraft . Previously , the technology was successfully evaluated on an American Airlines test aircraft and an ABX Air Inc. cargo aircraft . The missile-protection equipment will be installed on two more American Airlines 767-200 aircraft for daily cross-country flights through March . Engineers will evaluate the system 's maintainability and reliability , as well as its suitability for the airline industry . No missiles will be fired at these flights . "  BAE Systems worked closely with DHS and the airline industry to develop an effective response to potential terrorist threats , " said Burt Keirstead , JetEye program director for BAE Systems in Nashua , New Hampshire . Homeland Security officials said in January that there is no specific threat of these weapons being fired at planes . However , Taliban forces successfully used shoulder-fired missiles against Soviet helicopters in Afghanistan . Terrorists tried in 2002 to shoot down an Israeli passenger jet in Kenya with them . Insurgents hit a cargo plane in Baghdad the following year , but the plane landed safely . Experts say that about 500,000 to 700,000 shoulder-fired missile weapons have been produced worldwide , and some have been purchased in Middle Eastern and Central Asian arms markets for as little as $ 5,000 . Since 2003 , Congress has pressured Homeland Security to adapt military anti-MANPADS technology to commercial aviation . BAE Systems , based in Farnborough , England , works with American Airlines Maintenance and Engineering Services , which provided the test aircraft and engineering services for the development of JetEye . DHS awarded BAE Systems a $ 29 million contract in January for this final evaluation phase of the program , which calls for the planes to log about 7,000 flight hours . Northrop Grumman , a defense company with its own system to protect planes from portable missiles , urged the Defense Department in March to install its system on commercial flights that take soldiers and equipment to war zones . Jack Pledger , a Northrop Grumman executive , said in March that 27 terrorist groups are believed to possess shoulder-fired weapons , that aircraft are vulnerable to the missiles within 25 miles of airports and that one missile incident could have catastrophic effects on the U.S. economy . In March , the Northrop system concluded a 14-month test during which anti-missile systems were installed on 11 FedEx cargo planes that flew 4,500 flights .	System detects heat-seeking missiles , then emits a laser to divert the missile American Airlines flight becomes first passenger plane to test out "  JetEye " system JetEye will be installed on at least two more American Airlines flights Goal is to have an effective response to terrorist threats
CNN  -- Elation over the first German victory in Australia 's Melbourne Cup has been dampened by the death of two horses at the event . The race favorite -- Japanese-trained Admire Rakti -- collapsed and died in his stall , minutes after crossing the post in last place . Later Araldo was reportedly put down after being spooked by a boy with a flag on his way back to the stalls causing the seventh-placed horse to suffer a serious leg injury . Stallion Admire Ratkti had struggled in the race despite being widely tipped to win after an impressive win in the Caulfield Cup in October . "  The exact cause of death is yet to be determined , although the circumstances of the horse 's passing are very rare , " said Dr. Brian Stewart , the head of veterinary and equine welfare at Racing Victoria , referring to Admire Ratki . He said a postmortem would be conducted . "  Our sympathies are extended at this time to the owner Mr Kondo , trainer Mr Umeda and his staff who cared deeply for their horse and are naturally saddened by their tragic loss . " First past the post in prestigious Melbourne Cup was Protectionist , a five-year old trained by Andreas Wohler , and ridden by English jockey Ryan Moore . "  He has won very easily and that is a very good horse , " Moore said . An ecstatic Wohler said : "  It 's unbelievable . We 'll probably later think about it and it 's a moment you wo n't forget in your life . " The five-year old -- one of the most inexperienced in the field -- won by four lengths , ahead of Britain 's Red Cadeaux , which placed second for a third time out of four starts . New Zealand 's Who Shot Thebarman came third . Second horse injured After being spooked Araldo reared up and kicked a fence , badly injuring his right hind leg . The stallion was examined on site before being taken by ambulance to the University of Melbourne Veterinary Hospital . There , vets determined his injuries were too severe , and he was euthanized . Last year , Verema was euthanized after snapping her cannon bone and dropping out of the race at the halfway mark . The Coalition for the Protection of Racehorses  CPR  asked on its Facebook page whether the "  party was really worth it ? " "  A recent study by CPR found that 125 horses died on Australian racetracks over a 12 month period , " added the horse protection organization . "  Thousands more are also sent to the knackery when no longer profitable . "  Today added two more casualties to those statistics . " Just three weeks ago , Admire Rakti -- trained by Tomoyuko Umeda -- took first place in the Caulfield Cup , putting the seven-year-old in prime position to take out the Melbourne Cup . Just hours before the race , commentators speculated on whether he could take the rare double . Ridden by Zac Purton , Admire Rakti started out strongly but showed signs of discomfort with several hundred meters to go . "  It 's very sad . He gave me a great thrill at Caulfield and for this to happen to him is just not fair , " Purton said . "  I did n't think they 'd beat me . I thought he 'd win today and the whole way through the first half of the race I thought that too . " The Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals  RSPCA  released a statement saying it expects a full investigation to be conducted into both incidents . "  Events like these are a stark reminder to the community of the real risks to horses associated with racing , " the statement said . "  Sadly , injury and death are the price some horses pay for our entertainment in a sport that puts intense pressure on animals to perform to the limits of their endurance . " The Melbourne Cup is the biggest event on the country 's racing calendar . There 's a public holiday every year in Victoria , the southern state where the race is run . Elsewhere around the country , work stops and many schools pause to watch the race live on television .	Race favorite , Japan 's Admire Rakti dies immediately after race German-trained Protectionist takes cup by four lengths Seventh-placed Araldo later euthanized 100,000 people watched from the trackside at Flemington Racecourse
CNN  -- Robert Enke , the goalkeeper for the German national football team who killed himself on Tuesday , was suffering from depression , his widow has revealed . Valentin Markser , a doctor who treated Enke , said the goalkeeper first sought treatment in 2003 , when he lost his starting place at Barcelona and developed anxieties and fear of failure . The couple 's biological daughter died three years ago from a heart problem when she was aged just two . Dr. Charles L. Raison , Clinical Director of the Mind-Body Program at Emory University School of Medicine , in Atlanta , answers some key questions about some of the issues associated with depression . What are the signs or symptoms that someone is suffering from this illness ? The classic symptom of depression is feeling emotionally down or blue , but when humans start feeling this way a whole bunch of other symptoms usually tag along . When people feel emotionally depressed they tend to lose interest in the world around them and their ability to experience pleasure withers . They often become very hopeless and feel overwhelmed by responsibilities that would normally be no problem for them . They have trouble thinking and concentrating , and when depression is severe they can feel like they are losing their minds . Depressed people often feel very badly about themselves . They can be haunted by guilt and consumed by negative thoughts that run over and over again like a bad movie . This level of psychic misery begins to make death seem like a form of relief , so it is not surprising that most depressed people spend at least some of their time thinking about suicide . Depressed people almost always have changes in their sleep and appetite . In addition , people with depression typically experience tremendous fatigue and are often plagued by aches and pains in their bodies for which no bodily cause can be found . What causes depression ? Depression is caused by an interaction between genes and environment . Some people carry genes that make them so prone to depression that almost any degree of hardship will bump them into depression . At the other extreme there are environments that are so terrible that all but the most resistant people will develop depression . Psychological stress and medical illness are the two royal roads to depression . Almost all episodes of depression are set off by one or the other of these factors , although the more often a person is depressed the less adversity is needed to set off a new episode . That is one type of answer to the question of what causes depression . Scientists are discovering a different kind of answer which has to do with the types of abnormalities in the brain and body that are characteristic of people with depression . We might say that depression is caused by hyperactivity of body-brain danger pathways and not enough activity in brain areas that help us get a grip on our emotions . In this way depression is very much a physical illness . What can be done to treat it ? The short answer is "  many things " . In general , treatments boil down to either pharmacological or behavioral . In the pharmacological category are numerous antidepressants and other psychotropic drugs , such as lithium and atypical antipsychotics . In the behavioral realm are a number of psychotherapeutic techniques , ranging from psychoanalysis to behavioral therapy . Overall , medications and therapy appear about equal in efficacy . Recent data suggest that therapy might have a longer-lasting protective effect than medications once treatment has stopped . In addition to medications and therapy , recent studies suggest that vigorous exercise is also an effective treatment for depression . Have attitudes within the medical profession changed ? No one in medicine -- in my experience -- questions either the reality or validity of major depression . In fact , far from disputing the importance of depression , what I usually find is a huge hunger on the part of the medical profession to learn more so they can better help their patients . The World Health Organization now places depression as the fourth most disabling medical condition worldwide and estimates it will rise to number two by 2020 . The days when doctors looked askance at depression as a clinical entity are long gone .	Dr. Charles Raison tells CNN about the symptoms and causes of depression Some people carry genes that make them more prone to depression When people feel emotionally depressed they tend to lose interest in the world around them
CNN  -- Not everyone gets a second chance . Billy Smith and Christopher Scott know that all too well . They appreciate it all the more because they have been given such a chance . Smith and Scott are among the men whose stories are featured in the new book "  Tested : How Twelve Wrongly Imprisoned Men Held Onto Hope , " which is due for release October 12 . The subjects served anywhere from 18 months to 26 years behind bars for crimes they did not commit . Ultimately they were freed -- many of them thanks to DNA evidence . The book is the team effort of a mother and daughter , Dorothy and Peyton Budd . Dorothy Budd is a former child sex crimes prosecutor for the Dallas County District Attorney 's Office in Texas . But it was ultimately her role as a deacon in an Episcopal church that led her to this project , she said . "  The role of a deacon is to give voice to the needs of the poor and the oppressed , " said Budd . "  Prisoners -- people whose voices might otherwise not be heard . When I heard a woman at a Bible study talking about how she thought these men in Dallas who had been exonerated were a powerful voice for justice in the world , I wanted to meet them . " Although Budd had no writing background , her daughter Peyton Budd did , having been selected for the University of Virginia 's Young Writers Workshop . With her help , they began interviewing the 12 men who would go on to be featured in "  Tested . " Although these men all shared something in common , it turned out each had his own way of coping . "  For some of them it was the unconditional love of a family member or girlfriend , " said Peyton Budd . "  For some it was the power of music or faith in God . " It took Billy Smith time to get to that point , though . Smith was arrested in 1986 at age 35 and charged with aggravated sexual assault . The girlfriend of the building manager of Smith 's Dallas , Texas-area apartment had accused Smith of robbing and raping her . A search of Smith 's belongings revealed no clothing matching the description given by the victim . There was no physical evidence tying him to the crime . Both Smith and his sister testified he was home when it occurred . Still , the eyewitness identification led him to be convicted and sentenced to life in prison . "  There was a time when I fell into deep depression and despair , " says Smith , 58 , about his nearly 20 years behind bars . "  I became so despondent I considered suicide , even though I know I did n't do the crime . " Throughout much of his term , Smith admits to giving way to anger and bitterness . However , he eventually came to an important realization . "  I was tired of being angry , and I knew if I stayed angry I would have nothing to look forward to or hold onto , " said Smith . If you hold on to anger , you ca n't see what 's up ahead . " Before Smith actually achieved his freedom , he found spiritual peace through faith . Smith entered prison a practicing Christian , but converted to Islam while serving time . "  I found the discipline that I was looking for , " Smith said . Through having discipline I was able to find serenity . " Smith was eventually given access to DNA testing proving he did not rape the victim . He was released in July 2006 and officially exonerated December 13 of that year . Unlike Smith , Christopher Scott did not have the benefit of science in maintaining his freedom , and DNA evidence played no role in his name being cleared . He was convicted of capital murder in 1997 and sentenced to life in prison . Scott spent the next 12 years of his life behind bars before being exonerated in 2009 after another man confessed to the crime . Scott insists that like Smith , he refuses to give in to anger when looking back on his experience . "  In the growing process , we ca n't be angry about it , " said Scott , 39 . "  We have to keep on moving . I was the one out of a million chance that came through . I kept my sanity and fought hard for my freedom . Now I 'm free , doing things I thought I 'd never do . " "  Tested " also addresses what life after incarceration has been like for these 12 men . Some emerged from behind prison walls to find themselves like Rip Van Winkle -- in a world they did not recognize . "  I did n't know anything about cell phones , " said Smith . "  When I saw people talking on them with headsets I thought they were talking to themselves . " Smith admits he was traumatized when he got of prison and had to learn how to live life as a free man once more . While happy about his freedom , he was scared and confused as well . Dallas had changed a great deal in nearly 20 years , and most of his friends were either dead , in prison or had moved away . Once again , he pondered suicide . Normal , mundane situations for most people became a challenge for Smith . "  I would ride the bus , and I would be afraid to have a woman accidentally brush up against me , because I know how easy it is to be caught up in a lie , " Smith said . While faith had saved Smith while in prison , love saved him in freedom . "  I 've got a good life now , " said Smith . "  I met a woman and married her . I 'm starting to come alive , and I 'm having the kind of life I think was meant for me all along . " Dorothy Budd says her book is n't meant to be an indictment of the U.S. justice system . To the contrary , she calls it a "  great " system . However , she adds "  Tested " sends a message that mistakes can be made , even in a great system . "  It 's easy to say all criminals say they are innocent so they all must be lying , " Dorothy Budd said . "  These 12 men prove there are people in prison who really are innocent . It begs us as a society to take responsibility for that and look again . " It 's a thought echoed by Smith . "  If someone is in prison and they say they are innocent ... believe them , " Smith said . "  Give them the benefit of the doubt . Hear what they have to say and work with the evidence that they have , because someone is telling the truth . " Scott said he believes the path to vindication lies in more than just outside help . "  Life is full of doubters , but you have to make those doubters believe you were innocent , " Scott said . "  Doing that is just being yourself and fighting for what you believe in " " While "  Tested " is designed to highlight the stories of the exonerated men , Peyton Budd insists its message is something all readers can take to heart and learn from . "  It can help anyone through dark times in their lives , Peyton Budd says . "  Their stories give you tools on how to deal with issues of despair and really get to a place of hope and forgiveness . " CNNRadio 's Ninette Sosa contributed to this report .	Book chronicles how the wrongly imprisoned men coped Billy Smith : "  When you hold on to anger , you ca n't see what 's up ahead " Christopher Scott spent 12 years behind bars before another man confessed Author says book sends message that mistakes can happen in a great system
CNN  -- How do you get someone to buy a ticket for a cancer show ? Pretend it 's a comedy of course . Hey , it worked with "  The Bucket List ! " Anyhow that seems to be the marketing strategy for "  50/50 , " a sympathetic and yes , sometimes , humorous drama about a young man diagnosed with a rare form of the disease that 's nowhere near as crass as the trailer would have you believe . Of course the combination of crass and Seth Rogen is a proven winner , so you ca n't blame them for trying . He plays the crude , beer-swilling , girlfriend-hating best buddy supporting role , but even this off-the-peg character has more going for him than usual . He may be boorish , especially around women , but Kyle genuinely wants what 's best for Adam  Joseph Gordon-Levitt  . Learning that his pal 's chances of coming through this are 50/50 , he immediately takes heart : "  If you were a casino game you 'd have the best odds . " A more resourceful actor than he used to be , Rogen shows us someone who is actively trying to grow up even if he 's not too sure what that might entail . It 's a delicate portrait of a clumsy man . As you would expect , most of the dramatic heavy lifting falls on Gordon-Levitt , and he responds smartly by underplaying , muting his responses , looking for stillness and calm -- or what his trainee therapist  Anna Kendrick  recognizes as numb denial . When that composure does break , Gordon-Levitt hits you hard with Adam 's anger and fear . Admittedly the movie does n't have the stomach for the gaunt physical enfeeblement you see in most serious cancer cases -- and occasionally in rare , brave films like "  One True Thing . " Adam shaves his head and admits to some weariness , but that 's about as far down that depressing road director Jonathan Levine wants to take us . Few audiences will complain . It 's a movie , not a documentary . Based on an autobiographical screenplay by Will Reiser  a friend of Seth Rogen who apparently went through the same diagnosis  , "  50/50 " generally avoids the terminal whimsy that swamps Gus Van Sant 's current arty atrocity , "  Restless " in favor of practical real-life concerns like getting to and from the hospital , eating and allowing your loved ones their share of the suffering  Anjelica Huston more or less steals the movie with a knockout turn as a difficult and overbearing but still caring mom  . On this evidence , hanging out for chemo with the guys is almost like poker night -- until one player cashes in his chips for good . But the mordant camaraderie Adam strikes up with his much older fellow patients  Philip Baker Hall and Matt Frewer  rings true , actually . Anna Kendrick  from "  Up in the Air "  works hard to make her novice psychologist believable -- a tall order in the circumstances but she carries it off well enough -- while Bryce Dallas Howard bravely follows "  The Help " with another chilly narcissist , Adam 's girlfriend Rachel . The plotting is n't exactly unpredictable , but when it comes to juggling comedy and pathos , "  50/50 " gets the balance just about right . It 's no cure for cancer , but when we 're dealing with such a painful topic it sure does n't hurt to laugh -- or cry -- and know you 're in good company .	Seth Rogen shows us someone who is actively trying to grow up Joseph Gordon-Levitt hits you hard with Adam 's anger and fear "  50/50 " generally avoids the terminal whimsy that swamps "  Restless "
CNN  -- In a long line at an airport security checkpoint , the man in front of me wearily reached into his travel cases and began to unload his electronic gear into the gray plastic bin . He had his laptop computer , two cellphones , a Kindle reading device and some sort of digital music player , each with its own power cord . He probably did n't need to throw the cords and chargers into the bin with the other devices , but he did anyway . So , with all the devices and cords piled on top of each other , the bin moved along the conveyor belt . The TSA agent standing watch asked the business traveler to put some of the gear in separate bins . He complied . I said to him : "  Did you ever see ` Goldfinger ' ? " "  The old James Bond movie ? " he said . "  Sure . " "  You know that scene where Q , the equipment master , outfits Bond for his upcoming secret agent assignment ? " "  Yes , " the guy said . "  Why ? " "  Who do you think carried more electronic equipment ? " I said . "  You , or Bond ? " He laughed , and then set off to retrieve his digital arsenal . I thought about him last week , when millions of Gmail users found out that , without notice , they were temporarily cut off from Google 's e-mail service . Perhaps you were one of them -- one of the millions who , for part of last Tuesday  the outage was said to be for more than an hour  , were unable to send or receive letters on your Gmail account . And if you were among them , did you find yourself becoming annoyed , irritated -- maybe , against your better judgment , a little panicked -- or was there a part of you that felt oddly , secretly relieved ? Did it feel like a snow day -- like getting an unexpected vacation from constant digital dutifulness ? Google at first said the glitch affected "  less than 2 percent " of the users of the service ; later the company revised that estimate : "  We 've determined that this issue affected less than 10 % of the Google Mail users who attempted to access their accounts during the affected timeframe . " Ten percent would seem to be a relatively small portion of users . But it has been reported that Gmail -- which is provided at no cost to those who use it -- is utilized by some 350 million people worldwide . So if 10 percent of them could not send or receive e-mails , that , potentially , could be as many as 35 million people . It 's at times like these that we can stop and think about how accustomed we have become to assuming we can always be reached on every one of the multiple digital pathways we choose to use . That assumption has become , if not exactly a birthright , an acquired right . And when we are reminded that we really do n't know very much at all about how all of this works , and that we can be cut off from it for reasons just as enigmatic and unexplained as are the electronic mysteries that bring it to us in the first place ... . Well , once the Gmail service was up and running again last week , this is what the cartoonist Brian McFadden sent out in a Twitter message to his friends and followers : "  In hindsight , gnawing off my foot while Gmail was down might 've been an overreaction . " What I often think about when stories like the Gmail outage or cellphone disruptions pop briefly into the news is the World War II guys who , for four years and more , never once heard the voices of the people they loved : their wives , their parents , their children . Four years away from their homes in the United States with only the most sporadic of overseas mail delivery , no phone calls at all , having to accept on faith that the people who meant the most to them were doing all right . Yet somehow , in the long silence , they made it . Most of them . There 's no reason at all to mourn for the pre-digital days ; they were isolating and could be awfully lonely , and the long silence is never coming back . But today , whenever there is an unanticipated short silence -- cell service goes temporarily dead , e-mail or text messaging or social networks cease to function because of an electronic burp somewhere -- it gives us the occasion to reflect upon how quickly we have gotten used to the new way , with our messages coming in and going out continually and seamlessly , day and night . Providing us the promise of never -- allegedly -- having to feel alone . Maybe , if you were one of the people who discovered that , however briefly , your Gmail could not come in or go out , you took the opportunity to discreetly celebrate a little bit . There was a "  Do Not Disturb " sign posted on at least one door of your life , and no one could blame you for not being available . A little silence , digital or otherwise , can at times feel like a treat . Meanwhile , somewhere out there , the tired James Bond business traveler , and all his traveling brothers and sisters , are dumping their electronic sending-and-receiving stations into yet another security-line bin . Silence -- even when it 's welcome -- is ultimately a fickle and fleeting illusion . Join us at Facebook/CNNOpinion The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene says when Gmail briefly went down for millions last week it was like a snow day He says at such moments we realize we rely on the service , know little about how it all works He says he 's reminded of WWII soldiers who could n't communicate with loved ones for years Greene : A little silence , digital or otherwise , can at times feel like a treat .
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie -- a potential 2016 Republican presidential candidate -- finally broke his silence on President Barack Obama 's decision to normalize relations with Cuba in a letter to the President issued on Sunday . Christie urged Obama to demand Cuba hand over Joanne Chesimard , an American fugitive who escaped from prison after she was convicted of killing a New Jersey state trooper . Christie also joined the chorus of Republicans who oppose Obama 's decision to re-establish ties with Cuba without substantial political reforms . Chesimard , now known as Assata Shakur , was a member of the militant group the Black Liberation Army and gained political asylum in Cuba , where she lives freely . Chesimard is on the FBI 's most wanted terrorist list , with a $ 1 million reward for information leading to her capture . Who is Assata Shakur ? "  Despite my profound disagreement with this decision , I believe there is an opportunity for Cuba and its government to show the American people it is serious about change , " Christie wrote to Obama , according to a copy of the letter Christie 's office provided . "  If , as you assert , Cuba is serious about embracing democratic principles then this action would be an essential first step . " Christie added that he was "  very disappointed " that Chesimard 's return was not already one of the conditions of normalizing relations in Obama 's deal with Cuban President Raul Castro . "  The family of her victims , like so many of those who have , and continue to suffer under the Castro regime , deserve this basic decency before further steps toward Cuba are taken by this government , " Christie wrote . Senate Republicans , including Lindsey Graham and Marco Rubio , have already vowed to do everything they can to prevent or blunt the impact of Obama 's efforts to normalize relations with Cuba . The pair -- members of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee -- pledged to tie up funds for a planned embassy and to prevent Obama 's nominee for ambassador to win confirmation .	New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie said on Sunday he does not support the President 's decision to normalize relations with Cuba Christie did send a letter to Obama asking he press Cuba to hand over a wanted fugitive , however
The convicted mastermind of the 1993 World Trade Center bombing wants nearly two decades of communication restrictions lifted , arguing he 's no longer a threat to national security , his lawyer said Sunday . Ramzi Yousef has been locked away in solitary confinement at the federal "  Supermax " prison in Florence , Colorado , since 1998 . A 15-page list of rules sets limits on his contact with relatives , lawyers and other inmates . He can read books and watch television , but newspapers and magazines are censored to keep him from receiving messages planted in classified ads or letters to the editor . Now 44 , Yousef "  no longer should be considered a national security threat , " his lawyer , Bernard Kleinman , told CNN . "  If the government feels that he is , they should provide some reasonable basis that they can corroborate as to why he is a continuing national security threat . " U.S. District Judge Kevin Duffy , who sentenced Yousef to life plus 20 years , called him "  a virus that must be locked away . " He was arrested in 1996 in a plot to bomb U.S. airliners in Asia , and he 's the nephew of Khalid Shaikh Mohammed -- the accused mastermind of the 2001 attacks on New York and Washington that killed nearly 3,000 people and brought down the World Trade Center . He went to court in 2011 to ask that the Justice Department 's "  special administrative measures " that restrict his contact be lifted . Kleinman said that other than the al Qaeda defendants facing trial at the U.S. prison camp at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , "  there 's nobody who 's treated as a greater national security threat in the federal prison system than Yousef . " The Justice Department , which has kept those restrictions on Yousef since 1997 , argues that Yousef is trying to find a back-door route out of solitary . Kleinman said getting out of solitary could be "  the effective end result " of Yousef 's case , but it 's not the immediate goal . "  The goal is to find out why he is subject to these special conditions , " he said . In a 2011 ruling , Duffy wrote that while Yousef was awaiting trial , he had been trying to collect urea -- a component of urine -- and a type of watch that had been used in a detonator in the airline bomb plot . But Kleinman said that while his client was a smart man , "  That does n't mean that he could turn lead into gold . " "  The federal government has viewed for years that he has this almost mystical ability to fabricate weapons or bombs almost out of thin air , " Kleinman said . "  There 's never been any evidence of that whatsoever . " Duffy , who had sentenced Yousef to prison , referred the case to a judge in Colorado , where it 's now pending . In January , the Justice Department argued the case should be dismissed on procedural grounds .	Ramzi Yousef has had his communications restricted since 1997 He 's serving life plus 20 years for the 1993 World Trade Center bombing His lawyer says he 's no longer a national security threat and those limits should be lifted
CNN  -- The biggest technology story of 2013 is one of the biggest stories of the year , period . It has had serious implications in the United States and around the world , and half a year later its true impact is only beginning to be felt . In June , the Guardian first published leaked documents from National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden . The classified documents contained information about highly confidential government programs that collect massive amounts of data about Americans ' cell phone calls and Internet activities The scope of the program has led to lawsuits and protests , a public debate about the right to privacy versus the government 's need to secretly collect information for security . Another big story this year was cybersecurity , illustrated by a string of attacks by hackers against news organizations , major tech companies and retailers . The motivations behind the attacks varied : Some , like the recent Target breach , were financially motivated , while others were political statements or acts of espionage . They all highlighted the limits of online security and privacy . It was a year when established tech companies struggled to reinvent themselves . Microsoft continued to push its new Windows 8 operating system and Windows 8 smartphones , even going as far as to buy the No. 1 maker of Windows phones , Nokia 's mobile division . In the end , it was n't enough and the company decided on one more big change : a new CEO . A bright spot for Microsoft could be its new game console , the Xbox One , which is competing against Sony 's new PlayStation 4 . Apple did n't have to switch much up to stay popular . It announced an expected update to its iPhone and iPad lines with the usual fanfare , slimming down and speeding up the devices , throwing in some flashy features like a fingerprint scanner and new colors to keep the masses interested . A more dramatic overhaul was of the iOS 7 mobile operating system , which was flattened , simplified and updated . Twitter went public and released a new social micro-video app called Vine , Snapchat broke out of the naughty-messaging market and made "  ephemeral " communications a hot feature , and virtual currency Bitcoin skyrocketed in price while people waited to see if it would drop back down to Earth . Some of 2013 's big stories were just previews of what 's to come in 2014 . Wearable technology moved from the hype stage to the prototype stage , but Google Glass and the myriad of not-ready-for-prime-time smartwatches just showed the industry still has a lot more work to do  on design and social norms  before these gadgets are hot holiday items . Tune in next year and see whether face-mounted computers become a socially acceptable accessory , 3-D printed guns become something to worry about and original content from sites like Amazon and Netflix can take on TV .	Revelations about the scope of the NSA 's snooping lead to the year 's biggest tech stores Hacking of major companies and sites for politics , fun and profit a reoccurring story in 2013 Snapchat , Vine , Bitcoin and iOS 7 all became familiar terms
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Kim Kardashian 's and Kris Humphries officially became divorced this week -- 20 months after she filed papers to end their 72-day marriage . Los Angeles County Superior Court confirmed to CNN on Tuesday that the divorce became final Monday . This simplifies life for Kardashian , 32 , as she is close to giving birth to a daughter , fathered by new boyfriend Kanye West . The due date has not be made public , although she did reveal the baby 's gender this week on her reality show "  Keeping Up with the Kardashians . " Humphries , an NBA forward , accused Kardashian of fraud by entering the marriage only to make millions of dollars with their wedding , Humphries ' lawyer , Marshall Waller , told Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Stephen Moloney last year . The August 20 , 2011 , wedding was aired in October on E! Entertainment in a two-part special titled "  Kim 's Fairytale Wedding : A Kardashian Event . " Kardashian filed for separation in October 2011 , beginning the bitter divorce battle CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	Court clerk says the Kardashian-Humphries divorce became final Monday Kardashian is close to giving birth to a daughter , fathered by boyfriend Kanye West . She filed for separation in October 2011 , beginning the bitter divorce battle
CNN  -- An American being held in a Nicaraguan prison said he is innocent and described his treatment in a "  hellhole " in an exclusive phone interview with CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Thursday . "  I do n't know the reason that I 'm here , " Jason Puracal said . "  That 's been a mystery from the very beginning . What the motives behind the police and the prosecution have been . " Puracal , a 35-year-old from Washington state , has been behind bars since August 2010 , when Nicaraguan authorities raided his real estate office in the coastal tourist city of San Juan del Sur . CNN profiled Puracal in February . In November , a Nicaraguan judge found Puracal guilty of money laundering , drug trafficking and organized crime and sentenced the American to 22 years . But a chorus of supporters say that there is no evidence to support the charges and that Puracal 's prosecution was rife with legal mistakes and misconduct . Puracal 's family and supporters have said that while visiting him at La Modelo , they 've been shocked to see he 's gotten very ill and is disturbingly underweight . "  We 're really afraid that his body wo n't be able to take this much longer , " said Janis Puracal , who was allowed to visit her brother in prison several months ago . Puracal described to Cooper what it 's like at La Modelo prison near Managua . "  It 's basically a hellhole , " he said . "  There are concrete cells that are overcrowded . "  I 've been in a cell with anywhere from 9 to 12 people in a 12-by-15-foot cell , " Puracal continued . "  It 's hot ; it 's dirty ; it 's festy . There 's lots of insects , including chiggers and ants and mosquitoes . There 's no running water . I have to fight every day to get your two buckets of water . There 's no good food . We get rice and beans three times a day , and it has a bicarbonate added to it to make the prisoners feel full , so I ca n't even eat this stuff . "  I had to go to the hospital , " he said . "  So , basically , right now , I survive on crackers and peanuts and raisins . " Those fighting to free Puracal include the director of the California Innocence Project , the human-rights attorney who helped win freedom for Burmese Nobel Peace Prize laureate Aung San Suu Kyi and an ex-FBI agent who was one of the early champions of Amanda Knox 's innocence . U.S. Rep. Adam Smith , D-Washington , said in February that Puracal 's arrest is tantamount to kidnapping  PDF  . Even the three American hikers freed from Iran have spoken out against the American 's conviction . Recently , a special group of independent legal experts with the United Nations declared that Nicaragua was violating international law  PDF  by imprisoning Puracal and that he should be immediately released . Puracal 's defense team provided the group 's recommendation to CNN . Since CNN began reporting Puracal 's story , it has made numerous attempts on the phone and in person in Nicaragua to obtain comment from officials involved in Puracal 's case . Each attempt has been rebuffed . Cooper asked Puracal whether he thought the U.N. group 's opinion would increase the chances that officials in Nicaragua will release him . "  I would hope so , that the administration of Nicaragua would value the independent U.N. opinion about my case , " Puracal answered . "  However , it 's been a couple weeks since that has been publicly released and about a month since Nicaragua has refused that privately , and yet I 'm still sitting here . " Puracal went to Nicaragua in 2002 , shortly after graduating from college in Washington , to work for the Peace Corps . He stayed there because he fell in love with the country , Janis Puracal said . He met the woman who would become his wife , a Nicaraguan national , and they had a child . Puracal developed a successful real estate business in San Juan del Sur and was even featured on the HGTV show "  House Hunters International . " He was in his office in 2010 when Nicaraguan authorities burst in with their guns drawn , he told Cooper . "  I was shocked , " he said . "  I had donated to the police department in San Juan del Sur . And I had interacted with them on a positive basis previously , but when guys in masks and assault rifles stormed into my office , I thought I was being robbed . "  I did n't know what was going on until a plainclothes guy with a badge around his neck came in and asked for me . And then he still did n't tell me for the next two days -- even after they arrested me -- why I was being arrested or for what it was all about . " The Nicaraguan government accused Puracal of being part of a group of drug traffickers , but Puracal 's defense team says investigators could not establish links between Puracal and 10 Nicaraguans who were convicted with him . Jared Genser , a well-known international human rights attorney who helped free Suu Kyi , said Puracal has never met the other defendants , and the co-defendants told the judge in the case that they had never met Puracal . When Janis Puracal , a lawyer in Seattle , approached Genser with her brother 's case , he immediately took it . "  I knew that something was very wrong here " after reviewing the court documents , he said . The U.N. Working Group on Arbitrary Detention rendered its opinion that Puracal should be freed in response to a petition  PDF  Genser filed this year . The document detailed numerous alleged flaws in the case against his client . The Working Group does n't have the authority to force a country to act in response to its opinions , but it can send a strong diplomatic and political message , Genser said . "  The fact that Jason is the only one of more than 3,000 Americans imprisoned abroad  to have the support of the U.N.  , the U.N. calling for his release should demonstrate to the Nicaraguan government that its failure to resolve this case quickly will have serious diplomatic consequences , " he said . In response to questions about Puracal 's case , U.S. State Department spokesman Mark Toner said several weeks ago that officials are "  continuing to work " on Puracal 's behalf "  through counselor and diplomatic channels . " On Wednesday , Cooper 's interview with Puracal was ended abruptly after Cooper asked whether Puracal felt that he was in danger . Puracal : "  Umm ... the guards are telling me I have to go now . But thank you for your ... for your call . " Cooper : "  Is there anything you want people to know before you go ? " Puracal : "  I am 100 % innocent of the crimes I 've been accused of , and I ca n't wait to see my family . And I thank everyone for all their support and their effort . "	Jason Puracal was convicted of drug trafficking , organized crime and money laundering in 2011 Puracal tells Anderson Cooper there is no evidence in case against him ; experts agree U.N. group says imprisoning American is a violation of international law Prison where Puracal is held ` basically a hellhole '
CNN  -- Twelve suspected al Qaeda militants were killed Thursday , said a high-level Yemeni government official who is being briefed on his nation 's ongoing counterterrorism operations . The official characterized the operation as "  open warfare between the Yemeni military and al Qaeda . " "  It 's a very tough fight , " said the official . "  So far , dozens of Yemeni soldiers have been killed or wounded and dozens of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  members have been killed or wounded . " This is all part of a crackdown resulting in the deaths of more than 60 suspected al Qaeda militants in Yemen from April 19 to 21 , Yemeni officials have said . Operations have included attacks by Yemeni commandos and suspected U.S. drone strikes , according to a Yemeni official . The high-level Yemeni government official said Thursday that "  decisive battles " are ongoing , with troops "  conducting ground operations still in the toughest areas . " He called the operation "  unprecedented . " "  They are pushing through and establishing security parameters in Baida and Hadramout and around Shabwa and Abyan , but this is still a tough battle , " this official said . "  If you go in like this , all the way , and do n't make it through , that could be devastating . " While the official noted the operations were going better than expected in Abyan , with the Yemeni army advancing there , he acknowledged that things in Shabwa "  are n't going as well . " "  It seems like the AQAP militants were ready for the operations , " said the official . "  Resistance has been stronger and casualties among Yemeni military have been higher . Reinforcements are on their way . " The official said the country could use even more support from its from its allies , specifically bringing up "  our Saudi and American friends . " U.S. special operations troops have played a role in the offensive , in part by flying Yemeni forces to a remote , mountainous spot in southern Yemen . But no Americans took part in combat , a U.S. official has said . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Official : Yemen 's military is conducting an "  unprecedented " operation against al Qaeda "  Decisive battles " are said to be underway The official says Yemen could use more help from "  our Saudi and American friends "
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- The Chinese women 's gymnastics team did not use underage competitors during this year 's Summer Olympic Games in Beijing , the International Gymnastics Federation said Wednesday . Widespread reports claimed that gold medal winner He Kexin was only 14 years old . The federation said it has concluded its inquiry into the matter after it confirmed the gymnasts ' ages through official documents that the Chinese Gymnasts Association provided . The documents included passports , identity cards and household registers . However , the organization intends to further investigate the ages of two gymnasts , Dong Fangxiao and Yang Yun , who participated in the 2000 summer games in Sydney , Australia . The federation said it did not consider the explanations and evidence that Chinese authorities provided in regard to those athletes as satisfactory . The International Olympic Committee had asked gymnastics officials to clarify the situation after numerous commentators , bloggers and others questioned whether about half the members of China 's team were old enough to compete . Watch tiny gymnasts work out " Athletes must be at least 16 in the year the games take place . In women 's gymnastics , younger girls can have an advantage over older competitors on account of their often smaller , lighter and more agile bodies . The Chinese women 's gymnastics team won a gold medal in a team competition at the Beijing games , and five members won individual medals . One of the challenges came from a blogger known as "  Stryde Hax . " The blogger claimed to have uncovered proof that Chinese gymnast He Kexin is only 14 . In Internet searches , "  Stryde Hax " allegedly uncovered Web pages showing lists complied by China 's General Administration of Sport that show a 1994 date of birth for He . CNN was not been able to independently verify the information , but snapshots of the Web pages appeared to back up the claim . Other bloggers joined the search and reported similar results . The New York Times conducted its own investigation , producing similar results that seem to implicate He and two other members of the team . The Times uncovered a 2006 biography on He that lists her birthday as January 1 , 1994 . The International Gymnastics Federation , however , has said that those gymnasts were eligible and that the ages on their passports were correct . Chinese gymnastics coaches also defended their team . "  Asians have different figures than people from the West , so that 's what caused their suspicion , " said Huang Yubin , head coach of the men 's and women 's teams , referring to media inquiries . "  They should n't be suspicious . "	Athletes met age requirements , international commission concludes Some writers , others suspected girls were younger than rules allowed Chinese team won gold medal in Summer Olympics at Beijing Passports , identity cards , household records examined
Washington  CNN  -- House Republican leaders are aiming to delay a challenge to President Barack Obama 's controversial immigration executive order until early next year in an effort to avoid a government shutdown next week , multiple House GOP members and aides told CNN . Speaker John Boehner announced the strategy in a closed-door meeting of House Republicans Tuesday , where it was largely well-received by rank and file GOP members , although some conservatives are pressing for changes , according to multiple sources . Many members say they are still reviewing the details . At a news conference afterwards , Boehner said his members realize their hands are tied on the immigration issue until Republicans control both chambers of Congress in January . "  I think they understand that it 's going to be difficult to take meaningful action as long as we got Democrat control of the Senate , " Boehner said . Mitch McConnell , the Kentucky Republican in line to become the next Senate majority leader , reiterated his view that the GOP should stop threatening shutdowns . "  We need to quit that kind of rattling the economy , " McConnell said Tuesday at the Wall Street Journal CEO Council . The government will run out of money on Dec. 11 unless Congress acts . Last year 's government shutdown was politically disastrous for Republicans and the party is trying to avoid a repeat just as they 're on the cusp of retaking full control of Congress for the first time in nearly a decade . The GOP plan discussed on Tuesday calls for the House to vote on legislation that would fund most of the government through September while only funding the Department of Homeland Security , which would carry out key parts of the executive orders , until just sometime in March . That would give Republicans time to pass legislation blocking the immigration orders . House Republican leaders are trying to balance competing priorities in the party . They want to mollify conservatives who are furious over the President 's decision to make it easier for millions of undocumented immigrants to stay in the country by providing a clear opportunity for them to try to block the action . After hearing about the plan Tuesday morning , some of those House members on the right say they will oppose it because it would continue funding for agencies tasked with granting new visas through March of next year . "  You just want me to fund the unconstitutional act for 60 days ? Kind of like being a little bit pregnant ? It does n't work for me , " Arizona GOP Rep Matt Salmon told reporters . But other Republicans -- including leaders in both chambers -- are fearful of tying that move to government funding . Arkansas GOP Rep. Steve Womack said now that voters gave his party control of both the House and Senate in the midterms it 's was important to demonstrate that they can govern and not "  give any opportunity for buyer 's remorse on the part of the discerning electorate . " He said there was a "  narrow window " for Republicans to show they can run the government before voters size up the parties again before the 2016 election . A vote on the bill is likely next week , aides said . Testifying before a House committee on Tuesday , Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson urged lawmakers against legislation that would fund his department for a shorter period of time than the rest of the government . "  That is , in my judgment , a very bad idea for Homeland Security because during that period ... , we can not engage in new starts , " Johnson said . "  For example , we are back in a presidential election cycle . I can not hire new Secret Service agents until I get an appropriations bill passed by this Congress -- not another  continuing resolution  for a couple of months . " Senate Democrats generally support the President 's immigration orders and oppose the House plan to fund DHS just through March . But after meeting with his caucus Tuesday , Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid it would be a "  big accomplishment " if the House passed a bill that funded most of the government and signaled he would support it . Separately , the House likely will vote this week on a bill that essentially calls out Obama on immigration . House Judiciary Committee Chairman Robert Goodlatte is reworking a proposal drafted by Florida Republican Rep. Ted Yoho of Florida . That bill would allow members to "  vent " about their unhappiness with the executive action and assert that what Obama did was unconstitutional . Illinois Republican Rep. Peter Roskam said the separate vote declaring the president violated the Constitution by using executive authority on immigration is to demonstrate to constituents that the GOP opposed the president 's actions . "  Silence is assent so to not respond in any way is in some fashion to be complicit in it , so this allows members to be on the record and clear about it . " However , the bill would have not legal binding authority and the Senate is sure to ignore it . Salmon said he would vote for the bill because he opposed the president 's immigration actions , but then he essentially dismissed it , saying , "  it 's not going to go anywhere and everyone 's knows it . " In addition to the funding strategy , House GOP members are also still considering whether they should sue the President for the issuing the directives that they consider unconstitutional . CNN 's Alexandra Jaffe and Jeremy Diamond contributed to this story	NEW : Some conservatives pressing for changes to GOP plan Republicans are working on a plan that would avert a government shutdown GOP could vote on the plan next week Congress must act before Dec. 11 to avoid a shutdown
CNN  -- President Barack Obama 's trip to Saudi Arabia this week comes amid accusations the State Department has hidden the results of a study that concludes textbooks in the Kingdom remain rife with Islamic extremism . Since the September 11 , 2001 , attacks , successive U.S. administrations have attempted to curb Saudi indoctrination of students through hateful extremist material in its textbooks . In addition to teaching the material to its own students , Saudi Arabia runs academies in about 20 countries , which use some of the same texts . The Kingdom has repeatedly claimed that it has revised its textbooks . In 2005 , the Saudi government took out a full-page ad in the New Republic to boast of its success at "  having modernized our school curricula to better prepare our children for the challenges of tomorrow . " But the Foundation for Defense of Democracies said on Tuesday the secret study finds Saudi textbooks still "  create a climate that fosters exclusivity , intolerance , and calls to violence that put religious and ethnic minorities at risk . " Citing sources familiar with it , the Washington-based think tank said the Obama administration decided not to publish the study when it was completed in late 2012 because offensive material dehumanizing Jews and Christians included in the textbooks would portray the Saudis in a negative light . "  The State Department is in possession of a uniquely exhaustive set of recent findings about incitement in Saudi Arabia 's education system , findings that it has declined to release for public consumption , " the report said . The study is the product of a reported $ 500,000 State Department contract with the International Center for Religion and Diplomacy . On its website , ICRD says the project was commissioned to "  assist in the ongoing effort by Saudi Arabia to remove discriminatory content from its public school curriculums and to evaluate its global impact in other Muslim-majority countries . " Current and former U.S. officials said the study paints a mixed picture of Saudi textbooks . While it notes some progress by Saudis in making reforms and removing some of the most hateful language , the study still found areas for improvement . "  We know there 's more work to be done , " State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said . Ali Ahmed , a Saudi scholar who runs the Washington-based Institute for Gulf Affairs , has been studying Saudi textbooks since before the 9/11 attacks . Ahmed said that in meetings with State Department officials over the years , he has found a consistent reluctance to put pressure on the Saudi royal family about the problem . "  I wrote papers and offered advice . I provided them with the textbooks showing evidence that the Saudis have not done anything , " he said , adding that several officials warned him his campaign could damage U.S.-Saudi relations . "  The U.S. confronts China and Russia about human rights , but I do n't know why they ca n't tell the Saudis to clean up their act on this issue , " he said . "  The U.S. is not a small country like Panama with no tools to force change . So either they are not serious or their policy is a failure here . If the U.S. wanted to bring some pressure , they can . They have not tried . " Harf said the United States has consistently and publicly encouraged Saudi Arabia to institute educational and textbook reforms , but disputed the notion that the State Department had ever planned to publish the study . "  It was intended to drive and inform the work of the State Department as we work with the Saudi government to push them to reform their textbooks , " Harf said . "  We obviously continue to push our partners to reform , and we believe with the Saudis that it 's most effective to do this directly , with them , between our governments , and not publicly , and we do want to keep working with them to see if they can reform their curriculum more . " David Andrew Weinberg , a senior fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies who wrote the study , said Saudi teachings of intolerance should be on the agenda when Obama visits the Kingdom this week . "  The hate speech so rampant in Saudi textbooks should be publicly addressed by the President while in Riyadh , " Weinberg said . "  Doing so would put hardliners on notice that even at this low point in U.S.-Saudi relations , the President will not shy away from affirming pluralistic American values and seeking reforms in the name of our national security . " Opinion : Why the Saudis unfriended the U.S.	Study finds Saudi textbooks still "  create a climate that fosters intolerance " Think tank claims Obama administration decided not to publish the study President Barack Obama makes trip to Saudi Arabia this week
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- A 92-year-old woman with cocaine strapped to her body flew all the way from Brazil to Spain before police arrested her , in a wheelchair , at Madrid 's airport . A Civil Guard spokeswoman says the 92-year old was apprehended at Madrid 's Barajas Airport . They found 4.3 kilos , or nearly 9.5 pounds , of cocaine packets strapped to her legs and torso , and also arrested a 44-year-old female companion , who tried to escape on another plane , a Civil Guard spokeswoman told CNN Tuesday . The two women , both from Uruguay , were arrested Friday after arriving in Madrid on a flight from Sao Paolo , Brazil . But officials did not release details about the case until this week , after a judge had arraigned the two on drug trafficking charges . The judge ordered the younger woman to prison but sent the 92-year-old to a senior citizens ' home in Madrid . Due to her advanced age , "  it 's practically impossible " that she would be tried or face jail time , said the Civil Guard spokeswoman , who by custom is not identified . Police did not identify the two women . Civil Guards became suspicious when the younger woman repeatedly told the older woman -- who had asked for an airport wheelchair in Madrid to traverse the terminal -- that if they rushed , they would make their connecting flight to Spain 's Canary Islands . The Civil Guards , who run customs controls at the airport , stopped the woman in the wheelchair . The younger woman immediately fled , first trying to make the connecting flight , which by then had closed its doors , and then attempting to leave the airport terminal for the street . But she was stuck in the "  satellite , " or second building , of Terminal 4 , which is connected to the main building and the street by an underground train . Police caught up with her before she left the satellite terminal . The two would-be smugglers probably expected a cash payment and return flight tickets to Brazil from their drug trafficking contacts , the Civil Guard spokeswoman said .	Two women , both from Uruguay , arrested after arriving in Madrid on flight from Brazil Judge arraigns two women , one a 92-year old wheelchair user , on drug charges Spokeswoman : "  It 's practically impossible " wheelchair user would be tried
At a campaign event Monday in New Hampshire , Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney asserted that he too would have made the decision to send a U.S. Navy SEAL team to kill Osama bin Laden in Abbottabad , Pakistan , telling reporters , "  Of course , even Jimmy Carter would have given that order . " At the same event , former New Hampshire Gov. John Sununu , who was chief of staff to President George H.W. Bush and is campaigning for Romney , said that President Barack Obama was wrong to take any credit for bin Laden 's death . "  It 's wrong in taking credit , and it 's wrong in implying that someone else would not have made the same decision . " Of course , these assertions are easy to make after you already know the successful outcome of the bin Laden operation , so let 's consider the decision-making process that went on in the White House before Obama ordered the bin Laden raid and then readers can assess for themselves if just any old president would have made the call . Throughout the planning process for the Abbottabad operation , Defense Secretary Robert Gates was consistently one of the most skeptical of the president 's advisers . His was a voice that carried great weight , as he had worked for six American presidents ; he was working for Nixon 's National Security Council when Obama was only 13 . And Gates had enough experience from his tenure as CIA director to know that you could have a pretty strong circumstantial case and still be wrong . In the event of a ground attack on the Abbottabad compound , he was also concerned about the level of risk for U.S. forces and for the American relationship with Pakistan . Above all , Gates was concerned about a replay of Operation Eagle Claw , the botched effort in 1980 to release the 52 American hostages held in the U.S. Embassy in Tehran during the Iranian Revolution . It was Jimmy Carter who did make the call to send in American forces to rescue the hostages , which ended up with eight U.S. servicemen dead and no hostages being freed . The failed rescue operation was a major factor in making Carter a one-term president . Eagle Claw was something Gates had lived through in excruciating detail when he working for then-CIA Director Stansfield Turner as his executive assistant . As the disaster unfolded in Iran in April 1980 , Gates was with Turner the whole night of the operation , shuttling between the CIA and the White House . Gates recalled , "  We finally left the White House at about 1:30 in the morning . ... I had a long , sad drive home . " Vice President Joe Biden , who was elected to the U.S. Senate when Obama was 10 , and was chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee before becoming vice president , was worried about the local fallout from a SEAL raid in Abbottabad : a possible firefight with the Pakistanis or an incident at the U.S. Embassy in Islamabad . Gates and Biden also pointed out that the proposed raid would not just cause problems in America 's relations with Pakistan but would likely cause a permanent rupture , and that would mean the end of both the land and air corridors across Pakistan that were critical to the resupply of the 100,000 America soldiers then stationed in neighboring Afghanistan . There was also the issue that the case for bin Laden living in the Abbottabad compound was entirely circumstantial . No U.S. satellite ever photographed bin Laden at the compound , and no American spy on the ground had ever seen him . At one point in the months before Obama made his decision , Michael Morell , deputy director of the CIA , told the president that , when it came to the sheer volume of data points , "  the circumstantial case of Iraq having WMD  weapons of mass destruction  was actually stronger than the circumstantial case that bin Laden is living in the Abbottabad compound . " At the final National Security Council meeting to discuss the Abbottabad operation on Thursday , April 28 , 2011 , Gates continued to be skittish about the proposed SEAL operation , saying , "  There is a degree of risk associated with the raid option that I am uncomfortable with . An option of some kind of precision strike , I would be more comfortable with that . " The defense secretary reminded Obama 's war Cabinet that he had been in the White House the night the Eagle Claw mission imploded . At this final NSC meeting , Biden was unambiguous , "  Mr. President , my suggestion is : Do n't go . " At the same meeting , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton gave a long , lawyerly presentation that examined both the upsides and the downsides of the raid option . It was n't clear where she was going with it until she summarized . "  It 's a very close call , but I would say : Do the raid . " CIA Director Leon Panetta and Adm. Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and Obama 's top military adviser , were both strong proponents of the SEAL raid , while Gen. James "  Hoss " Cartwright , vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs , was in favor of deploying a tiny experimental drone-fired bomb to take out bin Laden , an option that was very much on the table during the April 28 meeting . With both Gates and Biden still leery of the largely circumstantial intelligence and the toll that a raid would place on the critical U.S.-Pakistani relationship , that made two out of the three most-senior officials in Obama 's Cabinet urging against the SEAL helicopter assault . Cartwright , whom Obama had great respect for , was also advocating an alternative course of action . In essence the nation 's most senior national security advisers to the president were split down the middle about the advisability of the SEAL operation to take out bin Laden in Pakistan . Obama listened to the counsel of his senior advisers intently but kept his views to himself . One of the officials in the room who had attended countless meetings with the president says , "  He is very hard to read . He 's an introverted guy . He 's a thinker . " As the meeting wound up , at around 7 p.m. , the president said , "  This is a close call and not one that I 'm ready to make now . I need to go think about this . I 'm going to sleep on it . I 'll give an order in the morning . " At 8:20 Friday morning , in the White House Diplomatic Reception Room , Obama gathered some of his top aides around him and said simply , "  I 've considered the decision : It 's a go . " Tony Blinken , Biden 's top national security adviser , heard the news shortly afterward . "  I thought , ` Man , that is a gutsy call . ' First , we do n't know for sure bin Laden is there ; the evidence is circumstantial . Second , most of his most senior advisers had recommended a different course of action . I remember when the president left the meeting the previous day I was not convinced he was going to do it . Leaving that meeting , I think a lot of people had visions of Jimmy Carter in their heads . " If you still think this was an easy call , I have a compound in Abbottabad I 'd like to sell to you .	Mitt Romney said he would have ordered the Osama bin Laden raid in Pakistan Peter Bergen says President Obama OK 'd the raid despite strong opposition on his team Robert Gates and Joe Biden advised against the mission , Bergen says Bergen : Intelligence had not conclusively shown that bin Laden was in the compound
Beijing  CNN  -- Apple halted sales of its iPhone 4S in Beijing and Shanghai on Friday after scuffles broke out over a delayed launch of the device , sending a shopper hurling eggs at one of its stores in the capital . Hundreds of devout fans -- along with scalpers -- braved subfreezing temperatures and camped out overnight , awaiting the phone 's debut near the trendy Sanlitun Village shopping mall in Beijing . As dawn broke Friday , the mood turned sour when the store 's doors remained shut beyond 7 a.m. , when the sale was scheduled to start . "  Open ! Open ! " people chanted and booed at the employees inside . After the scuffle , the bad news came via a megaphone that the phone would be unavailable at this Apple Store on its first day of sale . A large contingent of police officers arrived and put yellow tape around the plaza . Dozens of police and guards slowly pushed people out of the perimeter , dragging away those who resisted , despite their screaming protests . The tech giant -- based in Cupertino , California -- said it is halting sales in Beijing and Shanghai for customers ' safety . It launched the iPhone 4S in mainland China on Friday . "  The demand for iPhone 4S has been incredible , and our stores in China have already sold out , " the company said in a statement . "  Unfortunately we were unable to open our store at Sanlitun due to the large crowd , and to ensure the safety of our customers and employees , iPhone will not be available in our retail stores in Beijing and Shanghai for the time being . " Apple has seen phenomenal sales growth in mainland China and opened Asia 's largest Apple Store in Shanghai in September . The company announced in July that its revenue from the Greater China region , which includes Hong Kong and Taiwan , reached $ 8.8 billion for the first three quarters of the fiscal year , a more than sixfold increase compared with the same period in the previous year . While many in the crowd criticized Apple for not opening the store when it said it would , others turned nationalistic , blasting the United States in general . The plaza was soon cleared , leaving iPhone fans standing outside the police tape as a giant screen teased them with Apple commercials .	An Apple store in a trendy Beijing district fails to open amid unruly crowds Friday is the date of the introduction of the iPhone 4S in mainland China Apple says it wo n't sell the new model in Beijing and Shanghai retail stores for now The police clear away crowds of disgruntled consumers
CNN  -- It has been 20 years since filmmaker Michael Moore took on General Motors in "  Roger and Me . " He 's still sticking it to big business for what he sees as the deliberate shafting of the little guy . Filmmaker Michael Moore says Wall Street created a "  invisible virtual casino " with people 's money . His new film , "  Capitalism : A Love Story , " opened Wednesday in New York and Los Angeles , California , and opens nationwide next week . Moore talked with CNN 's Larry King about whether capitalism is key to the American dream or the cause of an American nightmare . The following is an edited version of the interview . Larry King : You describe this movie as the culmination of all the films you 've made . Does that mean this is it ? Michael Moore : No . I hope not . It means that , for 20 years , as you said , I 've been doing this . I started out by showing people what General Motors was up to and how this was a company that was making a lot of bad decisions and it was n't good for the company nor for the country . That was 20 years ago . And since then , I 've covered a number of issues and different things . But it all seems to come back to this one issue of "  follow the money . " Who 's got the money ? And whoever has the money has the power . And right now , in America , tonight , Larry , the richest 1 percent have more financial wealth than the bottom 95 percent combined . King : You 're in that 1 percent , though ? Moore : I do n't think I 'm in that 1 percent , but I make documentary films . But I mean , obviously , I do well because my films have done well . But , you know , even if I were , I think it 's my responsibility -- my moral duty that if I 've done well , that I have to make sure that everybody else . King : Does well too or has a chance ? Moore : Well , has at least a chance but that -- and that the pie is divided fairly amongst the people and not just a few people get the majority of the loot and everybody else has to struggle for the crumbs . King : Are you saying capitalism is a failure ? Moore : Yes . Capitalism . Yes . Well , I do n't have to say it . Capitalism , in the last year , has proven that it 's failed . All the basic tenets of what we 've talked about the free market , about free enterprise and competition just completely fell apart . As soon as they lost , essentially , our money , they came running to the federal government for a bailout -- for welfare , for socialism . And I thought the basic principle of capitalism was that it 's a sink-or-swim situation . And those who do well , the cream rises to the top and , you know , those who invest their money wrongly or , you know , do n't run their business the right way , then they do n't do well . Watch Moore talk about corporate greed And if you run your business the wrong way , where does it say that you or I or anybody watching this has to bail them out ? I understand why everybody seemed to get behind it , because a lot of people were afraid , because these people down on Wall Street had taken our money and made bets with it . I mean , they essentially created this invisible virtual casino with people 's money -- people 's pension funds , people 's 401  k  s . They took this money and they made bets . And then they made bets on the bets . And then they took out insurance policies on the bets . And then they took out insurance against the insurance -- the credit default swaps . King : You started filming before Lehman Brothers went belly up . Moore : Yes . King : The stock market tanked . Now , how did the events , as it occurred , affect the movie ? Did it change gears ? Moore : It did n't change in terms of what I was looking at , but it did , obviously , offer probably the best example of why this is a system that is really corrupt at its core -- corrupt because it does n't , it is n't run with democratic -- small "  d " -- democratic principles . There 's no democracy in our economy . You and I and the people watching have no say in how this economy is run . The upper 1 percent , the people down on Wall Street , the corporate executives , they 're the people that control this economy . King : And they do n't want to see the economy do well ? They do n't want to see people ... Moore : Oh , they sure do . King : Do n't they want people to make money so they can buy the products ? I mean it 's silly if they want people unemployed ? Moore : Oddly enough , yes . King : Why ? Moore : I 'll tell you why . Because your employees are your biggest expense . And , as you 've noticed in the last few months , as the unemployment rate has gone up , so has the Dow Jones . Now , you 'd think , you know , that Wall Street would respond with "  Oh , my God , unemployment is going up , you know , this is bad for business . " But the reality is , is that Wall Street likes that . They like it when companies fire people because immediately the bottom line is going to show a larger profit . King : Are you saying the investor is more important than the employee ? Moore : Yes . The investor -- and the investor , these days , they want the short-term , quick profit and they want it now . But in the long-term , here 's what happened . When I was on this show 20 years ago , 20 years ago this week , I was here with "  Roger and Me " . King : I remember . Moore : And General Motors , that year , made a profit of $ 4 billion . And yet they had just laid off another 30,000 people . Now , why would you lay people off when you 're making a record profit of $ 4 billion ? I mean that was totally insane . But they thought , well , you know , we can make a bigger profit . Maybe we can make $ 4.2 billion if we move those jobs to Mexico . And so they 're always , you know , we can make a little bit more money if we do this . By firing those workers , Larry , they got rid of the very people who buy their cars .	Filmmaker Michael Moore takes on capitalism in his latest documentary Moore says Wall Street took our money and made bets with it Moore : Richest 1 percent in America are wealthier than bottom 95 percent combined
CNN  -- Winds so strong they knocked over semi trucks have been gusting through parts of Montana and Wyoming . The National Weather Service issued a wind warning until 11 p.m. Monday for Browning , Montana , where gusts of up to 85 mph were recorded Saturday . In Cheyenne , Wyoming , gusts of up to 65 mph are expected and a wind advisory is in effect until 5 p.m. Sunday . Severe weather hits parts of Southeast Officials warn that driving over mountain passes and on roads running from north to south will be difficult . Several semi trucks blew over Saturday along Interstate 15 , according to CNN Great Falls , Montana , affiliate KRTV . No injuries were reported . The gusting winds have toppled trees and bent over power poles . Sustained winds will be between 30 and 50 mph , KRTV reported .	Wind gusts topple semi trucks in Montana High wind warning is in effect for parts of Montana and Wyoming Gusting winds bend power poles and topple trees
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Bush reflected on his own struggle with alcohol in a White House meeting Thursday that touted gains in the war on drug abuse . President Bush speaks about his administration 's efforts in fighting drug abuse at the White House on Thursday . CNN was the only media outlet invited to attend the entire meeting , which other reporters joined in the final minutes for remarks from the president . Several in the room , including Don Coyhis of Colorado Springs , Colorado , who runs a program targeting Native Americans battling substance abuse , were recovered addicts or alcoholics . Bush , who quit drinking at the age of 40 , was impressed . "  Congratulations on 30 years of sobriety , " the president told Coyhis . "  I 'm eight years behind you . " The president told the group of 14 -- all leaders in drug prevention , treatment and interdiction programs across the country -- that a new study shows teen drug abuse has dropped 25 percent since he took office in 2001 . "  No question there 's still work to do in America , but we are making progress , " Bush said . But the study by the University of Michigan cautioned that progress could be threatened by a drop in the percentage of young people who think marijuana is harmful . And it found that a high percentage of teens are abusing prescription drugs , with nearly 10 percent of high school seniors reporting using Vicodin over the past year and nearly 5 percent abusing OxyContin . Bush listened to participants ' stories and shared some candid moments . Professional baseball player Josh Hamilton , who once suffered from a debilitating drug addiction , talked about seeking help from eight treatment centers . "  They did n't work for me , " he said . It was n't until his grandmother confronted him while he was high on drugs that something clicked . "  That moment cleared my mind , opened my heart , and that following night I committed my life to Christ , " Hamilton said . The president praised the effectiveness of the programs represented , most private and faith-based . "  I 'm a faith-based guy , " Bush explained . "  Sometimes , to help change a person 's behavior , you have to change their heart . Government 's not really good at that . " Former New Orleans District Attorney Harry Connick Sr. talked about why he was motivated to launch a student drug testing program that has now spread to 20 city high schools . Over his nearly 30-year-career , Connick said , "  I sent a lot of people to the penitentiary . But at one point I thought , this is not enough . " The father of singer Harry Connick Jr. maintained that the best way to reduce demand for drugs is to test high school students . Dr. Katie McQueen advocated more careful screening of patients for substance abuse by hospitals and doctors . "  Of the millions of people who need help , most do n't get it because they do n't think they need it , " McQueen explained . When McQueen announced that her Houston program was based in "  the great state of Texas , " Bush interrupted with a broad smile , "  I 'll be home in about -- but who 's counting -- 39 days . " Dr. Nora Volkow , director of the National Institute on Drug Abuse , discussed research showing that 50 percent of a person 's vulnerability to drug addiction is genetic . Bush asked whether the same was true of alcohol abuse . "  There 's clearly a genetic component , " Volkow responded . "  That 's why prevention is so important . " Lt. Mike Boudreaux of the Tulare County Sheriff 's Department described his battle to eradicate marijuana fields on California public lands . "  It 's a daunting task , " Boudreaux said of the efforts , which often involve confronting Mexican drug dealers intent on protecting their hidden fields . Boudreaux added that his mother often prays for the president . "  One of the most striking aspects of being president is the power of prayer in my life . I feel it , " Bush said . "  Some days are happy . Some days are not so happy . But every day is joyous . "	President Bush discussed gains in the war on drug abuse "  There 's still work to do in America , but we are making progress , " Bush says He opened up about his own troubles with alcohol Bush : "  Some days are happy . Some days are not so happy "
CNN  -- Does anyone want to win La Liga ? All three sides challenging for the Spanish title failed to win on the season 's penultimate weekend ensuring the title race will go to the final day . Atletico Madrid drew 1-1 at home to ten-man Malaga , Barcelona were held to a scoreless draw away to Elche while Real Madrid fell to a 2-0 defeat at Celta Vigo . The results mean only Barcelona or Atletico can now win the title . Both sides will face each other in the season 's final round of fixtures at the Nou Camp next weekend in what is sure to be a dramatic and emotional occasion . Atletico will be particularly disappointed with their failure to win Sunday as three points against 13th placed Malaga would have seen them crowned champions in front of a passionate Vicente Calderon crowd . The Rojiblanco , who were without top scorer Diego Costa due to injury , missed numerous chances in the first period and fell behind in the 66th minute after mistakes by defender Toby Alderweireld and goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois . Alderweireld allowed an aimless long-ball bounce over him enabling Malaga striker Samuel Garcia to nick the ball off Courtois who had come needlessly charging from his goal in an attempt to make up for his teammates initial error . Garcia then composed himself before bundling the ball into the empty Atletico net . Lesser teams may have crumbled under the pressure of such a misstep but Atletico and Alderweireld were undimmed by their carelessness and hit back shortly after . The Belgian defender rose to head a Diego Ribas corner beyond Malaga goalkeeper Willy Caballero to level the scores at 1-1 after 74 minutes . Aware Barcelona were being held and Real losing , Atletico went for the kill . Caballero saved well from David Villa twice before Malaga were reduced to ten men after defender Marcos Angeleri was harshly shown a second yellow card for bringing down Villa at the edge of the away side 's penalty box . Jose Sosa hit the side netting from the resultant free-kick as injury time approached -- but Atletico would have one final chance to win it . Adrian Lopez tip-toed his way into the Malaga box before striking a curling shot that looked to be heading towards the top corner only for another heroic Caballero save to deny the Atleti sub . Speaking after the match , Atletico manager Diego Simeone maintained he was proud of his team despite the result , telling reporters that "  the players gave their maximum . " The Argentine also revealed he hopes star striker Diego Costa will be fit for next weekend 's showdown where "  nobody believes we can win in Barcelona . " While that last comment may be an early attempt at mind games , Atletico 's draw means Barcelona 's failure to win at Elche is not as catastrophic as it could have been . The Catalan 's will still have to beat Atleti on the final day to secure the championship , however , something they have failed to do in five attempts this season . Andres Iniesta came closest for a laboring Barca against an Elche side who are struggling to avoid relegation . The Spanish international midfielder smacked the crossbar with a ferocious first-half volley while Alexis Sanchez and Lionel Messi also both missed good opportunities to secure victory . "  What a league final awaits us on Saturday , " tweeted Iniesta after learning of Atletico 's failure to win . "  With our people we can get it . " Defender Dani Alves also took to twitter to add : "  There is no glory without suffering , no glory without a fight . " While Barca and Atletico have one final chance to claim glory next weekend , the same can not now be said for Real Madrid . Two major defensive errors handed Luis Enrique 's Celta Vigo an impressive 2-0 victory in Spain 's Northwest . A dithering Sergio Ramos was dispossessed by Celta striker Charles Dias de Oliveira who went on to round Diego Lopez and fire the ball into the Madrid two minutes before half-time . Xabi Alonso 's careless backpass in the 63rd minute then enabled de Oliveira to double the home side 's advantage . The striker again rounded Lopez after intercepting Alonso 's misplaced pace and slotted into an empty net . After the match , dejected Real Madrid midfielder , Isco , told the club 's website that Real had "  let the league slip because of our own mistakes . " "  Now we just have to learn from it and put our minds on the last league match as a preparation for the final of the Champions League . "	All three sides chasing the La Liga title failed to win Sunday Atletico Madrid drew with Malaga while Barcelona were held by Elche Real Madrid out of title race after defeat to Celta Vigo
U.S. authorities arrested an American man returning from overseas who they say is a sympathizer of the terrorist group ISIS . Donald Ray Morgan was arrested on August 2 on arrival at New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport from Frankfurt , Germany , according to federal court documents . A federal grand jury in North Carolina charged him with illegal weapons possession , and prosecutors say he was involved in weapons trafficking in violation of his probation for a previous felony conviction , the court documents show . The court documents make no mention of the ISIS connection , but U.S. officials say that part of what drew their attention is Morgan 's online activities , making Twitter postings in support of the terrorist group . Morgan is not thought to be involved in any active plots inside the U.S. or elsewhere and instead may be more of an "  aspirational " supporter of ISIS . Still , with the rise of ISIS , and more than 100 Americans believed to have traveled to Syria to fight in the ongoing civil war , the FBI is on alert for returning Americans who may be associated with groups fighting there . The New York Daily News reported Sunday night that at his first appearance in court on August 4 , prosecutors opposed bail , citing fears that he was possibly involved with ISIS , which is fighting to establish an Islamic extremist state in parts of Syria and Iraq . The group calls itself the Islamic State but formerly was known as the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . The Daily News report cited officials alleging that Morgan used the moniker Abu Omar al Amreeki to publish tweets in support of ISIS while he spent time in Lebanon . The newspaper quoted federal prosecutor Nadia Moore as saying in court : "  It 's possible that he traffics in guns to people in this organization  ISIS  . " Chief Magistrate Judge Steven Gold denied bond based on the government 's argument , saying the tweets had "  clearly implied to me that he is trying to go to Syria or Iraq , " according to the Daily News . A public defender assigned to represent Morgan said there was no evidence Morgan tried to support ISIS , the Daily News reported . The public defender did n't immediately respond to a request for comment from CNN late Sunday . Morgan is being transferred to Greensboro , North Carolina , to face the weapons charge , court documents show . ISIS recruiting on the rise in Sunni areas of Iraq	Donald Ray Morgan was arrested at New York 's JFK Airport , court documents show A federal grand jury in North Carolina has charged him with illegal weapons possession Prosecutors say he was involved in weapons trafficking in violation of his probation U.S. officials say Morgan made Twitter postings in support of the ISIS terrorist group
CNN  -- Gunmen attacked a nightclub in northern Mexico on Monday night , killing at least nine people , a police spokesman said . The unidentified gunmen entered a nightclub in the city of Monterrey late Monday , opening fire on the staff and clients of the Men 's Club Matehuala , said Jorge Domene , a Nuevo Leon state security spokesman . Among the dead was a man who tried to escape through the roof of the bar and fell to his death into a neighboring establishment , Domene said . Northern Mexico is among the areas most affected by drug cartel violence as police crack down and rival gangs attack one another for control of lucrative smuggling routes .	Gunmen attacked a nightclub in Monterrey , Mexico , on Monday night One victim tried to escape but fell to his death
The IRS filed a tax lien against Vanessa Williams , saying the singer-actress owes the federal government $ 369,249 for her 2011 earnings . The lien was filed at the New York City register office on August 13 , 2014 , according to a document on that website . The publicist for Williams did not immediately respond Wednesday to requests for comment . Williams , 51 , was the first black Miss America , but her reign soon erupted into scandal when nude photos of her appeared in Penthouse magazine . Her career soared in the aftermath , with music , television and Broadway performances that earned her Grammy , Emmy and Tony nominations . A mother of four children , Williams lives in New York . Vanessa Williams reflects on motherhood , struggle and stardom 2013 : Lauryn Hill released from federal prison , singer failed to pay income taxes	Tax lien was filed at the New York County register office on August 13 , 2014 Williams ' publicist did not immediately respond to requests for comment Mother of four lives in New York
Christchurch , New Zealand  CNN  -- The death toll from the 6.3-magnitude earthquake that struck Christchurch this week has risen to 113 , police said Friday morning . More people are feared dead , and more than 200 are still missing , police said . Police Superintendent Dave Cliff told reporters that he had "  grave fears " for the missing and authorities were having difficulty identifying victims because of the condition of the bodies found . The somber announcement came as authorities carried out more house-to-house searches in a desperate hunt for survivors . The quake struck Tuesday , toppling buildings , buckling streets and ripping the facades of iconic churches , including the Christchurch Cathedral and the Cathedral of the Blessed Sacrament . A series of aftershocks followed . Officials said they had given up hope of rescuing at least 100 people who were trapped in the Canterbury TV building in downtown Christchurch . Police said they were "  100 % certain " no one in the building was still alive . Authorities fear that trapped occupants in another structure , the Pyne Gould Corp. . Building , are also dead . Among those missing were 27 Japanese students , Japan 's foreign ministry said . Most of them were students at language schools , and five were on personal study trips . Kento Okuda , a Japanese student who was pulled from the rubble of the Toyoma Foreign Language College , told Japan 's Asahi Shimbun newspaper that he was having lunch on the fourth-floor cafeteria when the floor gave way . As he and others lay trapped under debris , the students shouted out to each other to get a count of how many of them were alive , Okuda told the newspaper . Many of their fellow Japanese students did not respond . But there have some rare rays of hope in the rescue efforts . One was Anne Vos who was rescued Wednesday from the rubble of the Pyne Gould building in the central business district , according to Australian and New Zealand media . Vos was able to call family members from her cell phone while covered by rubble . "  A couple of hours ago , I thought I 'd had it , " she told New Zealand network TV3 Tuesday . "  I thought it was ` Goodbye Anne . ' " Like some 430 people who have been admitted to emergency rooms since the quake , Vos was taken to a hospital to recuperate . Southern New Zealand has been hit by a series of quakes since September 4 when a 7.1-magnitude temblor struck the area . There were no deaths from that quake , which struck deeper below ground and farther away from Christchurch . Tuesday 's earthquake was part of the "  aftershock sequence " from the September earthquake , the U.S. Geological Survey said . CNN 's Anna Coren contributed to this report .	Police say they have "  grave fears " for the missing Rescuers continue house-to-house searches in Christchurch Authorities said more than 200 people are missing
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Stories about Sly Stone usually start with the word "  reclusive . " Sly Stone sometimes takes the stage at Los Angeles clubs with daughter Novena and her group , BabyStone . Do n't call him that anymore , because the superstar who blended funk , rock , soul and psychedelic sounds in the 1960s and '70s before disappearing from the scene in the '80s is not in hiding , his youngest daughter said . Stone 's media shyness in recent decades earned him a comparison to the late billionaire recluse Howard Hughes , but he 's just been living his life and making his music out of the glare of great expectations that superstars suffer . "  It 's not like he was n't making music , " said Novena Carmel , his 27-year-old daughter . "  He was enjoying his life and riding motorcycles , one of his passions . " Now 66 , Sly Stone is talking to interviewers again and sometimes taking the stage at Los Angeles clubs with Novena and her group , BabyStone . "  She is the force that keeps him straight , " said Anthony Valadez , a disc jockey with Los Angeles public radio station KCRW . "  I think it 's her energy and their bond that is so sacred that keeps him in line . That 's what brings Sly out . " The Sly and the Family Stone founder gave a rare interview to KCRW 's "  Morning Becomes Eclectic . " Though it airs Monday , the interview was taped days ahead -- given Stone 's 40-year reputation for not showing up for concerts and interviews . Sly Stone -- who was Sylvester Stewart before changing his name as a radio DJ -- did n't reminisce in the interview about past troubles . Guest host Chris Douridas kept the conversation about the music . He said he was a child , performing in his family 's gospel group , The Stewart Four , when he first realized the power music has over people . It happened as he sang "  On the Battlefield " during a Sam Cooke show at the Oakland Auditorium when he was 4 . "  Towards the end of the song , people starting running down the aisle and I did n't know what was going on , " he said . "  I did n't know what was going on . I did n't know they were just happy . So , I turned around and ran , and I 've been running ever since . " Stone now says he did n't know then where he was heading . "  Where I was is where I was , " he said . Stone wrote his first hit song for someone else . Bobby Freeman made "  Come On and Swim " a Top 10 pop hit in summer 1964 . When he formed Sly and the Family Stone in 1966 , the mix of race and gender was unusual for its time . "  It was on purpose -- that 's what I intended to do , " Stone said . He recruited two white musicians -- drummer Greg Errico and saxophonist Jerry Martini . Though African-American women were mostly used as backup singers back then , Cynthia Robinson played the trumpet . Larry Graham 's revolutionary style of "  slapping " his electric bass guitar strings added to the Family Stone 's groundbreaking sound . The songs appealed to white and blacks equally and regularly topped both the pop and R&B charts . Stone 's lyrics often carried dual meanings . "  Hot Fun in the Summertime " -- released in summer 1969 -- might be a tribute to the fun of summer days to one listener , while another might see satire about the summertime race riots of the late '60s . Stone set the stage for other superstars to follow , but the band dissolved after one hot decade and success became as elusive as Stone . Novena may understand her dad better than anyone these days . She 's lured him back to the stage for several performances , which she avoids calling concerts . With those , "  people expect certain things , " such as wanting performers to be what they were 30 years ago , she said . Instead , it 's the "  Sly Stone Variety Show , " which allows her father "  to do whatever he wants to do in the moment . " "  It 's very wild , in the sense that they have the Sly Stone trivia game onstage with diehard fans , " said Anthony Valadez , who has been to several . The show format is designed "  for him to connect with people and people to connect with him , " his daughter said . Novena also knows to not plan too far ahead with her dad , so he does n't have time to back out . "  If it 's done quickly , then it works , " she said . "  But if he has a tour , then there 's a lot of expectations that you have to meet for everybody to be happy . " "  My dad would be like , ' I wan na do a show as soon as possible , ' " she said . That gives her just about a week to get the show together and promote it . P-funk architect George Clinton and actor-comedian Eddie Murphy showed up for the last one , which was a sold-out celebration of Stone 's 66th birthday . One indication that Stone has changed his no-show habit , which marred his reputation in younger days , is he actually arrives for shows early , Valadez said . "  Coming early to these gigs , you watch Sly and his affection for his daughter and it 's evidence he would do anything for her , " he said . Stone 's complete interview can be heard at KCRW.com .	Stone is talking to interviewers again years after gaining a reputation as a recluse Stone takes the stage with his daughter , Novena , and her group , BabyStone Once known for being a no-show , Stone now shows up for performances early
CNN  Our minds still try to resist the idea that someone is willing to kill another human being because of the words that he or she writes . Yet that is exactly what happened to Avijit Roy , an American citizen hacked to death by men brandishing knives and machetes during a trip to his native Bangladesh . Roy and his wife , Rafida Ahmed Bonya , now in critical condition after also being attacked Thursday , were in Bangladesh to attend the national book fair , where Roy was promoting his books advocating tolerance , education and secular humanism . Why was he killed ? At the time of writing , the perpetrators had not been caught , but there seems little doubt he was killed by Islamist radicals , who were likely angered by his devastatingly critical writings . Just last month he wrote about the Charlie Hebdo killings in Paris and the December 16 massacre in Peshawar , Pakistan , in which Pakistani Taliban opened fire inside a school , killing 145 people , including 132 children . "  To me , " he wrote , "  such religious extremism is like a highly contagious virus . " Roy strongly disagreed with President Barack Obama 's statements distancing the so-called Islamic State from Islam . "  ISIS , " he said , "  is what unfolds when the virus of faith launches into action and the outbreak becomes an epidemic . " His assassination came the same day we learned the identity of the man known as Jihadi John , infamous for narrating in English as Western hostages of ISIS were decapitated . He has been identified as the London-raised , university educated Mohammed Emwazi . Taken together , these two tragedies help shed light on what motivates people to conduct these brutal acts . The revelations about Emwazi 's life story were pieced together with the help of an organization that wants to make us believe Jihadi John 's radicalization is the fault of the British security services , not of a murderous , apocalyptic ideology that helped make 2014 the deadliest year for terrorist attacks on record . According to the Washington Post , which relies partly on information from a group called CAGE , Emwazi was described by some as a perfectly normal young Londoner , showing no signs of becoming the barbaric murderer he is alleged to have become , until security services started harassing him . The problems began , friends referred to in the article would have us believe , when he tried to go on safari to Tanzania with a couple of friends . He was stopped in Tanzania , and according to the article , he claims he was accused of planning to travel to Somalia , where the al Qaeda affiliate al Shabaab has been conducting its reign of terror . An official from CAGE , which is described by the Washington Post as a "  rights group , " described Emwazi as "  extremely kind , extremely gentle , " before Britain 's MI5 started making his life hell for no apparent reason other than that he was a Muslim . It is a misleading interpretation of events , one seemingly aimed at furthering the alleged agenda of CAGE . Indeed , reports suggest that the security services had reason to believe Emwazi was already engaged in supporting Somalia 's al Shabaab before his troubles began . Any "  harassment " he experienced therefore seems more likely to have been because he was regarded as a threat . And that reality seems to get at a very real truth in all this -- people who decapitate journalists , or who hack to death bloggers , or who massacre Shiite Muslims , or set on fire fellow Sunni Muslims do n't do it because the authorities in London were n't kind enough toward them . And the blame for the acts of murderous extremism we are seeing can not be laid at the door of poverty , lack of jobs or anti-Muslim prejudice . As Roy so accurately pointed out , and as his death tragically demonstrates , the culprit is an apocalyptic , ultra-extremist ideology that religiously justifies every atrocity as it seeks to intimidate its foes and impose its vision . Meanwhile , claims that the "  root causes " of Islamist extremism lie in unemployment or prejudice simply serve to derail the campaign to eradicate it . Of course , unemployment and prejudice are ills that must be fought . But they are not what is getting bloggers like Ahmed Rajib Haider -- hacked to death in the streets of Dhaka in 2013 -- killed . And it is not just atheists who are at risk , something that most Muslims fully understand ; these extremists are just as likely to target a Shiite , a moderate Sunni , or anyone else who wants to live in the modern world or who disagrees with their extremist ideas . Still , as an outspoken atheist , Roy knew that his views were putting his life in danger . He wrote about how last year , at the same Dhaka book fair , his book "  The Virus of Faith " quickly rose to the top of the fair 's best-seller list . It was enormously popular , but also "  hit the cranial nerve of Islamic fundamentalists . " That 's when the death threats started pouring in across social media . "  I suddenly found myself a target of militant Islamists and terrorists , " he wrote . In 2014 , local media reported on some of the threats coming out of a local college known as a stronghold of politicized religious extremists . One Facebook post read "  Avijit Roy lives in America and so it is not possible to kill him right now . He will be murdered when he comes back . " And so he was . The Islamist group Ansar Bangla-7 reportedly tweeted after Roy 's killing , "  Target Down here in Bangladesh . " Roy was right about where the threat lies : in a dangerous ideology that takes religious teachings to their most extreme interpretation . He was working to counteract its effects , to open minds . And he understood the one thing that can be so difficult for the rest of us to fully comprehend : that there are people prepared to kill someone else just because of what they believe or what they write . Nothing could be more dangerous to a society , and to the basic rights of all human beings . Roy 's tragic death is the latest reminder of that .	Bangladeshi-American blogger Avijit Roy was killed Thursday Frida Ghitis : Root cause of Islamist extremism is not poverty
CNN  -- The latest in a string of suspicious fires early Thursday destroyed a home in Detroit 's internationally known Heidelberg Project , an installation that transformed decaying homes into works of art . The blaze engulfed "  The Penny House , " a small home adorned with images of pennies , around 3 a.m. , fire officials said . The two-story structure was leveled by the time firefighters arrived . The nonprofit behind that artwork set out to bring new life to Detroit 's crime-ridden East Side and draw attention to the community 's plight . The project was recently featured by CNN 's Anthony Bordain on "  Parts Unknown : Detroit . " In the last two months , Heidelberg Project properties were hit with five fires , which destroyed three of the vacant buildings -- "  Obstruction of Justice , " "  House of Soul " and "  The Penny House , " according to the project . Only four properties remain in the installation , which draws about 300,000 visitors from around the world each year . Detroit Senior Fire Chief Larry Gassel voiced his suspicions about the fires to CNN , saying of the buildings , "  They 're all vacant ; it 's not like it 's wiring . So something is definitely going on there . " Detroit has long battled waves of arson . No arrests have been made in connection with the fires . Heidelberg Project staff said city 's slow emergency response times were partly to blame for the destruction of the buildings . "  It 's kind of our thinking that this individual keeps doing this knows -LSB- because -RSB- he can get away with it , " Katie Hearn , marketing coordinator for Heidelberg Project told CNN . Artist Tyree Guyton created the Heidelberg Project in 1986 , slowly bringing decaying homes back to life with decorations . The group 's annual fundraiser was to be held Thursday night .	Fire destroys fourth house in internationally known Detroit art installation "  The Penny House " was leveled in latest fire at Heidelberg Project "  Something is definitely going on there , " says senior fire chief
Washington  CNN  -- The once ragtag Somalia-based al Qaeda affiliate group known as Al-Shabaab has grown into an economic powerhouse , raising tens of millions of dollars in cash every year from a variety of schemes involving extortion , illegal taxation and other "  fees , " according to a United Nations report . The United States believes the group is closely coordinating with al Qaeda groups in Yemen and may be plotting attacks in the region and abroad . The terrorist group now "  generates between $ 70 million and $ 100 million per year , from duties and fees levied at airports and seaports , taxes on goods and services , taxes in kind on domestic produce , ` jihad contributions , ' checkpoints and various forms of extortion justified in terms of religious obligation , " according to the July 18 report from the U.N. Monitoring Group on Somalia and Eritrea . The group has a long history of hindering humanitarian aid deliveries to millions suffering from drought and famine . In recent months , the U.S. military and the CIA have stepped up covert operations inside Somalia in an effort to counter the growing Al-Shabaab capabilities . One U.S. official says there are now estimates that Al-Shabaab controls up to 1,000 fighters in the country . He declined to be identified due to the sensitivity of the information . "  I would say that the greatest risks right now in East Africa are Al-Shabaab and the violent extremists that they represent , " says General Carter Ham , commander of the U.S. Africa Command . Speaking to his own troops recently , Ham said : "  Even if you do n't think the humanitarian need is compelling enough ... to me there is a security angle to this which affords us an opportunity as a nation , as a collective group of nations , to really take an effort to undermine what Al-Shabaab is trying to do in Somalia . " The Al-Shabaab organization "  presents an increasingly acute regional and international threat , " according to the U.N. report . The monitoring group says despite infighting and some military defeats , "  the economic health of Al-Shabaab is more robust than ever . " Funds are being used to pay for fighters , weapons and ammunition and continued fighting against the fragile Somalia security forces and African Union troops in the country . "  Al-Shabaab is evolving from an armed faction into a lucrative consortium of business interests , both within Somalia and abroad , whose members benefit from cartel-style trading practices , tax breaks and mutual facilitation . Moreover , there are indications that Al-Shabaab trading networks may also be used to camouflage charitable contributions from sympathizers in the Gulf States , " the report reads . Al-Shabaab 's economic growth has emerged largely since October 2009 when it won control of the southern port town of Kismaayo and other nearby ports . The group now generates an estimated $ 35 million to $ 50 million a year from port revenues . Another $ 30 million to $ 60 million a year comes from "  taxes " on businessmen operating in marketplaces in the capitol of Mogadishu and other towns . "  In addition to those taxes on businesses , Al-Shabaab operates a comprehensive web of mobile military checkpoints where transportation operators and passengers are all obliged to pay taxes for free passage , " the report reads . The U.N. report offers extensive details on Al-Shabaab 's arms smuggling operations , as well as what the U.N. says are credible reports of potentially illegal arms shipments coming in by air and sea into southern Somalia and then being shipped to fighters throughout the country . "  During the Ramadan offensive in August and September 2010 , for instance , several lorry loads of arms and ammunition arrived in Mogadishu just days after a consignment of weapons reportedly landed at Kismaayo airport , " it reads . The report also identifies key Al-Shabaab fighters including the one insurgent leader who is "  believed to command an estimated force of between 200 and 500 fighters , " most of whom are from Kenya .	Al-Shabaab reportedly generates between $ 70 million and $ 100 million per year Funds are being used to pay for fighters , weapons and ammunition The U.S. believes the group may be plotting attacks in the region and abroad
CNN  -- Champion cyclist Lance Armstrong said Wednesday the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency intends to "  dredge up discredited " doping allegations against him in a bid to strip him of his seven Tour de France victories . The Washington Post said it received a copy of a 15-page agency letter sent Tuesday to Armstrong and several others . As a result of the allegations , Armstrong was immediately banned from competing in triathlons , a sport he took up after retiring from professional bicycling , the newspaper reported on its website . Armstrong , as he has in the past , said he has never engaged in doping . "  Unlike many of my accusers , I have competed as an endurance athlete for 25 years with no spike in performance , passed more than 500 drug tests and never failed one , " Armstrong said on his website . "  That USADA ignores this fundamental distinction and charges me instead of the admitted dopers says far more about USADA , its lack of fairness and this vendetta than it does about my guilt or innocence . " Justice Department prosecutors in February said they closed a criminal investigation after reviewing allegations against Armstrong . They had called witnesses to a federal grand jury in Los Angeles , but they apparently determined they lacked evidence to bring a charge that Armstrong used performance-enhancing drugs . Armstrong was accused of using such drugs by other riders , but never failed a drug test . "  These are the very same charges and the same witnesses that the Justice Department chose not to pursue after a two-year investigation , " Armstrong said Wednesday . According to the Post , the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency alleged it collected blood samples from Armstrong in 2009 and 2010 that were "  fully consistent with blood manipulation including EPO use and/or blood transfusions . " The allegations were previously unpublicized , according to the Post . Opinion : Why fans should n't forgive Armstrong The letter says Armstrong and five former cycling team associates engaged in a doping conspiracy from 1998 to 2011 , the Post reported . Riders will testify that Armstrong used EPO , blood transfusions , testosterone and masking agents , and that he distributed and administered drugs to other cyclists from 1998 to 2005 , the Post quoted the letter as saying . In a statement obtained by CNN , U.S. Anti-Doping Agency CEO Travis T. Tygart said the five other people , formerly associated with the U.S. Postal Service pro cycling team , are three team doctors and two team officials . The letter included written notice of alleged anti-doping rule violations , Tygart said "  USADA only initiates matters supported by the evidence , " Tygart said . "  We do not choose whether or not we do our job based on outside pressures , intimidation or for any reason other than the evidence . " All named individuals are presumed innocent until proven otherwise , he added . His statement did not mention anything about Armstrong 's status as a triathlete . According to its website , the quasi-government agency is recognized as the official anti-doping agency for Olympic , Pan American and Paralympic events in the United States . Armstrong lashed out at the organization , saying it has "  self-written rules " and that it punishes first and adjudicates the facts later . Armstrong has been dogged by allegations of drug abuse in recent years , with compatriot Floyd Landis -- who was found guilty of doping in the 2006 Tour de France , resulting in him being stripped of the title -- making a series of claims last year . Armstrong came out fighting once again in May 2011 in the face of fresh allegations made on the CBS News "  60 Minutes " show by another American , Tyler Hamilton . In the CBS interview , Hamilton -- who retired in 2009 after twice testing positive himself -- says he first saw Armstrong use blood boosting substance EPO in 1999 , the year of his first Tour de France victory . "  I saw it in his refrigerator , " Hamilton told the American news program . "  I saw him inject it more than one time like we all did , like I did many , many times . " On his Twitter page , Armstrong at the time said he never failed a drug test . Ex-teammate : I saw Lance Armstrong inject banned substances CNN 's Terry Frieden and Jason Durand contributed to this report .	Anti-doping agency investigating Lance Armstrong , five others Armstrong says the agency is on a vendetta Agency says it only initiates matters "  supported by the evidence "
London  CNN  -- In the years leading up to 2011 , several celebrities , royals and politicians had claimed to have had their phones hacked by News of The World . The paper 's royal editor and a private investigator had even been convicted of intercepting phone messages and spent time in prison . The story was covered on the inside pages of selected newspapers but failed to really capture the British public 's attention . That all changed in July of that year when the Guardian reported that police suspected the cellphone of murdered teenager Milly Dowler had been hacked by News of the World and that messages had been deleted to free up space for new voicemail . The allegations sparked outrage : amid condemnation from politicians on all sides of the spectrum , the paper 's boss Rupert Murdoch closed down the 168-year-old tabloid newspaper and paid Dowler 's parents and charities more than $ 4 million in compensation . At a parliamentary inquiry into the allegations , Murdoch declared : "  This is the most humble day of my life . " Timeline of phone-hacking scandal When Milly 's parents appeared at the Leveson Inquiry set up by the government to investigate press ethics , they gave a raw assessment of the false hope that the deletion of messages had raised in the days after their daughter 's disappearance in March 2002 . "  I rang her phone , " recalled Sally Dowler . "  It clicked through on to her voicemail , so I heard her voice and it was just like , ` she 's picked up her voicemail , she 's alive . ' " Tragically , those hopes were dashed and six months later Milly 's body was found in woodland in Hampshire in southern England . Although it was suspected that the deletion of the messages hampered the police investigation , the truth may have been more prosaic : later that year a lawyer acting for the country 's biggest force , the Metropolitan Police , said there was no evidence News of the World had been responsible for deleting the messages . The Guardian issued a clarification , but the damage had been done to News of the World and Murdoch 's reputation . Whatever took place , the fact remains that it took police nine years to bring nightclub bouncer Levi Bellfield to justice . In June 2011 he was found guilty of murdering Milly Dowler and sentenced to life imprisonment . During the trial the jury was told Bellfield had previously murdered two other women and attempted to kill a fourth . So who was the girl whose murder in a quiet suburb of southwest London led to the closure of the UK 's top-selling paper , suspicions of collusion between police officers and journalists , and at one time even threatened to topple Murdoch from the media group he had led for half a century ? The scandal also led to charges being brought against several Murdoch employees , including two of Prime Minister David Cameron 's friends . Press dishes it out , but can it take it ? Despite her extraordinary legacy , by most accounts Amanda Dowler , who was known as Milly , was a normal , bright 13-year-old schoolgirl who had a good relationship with her parents and elder sister Gemma . Her friends testified during Bellfield 's trial in London that she had a sunny personality and was her normal self on the day of her disappearance . "  She was one of the funniest people I had ever met , " Danielle Sykes said in a statement . "  She would always be trying to make people laugh , joking and smiling . "  She was one of those sort of people that when she was happy she was exceptionally happy , an infectious personality . If she was sad about something she would be particularly sad and get upset . She valued her friendships and family a lot . " Sykes , who was one of the last people to see Milly alive , said she ate chips with her friend in a cafÃ © in Walton-on-Thames after school . "  We parted and I gave her a hug and asked if she would be alright walking home on her own and she said , ` Yeah , I 'll be absolutely fine . ' "  I then turned around and shouted back at her ' I would not tell anyone what we had been talking about . ' " Sykes added that they had been discussing a boy whom Milly fancied . After the friends parted , Milly started to walk to her home nearby , but was snatched by Bellfield as she walked along a road . Milly 's sister also told the court she knew instinctively something was wrong when she returned home to find the house empty . She said : "  I knew Milly would n't go out without telling Mum or Dad . I rang Milly 's mobile . It was switched off so I left a message on her answer phone telling her to come home because Dad was really annoyed . "  I was worried because Milly would always ring to tell us she was going to be late . It was so unusual for her not to be home on time . I knew instinctively something bad had happened to Milly and that she had been abducted . " Milly 's disappearance sparked a nationwide search involving more than 100 police officers and a reconstruction of her last movements on the TV program "  Crimewatch . " Detectives from Surrey police however suggested she had not been taken by force and had run away . Some friends indeed portrayed a different side to Milly , suggesting she had been "  distressed " at the time of disappearance , after finding bondage pornography belonging to her father Robert . Police initially considered him a suspect , but later apologized . In a statement read to the court , Jacqueline Pignolly said : "  Milly told me some pornographic magazines had been found in her Dad 's drawer . "  At the time Milly was a bit upset about it , not much for herself but her mum . I know that Milly did see them and there was more than one of them . " During the trial Bellfield 's lawyers used this testimony , along with a "  goodbye " note that Milly had written to her parents and a poem in which she said "  I hate myself , " to paint a picture of the teenager as unhappy and distressed . His tactics caused great distress to the family , but the jury failed to believe his plea of innocence . Geoffrey Wansell , the author of a book on Bellfield , "  The Bus Stop Killer , " told CNN that in the wake of the 2011 trial , during which the Dowlers were pilloried by the tabloids over the pornography revelations , the family grew to loathe the press . It was in this atmosphere that the revelation was made about the hacking of Milly 's phone , which became , according to Wansell , "  the defining moment from which News of the World could not recover . " "  I do n't think it 's as simple as the fact that Milly Dowler 's phone was hacked and that led to the end of the News of the World . I think there are more layers to the story than that , and we may never know what actually happened . "	Police said in 2011 that Milly Dowler 's voicemail hacked by News of the World Dowler was 13-year-old murdered by Levi Bellfield in southwest London Milly described in court as funny and bright girl with normal family life But she was troubled to have discovered her father 's pornography recently
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The lesbian daughter of a Hong Kong tycoon who has offered millions of dollars to any man who can win her heart is asking him to come to terms with her sexuality . "  As your daughter , I would want nothing more than to make you happy , " Gigi Chao writes to her father , Cecil , in an open letter published Wednesday in two local newspapers . "  But in terms of relationships , your expectations of me and the reality of who I am , are not coherent . " Cecil Chao , a wealthy real estate developer , made headlines around the world in 2012 when he offered 500 million Hong Kong dollars  roughly $ 65 million  to any man who succeeded in marrying his daughter . The only requirement is that the man "  loves my daughter , and she loves him , " he said at the time . He proposed the multimillion dollar dowry after it emerged that Gigi Chao and her longtime female partner , Sean Eav , had their relationship blessed in a church ceremony in Paris . His refusal to accept the relationship leaped back into the news in Hong Kong this month after a Malaysian newspaper that interviewed him reported that he might be willing to double his dowry offer . Men are ` just not for me ' The renewed media glare appears to have prompted Gigi Chao , 34 , to pen her heartfelt letter . She confirmed to CNN that she wrote it . "  I am sorry that people have been saying insensitive things about you lately , " she writes to her father , stressing that she "  will always forgive you for thinking the way you do , because I know you think you are acting in my best interests . " She says she takes responsibility for some of her father 's misplaced expectations . When he first announced the huge dowry in 2012 , she said at the time she found it "  quite entertaining . " But now she appears to be setting the record straight . "  I 'm sorry to mislead you to think I was only in a lesbian relationship because there was a shortage of good , suitable men in Hong Kong , " she writes . "  There are plenty of good men , they are just not for me . " Plea to accept partner She says that she felt "  an indescribable discomfort " in the presence of boyfriends she had in the past . But with 46-year-old Eav , she says she is "  comfortable and satisfied with my life and completely at ease with her . " Her 77-year-old father has never married , earning a reputation for appearing on the pages of local newspapers and magazines in the arms of beautiful women . He once reportedly bragged of having had 10,000 girlfriends . Gigi Chao says in her letter that she regrets that her father has "  no idea how happy I am with my life . " She also urges him to try to accept her female partner . "  It would mean the world to me if you could just not be so terrified of her , and treat her like a normal , dignified human being , " she writes . CNN 's Anjali Tsui and Tim Schwarz contributed to this report .	Gigi Chao writes an open letter to her father that is published in local papers In 2012 , he offered a huge dowry to any man who married her A Malaysian newspaper reported this month that he is willing to double the offer But his daughter urges him to accept her sexuality and her longtime female partner
CNN  -- A Jacksonville , Arkansas , man has been charged in connection with attacks on the power grid in a rural area of the state , the U.S. Justice Department said Saturday . Jason Woodring , 37 , was arrested on a federal criminal complaint charging him with destruction of an energy facility , the Justice Department said . Woodring is accused of carrying out multiple acts of sabotage , targeting high-voltage power lines and a substation over a period of months , that knocked out power to thousands , the agency said . Woodring was arrested Saturday after authorities found evidence similar to those used at one of the sabotage sites , authorities said . "  Interviews were conducted and information from these interviews was connected to previous grid attacks resulting in the arrest of Woodring , " according to a statement released by the the U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Arkansas . Woodring is expected to make his first court appearance on Tuesday . Federal authorities began investigating the reports of sabotage on August 21 after someone brought down one of multistate utility Entergy 's high-voltage transmission lines in Cabot . That was followed by fire set at a control house at a substation in Keo , about 25 miles south of Cabot , on September 29 , the FBI said . The FBI has said investigators suggested the perpetrator in the August attack had "  above-average " electrical skills . In the August incident , someone attempted to use a cable to catch a moving train to bring down the tower , Entergy spokeswoman Julie Muntsell said . The perpetrator also removed bolts from the base of the 100-foot tower , contributing to its downfall , she said . In the substation fire , the suspected arsonist left behind a message : "  You should have expected U.S. " was inscribed on a control panel , the bureau reported . The FBI said removing bolts from the tower "  would have created substantial noise " during the early-morning incident , the FBI said in a written statement . On October 5 , power was knocked out to thousands of people after someone cut into , then used a tractor to pull down , two electrical poles in Cabot . The power lines were owned by First Electric Cooperative . CNN 's Scott Thompson and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	Jason Woodring , 37 , was arrested Saturday by federal authorities Woodring is accused of carrying out three attacks on the grid over three months , authorities say He is expected to make his first court appearance on Tuesday
CNN  -- Though he told authorities that the devil made him do it , Satanists disapproved , after a man allegedly shattered a stone copy of the Ten Commandments last week . The man is accused of running his car on Friday into a controversial 6-foot-tall granite tablet of the Biblical edicts erected near Oklahoma City 's Capitol , CNN affiliate KFOR reported . He then left his car standing , along with the monument , which -- as photos showed -- was smashed asunder through the second commandment : "  Thou shalt not take the Name of the Lord thy God in vain . " He walked into the Federal Building on foot , where he made threats against President Obama and the federal government , KFOR reported , citing U.S. Secret Service agents . The man told the agents that the devil made him wreck the religious monument , which was placed at the capital in late 2012 . He also said that he was mentally ill and had stopped taking his medication . He has been detained at a mental health facility for evaluation . Condemnation came quickly from two sources that have railed against the monument -- the ACLU of Oklahoma and the Satanic Temple . The ACLU filed suit last year against the presence of the monument on state property , and on Friday , said that it would keep fighting for its removal , because it feels it it violates the Constitution . But organization was also "  outraged at this apparent act of vandalism . " "  The Ten Commandments constitute a strong foundation in our clients ' deeply held religious beliefs , " the Oklahoma ACLU said in a statement . The Satanic Temple has demanded to have a monument of its own erected next to the Judeo-Christian one . And it still wants it , but "  only alongside the 10 Commandments , " it said in a statement posted by KFOR . "  If our monument stands at the state Capitol , we want it to compliment and contrast the Ten Commandments , with both standing unmolested as a testament to American religious freedom and tolerance . " The Satanists could well have that wish fulfilled , but only in part . Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin has vowed to have the Ten Commandments monument rebuilt . .	A man allegedly rams his car into a Ten Commandments monument The 6-foot granite copy of the Biblical edicts has drawn criticism from a civil rights group The ACLU still wants the monument gone -- but legally ; it condemns the apparent vandalism The Satanic Temple also condemned the monument 's destruction as violation of free speech
CNN  -- Pigeons and mole rats are some of the stars of his stories . To a nation of toddlers , they are heroes . Children 's author Mo Willems has written more than 40 books , and he 's at it again . Willems , who started as a writer and animator on "  Sesame Street , " draws animals who are n't usually associated with starring roles . He depicts deep desires that he says all children -- and adults -- share . In "  Do n't Let the Pigeon Drive the Bus ! " a bird pleads with readers to let him steer when a bus driver takes a break . His latest star is a fat goose in a story called "  That is Not a Good Idea ! " which also features a fox and a big bowl of soup . Willems is a novelty in his industry because he illustrates most of the stories he writes . Many of his books are fixtures on the shelves of children ages 5 and under . His name appears often on New York Times best-seller lists of children 's picture books . Young readers might also be familiar with the misadventures of Knuffle Bunny , a stuffed animal who is loved and lost in a series of books . Like all of Willems ' protagonists , the bunny is easy for young fans to draw . Willems , who lives in Massachusetts , welcomes his fans ' attempts to doodle their own versions of his characters . He told CNN how he creates classic children 's tales from a garden of ideas , and encourages copyright infringement from his young fans . Below is an edited transcript . CNN : How did you come up with the notion that every 2-year-old wants to drive a bus ? Willems : If you had an opportunity to drive a bus , would you do that ? I mean , it 's primal . It 's absolutely primal . Have you ever walked by a bus and the bus driver is n't in it ? I mean you really have to pull all of your power not to just jump in . We do n't go , because we know we 're going to get arrested , or we 'll be late for work , and it 'll be bad on our credit score . But if all that stuff disappeared , and you walked by a running bus without a driver in it , you would get in that bus . CNN : Have you seen some of your fans drawing the pigeon ? Willems : Oh yes . Absolutely . I love it . I get a box every month filled with  letters from  kids infringing on my copyright . It is a legalistic nightmare , and a complete joy . And I post on my blog my favorites . But I just love it . I started out drawing Charlie Brown and Snoopy . And then I would have my own characters interacting with them . When I start seeing kids draw their characters interacting with the pigeon , you see that the creative crutch is going away , and that they 're really becoming authors . For me , it 's so important to doodle and draw . In my house , every night at dinner we have a big piece of paper that we put on our dining room table as our tablecloth and we doodle . I fear that grownups just do n't doodle anymore . There is a day in everybody 's life when they realize that they 're not going to be a professional basketball player and they 're not going to be a professional cartoonist . It 's usually the same week . But people keep playing basketball . And they stop drawing . And I just think that that 's such a waste . CNN : What inspires you ? Willems : I 'm very lucky to write for children , because I do n't have to deal with popular culture . I can just deal with core fundamental issues : jealousy , love , hatred , sadness , joy , wanting to drive a bus . The fundamental core emotional things . And just asking questions like , ` How do you know when you 're in control ? What is a friend ? What are relationships between people ? ' These are all things that I have n't figured out yet . I 'm very lucky in that I do n't understand the world yet . If I understood the world , it would be harder for me to write these books . CNN : How do you create a timeless tale ? Willems : That 's a tough question . Besides dumb luck , I 'm not sure . I do have a couple of rules that I place for myself in my books . The first is a mantra , which is : Always think of your audience , but never think for your audience . What that means is to leave it open to interpretation . I 'm not telling things , I 'm asking questions . And I 'm asking questions that I do n't necessarily have the answers to . The other formal thing that I do is that I make sure that the characters in my books -- in this  ` That Is Not a Good Idea ! '  case , the chicks in particular -- are characters that a 4 - or a 5-year-old can draw : infringe on my copyright with great ease . So a lot of my design work is reductive . I make drawings , then I try to take as many lines out , so that it 's at its easiest to copy . CNN : Which comes first : the characters or the ideas ? Willems : It all depends . A lot of people think of ideas as objects , or animals that you hunt . You go into the woods , you find an idea , you capture it and you bring it home . And ideas really are more like gardens . And every day , you 're planting lots and lots of ideas . Some of them get eaten by birds , and never go anywhere . Some of them grow up to be really horrible things . Some wither and die . Every now and then , over time , some idea grows up to be big and beautiful and filled with fruit . You can cut that down and burn it for profit . So it 's an evolution . CNN : What was the inspiration for your latest book ? Willems : I think this one is about the question of : ` What is control ? ' And also about pacing , and suspense , and being helpless . In ` Do n't Let the Pigeon Drive the Bus ! ' you yell ` No ! ' and you change the situation . The pigeon does n't get to drive the bus because you yelled no . In this , you 're yelling , ` That 's not a good idea ! ' but it 's still going to happen . You 're seeing that truck wreck about to occur . It 's about trying to change the world , and maybe not being able to . I do n't know . I do n't know what it 's about . And you know what ? Frankly , it 's not my job . My job is to make the book . You guys figure out the meaning . Come back to me , you tell me what it 's about . CNN : What made you want to transition from television into writing children 's books ? Willems : Books have a lot more space for the individual . I 'm very interested in things like failure , which most television executives do n't think is a theme that they want to have . And just on a technical level , my books can be small . They can be long . They can be tall . A television is always the same size . I can be much more individual . "  That is Not a Good Idea ! " is released April 23 .	Mo Willems ' new book , "  That Is Not a Good Idea ! " comes out April 23 Willems : "  If you had an opportunity to drive a bus , would you do that ? " The former "  Sesame Street " writer and animator has written more than 40 books for kids Willems loves to see his fans draw his characters
CNN  -- A firefighter in Coatesville , Pennsylvania , was arrested Monday in connection with two recent arson incidents , authorities said . Coatesville has recorded more than 20 arson cases in 2009 . Robert Tracey is held in two of the fires . Robert Tracey , 37 , was taken into custody Monday afternoon for allegedly setting two fires Friday night , Chester County District Attorney Joe Carroll said . Coatesville has been hit by a string of arsons in recent months and although the arson task force investigating those cases made Monday 's arrest , officials did not link the arrest to any other arson cases . The criminal complaint against Tracey lists nine charges stemming from a fire set to a homeowner 's porch swing and a fire set in another homeowner 's trash can . The fires , both Friday night , were extinguished before any serious damage was done , authorities said . No injuries were reported . Carroll said eyewitness accounts , including descriptions of the suspect 's clothes , helped lead to the arrest . Carroll said the arrest of a firefighter was "  extremely troubling . " He said the arson task force is working diligently to solve the arson cases and that "  there is no more important investigation " to his office . On January 23 , Tracey , who was then an assistant chief of volunteer firefighters in Coatesville , told CNN affiliate WPVI that fighting multiple fires was "  really taxing the fire department . " Tracey recently became a paid firefighter with the department , according to Carroll . Tracey was jailed with bond set at $ 2 million , Carroll said . He is expected to be arraigned March 30 , according to Carroll . Tracey is the third person arrested this year in connection with arsons in Coatesville , which has recorded more than 20 arson cases so far in 2009 .	Robert Tracey , 37 , arrested for allegedly setting two fires Friday night String of arsons investigated in Coatesville ; Tracey not linked to others Tracey recently became a paid firefighter with Coatesville department
Nina Osegueda was 19 years old , 5 feet tall and around 180 pounds when she remembers her boyfriend saying the thing no boyfriend is supposed to say : "  You know , you 'd look better if you lost weight . " "  No duh , " she thought . Like many teenage girls , it was nothing she had n't thought to herself , every hour of every day . In Osegueda 's case , she said she knew she was overweight and just figured she 'd always be that way . "  He was the tall , blonde , skinny type of guy who had no idea what it was like to be a short , Latina , chubby teenage girl , " Osegueda wrote on CNN iReport . "  I shopped in the ` missus ' section of Macy 's and felt like an old lady at 19 , trying to fit into ` mom jeans , ' thinking that crying in the dressing room was totally normal and how I was supposed to live . " It was the summer of 2003 . It was n't that Osegueda , who wore a size 16 in most clothes , ate so much -- she just ate all the wrong things . Convenience store junk food , meals at McDonald 's , big family dinners heavy on pasta , rice and bread , and doughnuts on Saturdays before soccer games or swim meets . It was how all her friends ate too , and half of them were skinny . "  I 'm just made to be bigger , " she would tell herself . "  I 'm just built this way . " She did n't think it would work , but when that tall , skinny boyfriend of hers suggested she lose weight , she felt obligated to try . "  But how ? " she asked . He told her his mom had lost a bunch of weight on the high-protein , low-carbohydrate Atkins Diet . It seemed easy enough . She cut out carbs and switched to meals consisting of mostly meat and vegetables ; cut all soda and juice , and drank only water and unsweetened tea . Upwave : Try it now ! Fill half your plate with fruit and vegetables "  Though it was difficult to explain to my family that I could n't eat tortillas or plantains for a while , they were supportive of my goals , " she wrote . Each night in her room , she exercised to belly-dancing workout tapes she picked up at the mall . A year later , she had lost 60 pounds . She sported a 27-inch waist , an hour-glass figure and a new aura of self confidence . "  I might never be the skinny Barbie-doll figure I had in mind , but neither would I allow myself to fall into bad habits that would make me think less of myself . I finally could shop in the ` normal ' sections of the stores , though it never became any less surprising to find myself looking for clothes marked Medium , " Osegueda wrote . "  Here I was , in college , feeling healthier and happier than I ever had in my entire life , with the realization that I had the power to do whatever I put my mind to . " And the guy ? "  It probably wo n't surprise anyone that I broke up with the boyfriend . " She reached an all-time low of 125 pounds by the time she finished college in 2005 ; she currently weighs 130 pounds and wears a 6 or 8 dress size . Osegueda , 30 , now lives in Gaithersburg , Maryland . She got married , became a graphic designer and tours as a heavy metal vocalist with the band A Sound of Thunder . Her legal name is Balvina Austin , but she kept Nina Osegueda , the name she grew up with , as her stage name . The low-carbohydrate diet is her way of life . A typical day consists of two scrambled eggs with spinach for breakfast ; a salad with tuna and oil and vinegar for lunch ; some cheese , pickles or cucumbers for snacks ; and some kind of protein and vegetable for dinner . "  I know that to sustain my weight I have to keep foods heavy in carbohydrates like cookies and cupcakes to ` treat ' status . ... Sometimes events like birthdays and holidays crowd each other , and I find myself eating treats more often than I should , " she said . "  It can be difficult when all of my friends are doing it , so I have to make sure to work out extra hard to make up for the extra carbohydrates . " Osegueda works out three to four times a week to make sure she 's fit for the stage . "  Not only has my weight improved , but so has my stamina , " she said . "  My dream now is to be able to run around the stage with the energy of  Iron Maiden lead singer  Bruce Dickinson until I 'm too old to scream . Until then , heavy metal is my life , and the demons associated with my weight are the enemies I will never let conquer my brain , ever again . "	Nina Osegueda lost 65 pounds after high school She stuck to a low-carb , high-protein diet She 's now 30 and the weight has stayed off She dumped the boyfriend who suggested she lose weight
CNN  -- Ian Poulter struck a flawless round of 60 to seize the lead at the halfway stage of the Hong Kong Open . The Englishman 's ten-under-par round was a career best and catapulted him to the top of the leaderboard on 13-under -- one shot in front of American Anthony Kang , who hit a 61 . Northern Ireland 's Rory McIlroy looked to be on course for a share of the lead until he tarnished his superb round with a double bogey at the last . But it was Poulter who led the way with ten birdies , including five in a row from hole seven . The 34-year-old hit some sparkling shots , including an approach to within three feet on the 11th , a 15 foot birdie putt on 13 and a 12-foot putt at the next . Despite his stellar performance , the European Ryder Cup star still felt he could have got under the 60 barrier . "  It is one of those courses where if you can get off to a good start you really feel you can shoot a good number , " he told the European Tour website . "  I had five birdies from the seventh and as soon as that happened I felt there were plenty of chances coming in . I am happy but slightly disappointed . " Poulter 's Ryder Cup teammate McIlroy should have hit the summit but after five birdies and an eagle , he dropped two shots at the last after finding a bunker and then water to sit on 11-under . McIlroy said : "  The great thing about this golf course is the front nine is a bit tricky and the back nine offers you chances . "  You have to make yourself stay patient . It 's only Friday , and I had to keep myself under control out there . "  He  Poulter  is playing very well and he 'll be tough to beat this week . I 'll just have to go out this weekend and try and play really well . " Kang smashed in nine birdies in his round , while U.S. Open winner Graeme McDowell is on ten-under after a five-under round of 65 . He is battling to overtake Martin Kaymer in the European Tour 's Race to Dubai standings before next week 's season-ending Dubai World Championships . He said : "  It is tough not to get frustrated with this golf course because you feel you should birdie every hole . You have got to make yourself stay patient . "	Ian Poulter shoots a second round 60 to lead the Hong Kong Open Englishman fires ten birdies in a career best round to lead on 13-under American Anthony Kang shoots 61 to sit one shot behind Poulter Rory McIlroy was on course for a share of the lead before a double bogey on the 18th
CNN  The estimated number of people killed in eastern Ukraine since April 2014 now exceeds 6,000 "  in spite of successive ceasefires , " the UN Human Rights Office announced in a statement on Monday . The escalation in fighting in recent weeks , particularly near Donetsk airport and in the Debaltseve area , resulted in hundreds of deaths , both civilian and military , according to a new report . The report paints a picture of "  merciless devastation of civilian lives and infrastructure , " said UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein . He called for all sides to adhere to the Minsk agreement , which calls for a ceasefire in many of the conflict 's hotspots . The fighting has inflicted extreme humanitarian hardship on civilians . "  Many have been trapped in conflict zones , forced to shelter in basements , with hardly any drinking water , food , heating , electricity or basic medical supplies , " Zeid said in a statement . The notion that civilians remained in the conflict zone of their own will is "  misguided , " he said . "  Many people stay because they fear for their lives if they try to move . Many others stay to protect children , other family members , or their property . And some are forced to stay against their will , or are simply physically unable to leave , " Zeid said . A series of terror attacks in Mariupol , as well as in Kharkiv and Odesa , which are outside of the conflict zone , have set a bad precedent , he said . "  Should this trend continue , this would represent a new and very deadly chapter in this conflict , expanding the areas where the rule of law and the protection of human rights are effectively absent , " Zeid said . The UN arrived at the new estimated death toll of over 6,000 by tallying 5,809 documented deaths and assessing that many more must have been killed in recent fighting in other areas , particularly Donetsk airport and around Debaltseve .	Fighting in recent weeks at Donetsk airport and in Debaltseve has killed hundreds , UN says Civilians who have n't left often do n't for fear of being killed , if they try to move
New York  CNN  -- A 111-year-old New Yorker who had been certified as the oldest man in the world has died . Alexander Imich died Sunday morning at a senior residence in Manhattan , his niece , Karen Bogen , confirmed to CNN . Imich was certified as the oldest man in the world this April by the Gerontology Research Group of Torrance , California . "  He was remarkable , " Bogen said . "  He was so independent until very recently , and he just had an incredible curiosity about life . " Imich was born in Poland on February 4 , 1903 , according to a longtime friend in New York , Michael Mannion . He and his wife , Wela , fled Poland when the Nazis took over , survived a labor camp in Russia and in 1951 moved to the United States , Mannion said . His wife , who was a prolific artist and therapist in New York , died in 1986 , according to Bogen . "  His apartment was filled with her artwork , " she said . They had no children . Mannion told CNN that when Imich learned he was the oldest man in the world , he "  enjoyed the attention . " "  It was his work that he was most proud of , and he was happiest when the attention included his scientific work , " Mannion said . Despite a doctorate in zoology , Imich 's passion was investigating paranormal activity , Mannion said . He detailed his encounters with the supernatural in "  Incredible Tales of the Paranormal , " a journal that was published when he was 92 . While Imich 's lengthy life can be attributed to diet , exercise and nutrition , Mannion says his great passion and curiosity for life were the real keys to his longevity . "  He had such an ability to turn adversity into something positive . That intense curiosity was there until the last days , " said Mannion , who had visited Imich the night before he died . A 116-year-old Japanese woman , Misao Okawa , is the world 's oldest living person , according to the Gerontology Research Group . The title of world 's oldest man now goes to Sakari Momoi , also of Japan , who was born just a day after Imich in 1903 , the group said . Live to 100 : Numbers of centenarians has doubled	111-year-old New Yorker certified as the oldest man in the world died Sunday Alexander Imich was a published author with a doctorate in zoology He fled Poland when the Nazis took over , survived labor camp in Russia before moving to the U.S. Sakari Momoi , 111 , of Japan is now the oldest man in the world
Washington  CNN  -- On the day he shot President Ronald Reagan , 25-year-old John Hinckley Jr. left in his hotel room a letter addressed to young actress Jodie Foster , with whom he was infatuated . The letter began : "  Dear Jodie . There is a definite possibility I will be killed in my attempt to get Reagan . " See letters Hinckley sent to Foster But on March 30 , 1981 , Hinckley survived . His gun empty after he fired six shots at the president in less than two seconds , Hinckley was tackled by police and Secret Service agents . He was rushed away and all but disappeared into custody for the past three decades . On Wednesday , a federal judge will begin a week and half of hearings on whether Hinckley eventually should be released from the mental hospital where he has been a patient since his 1982 trial ended in a jury verdict of not guilty by reason of insanity . Doctors at St. Elizabeth Hospital , a federal mental facility in Washington , have petitioned the court for approval to grant Hinckley convalescent leave if all goes well in series of extended visits to his mother 's home . Hinckley is now 56 , his hair turning gray . In the last court hearing two years ago , U.S. District Judge Paul Friedman acknowledged hospital doctors ' testimony that his mental problems were in remission . The court has steadily granted Hinckley greater freedoms over the years . The government 's response for the hearing describes Hinckley as "  a man capable of great violence " and argues that there are still concerns "  that this violence may be repeated . " His mother , JoAnn Hinckley , a widow who is now 85 but in good health , lives in a gated resort development near the James River in historic Williamsburg , Virginia . Hinckley has been allowed several visits in recent years . A next-door neighbor , signing as T. Richardson , wrote a month ago in a letter to the editor of the local newspaper , The Virginia Gazette , that upon moving in during the 1980s , Mrs. Hinckley phoned to say that "  They would never bring John to Williamsburg . " Yet , the letter writer said , Hinckley had been allowed to roam the streets alone on long walks during those recent visits . Hinckley 's proposed release , the writer concluded , "  is not terribly reassuring to me living next door . " Much of the eight-day hearing will involve contrasting testimony from psychiatrists on either side , as did Hinckley 's trial . Hinckley did not testify then , and whether he will do so this time remains in dispute . The U.S. attorney 's office has told the judge that if Hinckley does take the stand at the hearing , it wants the right to question him . Hinckley 's lawyer , Barry S. Levine , replied that Hinckley will testify only if the judge does not allow any cross-examination . The hospital motion for Hinckley 's eventual release was filed under seal , unavailable to the public . However , in answering that , the government said the motion proposes a series of eight new visits of 17 to 24 days each to Hinckley 's mother 's home . After that , the government said , the hospital wants "  the sole discretion to place Hinckley on convalescent leave " and to do so "  without any further review by this court . " No immediate decision is expected during the court hearing . In the past , the judge has taken some time before issuing a written ruling . Hinckley came within an inch of killing Reagan : That 's how close the last bullet came to penetrating the president 's heart . The president lost half his blood supply as his left lung was flooded . Had the Secret Service not gotten Reagan to a hospital within minutes , doctors said , he might well have died . Watch agent show where bullets struck the presidential limo Hinckley wounded a police officer , a Secret Service agent and Press Secretary James Brady before his sixth and final shot ricocheted off the presidential limousine and struck Reagan beneath his left armpit as agents shoved him into the back seat of the vehicle . Brady , shot in the head , survived against the odds but was so severely injured he was never able to return to his White House duties . Hinckley had left numerous letters and notes for Foster , a freshman at Yale University , after seeing her in a breakthrough role as a child prostitute in the movie "  Taxi Driver . " One of his last notes , shoved under her dorm door a few weeks before he shot Reagan , echoed a line from that movie : "  Just wait . I 'll rescue you soon . " The day after the shooting , Foster said she did not even know who Hinckley was .	Letter by mother 's neighbor expresses unease about possible release After John Hinckley shot Reagan , he was found not guilty by reason of insanity Hearing may determine whether to eventually free him from mental hospital Hinckley doctors : He 's in remission ; federal doctors : he 's "  capable of great violence "
CNN  -- Each week African Voices brings you inspiring and compelling profiles of Africans across the continent and around the world . Now , we want to hear from you . Let us know which African you most admire , and why . Your comments could end up on a future episode of African Voices . There are some obvious choices -- Nobel Prize winners such as Nelson Mandela and Desmond Tutu , who have tirelessly fought for human rights , or those like Wangari Maathai , who have helped change attitudes towards the environment . But the African you admire need n't be a politician or activist . They could be an artist , author , athlete or musician , who has inspired or moved you in some way . They need n't even be famous . How about someone you work with , a neighbor or family member , who is doing what they can to help make their country or community a better place ? So let us know which Africans you most admire , and why , by leaving a comment below . Your comments could end up on a future episode of African Voices ...	We want to know which Africans you most admire It could be a politician , activist , artist , or even your neighbor Let us know by leaving a comment below the story
It 's carnival season , that pre-Lent period of collective frenzy that celebrates overindulgence and transgression before Ash Wednesday ushers in a more sober time of prayer , penance and abstention in the weeks leading up to Easter . But the roots of carnival are both older and newer than the Christian traditions that started in Europe and have spread with colonialism throughout much of the world . Ancient Greek and Roman pagan rituals as well as the folklore , music and dance of colonized peoples have forged colorful expressions of each country 's respective history and cultures . Creative disguises and parody are characteristic of carnival in many countries , which historically gave oppressed and marginalized groups the opportunity to subvert norms of class , race and gender . Here are some of the most dazzling carnival celebrations around the world . New Orleans  January 6 - March 4 As winter drags into March , the Big Easy will explode into a cacophony of color , music and dance . Carnival started here January 6 , but it 's the weekend before Mardi Gras , or Fat Tuesday  March 4  , that has become the biggest street party in the United States . Contrary to reputation , carnival here is largely a family friendly affair , with the most authentic events taking place far from the rum-soaked , topless naughtiness of the French Quarter . If you 're looking to experience the unique traditions of New Orleans ' carnival , you need to find the "  krewes , " neighborhood social clubs that organize their own parades , complete with flashy floats and their own carnival king and queen . Be sure to bring bags to catch the "  throws " -- beads , stuffed animals and other trinkets that are tossed to the crowd . Information about parade schedules , routes and other carnival events and history is available online , although routes are subject to change up until the day of the parade . New Orleans also illustrates the story of carnival throughout the New World : Groups that were initially excluded from the festivities , especially people of African descent , created their own parallel celebrations , which over time flourished and became fundamental features of carnival . In New Orleans , nothing demonstrates this history like the Mardi Gras Indians . Distinct from the krewes , these "  tribes , " or "  gangs , " began appearing in late 19th century New Orleans , representing specific neighborhoods . In the old days , gangs would battle one another to assert territory . Today , they battle for the title of "  prettiest " big chief , the ceremonial leader of each tribe . The chief and his family work on his carnival costume throughout the year , constructing stunning suits of satin , beads , sequins and rhinestones and enormous plumed headdresses that shake and sway like some rare , exotic creature . Other members of the tribe along with spectators march randomly through their neighborhood , where they may encounter other Indians . They dance to the sounds of jazz , blues and the distinctive call-and-response that brings the sounds of West Africa to the rich musical melting pot of Louisiana . Mardi Gras Indians do not march on specific city-sanctioned routes , so talk to locals and tourist information officials to find out where and when to see them . www.mardigrasneworleans.com Rio de Janeiro  February 28 - March 4 Carnival , or carnaval , in Rio tends to conjure images of glittering bikinis , body paint and huge plumed headdresses . But it actually had an elite , predominantly European character until the 20th century , when African and indigenous traditions -- in particular samba music -- began to play a central role in the celebrations . That shift helped made Rio 's carnival the biggest , most spectacular one on the planet . The huge Samba Parade is held at the massive Sambodromo , an exhibition area designed by Brazilian architect Oscar Niemeyer . Here you 'll see Rio 's famous samba schools compete all night while spectators generate a powerful energy in the stands . As throughout the Americas , the heart and soul of Rio 's carnival is in working class neighborhoods and favelas , the city 's mountainside slums , many of which have become considerably safer for tourists in recent years . Each neighborhood has its own samba street bands and costumed participants , along with throngs of locals and tourists who dance along . www.rio-carnival.net / Venice , Italy  February 15-March 4 Half a world away from Rio 's dazzling sun-drenched street party , Venice offers possibly the world 's most romantic carnival destination . Get ready to be transported back in time as ladies in Renaissance-era gowns and men in ruffled coats and powdered wigs stroll through the city 's famous piazzas while gondoliers transport partygoers to elaborate feasts and masquerade balls . From mid-February until Shrove Tuesday  March 4  , the city is a place of mystery and enchantment . The festivities begin with the Flight of the Angel , featuring a woman in full carnival regalia who descends from a bell tower in St. Mark 's Square . The square is the center of carnival action , with jugglers , acrobats and a variety of musicians . On Shrove Tuesday , known elsewhere as Fat Tuesday , the celebration concludes with a costumed ball and fireworks in front of the Palazzo Ducale . While some Venetians and visitors may plunk down thousands for custom-made gowns and masks , you do n't have to break the bank . Rent a costume , or fashion your own with a makeshift cape and a beautiful mask purchased from any cart along the canals . Presto ! -- you 're part of the scene . www.carnevale.venezia.it / Cologne , Germany  February 28-March 4 The energy of German karneval is largely generated by people of all ages who gather in public spaces or bars to sing , dance and drink the days and nights away . But Cologne 's carnival is also famous for its parades -- in particular , audacious  and at times lewd  satirical floats depicting well-known politicians . Rose Monday , the second to the last day of carnival , features the largest parade of the season . See bands , satirical floats and thousands of spectators in creative , colorful costumes depicting everything from animals to priests , nuns , clowns and devils . Do n't miss the alternative carnival , which since the 1980s has become a fixture of the season . Don a ghoulish costume and join the ghost parade , a tradition dating back to the Middle Ages . Then , the night before Ash Wednesday , celebrate the burning of the Nubbel , in which a straw figure is charged with all the sins committed during the year and then burned as onlookers sing in a collective purging . Learn all about carnival in Cologne at the Kölner Karnevalsmuseum . www.cologne.de/events/cologne-carnival Montevideo , Uruguay  January 20-early March Uruguay may be small , but its carnival is mighty , lasting 40 days . That 's longer than any carnival in the world . It starts with the selection of the carnival queen in January , followed by lavish parades . Then begin the tablados -- stages across the city where carnival shows are held . One of the main events is the murga , groups of musicians that perform a form of street theater involving powerful , haunting choral song that incorporate clever parody and satire . Neighborhood murga groups work throughout the year on themes , lyrics and beautiful costumes reminiscent of commedia dell ` arte characters , complete with painted faces , colorful capes and lavish headgear . Top groups compete in large theaters around Montevideo , but you can also catch fantastic performances at the tablados throughout the city , many of which cost little or nothing . Murga : A musical tale of two cities Another must-see Uruguayan carnival tradition is candombe , unique drumming rhythms developed by enslaved Africans and their descendants during Spanish colonial rule . Today , candombe is thriving , particularly in historically Afro-Uruguayan neighborhoods like Barrio Sur and Palermo where candombe schools hold llamadas , call-and-response drumming processions , in the streets . Lear more about Uruguayan carnival traditions at the Museo del Carnival , located in Montevideo 's charming old city . Port of Spain , Trinidad and Tobago  March 3 and 4 Officially , carnival in Trinidad 's Port of Spain is the two days before Ash Wednesday . Unofficially , the city fills with the sounds of the steel pan -- calypso , limbo competitions and soca  a popular fusion of calypso and traditional Indian instruments  -- right after Christmas . Carnival in these Caribbean islands reflects their multicultural heritage . People of African , European , Amerindian , Indian , Middle Eastern and Chinese descent join in the festivities , but especially the African slaves and Indian indentured servants who were originally excluded from French plantation owners ' carnival celebrations have created their own traditions . The big party starts the weekend before Ash Wednesday with steel band competitions and creative , often outlandishly costumed contestants vying to be the king and queen of carnival . Revelers stay out into the wee hours of Monday morning , eagerly awaiting the arrival of J'Ouvert at 4 a.m. . In this predawn ritual , local folklore takes center stage as people dressed as devils , demons and monsters dance wildly through the streets to the rhythms of battling steel bands . For those with the stamina to party on , this gives way to "  Pretty Mas , " in which vibrantly costumed revelers continue the dance party , jumping and gyrating to the soca music blasting from truck speakers . The celebrations and competitions last through Tuesday , with thousands of lavishly costumed bands and their affiliated masqueraders competing in an enormous parade . www.gotrinidadandtobago.com	Mardi Gras falls on March 4 this year New Orleans and other festive cities are rolling out floats and costumes Many celebrations have their heart and soul in working-class neighborhoods
CNN  -- For most people a trip across Europe is a chance to see the sights and sample the continent 's cuisine . Unless , like Baptiste Dubanchet , they 've got their head buried in a trash can . The Frenchman , who celebrates his 26th birthday this month , has spent the last 10 weeks dumpster diving -- eating only discarded food -- from France to Poland on a mission to highlight the issue of food waste . "  I did n't really believe I would succeed , " Dubanchet told CNN by phone from Warsaw shortly after completing his 3,000-kilometer  1,900 miles  journey by bicycle . "  I thought I would probably starve for four or five days and then I would have to buy something . " Instead , Dubanchet was surprised at the abundance of discarded produce he was able to scavenge from supermarkets , bakeries and restaurants . He was easily able to fuel himself on his epic trek through Luxembourg , Belgium , the Netherlands , Germany and the Czech Republic . Along the way , the former fast food worker has learned valuable lessons about the trash habits of the different European nations he visited . Rooting through refuse "  I 'm trying to protest against the huge waste of food . It 's completely absurd and pointless , " says Dubanchet , who planned his trip to coincide with the European Union 's declared "  Year Against Food Waste . " "  We 're wasting really good resources -- there 's so much water , energy and pollution involved in creating something that ends up in the trash . And there are millions of people starving . " Sticking to a strict rule of only eating food that had been thrown out or was destined for the trash , Dubanchet asked the permission of supermarket and restaurant staff before rooting through their refuse . Occasionally he climbed fences to access dumpsters . People in some countries were more understanding than others , he says . "  In the Czech Republic , it was quite difficult , " he says . "  People did n't really understand what the project was -- they thought I was homeless , they did n't really understand the foreigner who asked for food from the trash and all the supermarkets had it quite well locked up . "  I went for days eating mainly just bread . " Germany , he says , was the easiest country for dumpster diving , not because there was more food waste , but because people were more receptive to his mission . "  I think all the countries ' waste is about the same . The supermarkets in all countries work in a similar way : the fruit and vegetables must look perfect and the ones that do n't go in the trash . "  In Germany , a lot of people were supportive of the project -- sometimes at supermarkets , my request would be asked of the boss and the boss would say no . But then a guy would come back and say , ` I 'm really sorry my boss says no , but wait , my boss is a jerk , so come back later and I will get you something . " Right place , right time Luxembourg , too , is a land of plenty for dumpster divers , according to Dubanchet , something he puts down to its relative wealth and relaxed rules on food disposal . As part of his mission , the sustainable development graduate also visited schools to explain his mission to students -- and at the same time chow down on leftovers from the school cafeteria . While he admits growing weary of a diet of stale bread and raw vegetables , there were some culinary highlights -- particularly during his darkest days in the Czech Republic . "  I arrived at a vegan restaurant in Prague where they were so busy they were turning people away , " he recalls . "  I explained what I was doing to the waiter and he came back minutes later with this beautifully designed plate of food and said ` do you want this ? ' "  It was the wrong order for the customer and they were going to throw it away . I was starving and I arrived at the right place at the right time . " Other highlights included a jar of honey and dried apricots found in Germany , some tinned goods from Luxembourg and a box of 12 eggs -- consigned to the garbage can because just one was broken . "  I was always happy when I had cakes and sweet things because they do n't need cooking and when you 're on a bicycle , you need the energy , " he adds . Dubanchet says he hopes in the future to work with supermarkets and restaurants to find ways of reducing waste . He does n't rule out further dumpster diving missions . "  Why not ? Although when you 're eating absolutely nothing that does n't come from the trash , you go a long time without eating what you want . "  And it 's a very long time to go without drinking a single beer . " You can follow Dubanchet 's ongoing project at La Faim du Monde .	Baptiste Dubanchet traveled from France to Poland eating food only found in trash cans The Frenchman says Germany was the easiest country in which to find food , the Czech Republic the trickiest Dubanchet embarked on his mission to highlight the issue of food waste
CNN  Despite all the difficulties facing the eurozone in 2015 -- slow growth , increasing debt and high unemployment to name a few -- small but lively Lithuania has taken the plunge and adopted the euro , swapping its lita for the single European currency at the stroke of midnight on January 1 . The rebellious former Soviet republic was the first to declare independence from Moscow 25 years ago and has n't looked back since . Now the country is a vibrant mix of east and west Europe . So what are some of the best ways to keep that new currency from burning a hole in your pocket ? We 've compiled a list of 11 ways to spend it . Littera Book Store at Vilnius University With its baroque arches and frescoed ceilings , the Littera Book Store looks more like the Bodleian Library than Barnes and Noble . Never judge a bookshop by its cover . Despite its grand location within the 16th-century Faculty of Philology , the interiors are actually very modern . The seemingly ancient artwork was actually painted in 1978 by graphic artist Antanas Kmieliauskas . Entry to the university costs one euro but the fee is normally waived for anyone intending to visit the book store . Good buys include "  Joseph and His Brothers , " Thomas Mann 's four-part masterpiece written from his summer house in Nida , which is now a museum dedicated to the writer . Cost : Approximately 25 euros Littera Book Store , Universiteto gatve 5 , Vilnius ; +370 5 263 8877 Rental bike tour of Vilnius old town As winter turns to spring , flocks of bright orange bicycles not seen since fall return to line the streets of the capital . At just 3 euros for a two-hour ride , the city 's bike-sharing plan is the best way to explore in the warmer months . Cathedral Square , under the gaze of Gediminas ' Tower and the ivory belfry of Vilnius Cathedral , is a good place to start . There 's a cycle path that follows the beautiful Pilies Street and heads through the old town , a UNESCO World Heritage site , before crossing the Neris River to explore the surrounding green hills . Cost : 3 euros for a two-hour ride CycloCity Vilnius ; +370 8 800 22008 Museum of Ethno-Cosmology Ethno-cosmology is all about understanding humankind 's place in the universe . Depending on point of view , it 's either a holistic approach to stargazing or a newfangled form of astrology . Unsurprisingly , this is the first museum of its kind and even for ethno-cosmology skeptics the extraordinary observatory , which looks like something dreamed up by H.G. Wells , is worth the visit . The quality of the stargazing experience depends on the weather , but having one of the largest public telescopes in Europe on hand certainly helps . Cost : Admission 2-7 euros Museum of Ethno-Cosmology , Kulionys , Ciulenai eldership , Moletai district ; +370 383 45424 Hot air balloon ride over Vilnius Ballooning is popular in Lithuania and a spectacular way to experience the country 's landscape , from the lakes of Trakai to the dunes of the Curonian Spit on the Baltic coast . Vilnius itself is one of the few major cities in the world that allows balloons to fly over it . Balloons depart from the banks of the Neris in time for sunset over the red-roofed city . Cost : 85-110 euros per person Balloon Tours : +370 652 00510 Curonian Spit National Park Neringa is a quasi-mythical place where the Baltic Sea coast meets the Russian border . The giantess who gave her name to the region is also credited with creating its most recognizable feature , the Curonian Spit . This wall of sand dunes is Lithuania 's other UNESCO World Heritage site and traces a 98-kilometer arc from Klaipeda to Malinovka in Kaliningrad Oblast . The spit was actually formed 5,000 years ago by a retreating glacier that left a ridge of debris in its wake and sealed off the lagoon behind it . While wandering the windswept headlands , visitors should keep an eye out for chunks of raw amber , which regularly wash up on the Baltic seaside . Cost : 100 euros  approximately  for a private day trip from Vilnius Curonian Spit National Park , Klaipeda Region Ice-Blokart Sailing The marriage of sled and sail has been popular in Lithuania since the 1930s . Border guards used them during the Cold War to move quickly and stealthily across frozen territory . Also known as ice yachts , these wind-powered sleds are capable of reaching speeds of 100 kmh thanks to low friction between runner and ice . Ice sailing is easier to master than its summer counterpart , so it 's great for children and absolute beginners . During winter , tour parties run frequently across the frozen Curonian Lagoon from Nida to Vente Ragas . Cost : Blokart rental from 40 euros per hour in Nida Baltic Adventure ; +370 5 250 5831 Trakai Island Castle This iconic island castle was once the seat of power for the Grand Duchy of Lithuania , at the time the largest state in Europe , which stretched from the Baltic to the Black Sea . Grand Duke Vytautas completed the stone foundations , still visible today , at the turn of the 15th century in defiance of the Teutonic Knights . Long left in ruins , the castle was finally restored following WWII with the help of Soviet money -- normally hard to come by -- after once more defying a German invasion . Only half-an-hour 's drive from the capital , the 200 surrounding lakes and 21 islands make Trakai the perfect lakeside retreat for Vilnians . Cost : Entry 6 euros Trakai Castle ; +370 528 53946 Karaite culture and cuisine at Kybynlar As Vytautas expanded the Grand Duchy , a back flow of people introduced new religions and cultures to the state , which was markedly tolerant for its time . The 383 Karaite families brought back from Crimea at the end of 14th century founded a small but significant community around Trakai . A branch of Turkic Judaism , only 60 followers are still local to Trakai , but their culture and cuisine has miraculously survived . The famous Kybyn savory pastries served at Kybynlar restaurant on the banks of Lake Galves are sought-after delicacies , as authentically Lithuanian as any Baltic fare . Canach , a pastry-topped broth in an intricate ceramic pot , is worth trying . Cost : 2 euros for Kybyn pastry , 6 euros for Canach Kybynlar Restaurant , Karaimu str . 29 , Trakai ; +370 698 06320 ` Lithuanian gold ' Many legends surround Lithuania 's most famous export . The most popular tells of the goddess Jurate who lived in a golden palace under the sea . Tragically , her home was destroyed by the gods after she fell in love with an ordinary fisherman , but the remains were washed ashore as golden gems of amber . Chunks of the fossilized resin typically formed 30 million years ago and can be crafted into everything from chess sets to violins , or sold as found . Amber is credited with healing the sick and warding off evil . Cost : Varies , anything up to 100,000 euros Amber , Latviu str . 7 , Vilnius ; +370 5 272 4090 Druskininkai Ski Arena For a country with winters that last from November to March you 'd think they 'd have had enough of snow come April -- but for ski and snowboarding fanatics there 's nothing worse than end of season slush . The solution -- build a massive indoor ski park . The Snow Arena opened in 2011 with three slopes catering to beginners and experts , and 2.5 hectares of runs kept at -2 Celsius all year round , making it one of the biggest in the world . And it 's cheap . Cost : Day passes start at 16 euros for adults , 14 euros for under 18s . Druskininkai Snow Arena , Nemunas road 2 , Village of Mizarai , Druskininkai municipality ; +370 313 69699 Basketball Lithuanians like to joke that basketball is n't just their national sport but their nation 's religion . Four of their countrymen dominated the USSR team that beat USA to gold at the 1988 Olympics and helped the newly independent national side  ` the other dream team "  to an emotional bronze medal , four years later , against a Unified Team of former USSR states . Their fans are perhaps the most passionate for any sports team in the world . During world tournaments statues are dressed in replica uniforms ; basketballs and hoops adorn every billboard and shop front in the country . Watching Lithuania play at home is an incredible spectator experience . The best place to see a game is Zalgiris Arena , Kaunas . Cost : Tickets range from 10 to 30 euros Zalgiris Arena , Karaliaus Mindaugo ave 50 , Kaunas ; +370 34 354 401 Jack Davidson is a London-based travel writer . He tweets at @jacqdavidson .	In January 2015 Lithuania became the 19th country to adopt the single European currency The former Soviet nation is a vibrant mix of east and west Europe Attractions include the Museum of Ethno-Cosmology and Trakai Island Castle
CNN  -- Is the movie cop thriller heading for retirement ? Colin Farrell , left , and Edward Norton star in "  Pride and Glory " as New York cops . It seems incredible to suggest that such a popular form of storytelling might be on the way out , but it 's happened before : Musicals and westerns were once staple entertainment for the moviegoing masses , and somewhere in the 1970s they just went thataway . Now the musicals and westerns that emerge are considered unusual . So consider : Last week the top box-office draw in the country was "  Max Payne " with Mark Wahlberg as an obsessed cop tracking down the killer who murdered his wife and child . Based on a video game , "  Max Payne " takes a rudimentary plot and boils it down still further , to the point where it 's worse than predictable . The film 's attraction  such as it is  is n't found in story , but in decoration : the blue-filtered chiaroscuro and etch-y comic book compositions , how the snow glints under the streetlights . "  Pride and Glory , " on the other hand , is resolutely old school . Not only is it not based on a video game , it 's hard to imagine that any of the characters has played one -- or seen a movie either . Watch behind the scenes at "  Pride and Glory " " The time period is n't specified , but it seems to be today , going on 1974 . Written by "  Tumbleweeds " director Gavin O'Connor and Joe Carnahan  "  Narc "  , based on a story O'Connor put together with his twin brother Greg and ex-New York cop Robert Hopes , this is one of those movies that wants to emulate the serious side of '70s cinema , to dig into thorny ethical quandaries and alert us to institutional corruption . Unfortunately , it does a poor job . This time Edward Norton is the alienated cop , Ray Tierney . Like Max Payne , he 's stepped away from the street to nurse his own grievances -- he bears an ugly scar down his cheek from an incident referred to only obliquely . The details remain hazy , but it casts a "  Chinatown " - size cloud over Ray and probably accounts for the state of his marriage -- which is over -- and the fact that he 's sleeping on his dad 's leaky sailboat . There 's considerably more plot in "  Pride and Glory " than in "  Max Payne , " but it 's only marginally less predictable . A shooting puts four cops down -- all of them from the command of Ray 's brother Francis  Noah Emmerich  . Francis is devastated , and the boys ' father , Francis Sr.  Jon Voight  , insists Ray must step up and take charge of the investigation . The Tierney clan has another cop in the family : Jimmy  Colin Farrell  is married to their sister  Lake Bell  . We soon realize Jimmy 's hands are dirty . But what will Ray do about it ? If you 've seen your Sidney Lumet movies -- "  Serpico , " "  Prince of the City , " "  Q&A " -- then you 'll be well ahead of the game . Even if you have n't , you 'll have seen the cop shows that drew from them . Which is why almost every scene , every line of dialogue in "  Pride and Glory " has the dull thud of cliche . "  We ca n't keep doing this , " moans Ray 's soon-to-be ex-wife . Any regular moviegoer will know exactly what she means : How many more times will we have to suffer this déja-vu ? Granted , originality is n't everything . Last year , James Grey 's "  We Own the Night " invested a very similar story with subtle character shadings and a subversive edge . What 's most disappointing about O'Connor 's capably acted but gloomy and portentous movie is how it shies away from any real complexity . The Tierneys may have their faults , but the outsider , Jimmy , is the bad egg  we gather that much when he threatens a baby with a hot iron  . When push comes to shove , the brothers do the right thing in a climax so stock you could use it to make gravy . The old school was better than this . And , back then , it was n't old either . "  Pride and Glory " is rated R and runs 129 minutes . For Entertainment Weekly 's take , click here .	"  Pride and Glory " wants to be cop thriller throwback ; instead it 's just predictable Film is about a family of cops , one of whom is bad Edward Norton and Colin Farrell star in well-acted but clichéd movie
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Herndon , Virginia-based Triple Canopy has been awarded the security services contract in Baghdad , a State Department source told CNN Tuesday . Triple Canopy is taking over the expiring Iraq security contract of Blackwater/Xe , a source tells CNN . The order is effective Tuesday , the source said , but Triple Canopy 's "  in-country performance " wo n't begin until May 7 . Triple Canopy will take over the expiring contract of Blackwater , which changed its name to Xe last month . The State Department decided in January not to renew Blackwater/Xe 's contract when it expires in May . That followed a refusal by the Iraqi government to renew the firm 's operating license because of a September 2007 shooting incident in which the Iraqi government says security guards -- then employed by Blackwater -- fired upon and killed 17 Iraqi civilians . As part of a contract to protect American diplomats and other employees around the world , the State Department hired Blackwater for a multiple-year assignment in Iraq , renewable once a year . Blackwater/Xe , one of three security firms working for the United States in the country , had one of the biggest security contracts in Iraq . Triple Canopy already has a State Department contract in Iraq . The new contract will increase its share of the security work there . DynCorp International also has a State Department contract for work in Iraq . Losing the contract is considered a huge blow to Blackwater/Xe . While the company is privately held , the Iraq contract has been estimated to make up one-third to one-half of its business . Blackwater/Xe has about two dozen aircraft in Iraq , as well as 1,000 personnel . Earlier this month , the company 's founder , Eric Prince , resigned as head of the company . Five former Blackwater security guards pleaded not guilty in January to charges of voluntary manslaughter and other serious crimes stemming from their involvement in the September 16 , 2007 , incident in a Baghdad square . A sixth former security guard has pleaded guilty to charges of voluntary manslaughter and attempted manslaughter . Blackwater says its employees were returning fire after they were attacked by armed insurgents , but an Iraqi investigation concluded that the guards randomly fired at civilians without provocation . The Iraqi government maintains 17 civilians were killed , although the indictment alleges 14 died . The company does not face any charges . But the Baghdad incident exacerbated the feelings of many Iraqis that private American security contractors have operated since 2003 with little regard for Iraqi law or life . The indictment of the five men represents the first prosecution of non-Defense Department contractors under the Military Extraterritorial Jurisdiction Act . The act was amended in 2004 to allow the Justice Department to prosecute such personnel providing services "  in support of the mission of the Department of Defense overseas . " Last year , the State Department renewed Blackwater 's contract over strong objections from the Iraqi government . Starting January 1 , the Iraqi government has mandated that all contractors obtain Iraqi licenses to operate .	Triple Canopy awarded contract , State Department source tells CNN Blackwater recently changed name to Xe ; its Iraq security contract expiring Iraqi government protested September 2007 shooting incident involving Blackwater Virginia-based Triple Canopy wo n't be operating in Iraq until May 7 , source says
CNN  -- Author Tim Federle believes that everyone has a little bit of Nate Foster in them . Even if you 're not a gay theater nerd with dreams of stardom , Federle thinks everyone has felt like an outsider at some point . He may be onto something with his Nate Foster novels , about the semi-autobiographical teen character who chases Broadway dreams to New York for an open casting call in "  E.T : The Musical . " Federle 's 2013 debut middle-grade novel , "  Better Nate Than Ever , " struck a chord with critics and readers and was named one of 2013 's notable children 's books by the New York Times and Publishers Weekly . Its sequel "  Five , Six , Seven , Nate ! " comes out Tuesday and was listed among the best books of January by Amazon . "  Five , Six , Seven , Nate ! " picks up where the first book left off . Federle , who was a Broadway dancer and choreographer , takes readers further backstage with Nate as his Broadway dreams begin to come true , but he has to do some growing up along the way . Federle says his aim was to write a novel he would have loved when he was younger and feeling left out . The real message is n't about Nate 's love of Broadway or his sexuality , Federle says , but about embracing whatever makes you unique . Fast facts Age : 33 Hometown : Pittsburgh Other titles : "  Better Nate Than Ever " and "  Tequila Mockingbird , " a literary cocktail guide voted the top food and cookbook of 2013 on Goodreads . Fun facts : Federle appeared in the original Broadway casts of "  The Little Mermaid " and "  Gypsy " before coaching the child stars of the show "  Billy Elliot . " For fans of : Broadway musicals and TV shows like "  Glee , " "  Smash " and "  Dance Moms . " Five questions for Tim Federle CNN : What 's happening with Nate in your new novel ? Federle : "  Five , Six , Seven , Nate ! " opens on my 13-year-old protagonist packing up a duffel bag and bidding his Midwestern town goodbye , heading off to start rehearsals for his New York City debut in "  E.T. : The Musical . " The book is an insider look at what happens when a big-budget Broadway show comes together  and occasionally apart  , as seen through the eyes of a diehard theater nerd who just happens to also be a chocolate milk aficionado . Think : "  Smash " with zits . CNN : How was writing the sequel different from your first book ? Federle : I wrote "  Better Nate Than Ever " in total secret while working on the show "  Billy Elliot . " Once the book came out and started getting a lot of unexpected attention , I felt like the "  Velveteen Writer " -- like a bit of a faker who was suddenly turned real . So the biggest difference in writing a sequel is that now there are expectations . But also , and this is the awesome part , now there are fans , too ! CNN : Since "  Better Nate Than Ever , " has the message changed or evolved in your new book ? Federle : The books are highly autobiographical , and I learned as a dancer that even when you get cast in a dream show , there are still setbacks and surprises  and critics  . For Nate , he 's finally part of a tribe of people who truly "  get " him in "  Five , Six , Seven , Nate ! " but now he 's dealing with cutthroat child stars and the nervous clamor of a brand-new town . If the message between books has evolved at all , it 's probably : "  Hold on to what makes you unique , but get ready to grow up a little , too . " CNN : You 've said before kids can be your toughest critics . What have you heard from them ? Federle : I 've received quite a few all-capped emails YELLING AT ME FOR ENDING THE FIRST BOOK ON SUCH A CLIFFHANGER !!!!! Also , several kids named Nate have written to say it 's "  cool or whatever " to have their name in the title of a book . CNN : Nate 's sexuality is important to the story but not the focus of your book . How did you decide to handle that and what kind of reaction have you received ? Federle : You ca n't tell the story of a 13-year-old boy who knows every lyric to "  Phantom of the Opera " without also referencing how much teasing he gets at school . Believe me , I remember . Middle school readers can handle a lot of truth , especially when it 's broached delicately , so the response to Nate 's subtle maybe-he-is-maybe-he-isn ` t-gay subplot has been overwhelmingly positive -- with librarians and parents cheering on Nate 's goofy perseverance in spite of how hard it can be just being a kid . I think every adult I know felt like an outsider in middle school , and these books are for anyone who might be going through that now and could use a laugh .	Tim Federle 's "  Five , Six , Seven , Nate ! " picks up where "  Better Nate Than Ever " left off Nate Foster 's Broadway dreams are starting to come true , but it 's no cakewalk The book 's message is to embrace whatever makes you unique , Federle says
CNN  -- A student-led group that has been occupying the Florida governor 's office to protest the state 's stand your ground law and the George Zimmerman verdict decided to give up the fight Thursday and is leaving the state Capitol . The Dream Defenders began their occupation of the office of Florida Gov. Rick Scott in mid-July , just days after Zimmerman was acquitted of second-degree murder in the death of Trayvon Martin . They demanded that Scott call a special legislative session to overturn the state 's stand your ground law . Scott met with them a few days later to hear their demands but told them he would not call the special session . "  We feel we 've done all we could , said Erika Maye , a spokeswoman for the group . "  We asked for the special session . We 're not getting it and now we 're going to the individual districts to lobby lawmakers and to register voters . We 're going to take it to the streets , " she said . The deadly encounter between Zimmerman , 29 , and Martin took place on February 26 , 2012 , as Martin , 17 , walked back to his father 's fiancee 's house through the rain from a Sanford convenience store . Martin was carrying Skittles and a drink . Zimmerman , a neighborhood watch volunteer , spotted him and called police . A 911 dispatcher told Zimmerman that officers were on the way and not to follow the allegedly suspicious person . Nonetheless , Zimmerman got out of his car , later telling police he just wanted to get a definitive address to relay to authorities . Sometime after that , Zimmerman and Martin got into a physical altercation . Zimmerman shot Martin dead . Zimmerman claimed at his trial that he shot Martin in self-defense . Some accused Zimmerman -- who identifies himself as Hispanic -- of racially profiling the African-American teenager , a claim Zimmerman 's defense flatly denied . The case brought issues of race and the use of stand your ground laws to the forefront . On Thursday night , the group planned to march the governor 's mansion to deliver what it is calling an eviction notice to Scott . "  We 're coming for his job ... the young people of Florida are coming for his job , " Maye said . HLN 's Grace Wong , Graham Winch , Amanda Sloane , Jonathan Anker and Anna Lanfreschi and CNN 's Mariano Castillo , Michael Pearson , Faith Karimi , Chelsea J. Carter , John Couwels , Greg Botelho , Holly Yan and Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	A student group had occupied Florida Gov. Rick Scott 's office to protest stand your ground law The Dream Defenders wanted Scott to call a special legislative session to repeal the law Scott refused , and the group decided to end the sit-in and lobby lawmakers instead
The NFL 's history of punishing players in domestic violence cases is as complicated as the legal cases themselves . Sometimes players were suspended for a game or two . Sometimes , charges were reduced , which also reduced the severity of the NFL punishment . Sometimes , charges were dropped and players ' names were cleared . Domestic violence now seems to be the football league 's No. 1 off-field issue . Last month , the NFL announced a new policy against it . Then , this week , running back Ray Rice was released by the Baltimore Ravens and suspended indefinitely by the National Football League on the same day a video showed him knocking out his future wife with a punch earlier this year . But the league has n't always been so assertive about the matter , one expert said . Domestic violence accounts for 85 of the 713 arrests of NFL players since 2000 in a database compiled by USA Today . At a domestic violence summit in Florida about 15 years ago , "  the NFL actually sent a representative who argued , ` Are you kidding me ? They 're giving up two out of 16 paychecks for this issue . Is n't that a significant enough penalty ? ' And back then , they would take that  to the public  . Today , it 's a different story , " said Don Yaeger , co-author of the 1998 book , "  Pros and Cons : The Criminals Who Play in the NFL . " Here 's how the NFL is handling or has handled punishment in some other cases : Ray McDonald  San Francisco 49ers Three days after Commissioner Roger Goodell created a new NFL policy against domestic violence on August 28 , San Francisco 49ers defensive end Ray McDonald was arrested on an accusation of felony domestic violence . The new policy imposes a six-game unpaid ban for first-time offenders and up to a lifetime ban for second-time offenders . No charges have been filed in the incident involving McDonald , and the case was still being investigated Tuesday , said spokesman Sean Webby of the Santa Clara County , California , District Attorney 's Office . McDonald was arrested by San Jose police at 2:45 a.m. at his house , where a party was being held for his approaching 30th birthday . McDonald allegedly became involved in an altercation with his fiancee , who was 10 weeks ' pregnant , a police source told the Sacramento Bee newspaper . Several 49ers players attended the party , CNN affiliate KTVU said . The fiancee showed police minor bruises on her neck and arms , the newspaper said . After McDonald posted bail , he stated he could n't say much about the case . "  The truth will come out , " he told KTVU . "  Everybody knows what kind of person I am ... a good-hearted person . " On Tuesday , San Francisco 49ers CEO Jed York said the team was awaiting the outcome of the criminal case against McDonald before determining whether to punish him . "  I think it 's very important that we do let due process take its course , " York told KNBR-AM . "  I think it 's very important that we do n't judge somebody before , whether charges are filed or whether anything else happens . We want to make sure that everybody is afforded the right that I think Americans are afforded . " Greg Hardy  Carolina Panthers Defensive end Greg Hardy was convicted in a bench trial this summer of assaulting his former girlfriend and threatening to kill her , both misdemeanors . Hardy is appealing , and the Carolina Panthers team said last month it would n't discipline him until his appeals are completed , ESPN reported . The former girlfriend accused Hardy of throwing her on a pile of guns and said he "  bragged that all of those assault rifles were loaded , " her motion for a protection order said earlier this year , according to The Charlotte Observer newspaper , which posted a copy of her request online . The woman said Hardy picked her up , threw her into the bathroom , dragged her into the bedroom , choked her , picked her up again and "  threw me onto a couch covered in assault rifles and/or shotguns , " her protection order request said , according to the Observer . Hardy threatened to shoot her if she went to the media or reported the assault , the court papers said , according to the Observer . However , the NFL website cites an Associated Press account about 911 tapes revealing a different version of events . "  Hardy can be heard on a call saying : ` My assistant is trying to restrain her , and she 's trying to break free and hit me with her heel . I 'm literally running around the table right now . ' Hardy also alleges that the accuser could be on drugs , " NFL.com reported . Some sports analysts are urging Goodell to punish Hardy : "  With Hardy , as with Rice , Goodell needs to make a statement that the league has a zero-tolerance policy when it comes to how men in his league treat women , " ESPN commentator Ashley Fox wrote . When asked about the criminal case against him in July , Hardy said he disliked how it is a distraction . "  I hate that I have distracted my team , " Hardy said , according to ESPN . "  Other than that I ca n't answer that question . " A.J. Jefferson  Minnesota Vikings In November 2013 , Minnesota Vikings cornerback A.J. Jefferson was arrested on a felony count of domestic assault by strangulation , CNN affiliate KARE reported . His 23-year-old girlfriend claimed to have been in an early morning domestic dispute with Jefferson , who yelled and grabbed her neck , CNN affiliate WCCO reported . On the day of his arrest , Jefferson was cut by the Minnesota Vikings , the NFL reported . Also , after the arrest , the NFL suspended Jefferson for four games , but Goodell lifted the suspension , the league said . The NFL website did n't say why . Jefferson finished last season with the Cleveland Browns before being placed on the injured reserve list because of an ankle problem , according to the National Football Post . In March , Jefferson pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor count of domestic assault in the 2013 case , WCCO reported . He was sentenced to 90 days in jail , which was suspended to three days times served , The Seattle Times reported . In May , Jefferson was signed as a free agent by the Seattle Seahawks , which won the Super Bowl last season . Robert Reynolds  Tennessee Titans A fifth-round draft pick in 2004 by the Tennessee Titans , linebacker Robert Reynolds made the team and played in all but three of its regular season games over his first two seasons . But 2006 was a different story . In October of that year , Ohio authorities issued a warrant for Reynolds ' arrest on domestic violence and assault charges relating to his now ex-wife , according to The Tennessean newspaper . After the charges were filed , then-Titans coach Jeff Fisher asked Reynolds to leave the team facility and decided he would n't play that weekend -- at least . The Associated Press reported that Reynolds pleaded guilty later that month to criminal damaging  for smashing a cell phone and punching a hole in a wall  and disorderly conduct after lashing out during a visit to the home of his toddler son and ex-wife , who told police she did n't want to press charges . The former Ohio State player has not played an NFL game since , although his court case was not cited as the reason . The Titans waived Reynolds in July 2007 after previously placing him on injured reserve , and no other team picked him up . The Columbus Dispatch reported in 2008 that Reynolds had been suspended for one year for violating the league 's substance abuse policy , with his agent adding then that Reynolds would likely retire . Dez Bryant  Dallas Cowboys In July 2012 , wide receiver Dez Bryant of the Dallas Cowboys was arrested on a misdemeanor domestic violence charge in DeSoto , Texas , CNN affiliate KDFW reported . Bryant 's mother called DeSoto police , claiming she got into an argument with her son and that he had assaulted her . Bryant later turned himself in and was charged with Class A misdemeanor domestic violence . The charge was dismissed in November 2012 on the condition that Bryant undergo anger counseling and that he not be charged with a crime for the next year , ESPN said . Bryant denied any domestic violence . In an interview with Sports Illustrated , Bryant said he would be "  a crazy man " to put his hands on his mother , other than to defend himself , and that after she grabbed his arms , he used his hands to remove hers . The magazine , however , cited the police report , which said Bryant grabbed his mother by her T-shirt and hair , bruised her arms and "  hit her across her face with his ball cap . " The NFL did n't suspend Bryant . It imposed a strict set of conduct guidelines on him , which included a curfew , counseling twice a week and no alcohol , ESPN reported . In March 2013 , Bryant made a surprise appearance at Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings ' "  Men Against Abuse " rally . "  I am done with domestic abuse , " he said at the public gathering . Rod Smith  Denver Broncos In 2000 , Denver Broncos wide receiver Rod Smith was accused of beating his former live-in girlfriend by throwing her around , banging her head on the floor and choking her during an argument , the Denver Post reported . The girlfriend is also the mother of his two children . Smith pleaded guilty to a reduced charge of verbal harassment just days before he was to stand trial on third-degree assault and harassment charges , the newspaper reported . A judge sentenced Smith to two years of probation and ordered him to undergo 36 weeks of domestic violence counseling and pay $ 1,000 in court costs . The NFL did n't suspend Smith but did impose a $ 25,000 conditional fine against him , which he would n't have to pay if he adhered to his probation , the newspaper said . At the time , Smith denied hitting his former girlfriend , and even before the NFL imposed the conditional fine , he said the league would n't suspend him . "  It 'd be different if I did what they originally said I did , " he told the Denver Post , referring to the original charge of domestic violence . "  But all those charges were dropped . So I do n't see how they can even take that into account when she said it did n't happen , under oath , and we have several documents stating that . " Ex-NFL player 's wife : Ray Rice should n't be banned from league	NFL used to say two-game suspension was "  significant enough , " expert says "  Today , it 's a different story , " expert says Some analysts say NFL needs to impose new , stronger penalties to other players In past , NFL punishment was lowered when charges against players were reduced
CNN  -- A bulldozer struck what authorities believe was a World War II-era bomb in a western German town Friday afternoon , causing a blast that killed the bulldozer driver , injured 13 other people and damaged homes , police said . The blast occurred at a rubble storage site in Euskirchen , Germany , about 30 kilometers  19 miles  southeast of Cologne , police spokesman Helmut Conrads said . Information on why police suspected a World War II bomb was n't immediately available , though the unearthing of such ordnance in Germany -- where unexploded Allied bombs still are being discovered decades after the conflict -- would n't be unusual . Two people were critically injured in Friday 's blast , and 11 others suffered minor injuries , Conrads said . The explosion happened at site that was storing construction rubble destined for recycling , according to Conrads . "  We can be lucky this has n't happened earlier , " he said . The blast damaged homes in a 400-meter radius around the explosion , Conrads said . The presence of unexploded World War II ordnance in Germany is common enough that companies hire private bomb disposal teams to check that sites are safe when construction is planned . Last April , authorities briefly evacuated hundreds of people from an area in central Berlin after a Russian-made aerial bomb weighing about 100 kilograms  220 pounds  was unearthed 2 meters from a train track . Bomb disposal experts safely disabled the device . In August 2012 , a 250-kilogram  550-pound  bomb was discovered in central Munich . It had to be detonated where it lay because the fuse was unstable ; the explosion damaged nearby buildings . In 2011 , 45,000 residents were evacuated from the city of Koblenz , on the Rhine and Moselle rivers , as bomb squads dealt with two bombs and a military fog-producing device that were dropped by American and British warplanes in the last years of the war . One was a 1.8-metric ton British bomb that could have wiped out the city center , according to the local fire brigade . Three members of a bomb disposal squad were killed in 2010 when the device they were trying to defuse in the German town Gottingen went off . 2011 : WWII bombs defused allowing 45,000 evacuated residents to return CNN 's Diana Magnay , Stephanie Halasz and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : The blast killed a bulldozer driver and at least 13 other people at a rubble storage site Unexploded World War II-era bombs are still found in Germany decades after conflict Bombs are common enough that disposal teams check for them before construction Three bomb disposal squad members died in 2010 when a device exploded in Gottingen
CNN  -- Despite President Barack Obama 's signing of a law repealing the military 's "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy , Defense Secretary Robert Gates sent a memo to troops warning them that it remains in effect until 60 days after the government certifies that the military is ready for implementation . The Pentagon says it does not know how long the certification process may take . In the meantime , Gates is essentially telling gays and lesbians serving in the military not to come out until 60 days after that determination is made . "  In order to prevent any confusion , I want to be perfectly clear : at this time , there are no new changes to any existing Department or Service policies , " said the memo , released Thursday . "  Service members who alter their personal conduct during this period may face adverse consequences , " Gates wrote . Before the ban is completely lifted , the president , the secretary of defense and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff will have to certify that the repeal can move ahead without negatively affecting unit cohesion and military readiness . Since October , the military has dismissed at least eight service members for violations of the policy , according to Pentagon spokesman Col. David Lapan . But Lapan said those dismissals had been approved prior to Oct. 21 , when Gates tightened the rules about who in the Pentagon can dismiss a service member for violating the policy . Now , only the civilian service secretaries , in consultation with the Pentagon 's top lawyer and head of personnel , can order dismissals . No new cases have resulted in dismissals since then . Gates also said he now endorses all the recommendations of the Pentagon 's working group on "  do n't ask , do n't tell " as the road map for implementation . There will be no special bathroom or housing facilities to accommodate homosexuals , except in special cases . And troops who oppose serving with homosexuals will not be allowed to quit the military before their commitment is up .	President Obama signed into law a repeal of "  do n't ask , do n't tell " Secretary Gates said that the government must certify that the military is ready There is also a 60-day waiting period after that In a memo , Gates tells troops to abide by waiting period
Bobak Ferdowsi launched into Internet superstardom last week for helping guide the rover Curiosity in its journey to the surface of Mars . Well , that and his red-and-black Mohawk . President Obama even acknowledged Ferdowsi , now commonly referred to as the "  Mohawk Guy , " in a congratulatory call to NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory on Monday . "  It does sound like NASA has come a long way from the white-shirt , black dark-rimmed glasses and the pocket protectors , " Obama told the Mars Curiosity team . "  You guys are a little cooler than you used to be . " "  I , in the past , thought about getting a Mohawk myself -- but my team keeps on discouraging me , " Obama joked . Stylish despite medical setbacks When it comes to personal style in the workplace , there are no hard and fast rules . What is suitable changes with where you work and what you do . Fortunately , some sartorial adventurers are able to reconcile their need to express themselves with their need for a paycheck . "  Dress codes have most certainly relaxed over time , particularly since the introduction of ` jeans Fridays ' and dot-com era casual attire , " said Judah Kurtz , of BPI group , a human resources consulting firm in Chicago , Illinois . "  What is considered ` appropriate ' varies by company and culture , as well as what parts of the house are strictly internal versus client/public facing , " "  Dress code policies walk a fine line between portraying a professional image to clients and customers while allowing employees to be comfortable , engaged , and expressive , " said Kevin Sheridan , senior vice president of HR optimization at Avatar HR Solutions , also in Chicago . Jillian Venters , a 43-year-old technical writer from Seattle , Washington , says it 's crucial to have some personal branding around -- whether it 's funky jewelry , photos of loved ones or favorite movie and music memorabilia -- to keep you sane at work . "  No matter how great your job and co-workers may be , the corporate world can be very stressful and draining . It 's all too easy to become devoured by your job and to forget that there are things outside of the cubicle and status reports , " she said . "  Maintaining your own sense of identity helps you stay grounded , and reminds you that you are more than your job . " Known as the "  Goth at the office , " Venters might sport a top hat , knee-length lace coat and a full petticoat skirt on an average workday . She attempts to document each day 's ensemble on her Tumblr account . While she has endured her fair share of funny looks and moments when she needed to tone down her appearance , Venters says ultimately her sense of style benefits her career . "  I 've walked into interviews and had the hiring manager say , ` Oh right , you 're the goth girl . I 've heard good things about you and you know all our tools . Can you start on Monday ? ' " Venters said . "  Once I 've started on a job and met my co-workers , everyone remembers who I am , which is great for gathering information . " Dying careers and thriving careers : The jobs of tomorrow Like Venters , Kristi Blicharski , a Los Angeles-based empowerment coach and business strategist , thinks it 's important to encourage the uniqueness of others without judgment because it emboldens both confidence and creativity . "  Studies have shown that when we look good on the outside , we feel good on the inside , and what 's important to recognize is that everyone has their own unique feelings about what makes them look and feel their best , " she said . "  Why try to inhibit that ? " With blue streaks running through her hair , Blicharski said "  expressing yourself in a way that makes you feel like your best self is the new power suit . " Mars rover mission 's ` Mohawk Guy ' inspires Obama Of course , some people believe corporate dress code policy should remain sacred . Six Flags theme parks came under fire last month after job applicant MarKeese Warner , an engineering student at Pennsylvania State University , claimed she was denied a summer job because of her dreadlocks hairstyle . Warner started a Change.org petition to protest what she claimed were Six Flags ' discriminatory policies against people with dreadlocks . A Six Flags spokeswoman confirmed that the company does not permit employees to wear dreadlocks . "  We maintain a grooming code for employees that includes standard uniforms and no visible tattoos , beards , dreadlocks or extreme hairstyles  such as drastic variations in color or partially shaven heads  , " said Nancy Krejsa , senior vice president of investor relations and corporate communications . Many companies have formal dress code policies , including UBS which has a 44-page document with specific stipulations that disallow women from wearing more than seven pieces of jewelry and men from wearing cufflinks . Franki Brandt-Pethtel , the Director of Operations for Bond Jewelers in the Tampa Bay Area , thinks maintaining a proper dress code shows respect for your employer , clients and yourself . "  Would you purchase an expensive piece of fine jewelry from a woman with a green Mohawk and sleeve full of tats ? That 's why I wear a suit to work every day . My personal expression can wait until my day off , " she said . While it 's ultimately up to each organization 's culture to deem what is fit , human resource professionals , like Sheridan and Kurtz , say general dress guidelines are useful as they create some parameters and expectations around what is considered appropriate . At the same time , allowing some freedom of individual expression can have positive impacts on company culture and employee satisfaction . "  You may be memorable , but make sure you are memorable for the right reasons , " said Kurtz . "  Be yourself , but do n't let your appearance or behaviors detract from your selling points : your intelligence , accomplishments , strengths and experience . " Do you think there should be corporate dress code policies ? How have you worked within the rules to create your personal style ? Share your thoughts in the comments section below .	"  Mohawk Guy " Bobak Ferdowsi became the face of the Mars rover team President Obama acknowledged Ferdowsi 's style in a phone call Monday Ferdowsi 's unique hairdo is a form of self-expression not everyone can get away with An expert says style codes have relaxed over the years , depending on the workplace
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- U.S. and Iraqi negotiators have agreed on a draft of a status-of-forces agreement authorizing U.S. troop presence in Iraq , a Pentagon spokesman said Thursday . The U.S. wants troops in Iraq to be immune from Iraqi law . The two governments are reviewing the drafts , Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell said Thursday . Morrell said Defense Secretary Robert Gates "  is in the process of consulting closely with members of Congress " on the draft agreement . Meanwhile , Iraq 's Political Committee on National Security is also reviewing the draft , Morrell said , citing Iraqi government spokesman Ali al-Dabbagh . "  We are close , but not at the final status yet , " Morrell said . "  And as soon as it is final , I think then we can talk in more specificity about what is actually included in it . " The United States ' insistence that its troops and contractors remain immune from Iraqi law has been a key obstacle to reaching an agreement , U.S. and Iraqi officials have said . A U.N. mandate authorizing the U.S. troop presence in Iraq expires December 31 , and U.S. officials are examining "  contingencies " in case the Iraqi government is unable to sell the status-of-forces deal to the country 's various factions , a senior U.S. official said earlier this week . Other developments : • Representatives from Bahrain , Syria , Jordan and Spain took their posts Thursday as ambassadors to Iraq after submitting their credentials to Iraq 's president , the Iraqi government said . • The governments of Iran and Iraq signed an agreement Thursday aimed at jointly clarifying the fate of those missing from the Iran-Iraq war in the 1980s , the International Committee of the Red Cross said . The document , signed in Geneva along with the ICRC , establishes a clear framework for collecting information and sharing it between the two countries , the Red Cross said . It also establishes a framework for handing over human remains . CNN 's Saad Abedine and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Pentagon spokesman said he ca n't speak about specifics until it is in final draft form Status-of-forces agreement would outline guidelines of U.S. troop presence in Iraq U.S. insistence troops , contractors immunity a sticking point Current agreement will expire December 31
CNN  -- An Arkansas student says his high school is "  history " after school officials pulled a profile of him from the school yearbook because he is openly gay . Taylor Ellis , 17 , told CNN affiliate KATV that Sheridan High School pulled seven student profiles from the Yellowjacket yearbook rather than publish an account based on his coming out . "  It 's a big thing in Sheridan to be gay , " the yearbook 's assistant editor , Hannah Bruner , told KATV of why she profiled Ellis . "  That something that does n't get told a lot . " In a statement , Sheridan Superintendent Brenda Haynes said , "  We must make decisions that lead in the proper direction for all of our students and for our community . We must not make decisions based on demands by any special interest group . The seven profiles will not be published in the yearbook . " She added , "  We have reviewed state law , court cases , and our own policies . It is clear that the adults who have the responsibility for the operation of the District have the obligation to make decisions which are consistent with the mission of our school . We have done so . " The district decided to scrap the seven profiles rather than publish Ellis ' story , Bruner said . To Ellis , the reason for taking out all the profiles was clear . "  We have a good idea why they 're not going into the yearbook , " he said . "  They do n't want to just throw out the gay kid 's interview . " Ellis , who came out a year ago , said he did n't understand the decision . "  I 'm already openly gay , " he told KATV , "  so there 's no reason that it should affect how people see me . " Bruner 's profile of Ellis said , in part , "  Although the thought of coming out and the repercussions of doing so , frightened Ellis at first , he found that most of the student body , as well as the teachers , were very accepting of him . " Ellis ' mother said the principal , Rodney Williams , contacted her . "  I did n't understand , because there had been no problems , so I ask him , ` have you had threats ? ' " Lynn Tiley told KATV . "  He said , ` no , ma'am , just his well-being . ' " On Tuesday , representatives from a national civil rights organization staged a demonstration on the State Capitol steps in support of Ellis , KATV reported . "  This discriminatory exclusion by Sheridan High School administrators has nothing to do with Arkansas values , " said Chad Griffin , president of the Human Rights Campaign . On Wednesday , Williams was to receive a petition with more than 30,000 signatures asking that the decision be reversed , KATV reported . The Human Rights Campaign urged Gov. Mike Beebe and the state 's education commissioner , Tom Kimbrell , to intervene , but representatives of their offices said it was a matter for the local school district . "  They 're history , " Ellis said of his high school . "  When I 'm done with Sheridan , I 'm done with Sheridan . I have one more year , and after that , I 'll thank God every day that I 'm not there anymore . " Legislators to universities : Assign gay material , see your money cut	Taylor Ellis , 17 , says officials killed the profile that told of his coming out Yearbook 's assistant editor : "  It 's big thing in Sheridan to be gay " Superintendent : "  We must make decisions that lead in the proper direction for all of our students "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- More than half of children taking antiviral drug Tamiflu suffer side-effects such as nausea , insomnia and nightmares , UK researchers have said . Anti-viral drug Tamiflu caused nausea , insomnia and nightmares among some children studies show . Two studies from experts at the Health Protection Agency  HPA  showed a "  high proportion " of British schoolchildren reporting problems after taking the anti-viral drug . Data was collected from children at three schools in London and one in south west England who were given Tamiflu earlier this year after classmates became infected . The studies by HPA experts were carried out in the early stages of the epidemic between April and May , when everyone sharing a classroom with a child who developed swine flu was given the drug , even if they showed no symptoms . Their research , published in the Eurosurveillance scientific journal , looked at side-effects reported by 11 and 12-year-old pupils in one school year in a secondary school in south west England . A total of 248 pupils took part in the study ; their school was closed for 10 days after a pupil there contracted swine flu during a holiday in Mexico , researchers said . Seventy-seven percent of these children took the full course of Tamiflu , according to researchers . The report said : "  Fifty-one percent experienced symptoms such as feeling sick  31.2 percent  , headaches  24.3 percent  and stomach ache  21.1 percent  . " One of the studies found that evidence of side-effects prompted UK ministers to change the policy so only confirmed or suspected cases were prescribed Tamiflu . The second study , also published by Eurosurveillance , looked at 103 children . The research found that 53 percent of children at three London schools had one or more side effects . The most common side effect was nausea , with 29 percent of the pupils complaining of this . Another 20 percent of those questioned by researchers complained of stomach pain or cramps , while 12 percent had problems sleeping , the study found . Almost one in five  18 percent  of the children reported a "  neuropsychiatric side effect , " such as poor concentration , inability to think clearly , problems sleeping , feeling dazed or confused , bad dreams or nightmares and "  behaving strangely , " researchers said . The UK 's Department of Health said in a statement : "  The European Union regulatory position remains that no causal association between Tamiflu  or Relenza  and an increase in neuropsychiatric events has been established . " Reports from Japan , where Tamiflu has in the past been widely-used against seasonal flu , has linked the drug in rare instances with unusual neurological and psychiatric disturbances in children , according to media reports . Japan is now advising against prescribing Tamiflu to youngsters aged 10 to 19 after its own studies revealed people reporting psychiatric symptoms , according to media reports . A spokeswoman for pharmaceutical company Roche , which manufactures Tamiflu , told CNN : "  Abnormal behavior is recognized to occur in patients with influenza virus infection including those taking and not taking antiviral drugs . "  Following extensive investigations , no mechanism has been identified by which Tamiflu could contribute to such events . Following a review by an FDA advisory committee in the US , the labels for both Relenza  zanamivir  and Tamiflu have been updated to inform physicians that influenza can be associated with a variety of neurologic and behavioural symptoms . "	Researchers say more than half of children who took Tamiflu suffered side-effects Among reactions were nausea , nightmares and insomnia in Japan is advising against prescribing Tamiflu to youngsters aged 10 to 19
The Frisky  -- When you break up with someone , how do you expect the people in your life to treat your ex ? On a recent Sunday , I read the "  Modern Love " column in The New York Times which explored that topic in an essay by Charles Antin . Antin had an amicable , cold-turkey breakup with his girlfriend of five years , and then found himself morosely following her life in the aftermath via Facebook . When his "  technophile " grandfather joined the social networking site and befriended his ex -- because of their shared love of Frangelico , it seems -- Antin was angry . The column ends with a bit of a whimper -- Antin confronted his grandfather , who ended up quitting Facebook entirely -- but it got me thinking about how we expect our family members and friends to treat our exes , and how we expect their family and friends to treat us , whether the breakup was amicable or not . When my ex and I broke up , I did n't have much to worry about on this front . While I was friendly with his friends and he was friendly with mine , we did n't really have mutual friends , so it was n't like anyone was in a position of "  choosing sides . " My family had never been close with him because we had n't spent too much time with them as a couple , so they had no interest in keeping in touch with him . And really , given the way things went down , everyone in my life kind of hated his guts . A few of my friends were Facebook friends with him before we broke up , and when we split , most of them asked if they should defriend him or not . I said , "  No , " because obviously someone needed to be keeping tabs on his relationship status changes , as well as post and tag photos of me looking happy for him to see . So I 've never been in the position of having to really "  think " about how I wanted my friends to treat my ex . They 've been doing it right since the second we broke up . However , one of my primary concerns when we broke up was how it was going to affect my relationship with his mom . Even though I had n't "  done " anything , would she still feel comfortable maintaining contact with me ? And even if she did want to remain a part of my life in the months after the breakup , what about when my ex brought home a new girlfriend for her to meet ? Would her friendship with me get in the way of her developing a bond with a new , potential daughter-in-law ? And what did he think of his mom still keeping in touch with his ex -- the very same ex who has , well , given him a piece of her mind on this very site  all of which could have been read by his mom  ? The Frisky : Is fighting healthy in a relationship ? All of this was weighing heavily on me in advance of my 30th birthday . Though my almost-mother-in-law and I had vowed to keep in touch , I had n't spoken with her since before I found out and wrote that my ex had likely cheated on me with his coworker  and lied about it  and had also lied about an incident early on in our relationship involving his ex-girlfriend . Since the last time we spoke , I had written about all of these things , as well as sent my ex an extremely angry and accusatory email  which he did n't acknowledge  , and I was worried a little that he had maybe bad-mouthed me to his parents -- i.e. , told them I was crazy -- in an attempt to cover his butt , should they confront him about the things I wrote about  in the event that they still read The Frisky  . I hesitated to check in with them because I did n't know what kind of reception I would get . I was pretty confident his mom knew me well enough that she would n't believe any lies he might tell and , despite everything , I had a hard time really believing my ex could be that vindictive . Turns out , my instinct was right -- his mom texted me on my birthday , as did his sister . It was a wonderful birthday present , knowing he had n't tried to taint their view of me and that they still very much wanted to keep in touch . The Frisky : When is the ideal time to get married ? I talked to his mom a few days after my birthday and we avoided the subject of my ex almost entirely , though she did say she had mentioned to him that she had wished me a happy birthday . She said he seemed a little weird about it , which I suppose is fair and normal . I respect him for not getting angry or demanding that we cease contact , I respect his mom for , well , not really caring whether it bugs him , and I am doing my best to respect the relationship  s  in general , by not making him a topic of conversation when we do speak . Of course , if I actually did want to discuss my ex with his mom -- and aside from a burning curiosity about whether he has introduced his parents to the aforementioned coworker , I really do n't -- that would be a sign that the friendship between us is n't the healthiest thing for me , as I take the final steps in moving on with my life . So , as far as keeping up relationships with an ex 's family and friends goes , proceed with caution . The Frisky : Forgiveness goes a long way TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Columnist ponders how your family and friends should treat your ex She was close to her ex 's mom and wanted to stay in touch with her She feared her ex might have badmouthed her , but he did not She told her friends they did not have to unfriend him on Facebook
CNN  -- There 's some work to be done to get United States airports on par with their global competitors . This is according to President Obama , who highlighted poor U.S. airport rankings during a press conference Tuesday . "  Just one interesting statistic when it comes to airports . There was a recent survey of the top airports in the country -- in the world -- and there was not a single U.S. airport that came in the top 25 . Not one -- not one U.S. airport was considered by the experts and consumers who use these airports to be in the top 25 in the world . I think Cincinnati airport came in around 30th , " Obama said as he addressed questions about the contentious debate over forced government budget cuts and the recent Federal Aviation Administration furloughs . Politics aside , the president is correct that Cincinnati 's airport was ranked 30th on a recent list of the world 's top 100 airports . Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport was the first U.S. airport to appear on the list , released earlier this month as part of the Skytrax World Airport Awards . And the world 's best airport is ... Singapore Changi Airport took the No. 1 spot , followed by Incheon International Airport in Seoul . Amsterdam 's Schiphol Airport ranked third . Of the top 10 airports , five were in Asia and four were in Europe . Vancouver International Airport , ranked No. 8 , was the only North American airport to make the top 10 . 17 U.S. airports made the top 100 : No. 30 : Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport No. 36 : Denver International Airport No. 40 : San Francisco International Airport No. 48 : Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport No. 54 : Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport No. 62 : Seattle-Tacoma International Airport No. 63 : New York JFK International Airport No. 71 : Minneapolis-St Paul International Airport No. 79 : Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport No. 80 : Houston George Bush Intercontinental Airport No. 84 : Chicago O'Hare International Airport No. 86 : Raleigh-Durham International Airport No. 87 : Charlotte/Douglas International Airport No. 88 : Boston Logan International Airport No. 93 : Newark Liberty International Airport No. 94 : Salt Lake City International Airport No. 97 : Pittsburgh International Airport Check in : World 's best airport hotels Skytrax 's World Airport Awards are based on 12.1 million survey questionnaires filled out by passengers covering 108 different nationalities and 395 airports worldwide during a nine-month survey period in 2012 and 2013 . The survey asked travelers about departures , arrivals and airport transit and includes questions about terminal amenities , comfort and cleanliness , security , staffing and other elements of the airport experience . What do you think ? Are U.S. airports underrated or in need of improvement ? Which airports need the most work ? What specifically needs addressing ?	President Obama called out poor U.S. airport rankings at a press conference Tuesday U.S. airports did n't rate among the top 25 world airports in a recent global survey Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport ranked 30th
CNN  -- Revelers in Brazil 's most famous city will enjoy more than just sun , live music and dancing when Carinval festivities start this week . Rio de Janeiro state officials are also giving away 3 million free condoms . The new government initiative aims to stop the spread of AIDS and other sexually transmitted diseases during the five-day event , the state health department said . This year 's campaign targets gay men between the ages of 19 and 24 , Brazilian Health Minister Alexandre Padilha said , according to state-run Agencia Brasil . "  There is a new generation that has not had the experience of seeing idols who fought at the beginning of the AIDS  epidemic  and who died , and therefore  they  are less sensitive to the risks of HIV infection , " Padilha said , referring to two Brazilian rock stars who died of AIDS in the 1990s . In addition to condoms , health officials also plan to hand out 330,000 paper fans with catchy slogans against STDs , 55,000 small bags party-goers can use to carry condoms and more than 160,000 informational pamphlets to crowds at samba dance performances and block parties during the legendary annual celebration . Other major cities in the country will have similar programs , according to Agencia Brasil . Sao Paulo , Salvador and Florianopolis have entered into partnerships with block parties and artists . Tents also will be set up throughout the cities to perform rapid testing for HIV and hepatitis . Despite widespread awareness of condoms , 40 % of young people in Brazil do not use condoms in all sexual relations , according to the health department .	Rio de Janeiro state officials are giving away 3 million free condoms Health minister : this year 's public health campaign targets young gay men "  A new generation ...  is  less sensitive to the risks of HIV infection , " he says Officials plan to hand out bags to carry condoms and paper fans with catchy slogans
CNN  -- Akil Vohra quit a lucrative job in international trade litigation to take up something he strongly believes in -- as a legal expert , a Muslim and , most importantly , he says , as an American . He wanted to make sure that Muslims could fulfill zakat , one of the five pillars of Islam that mandates the giving of alms . Zakat is especially important during the holy month of Ramadan , which ends on Saturday . But after the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , a dark cloud hung over Muslim charities as the federal government heightened scrutiny over terrorism concerns . Zakat suddenly became a risky religious obligation . Agencies all over America from women 's shelters and health clinics to inner-city community centers saw donation checks dry up . "  The fear of giving was very real , said Vohra , 33 , who now works for San Francisco-based Muslim Advocates , an agency that was created to address two needs in post-September 11 America : racial profiling of Muslims and charitable giving . Muslim Advocates partners with the Better Business Bureau to attain accreditation for Muslim nonprofits so that agencies can attain greater transparency and overcome perceptions of wrongdoing . Plus , people can feel more at ease about their donations . The Muslim Charities Accreditation Program , which began in August 2008 , examines nonprofits and trains agency leaders to comply with the federal government 's legal and financial regulations , said Vohra , the program 's legal counsel . Just before the start of Ramadan a month ago , three nonprofit organizations had met all 20 standards required for accreditation . Vohra said several others are going through the process . In turn , Vohra hopes that Muslim charities will start seeing more dollars come their way . "  We do n't make comments on which group to give to , " Vohra said . "  What we 're concerned about is giving the right way -- best practices for zakat . "  To be able to give freely is a right of all Americans . " he said . Vohra takes phone calls from people around the nation seeking guidance . "  We 're planning to send money , " people tell him . "  Is this group OK ? What 's the best way to send our donation ? " Because of the widespread concerns , Muslim Advocates decided to upload a guidance video on YouTube . It asks people to consider donating to U.S.-registered tax exempt charitable organizations . It tells them to make the intent of their donation clear , keep records and perhaps ask for proof that the funds were used for their intended purpose . The guidance became essential after the federal government cracked down on Muslim groups in 2001 , Vohra said . According to the American Civil Liberties Union , the Bush administration froze the assets of three U.S. charities -- the Holy Land Foundation for Relief and Development , Global Relief Foundation and Benevolence International Foundation -- during Ramadan in 2001 . Six others have been shuttered to date , the ACLU said . Only one , the Holy Land Foundation , was tied to terrorism after five of its leaders were convicted of providing money to the Palestinian militant group Hamas . "  The government 's actions against these three charities were the start of a pattern of conduct that violated the fundamental rights of American Muslims ' charitable giving in accordance with their faith , " the ACLU wrote in a report published in June . It said the result was that many in the American Muslim community restricted or stopped their donations altogether out of fear that they would be investigated for terrorism . Vohra , however , is hopeful the tide is turning . President Obama signaled change in his historic speech to the Muslim world delivered in Cairo , Egypt , earlier this year . Obama said he was committed to working with American Muslims to ensure they can fulfill zakat . Vohra said the accreditation program , along with new government perspective , can return confidence and comfort to a religious obligation for Muslims . "  It 's been tough for American Muslims post 9/11 , " he said . "  This has to do with civic engagement , to be treated as full Americans . "	U.S. government started cracking down on Muslim charities after 9/11 attacks Donation checks to shelters , community centers started to dry up Charities hope accreditation will overcome perceptions of wrongdoing
CNN  -- A fugitive fired a shot at bounty hunter Duane "  Dog " Chapman when he tried to apprehend him Tuesday night , the reality TV star told police . Duane "  Dog " Chapman , shown in Hawaii this month , "  does not carry lethal weapons , " his Web site says . Investigators in Colorado Springs , Colorado , did not find a gun , shell casings or bullet holes at the scene , but the man sought by Chapman was later arrested , according to Lt. David Whitlock , a spokesman for the city 's police department . Whitlock identified him as Hoang Nguyen , whose bail on an attempted murder charge had been revoked . Chapman , who is based in Hawaii , told police that he and a local bondsman were trying to take Nguyen into custody at a Colorado Springs apartment complex when he fired one shot from a handgun at him , Whitlock said . No one was wounded , the spokesman said . Watch Chapmans describe chasing suspect " Nguyen was jailed on the earlier attempted murder charge , but no charge related to Chapman 's complaint has been filed so far , Whitlock said . A statement posted Wednesday on Chapman 's Web site said Nguyen escaped on a motorcycle after he "  allegedly fired at least one shot at the Chapmans . " It said Chapman and his team were armed only with "  pepper ball guns . " " ` Dog ' does not carry lethal weapons , " the Web site said . Chapman 's spokeswoman , Mona Wood , told CNN that "  Dog the Bounty Hunter " was taping at the time , but that tape of the incident would not be released until the show airs . The show , which chronicles the life of Chapman and his bounty-hunting family , has aired on the A&E Television Network since 2004 . CNN 's Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	Duane "  Dog " Chapman says he , local bondsman were trying to apprehend man Colorado Springs police find no gun , shell casings or bullet holes at scene Man sought by Chapman later arrested , the city 's police department says "  Dog the Bounty Hunter " star 's Web site says his team only had "  pepper ball guns "
CNN  -- On Tuesday afternoon , the New York Times website experienced wide outage for several hours . Who has the nerve and ability to take down one of the most iconic newspapers in the world ? The Syrian Electronic Army , which is loyal to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , takes responsibility for the hack . This is not the first time the Syrian Electronic Army has attacked news organizations . The Washington Post , AP and others have been targeted in recent months as well . If the New York Times saw Syrian activists spray-painting slogans on its building , it could summon the minions of the law to detain them . But if you live far away in a place where American law does not apply , you are safe . It does not take much skill to intrude in cyberspace , and you can find free tools on the Internet that will let you stage a protest or an attack . When you log on to the Internet , you can send packets of digital data around the world in seconds . The speed of global connectivity gives the illusion that there are no borders . But this is not true . There are borders in cyberspace , they are just badly defended . The combination of high speeds , global reach and weak defenses means that someone sitting in Damascus or Tehran can take action in New York or Australia as easily as they could against the building across the street -- perhaps even easier as they wo n't have to leave their chair . The Syrian Electronic Army 's attacks are a form of protest against Western media 's portrayal of the Assad regime . Most experts think the Syrian Electronic Army is not the Syrian government , but "  patriotic hackers " who support it . This makes them harder to control and harder to find . The Syrian Electronic Army takes public diplomacy to a new level , letting individuals make their voices known on issues as easily as a government . What we have seen from the Syrian Electronic Army is political action and sometimes political theater . Hacker groups like Anonymous , WikiLeaks or the Syrian Electronic Army have a symbiotic relationship with media that helps turn minor exploits into front-page news . The Syrian Electronic Army likes to go after the media because this is one way to make sure your message is heard . The Syrian Electronic Army 's message to the Western media is one of scorn , ridicule and belittlement . This week 's attack showed more skill than earlier episodes . It resembled a cyber attack made by Iran against dissidents in 2011 . Perhaps the Iranians are helping the SEA in cyberspace , but it 's more likely that they provided inspiration . The Syrian Electronic Army broke into the Australian company that hosts The Times ' website  called a registrar  and changed its Internet addresses . This redirection was invisible to users who tried to visit NYTimes.com -- they either could n't connect or were sent to another website controlled by the Syrians . The hackers got inside the target network and made some fundamental changes to how it worked . Some security experts have pointed out that The Times made its own networks vulnerable because of a "  misstep " and as a result its website was easier to hack . So far , the Syrian Electronic Army 's actions have been embarrassing rather than damaging . The attackers probably do n't know how to carry out a more destructive attack . But with time they could easily learn . The Syrian Electronic Army 's hacking wo n't change the outcome of the conflict in Syria  whatever that will be  , but we do n't want to discount the political effect of their actions . Some audiences in the Middle East likely enjoy seeing Western institutions humbled , and the Syrian Electronic Army is helping to dispel a sense of powerlessness against the Western behemoth . It boosts morale . We also do n't want to discount the risks . If the Syrian Electronic Army can slip by feeble defenses to make fun of the media , someone else might be able to get in and cause more serious disruption . There are a lot of reasons why the Syrian Electronic Army might choose not to launch this kind of crippling cyber attack , but the strength of our defense is n't one of them . There are things that companies can do to protect themselves . Australia 's Signals Directorate , the equivalent of NSA , has a list of mitigation strategies that would have block most of the Syrian Electronic Army does , but they are n't well known in the U.S. . The global Internet brings tremendous , benefit but the threats are growing faster than our defenses . It 's a vulnerable place with few rules . Until this is changed , hacks on The New York Times and others will be the norm , not the exception . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James Lewis .	On Tuesday afternoon , the New York Times website went down for several hours James Lewis : Syrian Electronic Army launched the attack to protest the West He says the group of "  patriotic hackers " dislike U.S. media portrayal of al-Assad regime Lewis : Some audiences in the Mideast enjoy seeing Western institutions humbled
CNN  -- South African rugby union stars Chiliboy Ralepelle and Bjorn Basson are free to play again after their bans for testing positive for a prohibited stimulant were scrapped . The pair were charged after South Africa 's test match against Ireland in Dublin back in November 2010 after testing positive for a substance known as methylhexaneamine  MHA  . Ralepelle and Basson were immediately banned from rugby and sent home from the tour . The supplement was supplied to them by the South African medical team . But at a hearing in Cape Town , their advocate Attie Heyns successfully challenged the ban on the basis that MHA had been downgraded by the World Anti Doping Agency  WADA  . Ralepelle told the official South African Rugby Union  SARU  website : "  Finally the facts are out there and people can see that we were not guilty and are not doping cheats , " he said . "  We were only doing what the large majority of professional rugby players around the world do by using a supplement . "  Bjorn and I were the unlucky ones to be tested on the day and to have had to go through the trauma of the past two-and-a-half months . We 're both now just looking forward to playing again and closing this chapter once and for all . " The South African team , known as the Springboks , has now changed its approach to supplements and will not be issuing any to team members . The chief executive of SARU Jurie Roux added : "  This verdict completely quashes any idea that either the players or the team were guilty of any attempt to cheat . No responsibility attaches to the players at all . "  The banned stimulant was in a supplement given to the players in the warm-up before the test against Ireland and is a product that has been used by the Springboks before -- without any adverse analytical findings -- and is used by other professional and national teams in both hemispheres . "  That the players subsequently tested positive for a banned stimulant was an enormous shock to the Springbok team , management and to SARU and I am most sorry that the players have had to endure the stress and stigma attached to a failed dope test . "  Hopefully this verdict will have laid to rest any idea of any wrong doing on their part . "	Chiliboy Ralepelle and Bjorn Basson free to play rugby for South Africa again Pair have their bans for testing positive for a banned stimulant quashed The supplement was given to them by the South African team 's medical department Ralepelle says he is pleased the case is over and that he has been cleared
Havana , Cuba  CNN  You would think if something was not officially permitted in communist-controlled Cuba then it would be forbidden . But that 's not the way Cubans see things . They regard many facets of daily life as falling into a gray area -- open to their own selective interpretation , at least until the authorities catch up with them . That was the case when I decided to join 93-year-old Tono Torrente on a trip to the outskirts of Havana to a cockfighting arena . On paper , this was a privately operated , underground venue -- unsanctioned and unregulated by the Cuban state . For a semi-clandestine event , it was clear plenty of people seemed to know about it . As I picked my way down a short dirt track and past a couple of tethered oxen , I heard voices shouting and what sounded like scores of roosters crowing . In front of a metal gate , two men barred my way . "  There 's a problem , " they said . I assumed they were referring to the camera gear in my hands , or the fact I was a foreigner . "  Entrance fee will cost you 75  Cuban  pesos , " they said . That 's the equivalent of about three U.S. dollars -- more than half a week 's salary for a Cuban state worker . But for me , it was the price of passage into the twilight world of many ordinary Cubans , where rules are never quite what they seem . On the other side of the gate one of the first people I ran into was the event organizer . Not allowed , but not really forbidden "  Well , this definitely is n't permitted but I do n't really think it 's forbidden , " he said laughing and explaining he 'd been staging cockfights every Saturday for the last 14 years . Many fans of the bloodsport had told me stories of how they had been at fights that had been raided by the police and were forced to run away to avoid arrest . When I asked this organizer how he had managed to sidestep sanctions for so long , he winked and placed two fingers on his shoulder -- a hint he was bribing a contact in the security services to turn a blind eye . Talking about official corruption , however , is highly frowned upon -- as well as bad for his business -- so I made my way ringside without further questions . The cockpit and small terraced stands were made of welded scraps of rusty metal . Not elegant , but highly effective . About 200 men and a handful of women and children were clinging to the bars , cheering on their favored rooster as it flapped and scrapped in a sawdust circle . My guide for the day , Tono Torrente , who lives miles away in ornate Old Havana , quickly filled me in on tactics . "  It 's part technique and part luck , " he said . "  In fact , it 's mostly luck . It 's a bit like life itself . If you were born to win then you 'll win . But if you were born to lose , it does n't matter how good you are , you 'll end up like this , " he said , flapping his arm and simulating the death of a rooster . I 'd met Torrente a few days earlier as I searched for a barber 's shop . The salon was closed , but Torrente sat nearby clipping the belly feathers off one of the four fighting cocks he is currently rearing . His birds are still too young and too underweight . He 's feeding them corn and putting them on a strict training routine . But on the Saturday afternoon I joined him , he had no direct stake in the fights . Dollars exchange hands at the ring Cockfighting itself may be somewhat a gray area -- the letter of the law appears to permit a handful state-run events at venues where health and safety measures are enforced but bans private events , like the one I was at . But Cuban law seems unequivocal in declaring gambling illegal . Prior to Fidel Castro 's 1959 Revolution , the U.S. mafia controlled casinos and prostitution in Cuba . Thanks to the income from those rackets , the capos also had a say in how government was run . The revolution 's law book somehow seemed to have been misplaced here on the outskirts of Havana . Gamblers shouted across the arena and flicked hand signs at one another , offering odds to any takers . When one rooster collapsed in a bloodied heap and the other was hoisted victorious , small wads of banknotes changed hands . On the sidelines of the cockfight , a man running a dice game on a green baize table invited me take to a photo . He quickly rescinded the offer when I reminded him dice games and gambling were illegal . "  You ca n't get rid of cockfighting , it 's part of Cuban culture . It 's the sport of the common people , " one prize cock owner , who gave him name as Noel , told me . Beyond the question of legality , it 's clear cockfighting is a passion for some in Cuba -- like in other parts of Latin America . Torrente told me he grew up in western Cuba alongside a cockpit . "  Ever since I was born there was a cockfighting arena near my house . The peasants would come on their horse to the fights . I used to love that , " he said . Torrente 's father died when he was just a boy . His uncle Antonio paid for his upbringing . His uncle left Cuba in the early 1920s for New York and worked as a traveling pharmaceutical salesman . Uncle Antonio used to send a check back to Torrente 's mother every month . And when Torrente was 12 -- in the early 1930s -- his uncle sent for him and put him into school in New York . By his own admission , Torrente learned nothing and was an appalling student . He remembers swimming in the Hudson River when he should have been in class . His uncle sent him back to Havana after a year . "  They told my uncle not to waste any more of his money on my education . It was n't worth it , " Torrente explained . Women , cockfighting and boxing By the time the Cuban Revolution came , Torrente says his uncle had purchased six or seven buildings in Havana as an investment . He had also gifted a barber 's shop to Torrente who took up the trade . But Castro and his rebels stripped wealthy , absentee landowners like Torrente 's Uncle Antonio of his property and redistributed some of it among society 's poorest . Torrente was left with a single apartment where he 's lived for the last 60 years . Three of his own children decided to leave Cuba and head to the United States . But Torrente says he refused to go for a very simple reason . "  Cockfighting was illegal in the United States . I did n't want to go , " he said . "  When it boils down to it , I think life revolves around just three things : women , cockfighting and boxing , " he said . In Cuba he had all three . Torrente is clearly no fan of Cuba 's socialist system . "  It seemed that when the Revolution took place everything was going to change and get better . But for me and many others it did n't . They took away my barber 's shop . They took my uncle 's buildings . Now I get just $ 9 pension a month , " he said . Then he gently placed his index finger on the tip of his tongue . "  But you ca n't speak too much about that , " he said , reflecting the reticence of an older generations of Cubans not to openly voice criticism of the government to strangers . With U.S. President Barack Obama 's December announcement to work towards normalization of ties with an old Cold War foe , Torrente is hopeful . He says he doubts he will live to see the Cuban government returning the property it expropriated from his uncle . But the easing of trade and travel restrictions will make it easier for his three children and grandchildren to come back and forth to visit from Florida . The changes will also allow his relatives , if they can afford it , to send higher value remittances to fund him in his retirement . Funding his retirement , of course , means funding his undying passion for fighting cocks . On sunny days , Torrente places his four raucous roosters in separate , small cages outside on the sidewalk . And while he is surely hoping for a thaw in U.S.-Cuba relations , he 's reserving his biggest hope for a young rooster he calls Painted Indian . Torrente sets him on a rusty kitchen scale , holds up three fingers and says : "  He weighs three pounds . Maybe in six months he 'll be ready . I think he 's going to be a great fighter . "	Visit to cockfighting ring on the edge of Havana is a study in contradictions Government forbids it and gambling -- well , maybe Bird owner : It 's part technique , and part luck
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A blast targeting Shiites in a busy Pakistani marketplace killed at least 78 people on Saturday , police told CNN . The attack in the southwestern Pakistan city of Quetta left at least 180 people wounded . The explosives were packed into a parked water tanker and were remotely detonated , said Mir Zubair Mehmood , a senior police official in Quetta . The South Asian nation , overwhelmingly Sunni , has been beset by sectarian strife and attacks for years . Mehmood said the attack targeted a Shiite Hazara community . Ethnic Hazaras live mostly in Afghanistan , and there are also Hazara enclaves in Afghanistan and Iran . President Asif Ali Zardari and Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf strongly condemned the bombing and vowed to go after the militants . Earlier this year , a wave of attacks in Quetta left 87 people dead in the Shiite community .	At least 78 people are killed and 180 wounded , police say Attack hit a Shiite Hazara community Pakistan 's prime minister and president condemn the attack
Cairo  CNN  -- Egypt 's military-backed government signaled Wednesday that it plans to disperse supporters of deposed President Mohamed Morsy camped out at sit-ins in Cairo , raising fears it will trigger violent confrontations . Citing a threat to national security and traffic congestion , interim Interior Minister Mohamed Ibrahim was authorized to take "  all necessary measures to face these dangers and end them , " Information Minister Durriya Sharaf el-Din said in a televised speech following the weekly Cabinet meeting . "  The acts of terrorism and the blocking of roads are no longer acceptable and represent a threat to national security and terrorize citizens , " Sharaf el-Din said . The statement is being widely interpreted by local media outlets as a green light for security forces to disperse the thousands of protesters at the sit-ins at squares in Rabaa al-Adawiya and Nahda Masr . The announcement comes just days after more than 150 people died in clashes in Cairo and Alexandria , killings that were widely condemned by world leaders and the United Nations . Protesters accused police of opening fire and killing 72 people during a pro-Morsy demonstration in Nasr City , an area of Cairo where the Muslim Brotherhood has made its base . Amnesty International called the announcement "  a recipe for further bloodshed . " "  Given the Egyptian security forces ' record of policing demonstrations with the routine use of excessive and unwarranted lethal force , this latest announcement gives a seal of approval to further abuse , " said Hassiba Hadj Sahraoui , deputy director for the Middle East and North Africa at Amnesty International . The Interior Ministry is studying the appropriate measures for dealing with the protesters and any weapons and "  external elements " in the two squares , state-run EGYNews said , citing a high-level security source . The source said forces would approach the mission according to the law and in phases , beginning with a warning , then use tear gas until the need for legitimate self-defense . Since Morsy was ousted from office on July 3 , hundreds of people have been killed and thousands more wounded . The former Muslim Brotherhood leader became Egypt 's first democratically president in June 2012 but quickly found himself at odds with the opposition before the military removed him from power and detained him this month . He has not been seen publicly since he was overthrown . Morsy is being held in relation for a jailbreak that took place during Egypt 's 2011 revolution but well before he came to power , state media reported . One protester downplayed the Cabinet statement . "  It would be ridiculous to assume that the military is waiting for permission from government , " Reda Abdelaziz , a member of the pro-Morsy Anti-Coup Alliance , told CNN . A doctor at the Muslim Brotherhood field hospital in Rabaa al-Adawiya said his entire family is at the sit-in and they 're prepared for the worst . "  We will never leave . All the families are coming here , and we will stay , " said Hesham Ibrahim . Several Egyptian human rights groups demanded in a statement released Tuesday the the interior minister resign over Saturday 's killings and demanded that government forces refrain from further violence . Muslim Brotherhood officials said on the group 's website that they will continue protesting until Morsy is put back in office . Also , prosecutors have extended the detention of top Muslim Brotherhood leaders for 15 days over charges of inciting to kill protesters in front of the Muslim Brotherhood office in the days before the July 3 military coup , state-run Nile TV said . They include Khairat el-Shater and Mohammed Rashad Bayoumi . AU delegation visit A high-level African Union delegation working to ease tensions in Egypt met with Morsy and the leaders who replaced his Muslim Brotherhood-backed administration after coup , the AU said Wednesday . This comes amid international efforts to forge stability in a country seething with political tension and reeling from spurts of sporadic and deadly violence after Morsy was toppled on the heels of mass protests against his rule . Opinion : Morsy holds key to Egypt 's future The three-person AU group is sitting down in Cairo with a range of people in the same week that Catherine Ashton , the European Union foreign policy chief , met with current leaders , Muslim Brotherhood members and Morsy -- now held at an undisclosed location on a variety of criminal charges . "  The establishment of the Panel and its current visit to Cairo are part of the AU 's efforts to assist Egypt in addressing the challenges confronting the country and ensuring that the legitimate aspirations of its people are fulfilled , " the AU said in a statement . Opinion : How to rescue the Arab Spring "  In so doing , the AU is acting on the basis of its relevant instruments and in the spirit of African solidarity , as Egypt 's challenges are also Africa 's challenges . A stable , democratic and prosperous Egypt constitutes a tremendous asset for the AU , as it strives to achieve its stated objectives . " The delegation consists of three former leaders : former Malian President Alpha Oumar Konare , former Botswana President Festus Mogae and former Djibourti Prime Minister Dileita Mohammed Dileita . Along with Morsy , the panel met with acting President Adly Mansour , interim Vice President Mohamed ElBaradei and Gen. Abdel Fattah al-Sisi , the man who led the coup . Interactive : Africa 's rocky road to democracy It also sat down with Foreign Minister Nabil Fahmy , Arab League Secretary-General Nabil Elaraby and representatives of several political movements . It plans to meet with the pope of the Coptic Orthodox Church , a women 's group and diplomats . U.S. Senate acts The Senate on Wednesday defeated a proposal to cut off U.S. aid to Egypt . The measure was pushed by Sen. Rand Paul , R-Kentucky , after the military takeover in Egypt . Before the vote , Paul noted that the law is clear : Aid must end to a government where there is a military coup . But the measure , which would have shut off $ 1.5 billion in aid to Cairo , got the backing of only 13 senators . CNN 's Schams Elwazer reported from Cairo . CNN 's Joe Sterling reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Lisa Desjardins , Yousuf Basil , Arwa Damon and journalist Sarah Sirgany contributed to this report .	NEW : Amnesty International calls the government plan a "  recipe for bloodshed " Sit-ins called a "  threat to national security " This comes on the same week the EU 's Catherine Ashton visited The delegation consists of one-time national leaders
