CNN  -- The promoter for famed Filipino fighter Manny Pacquiao says he expects to swiftly resolve a dispute with the country 's tax authorities that have led to the boxer 's assets being frozen in his homeland . The 34-year-old Pacquiao , who is also a second-term Philippines congressman , announced Tuesday his domestic bank accounts had been frozen , along with his wife 's , over allegations he had evaded paying $ 50 million in taxes on highly-paid bouts in the United States . The move has prevented the boxer from following through on a pledge to help victims of Super Typhoon Haiyan on the back of his comeback win over American Brandon Rios in Macau over the weekend . Pacquiao dedicated his victory to those affected by the disaster , tweeting after the fight : "  Yesterday 's victory was n't about my comeback but a symbol of my people 's comeback from a natural disaster and a human tragedy . " The fighter told reporters in his hometown , General Santos City , that he had paid the correct taxes in the United States , and was not required to pay additional tax in the Philippines under a treaty preventing double taxation . "  I am not a criminal or a thief , " he said . "  The money ... is not stolen ... This came from all of the punches , beatings , blood and sweat that I endured in the ring . " Pacquiao 's promoter , Bob Arum of Las Vegas-based Top Rank , said in a statement that Pacquiao had paid the necessary taxes to the United States government from the period under scrutiny , which included Pacquiao 's boxing heyday from 2008-9 . "  Filipino authorities confirmed that Manny is not required to pay double tax , " he said . He said Top Rank had paid monies owed from Pacquiao 's earnings -- 30 % of fight purses -- to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service  IRS  via electronic funds transfer  EFT  , and had submitted copies of deposit acknowledgments to the Philippines Bureau of Internal Revenue  BIR  as proof of payment . But the tax authorities had rejected the documents as proof . "  The BIR received the documents but directed Manny to obtain ` certified ' documents directly from the IRS itself , " he said . "  As I am sure people appreciate , obtaining certified copies of documents from the IRS takes time . Manny made the formal request to the IRS and we have every expectation that the necessary documents will be furnished to the BIR very soon . " Pacquiao 's unanimous points victory over Rios was seen as reviving his career following a knock-out loss to Mexico 's Juan Manuel Marquez in December 2012 . The win in Macau raised spirits in the Philippines , where thousands of fans in the city of Tacloban , one of the hardest struck cities , gathered to watch the fight in public spaces .	Filipino boxer Pacquiao has had his assets in his homeland frozen Philippines tax authorities are seeking proof he paid $ 50 million in taxes on U.S. earnings Pacquiao 's promoter says he is seeking documentation from U.S. tax authorities The freeze has delayed the boxer from delivering promised typhoon relief
Baghdad  CNN  -- Throngs of jubilant Iraqis , some so happy they wept , gathered early Tuesday at Baghdad 's al-Shaab Stadium for the country 's first international soccer match in years . "  I can not believe my eyes , " exclaimed Hussein Jasim , 19 . He wept and shouted "  Allahu Akbar ! " or "  God is great ! " "  I have not seen in my entire life that many Iraqis gathered in one location happy , dancing and chanting , " he said . "  I am not used to it . ... It 's my happiest moment ! " A decade after the Iraq War began , Alaa Rahem felt something he had n't in a long time in this country with tenuous peace -- optimism . "  I have been waiting for this moment , " he said . "  It is time for Iraqis to live together peacefully . Enough killings and destruction . Let 's live together peacefully like we are doing now from inside this stadium . I look around me , and I see Iraqis from different sects shouting ... ` Yes ! Yes for Iraq ! ' " It was the first international soccer match in Baghdad since Iraq 's 4-0 victory over the Palestinian team during a friendly game in July 2009 -- and the first home game inside Iraq since the international soccer governing association , FIFA , lifted a ban last week . Under that ban , Iraq was forbidden from hosting home games after security and technical issues emerged from its loss to Jordan 's team in the northern Iraqi city of Irbil in September 2011 . Because Tuesday 's game was "  friendly , " the Iraqi Football Association got to choose their opponent . And it chose Syria . "  I do n't see why we should not play with Syria in a friendly game , " said Iraqi fan Khalid al-Jumaili . "  Syria is our neighbor , and they need our support . "  Syria opened its borders to all Iraqis over the past years , " he said . "  It 's time for us to pay it back to them and show our support to Syrian people . " Choosing to play Syria seemed amusing to one Iraqi fan . "  I do n't know why we started our friendly game with Syria , " Adel Zaalan said , laughing . "  I believe Iraq should have started to play a friendly game with a country that does not have internal problems . It would be much more solid start for Iraq . " "  Do n't get me wrong , " he continued . "  I am not against it at all or against Syrian people , but this could be a good propaganda for Assad regime . " There did n't appear to be any Syrian fans waving flags or holding signs with any political message at Tuesday 's match . For two years , Syria has been locked in a civil war pitting the regime of President Bashar al-Assad against rebels who are trying to oust him . The rebels and human rights organizations say al-Assad 's forces have committed war crimes ; al-Assad claims the violence in Syria is the work of terrorists . The United Nations says the war has claimed 70,000 lives . It 's highly unlikely Iraq chose to play Syria for political reasons , said CNN contributor James Montague , who wrote the book "  When Friday Comes , " a rollicking first-person adventure through the intersection of religion , war , politics and soccer in the Middle East . Iraq needed to choose a team that was nearby , and schedules seemed to align for both teams , he said . "  And you 're not going to ask a marquee team to come to Baghdad , " Montague said . They might not be Real Madrid , but the Syrian national soccer team is nothing to sniff at . The team has been enjoying a bang-up year , Montague said . They almost qualified for the 2012 Summer Olympics in London , and they made the quarterfinals of a major youth tournament last year . Despite the irony of their team 's success amid the backdrop of their country 's bitter civil war , the players have avoided discussing the situation in Syria , said Montague , who reported for The New York Times on Syria 's Olympics qualifying match in Jordan . "  There were a lot of interpreters with the squad who seemed to deflect questions , but I have no idea if they were with the -LSB- Syrian -RSB- regime , " he said . "  We 'll probably never now what 's going on behind the scenes until after the war . " While Syria descends deeper into conflict , Iraq is slowly recovering after a decade of war that divided the country along sectarian lines . On Tuesday , inside and outside Baghdad 's al-Shaab Stadium , Iraqis of all ages and backgrounds agreed on one thing -- their "  Lions of the Mesopotamia " were going to win . Six minutes into the second half , the Iraqis scored . Captain Younis Mahmoud , nicknamed "  The Ripper , " drove the ball into the net . The Lions would take it , 2-1 . Mahmoud , who sports a tattoo of Iraq on his arm , is beloved in his home country . He scored the winning goal in the Asian Football Confederation 's 2007 AFC Asian Cup when the Lions beat Saudi Arabia 1-0 in a stunning victory that became a national point of pride . Mahmoud 's war story is also famous , Montague notes , having moved to Qatar to be with his family despite that he could have easily taken offers from various European teams to join them . Many of Mahmoud 's teammates went through hell , some telling of torture by Saddam Hussein 's son Uday when they did n't perform well on the field . And then there 's the specter of violence tied to matches past . During the semifinal of the 2007 Asia Cup win , two car bombs went off in Baghdad killing scores of people . "  The match today is a sign that things are improving , " said Montague . "  It 's also a huge test for the government . But for Iraqis , football is everything . The return of football is a return to normality . " CNN 's Joe McCurdy contributed to this report .	First international soccer match in Baghdad in years brings Iraqis to tears "  It 's my happiest moment ! " an Iraqi fan exclaims Iraqi Football Association chose to play Syrians , who are caught up in civil war
BANGKOK , Thailand  CNN  -- Myanmar 's government announced Thursday that it will begin circulating a new currency note next week . The new note would be the largest unveiled by the military regime . The 5,000 kyat note , which is worth less than US$ 5 , will be the largest bank note that the southeast Asian country has ever had . It will be released into circulation on October 1 , according to an announcement on Myanmar 's state-run MRTV . There was no explanation for the government 's decision to introduce the new bill . Currently , the largest note is the 1,000 kyat bill , which is worth less than $ 1 The announcement has raised concerns that Myanmar 's economy is not faring well , said a veteran independent journalist who lives in Yangon . He declined to be named citing security concerns . Myanmar is a closed country whose military rulers have a tight grip on information and do not tolerate dissent or criticism . The journalist said the cost of living is already high for the average person in Myanmar , which is also known as Burma . The decision to introduce the 5,000 kyat bill could depreciate the value of the country 's currency and have broader economic repercussions , he said . The sudden cancellation of some Burmese currencies in 1987 sparked anger and led to a mass demonstration in August 1988 . At that time , people 's savings were diminished overnight .	The new 5,000 kyat note is worth less than US$ 5 Currently the largest Myanmar bank note is the 1,000 kyat bill Announcement raised concerns Myanmar 's economy is not faring well Decision could depreciate the value of the country 's currency
Cairo  CNN  -- A pipeline that supplies gas from Egypt to Israel exploded Monday in the northern Sinai Peninsula near Bir el-Adb , an Egyptian security official said . The explosion appears to be an act of sabotage , said Gen. Saleh al-Masri , the head of security in Egypt 's northern Sinai Peninsula . "  It is an act of sabotage , but the army and members of Egyptian Natural Gas Company are on the scene trying to understand what happened , " al-Masri said . The explosion has shut off the flow of gas to Israel and Jordan , said Ayman Jahin , a general manager at the gas company . It is the third such attack on Egyptian pipeline infrastructure since the toppling of Hosni Mubarak 's government earlier in the year . The first two attacks resulted in a halt in the flow of gas to Israel , which receives about 40 % of its natural gas from Egypt . The army cordoned off the area around the explosion , asking onlookers to return home , " Mohamed Sabry , a freelance journalist at the scene , told CNN . He said flames could be seen shooting into the sky hours after the explosion . Firefighters were working to contain the fire , he said . Delivery of Egyptian gas to Israel came to a halt after an April attack on a pipeline in the Sinai Peninsula . The flow of gas through the pipeline to Israel was restored in early June . In February , a gas pipeline in El Arish that sent natural gas to Jordan was set on fire , shutting off the flow of gas to not only Israel but but Syria , Jordan and Lebanon as well . The issue of gas sales to Israel has become highly controversial in Egypt with various allegations circulating that Israel received below market prices for the gas and that Egyptian government officials enriched themselves on the deal . The Israeli government and Israeli investors in the pipeline have categorically denied below market pricing for the gas and last month one of the major investors released a statement expressing public frustration that the Egyptian government was not moving more quickly to get the gas flowing again and threatened to pursue legal action . The pipeline between Egypt and Israel became operational in 2008 and the arrangement represents one of the major economic agreements between the two countries . CNN 's Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	Flow of gas to Israel and Jordan from Egypt has been shut off The army has cordoned off the area and asked onlookers to leave It is the third such attack since Mubarak 's government was toppled Israel receives approximately 40 % of its natural gas from Egypt
CNN  No more pre-mixed drinks . Security at the doors . And sober brothers at every event , guarding the stairs and with key access to each room . Those are some of the rules that fraternities will have to abide by if they want to throw a party , the University of Virginia says . UVA shut down Greek social life on November 21 , two days after the publication of a now-discredited Rolling Stone magazine article about an alleged gang rape in a fraternity house on the Charlottesville campus . The article 's credibility aside , the university acknowledged this week that it needs to evaluate a broader problem , and said the Greek life "  pause " was intended to allow leadership to work on improving safety at fraternity and sorority events . Reinstatement comes with a stipulation that each Greek organization agree by January 16 to new rules -- devised by UVA 's Greek leadership councils -- for university social events . Among them are requirements that at least three members of a fraternity be "  sober and lucid " at each fraternity function , and at least one of the "  sober brothers " have key access to every room in the fraternity house during the party , according to the document . Also , pre-mixed drinks or punches are prohibited from fraternity parties . Beer and wine must be opened and "  poured visibly at the bar by a sober brother . " And security officers must be hired to monitor the entrance at parties where there are fewer fraternity members than nonmembers . "  I believe the new safety measures recommended by the student leaders in the Greek community will help provide a safer environment for their members and guests , " UVA President Teresa Sullivan said in a press release . Accusations and contradictions "  A Rape On Campus , " the 9,000-word article by Sabrina Erdely in the November 19 issue of Rolling Stone , initially garnered widespread , mostly sympathetic media attention . In the article , a woman identified only as Jackie , claims that she was brutally raped by seven men at the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity house , while two more gave encouragement , during a party on September 28 , 2012 , while she was a freshman . Within days , critics began to question some of the story 's details , as well as Rolling Stone 's decision not to contact the alleged attackers . The Washington Post , CNN and other news outlets followed up , identifying a number of contradictions and discrepancies . Two of Jackie 's friends told CNN that numerous details of the alleged attack as related by Rolling Stone were entirely different from what Jackie told them that night . And they said that , while it seemed clear that she had been traumatized , they saw no injuries consistent with an attack as vicious as the article describes . Nonetheless , one of the two friends said , he "  did n't have any doubts " that the version she told him at the time was true . Phi Kappa Psi said that the man Jackie claimed had lured her to a dark room was never a member . It also cited records showing it did not have a party on the night in question , and said its house does n't have a side staircase -- important because Jackie described descending such a staircase as she left , bloodied and broken . "  It 's not part of our culture . It 's just not true , " said the fraternity 's attorney , Ben Warthen . On December 5 , the magazine published an editor 's note that said "  we apologize to anyone who was affected by the story and we will continue to investigate the events of that evening " in late 2012 when the alleged attack occurred . The magazine admitted that Erdely had not contacted the man who Jackie claimed orchestrated the alleged attack , nor did she contact any of the men she said were participants , fearing that they would retaliate against her . In an article detailing the key contradictions , the Washington Post reported that it had interviewed Jackie and that she stood by her story . The Post article came out the same day as the Rolling Stone editor 's note . Police are continuing to investigate the allegations , and a state investigation of UVA 's treatment of sexual assault allegations is ongoing . Students return from winter break this week , and classes begin Monday for the spring semester . CNN 's Brian Stelter contributed to this report .	New safety measures have been imposed on fraternities and sororities at the University of Virginia Fraternities must designate "  sober brothers " at every party and can not serve pre-mixed drinks
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghanistan 's parliament voted to sack its two top security ministers on Saturday for failing to respond to rocket shelling from Pakistan . The voting to dismiss Defense Minister Gen. Abdul Rahim Wardak and Interior Minister Gen. Besmillah Mohammadi was aired on national TV . The men will stay in their posts until replacements are announced . Afghan President Hamid Karzai will decide when he will nominate replacements after meeting with his national security council on Sunday , a Karzai spokesman told CNN . The Pakistani military has shelled Afghanistan several times this year , actions that have enraged Afghan authorities . Eight people were killed in eastern Afghanistan in one instance last month when more than 300 rockets were fired by the Pakistan army stationed near the border . The Pakistani military said the country 's troops only engage militants where they attack . There are militant strongholds on both sides of the Afghan-Pakistani border . NATO-led forces and Afghan government forces have been battling the Taliban and al Qaeda in the region for years .	Afghanistan 's interior and defense ministers are voted out Pakistan has shelled Afghanistan several times this year There are militant strongholds on both sides of the Afghan-Pakistani border
CNN  -- Prince is back in a big way . The legendary musician is putting his reclusive reputation to the side to celebrate the simultaneous release of two albums out this week : "  Art Official Age " and "  PlectrumElectrum , " his first studio albums since 2010 . "  Art Official Age " is being billed as Prince 's latest solo effort , while "  PlectrumElectrum " is the first release from his band 3rdEyeGirl . The former is described as a classic Prince album : "  A contemporary concoction of soul , R&B and funk , " a recent press release said . The latter is a live band record , featuring the musician surrounded by three female rockers . The hitmaker kicked off the week with a party livestreamed on Yahoo Tuesday night , his only scheduled performance surrounding the release . Rapper of the moment Kendrick Lamar joined the Purple One on stage , and the event included a rare tour of Paisley Park , Prince 's legendary studio complex , where most of his recording over the years has taken place . The 90-minute event only contained three live performances , however . Prince also sought a greater social media influence , joining Facebook Tuesday to host a live Q&A with fans . The star might not have a full grasp on the requirements of being social online : It took Prince three hours to begin his answering duties , and he only ended up responding to one question . Prince now has 34 albums under his belt , but that does n't mean he ca n't use the extra push . The "  Purple Rain " star has n't had a platinum album since 2004 's "  Musicology , " and has n't had a song break the Top 40 since 1995 . But he has been a consistent touring artist , and appears to have used 2014 to get his brand back into the pop culture consciousness . Indeed , he 's been pretty un-reclusive so far this year . The Grammy winner kicked off the year with a guest star stint on the post-Super Bowl episode of "  New Girl , " even releasing a duet with the show 's star , Zooey Deschanel . The appearance was followed by a sold-out European tour and a headlining gig at the Essence Festival in New Orleans in July . The release marks Prince 's return to Warner Bros. . Records , which released many of the star 's early hits . It was that break-up that sent the musician to change his name to a symbol moniker . Prince now owns the masters to his Warner Bros. recordings in a deal he was able to work out with the label . "  Art Official Age " and "  PlectrumElectrum " are both available for streaming on Spotify .	Prince released "  Art Official Age " and "  PlectrumElectrum " Tuesday . "  Art " is considered classic Prince ; other is a band record from 3rdEyeGirl Singer and guitarist has been active this year
CNN  -- Nearly a week after the bloody weekend crackdown on Iranian protesters , the issue is still generating thousands of posts on Twitter , YouTube , and Facebook . CNN 's Iran desk is analyzing dozens of Internet videos of the violent demonstrations on Dec. 23-24 in which at least seven protesters were killed . Hundreds of "  tweets " are still being posted onto Twitter every hour . Each day , thousands of people are joining a Facebook page dedicated to supporting the anti-government protesters , called "  100 Million Facebook Members for Iran . " Here is a rundown of the latest social media trends that CNN has compiled : Twitter : Most Shared Articles on Iran • U.S. Iran standing in its own way with nuke plan • Iran gives West one-month ultimatum to accept uranium swap • Total wealth of Khamenei and family $ 36 billion • Iranian opposition grows beneath surface • Shah 's son urges international protest over Iran Most Popular Iran Hashtags on Twitter #iran #iranelections #ashura #hhrs #news #iranprotests #sharia #united4iran #protests #Tryant #VivaLiberty #Strike #freedom #protest #Mousavi #HumanRights #Neda Most popular Facebook accounts on Iran • 100 Million Facebook Members for Iran • Mir Hossein Moussavi personal page	Iran turmoil a hot topic on social media sites CNN 's Iran Desk analyzing dozens of video posts Summary of latest trends on Twitter , Facebook
CNN  -- Argentina 's central bank president was removed from his post by presidential decree , a possible final blow in a political standoff between the banker and the executive . Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner 's decree on Thursday removed Central Bank President Martin Redrado from his post for "  misconduct and dereliction of duty by a public servant , " the state-run Telam news agency reported . But Redrado may not go easily . Because of the decree , the central bank chief and his supporters were "  already analyzing all available legal measures " to maintain his post , a central bank official familiar with the developments told CNN en Español . The source asked not to be identified because of the sensitivity of the issue . Earlier this week , the president announced she had accepted Redrado 's resignation after the bank chief declined to support a plan to use $ 6.5 billion in reserves to pay the country 's debt . Redrado retorted that he had not resigned , and that only the Congress , not the president , could remove him . Opposition politicians advised Redrado not to abide by the decree and to seek an injunction to protect his rights , the central bank source said . The dispute appeared to stem from a government plan to use $ 6.5 billion in reserves from the Central Bank to pay down debt , something that the central bank , as an independent body , declined to do . According to Redrado , the proposal should be studied to see if such a request should come from the congress , rather than the nation 's president . Redrado 's current term ends in September . Sergio Berensztein , a professor at Torcuato Di Tella University in Argentina , said the outcome of the power struggle between Redrado and Fernandez de Kirchner could set a precedent of how Argentina deals with increasing government expenditures in the face of low government revenue . Public spending is higher than government revenue in Argentina , creating the need to turn to the country 's central bank . However , Berensztein told CNN en Español that decisions to draw money from the central bank must come from congress , rather than presidential decree . "  The most important thing here is that there is a overstepping by the executive , in violation of central bank autonomy , " he said .	NEW : Redrado may not go easily Redrado has said only Congress , not president , could remove him Dispute appears to stem from government plan to use $ 6.5 billion to pay down debt Redrado 's current term otherwise ends in September
CNN  -- Lighthouse keeper J.A. Eckerman was the last person to see World War II Soviet submarine S-2 before it sank in January 1940 between Sweden and Finland . A team of Swedish and Finnish divers had been searching for the Soviet submarine S-2 since 1999 . As the submarine dove near the island of Market , northwest of Aland , Eckerman heard a loud explosion and saw smoke rise from the water . The long-lost wreck was missing for 69 years until a team of Swedish and Finnish divers -- including Eckerman 's grandson Ingvald -- discovered it this year . What remains of the sub was found between the Swedish coast and the Finnish island of Aland , northeast of Stockholm , in late February , the divers announced Tuesday . The submarine was very badly damaged by the explosion , said Marten Zetterstrom , one of the divers . The front gun is still there , and a torpedo is still in one of the tubes , but about 20 meters  about 65 feet  of the vessel is missing . The search had been going on for nearly 10 years , the divers said in a news release . The sub had a crew of 46 and four passengers when it sank . Sweden and Finland claim credit for sinking the submarine with mines . Russia has contacted Swedish and Finnish authorities to clarify what caused the submarine to sink , the divers said . Finland was at war with the Soviet Union at the time the sub sank . A deal between Germany and the Soviets had put the Nordic nation within the Soviet "  sphere of influence , " and Soviet troops had invaded Finland late in 1939 . The fighting was mostly confined to Finland 's eastern border . Just two months after the submarine 's sinking , a temporary peace agreement was reached . Sweden remained neutral in World War II . CNN 's Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	Lighthouse watchman last saw it 69 years ago before it sank near island of Market The Soviet submarine S-2 had a crew of 46 and four passengers when it sank Remains found between Swedish coast and Finnish island of Aland in February Sweden and Finland claim credit for sinking the submarine with mines
KHARTOUM , Sudan  CNN  -- Rebels aided by South Sudan bombed an oil pipeline in the disputed district of Abyei , a Sudanese army official said on Thursday . "  At 9 p.m. on Wednesday , a group belonging to the Justice and Equality Movement ... aided by South Sudan launched an attack , specifically ... into Sudanese territory , " said Al-Sawarmi Khalid , the Sudanese army 's spokesperson , in a statement to the semi-official Sudanese Media Center  SMC  . "  This renegade group was given technical support from the South Sudanese military which enabled it to bomb an oil pipeline in the area of Ajaja inside the administrative borders of Abyei , " the statement continued . According to Khalid , a fire stemming from the bombing lasted for several hours , "  but it has been put out and the pipeline is now being repaired . " On Saturday , Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir ordered the shutdown of pipelines carrying South Sudanese oil through Sudan , accusing South Sudan of supporting rebels in Sudan . South Sudanese military spokesperson Philip Aguer could not be reached to comment . A statement by the The Justice and Equality Movement  JEM  , however , denied involvement in the attack . "  The Justice and Equality Movement did not bomb the pipeline between the Difra oil filed and Heglig , " the statement read . JEM refuted the allegation that it receives support from South Sudan and said it does not have any presence in Abyei . Instead , JEM accused the Sudanese government of not being able to carry out its plans with shutting the flow of South Sudanese oil , and of being was responsible for the blast . "  Since the regime was not able to implement this decision , it came up with a ridiculous scenario of bombing the pipeline between Difra and Heglig and then accusing JEM of responsibility , " the group said . South Sudan became independent from Sudan in July 2011 , following a popular referendum and a war that left nearly 2 million people dead . But the two nations have remained at odds on some issues , including defining their borders and oil exports . When they separated , South Sudan acquired three quarters of Sudan 's oil reserves . The two countries have been at odds about how much landlocked South Sudan should pay to use a pipeline and processing facilities in the north . In January 2012 , South Sudan shut down the production of oil and in April as both countries nearly slipped into all-out war . In September 2012 , under international pressure , the leaders of both countries signed a cooperation agreement that addressed their unresolved issues , and in March 2013 , both sides agreed to resume oil production .	A bombing sparked a fire at the pipeline that lasted several hours , an official said Sudan blames the attack on rebels aided by South Sudan The rebel group Justice and Equality Movement denies involvement in the attack
CNN  -- The shadow of the moon swept across the globe from Hong Kong to the Texas Panhandle as a rare annular solar eclipse began Monday morning in Asia and traversed the Pacific . The sun appeared as a thin ring behind the moon to people in a narrow path along the center of the track , which began in southern China . Heavy clouds obscured the view in Hong Kong , but residents of Tokyo and other cities were able to get a spectacular view for about four minutes around 7:32 a.m. Monday  6:32 p.m. ET Sunday  . Events were held at schools and museums in Japan , while many more people took in the unusual astronomical event at home or on street corners . After whizzing across the Pacific , the shadow emerged over northern California and southern Oregon , where thousands of people attended parties to watch the event , the first to appear in the United States since 1994 . Experts warned that hopeful viewers should not peer up at the sky without special viewing equipment , since looking at the sun with the naked eye can cause blindness . Derek Ralston , a professional photographer , said he used a welding filter to capture a direct view of eclipse in the foothills above Oroville , California . He shared the photo on CNN iReport . Noting "  the rather slim swath of the globe who could see the impact of the eclipse , " Ralston said he wanted to enable "  the rest of the world to see how clear it looked to those of us who were fortunate enough to see it . " The sliver of sunshine then traveled southeast across central Nevada , southern Utah and northern Arizona , and then New Mexico . It passed over Albuquerque , New Mexico , about 7:34 p.m.  9:34 p.m. ET  before petering out east of Lubbock , Texas , according to NASA . An annular eclipse occurs when the moon passes between the Earth and sun at the farthest point of its orbit , meaning it will block less than the entire sun . That leaves a large , bright ring around it as it passes . Patrick Wiggins , a NASA ambassador in Salt Lake City , said he always looked forward to seeing people 's reactions to such events . "  You get everything from stoic , staring into the sky ... to people breaking down and crying , they 're just so moved , " he said . Aaron Lin , an 8th-grade student from Moraga , California , said a tree in his family 's yard had served as unexpected natural viewing device on Sunday . The leaves of the tree , whose shadow falls on the side of the family 's house , broke up the light from the eclipse into scores of tiny crescents on the wall , he said . "  I was so shocked by these shadows because it looked like a painting or computer art , " said Aaron , 13 . Did you view the eclipse ? Share your photos with CNN iReport and they could be featured on CNN . The next solar eclipse will be on November 13 , and is expected to be visible over northern Australia , according to NASA . CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki , Tyson Wheatley and Melissa Gray contributed to this report .	Northern California gets a clear view of the ring of fire Tokyo residents enjoy spectacular scenes , but clouds mar Hong Kong viewings More than 80 % of the sun was blocked during the eclipse
CNN  -- As convicted murder Charles Manson comes up for parole review on Wednesday , there continues to be an enduring fascination in Hollywood regarding his crimes . The murder of pregnant actress Sharon Tate and four others on August 9 , 1969 , by members of a group known as the Manson Family left a thumbprint on American pop culture that has influenced music , movies and books . One of the latest projects is the book "  Restless Souls : The Sharon Tate Family 's Account of Stardom , the Manson Murders , and a Crusade for Justice , " written by a woman who has a personal tie with the story . In March 1990 , Alisa Statman was a young film director who had just been accepted into the Director 's Guild , the entertainment labor union that represents the interests of film and television directors . To celebrate , she went house hunting and discovered there was a place for lease at 10050 Cielo Drive , which happened to be the house where the infamous murders occurred . Although it was more than two decades later , as Statman was unloading boxes , someone was filming something at the house . "  The day that I was moving in , there was a supposed producer -LSB- on the property -RSB- , " said Statman , now an assistant director on "  Modern Family . " "  He was taking footage of some of the exterior . I just told him not to film me . " About two weeks later , Statman said she received a letter from that producer , Bill Nelson . Nelson said he was working on a film about the Manson murders and the Tate family , that he had the blessing of Sharon Tate 's mother , Doris Tate , and asked if Statman would be interested in helping . "  Being in the business and being 21 years old , I was like ` Heck yes , I 'd love to do this . ' " From there , Statman said her life was radically altered : On a filming trip , she went with Nelson to the house of a detective who had worked on the Tate case and who had mountains of police reports , photos , "  everything imaginable " piled high on a dining room table . "  Within all those pictures , I came across these two little blue boxes , " she recalled . "  I opened them up and there were pictures of Sharon , Jay Sebring and Wojciech Frykowski , three of the victims . They 'd obviously been taken in the last week of her life . She was extremely pregnant . Along with the slides were the negatives . And they obviously had been taken from the house , during the investigation , and never returned to the family . "  I was so angry . He 'd been sitting on these photos for years . The second they left the room , I pocketed them , with the intention of returning them to whoever I could find . " That person was Patti Tate , Sharon 's sister , and Statman said the pair went on to strike up a romantic relationship . The director said she helped Tate work on an unpublished autobiography and continued to be close to the Tate family after Patti passed away from breast cancer in 2000 . Statman spent the last five years constructing "  Restless Souls " using what she said are Patti 's unpublished manuscripts , along with the unpublished writings of Sharon and Patti 's late parents , Doris and P.J. Tate . Unlike many memoirs , which are written several decades after the incidents recounted , Doris and P.J. Tate wrote their thoughts while everything that transpired was relatively fresh . The stories within , along with how Statman fell into the Tate family legacy , are yet more fodder for those who remain interested in the tragedy , 40-plus years later . "  The murders happened in the middle of the hippie movement and there was a horrible outbreak of violence in one 's home , " Statman said of the story 's endurance . "  Couple that with the victims were wealthy and famous , the months and months of speculation as to who did this , only to find out that the Manson Family were right in the middle of this hippie movement . I think that scared the hell out of a lot of people . " Manson and the Manson Family have long been weaved throughout pop culture . Musician Marilyn Manson is an obvious example of someone who was influenced by the case , as well as British rock band Kasabian , who draw their name from Manson Family member Linda Kasabian . Statman , while living at Cielo Drive , sublet her house to Trent Reznor of Nine Inch Nails , where he recorded the group 's second album , "  The Downward Spiral " in a home studio he constructed called "  Le Pig . "  Sharon Tate had been hung from a rafter in her living room and the word "  Pig " was written in her blood on the front door of the Los Angeles home . "  About halfway through , I went to the house to pick up some stuff , " Statman recalled . "  I was terrified by what they 'd turn the house into and the bad vibes they 'd brought with it . They had everything in black , there was a huge cross with blood all over it ; it was just weird . " Reznor reportedly said that after meeting Patti Tate , he saw the murders from the victims ' perspective . Manson has released albums of his own music and spoken word . TV specials about the murders have come in waves over the years and now the Tate story has started to get the biopic treatment . Over the past two years , reports have surfaced about three films in the works , all at various stages of development and funding . "  The Dead Circus , " a half fiction half nonfiction account , has Michael C. Hall and Melissa Leo attached and is being directed by Adam Davenport and written by author John Kaye . Celebrity photographer Tyler Shields has been linked to a Tate biopic called "  Eyes of a Dreamer " that reportedly has Lindsay Lohan playing Tate and Shields playing Manson . "  True Blood " star Ryan Kwanten is attached to play Manson in an upcoming film called "  The Family , " reportedly written and directed by Scott Kosar  "  The Machinist , " "  The Amityville Horror "  . "  There 's always hesitation for money to get behind the subject matter , " said Davenport , who is still trying to secure funding for "  The Dead Circus . " " -LSB- But -RSB- at its root , people are fascinated by evil and the psychological underpinnings behind it . " Whether these films come to fruition , even the idea that several different people are actively pursuing this story now is another nod to the influence of the Tate case . Statman said there has already been interest in the film rights to "  Restless Souls , " but she said that for now , she 's staying put with the survivors ' words , as they told them , on page . "  I 've gotten a few calls , but I have n't called anyone back yet , " she said . "  I want to focus on the book now . It 's been such a labor of love , I do n't want to get distracted . "	Actress Sharon Tate and four others were murdered by the Manson Family in 1969 Alisa Statman is writing a memoir using the Tate family 's manuscripts Statman : " -LSB- The book -RSB- been such a labor of love , I do n't want to get distracted "
CNN  -- The Egyptian cabinet is scheduled to meet Tuesday to discuss an agreement between political groups and the ruling military council on election policies , the status of the country 's unpopular emergency law and other issues . Some activists said the agreement does n't go far enough to meet the demands of the popular uprising that led to the end of country 's longstanding regime , while other political groups said the agreement represented progress . The agreement , reached Saturday , includes promises to open more Egyptian parliament seats to political parties and consider canceling the country 's emergency law . The agreement also includes a promise to consider abolishing military tribunals and to consider adopting a 1952 law that opposition groups hope would prevent former President Hosni Mubarak 's National Democratic Party from having a role in national politics for up to 10 years . Also included are plans to draft a document to guide the creation of a new constitution and a call for presidential elections following a national referendum on adopting the new ruling document . The coalition of parties had also sought an agreement to hold presidential elections immediately after parliamentary voting scheduled for November , as well as a promise to hand control to a civilian government next year . The deal failed to go far enough , said Mona Seif , a founding member of the No to Military Tribunals movement , who called the decision by a majority of party representatives little more than "  treachery . " "  These parties were fooled if they think they accomplished something , " said Seif , who called for renewed protests against the military council . The agreement comes amid rising dissatisfaction with the council , which took control in February after widespread popular demonstrations forced Mubarak to step aside . Following an attack on the Israeli embassy in Giza this month , the council reinstated the widely unpopular emergency law that many in the opposition felt was used by Mubarak to suppress dissent . Despite the concerns , the agreement is a "  positive step toward true democracy , " said Esam El Erian , the spokesman for the Freedom and Justice Party and a leading figure in the Muslim Brotherhood . "  Yes , abolishing the emergency law was a main demand of the January 25th revolution and the council promised to abolish it , but the reality on the ground is that there are many forces debating including former members of the regime that come in different faces . " El Erian said . Military leaders plan more meetings with political parties to iron out more differences , said Major Alaa Iraqi , a spokesman for the Supreme Council . "  Pleasing everyone is impossible , " Iraqi said .	An agreement between military council and parties does n't go far enough , one critic says Another party official says it is a "  positive step toward true democracy " The agreement opens more Egyptian parliament seats to parties It also includes a promise to consider dropping the unpopular emergency law
CNN  -- House Republican leaders announced Thursday they will not take action on a new farm bill until after the November elections -- a sign of sharp internal GOP divisions on a critical political issue for many members of Congress . "  We will deal with the farm bill after the election , " said Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio . "  The current situation that we face is we 've got people who believe there 's not enough reform in the farm bill that came out of  the House Agriculture  committee ,  and  we 've got others who believe that there 's too much reform in the bill that came out of the committee . " Boehner indicated GOP leaders do not believe they currently have the votes to pass either a short-term extension or a more comprehensive five-year measure . The current five-year law establishing various levels of federal support for farmers and ranchers -- now struggling with drought in many parts of the country -- expires September 30 . A failure to pass a new law wo n't impact existing federal support in 2012 , though it would have a significant impact on agricultural markets in 2013 , according to Dale Moore , a public policy deputy at the American Farm Bureau Federation . While the Democratic-run Senate passed a comprehensive $ 969 billion replacement bill in June through a rare bipartisan 64-35 vote , numerous conservatives in the Republican-controlled House have balked at the overall price tag and rising cost of food stamps included in the measure . Several Farm Belt Republicans in tight political races this year , however , have pushed hard for quick legislative action on a five-year plan . North Dakota Rep. Rick Berg , a freshman House Republican running for retiring Democratic Sen. Kent Conrad 's seat , told CNN Thursday he was "  frustrated with the Republican leadership . " "  We have to get a five-year , long-term bill passed . I 'm really disappointed , " he said . "  Agriculture is one of our bright shining spots in America right now , and we do n't need to put this cloud of uncertainty over it . " Berg argued that GOP leaders should have allowed a full House vote on the Agriculture Committee measure . The committee 's bill has a number of similarities to the Senate plan . Asked about the farm bill 's legislative prospects in the post-election lame duck session of Congress , Berg said , "  I look back over history and this is more normal than not . ... I 'm just doing everything I can do . " Minnesota Rep. Collin Peterson , the top Democrat on the House Agriculture Committee , told CNN there were "  10 different reasons " why the House has so far failed to act . "  Some people think the food stamps are too high . Some people do n't like the sugar program . Some people do n't like the dairy program . Some people do n't like the farm bill at all , " he said . Peterson said he believes farm bill advocates will ultimately "  get a shot " after the election . "  I think they 're taking a  political  risk , " he said in reference to the House Republicans . "  But they apparently do n't think it 's a problem . " Moore told CNN that "  we can whine and complain all we want , but the bottom line is this segment of the game is over . We 've got to get our strategy together and move our chips onto the lame duck line . "	"  We will deal with the farm bill after the election , " said Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio Current law regarding support for farmers and ranchers expires September 30 Failure to pass a new law wo n't impact existing federal support in 2012 Several Farm Belt Republicans pushing for quick legislative action on a five-year plan
CNN  In honor of the Oscars , this story will be 7,633 words long , padded out with flowery phrases and belabored metaphors , leavened with a surprise adjective or two and summed up by a yawning and expected conclusion . Just kidding . Well , at least about the number of words . We ca n't promise anything about the rest . But that 's the thing about the Oscars . So much of what they present  and represent  is predictable : amusement and pageantry , self-importance about the role of movies and occasional stretches of dullness .  Well , there ARE 24 awards to give out . Still , you never know when the show will surprise -- and even entertain . This year , for the 87th Academy Awards , the "  entertainment " portion will be helped immeasurably by the inclusion of host Neil Patrick Harris , who has proven himself to be an all-star performer with his turns at the Tonys and Emmys . And a number of award categories -- including best picture -- are still undecided , unlike recent years when many top winners seemed preordained . So grab some popcorn and an Oscar ballot . Here 's what you can expect from this year 's show . Who should win an Oscar ? Cast your vote Joan Rivers is gone . The comedian and longtime red-carpet maven died last September , and love her or hate her , she always added some zip to the red-carpet procession , from popularizing the question "  Who are you wearing ? " to calling out faux pas on "  Fashion Police . " This year 's red carpet -- coverage begins at 7 p.m. ET -- is less colorful for her loss . Nevertheless , plenty of color  and color commentary  will remain . Ryan Seacrest and Giuliana Rancic are hosting on E! , while ABC will trot out Robin Roberts , Lara Spencer and Michael Strahan . The weather forecast calls for a partly cloudy day with temperatures in the mid-60s and a 10 % chance of rain . Sparkling Oscar weather , in other words . When Neil Patrick Harris hosts your show , you know you 're in for a good time . His song-and-dance moves at the Tonys -- which he 's hosted four times -- have earned raves . And though the 2013 Emmys proved unexpectedly dull , he was n't blamed . So now Doogie Howser is hosting the Oscars . It wo n't be Harris ' first time on the Academy Award stage -- he opened the show in 2010 -- but it 's his debut as the show 's emcee . He 's aware of the challenges . Ellen DeGeneres did a good job last year , but all anyone remembers is her selfie . And Hugh Jackman , another ace song-and-dance man , hosted the show in 2009 . He got nice reviews . Recall anything else ? "  In many ways , it 's lose-lose , " Harris told the Los Angeles Times . "  There 's so much scrutiny . And so much anticipation , and so many  Oscar-viewing  parties where people are hoping that things go wrong . It 's not really an audience wanting you to win . " The 42 people scheduled to hand out awards Sunday range from 80-year-old Shirley MacLaine to 18-year-old Chloe Grace Moretz , from perennial nominee Meryl Streep to newcomer Ansel Elgort . Perhaps in an effort to appeal to younger viewers , only five of the presenters are over 50 . And the academy may be mindful of complaints this year about the all-white slate of acting nominees . More than one-quarter of the scheduled presenters are black , including Oprah Winfrey and perceived best actor snubee David Oyelowo , both from "  Selma . " Yes , reading off lists of nominees can be a little dull . So who 's going to bring the funny ? We 're pinning our hopes on Kevin Hart , Jason Bateman and Eddie Murphy . Count on Oscars for Julianne Moore  best actress , "  Still Alice "  , J.K. Simmons  best supporting actor , "  Whiplash "  and Patricia Arquette  best supporting actress , "  Boyhood "  . After that things get less predictable . Best actor is a two-way race between sentimental favorite Michael Keaton  "  Birdman "  and upstart Eddie Redmayne  "  The Theory of Everything "  . And best picture ? "  Birdman " appears to have a slight edge over "  Boyhood , " with "  The Imitation Game " as a long-shot contender . Some people think "  American Sniper 's " blockbuster status gives it a chance , but liberal Hollywood may be loath to reward a movie so beloved by right-wing America . Oscars 2015 : Who will win and who should win If you 're looking for a full slate of predictions for your Oscars pool , Gold Derby is a pretty good handicapper . By now , after the Golden Globes , the SAG Awards and other awards shows , we have some idea of what the front-runners might say if they win . Based on recent history , Keaton may get teary and thank his handsome son Sean , while Redmayne and Moore might dedicate their awards to people coping with ALS and Alzheimer 's , respectively . Arquette might mention her lineage as a descendant of actors , and Simmons may thank "  Whiplash " co-star Miles Teller for how he "  inspired me every day to want to scream at him and hit him in the face . " In recent years , the academy has n't really known what to do with the songs . Occasionally they 're a highlight -- Bob Dylan 's "  Things Have Changed " and Robin Williams ' "  Blame Canada " come to mind -- but , more often , they 're an excuse for a bathroom break , or not performed at all . This year features five songs with intriguing back stories . You 've got "  Glory , " the gospel-tinged Common-John Legend collaboration that 's one of just two nominations received by "  Selma " ; Tegan and Sara 's puckish "  Everything Is Awesome ! " , the only nomination for "  The Lego Movie " ; "  I 'm Not Gon na Miss You , " a wrenching swan song from the Alzheimer 's - stricken Glen Campbell ; "  Grateful , " from the overlooked "  Beyond the Lights " but written by the anything-but-overlooked Diane Warren ; and "  Lost Stars , " from "  Begin Again , " which was directed by "  Once 's " John Carney and performed by Maroon 5 's Adam Levine . "  Glory " will probably win -- it 's been justifiably celebrated -- but for once , best song may be one of the strongest categories at the Oscars .  All except for Campbell 's song are being performed by the original artists ; Tim McGraw will sing "  I 'm Not Gon na Miss You . "  Find other moments to go to the bathroom . Producers Craig Zadan and Neil Meron have also promised "  several musical sequences " featuring such names as Jennifer Hudson and Lady Gaga , according to the academy 's website , and "  Let It Go " songwriters Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez are writing a number for Neil Patrick Harris . Did we mention John Travolta is back ? A year after he mangled singer Idina Menzel 's name as "  Adele Nazeem , " Travolta has somehow been invited back to redeem himself as a presenter .  Maybe they 'll ask him to introduce best live action short film , where Oded Binnun , Hu Wei and Talkhon Hamzavi await . Let 's be honest : Many of us watch the Oscars not for the awards but for the high-wire risks of live TV : the fumbled speeches , the wardrobe malfunctions , the chance that someone will do or say something crazy . Jack Black , Jared Leto and Matthew McConaughey will be speaking live , too . Just saying .	The 87th Academy Awards air Sunday night on ABC Host will be Neil Patrick Harris , who has proven himself at the Tonys and Emmys "  Birdman , " "  Boyhood " are front-runners for best picture
CNN  -- Libyan militia members have apparently turned the abandoned U.S. Embassy in Tripoli , Libya , into a water park , judging by amateur video posted to YouTube on Sunday . The video , which reflects the anarchy that currently reigns in Libya 's capital , shows fully clothed men diving into and swimming in a pool . Ambassador Deborah Jones , who is not currently in Libya , tweeted that the images appear to show a residential annex in the U.S. Embassy compound . But Jones said "  the U.S. Embassy Tripoli chancery & compound is now being safeguarded and has not been ransacked , " and "  those who have actually visited the embassy know the truth . " A spokesman for the General National Congress says the militias securing the U.S. Embassy compound are still there safeguarding it . "  The militias are under the command of the Libyan General Staff , and what happened was not an attack on the embassy grounds , nor was it an attempt to ransack its offices , " Omar Hmaidan said . "  What happened  the frolicking at the pool  was an isolated behavior by some of those who were in charge of protecting the compound . We do n't condone it and we do n't accept it , " he said . A senior State Department official said the United States is "  seeking additional details " about the incident . "  At this point , we believe the Embassy compound itself remains secure but we continue to monitor the situation on the ground , which remains very fluid , " the official said . Libya Dawn , an alliance of militias , reinstated the General National Congress this month as the country 's official parliament , despite international recognition of the new parliament elected in June . U.S diplomats evacuated Tripoli last month amidst heavy militia violence . CNN correspondent Jomana Karadsheh , who lived in Tripoli but had to evacuate weeks ago as well , says if true , the use of the empty embassy is no surprise . "  The fighting in Tripoli that erupted between militias in July and lasted for weeks was described by Libyan officials as ` unprecedented . ' Many homes in parts of Tripoli have been looted by and ransacked by different militia groups during the fighting , including as recently as last week , the home of Prime Minister Abdullah al-Thinni . " Al-Thinni is not in Tripoli currently . The U.S. State Department had not responded to CNN requests for comment as of this article 's publication . CNN 's Ali Younes , Anna-Maja Rappard and Mark Morgenstein reported on this story from Atlanta .	Video apparently shows Libyan militia members frolicking at U.S. Embassy pool in Tripoli U.S. ambassador says the compound has not been ransacked , despite rumors A Libyan official says the embassy is protected and the hijinks are unacceptable U.S. diplomats evacuated the anarchic Libyan capitol last month
London  CNN  -- With the prospect of more surgery ahead and under the shadow of Taliban threats , courageous teen activist Malala Yousafzai was recovering at her temporary home Friday after being discharged from a British hospital . In an attack that propelled her to global recognition , Malala was targeted in Pakistan by Taliban gunmen for speaking out in favor of education for Pakistani girls . She was left with life-threatening head and neck wounds . Now , almost three months later , she 's on the mend but far from fully recovered . Doctors plan to perform cranial reconstructive surgery on her within the next month , replacing a shattered portion of skull with either her own bone or a titanium plate . The hospital released a photo to the news media showing a half-smiling Malala waving to photographers wearing a tan , gray and black scarf . Photos : Malala and the women of Pakistan Video footage also showed her walking along a hospital corridor , her hand clasped in that of a nurse , waving goodbye to staff at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham -- her home for nearly three months . The transformation from images released immediately after Malala was admitted on October 15 -- which showed her face bruised and a breathing tube in place -- is dramatic . Former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown and his wife welcomed her progress Friday , saying on Twitter : "  Good news that Malala is well enough to leave hospital . We wish her well as her recovery continues with her family . " "  Malala is a strong young woman and has worked hard with the people caring for her to make excellent progress in her recovery , said Dr. Dave Rosser , the medical director of the University Hospitals Birmingham who 's overseen her care . "  Following discussions with Malala and her medical team , we decided that she would benefit from being at home with her parents and two brothers . " As she recovers with her family at a house in the West Midlands , Pakistan 's consulate in Birmingham has hired Malala 's father as an education attache . Her parents and younger brothers , Khushal and Atul , traveled to England in the fall to be with her as she goes through the long rehabilitation process . Ziauddin Yousafzai will function as head of the consulate 's education section for three years , the Pakistani government said . His job could be extended for two additional years . iReport : Your messages for Malala The 15-year-old became an international symbol of courage after she was shot by Taliban gunmen last fall for her crusade about girls going to school . She had blogged fearlessly about girls ' education and accused the Taliban of thriving on ignorance . The Taliban forbid girls in the classroom and have threatened to kill anyone who defies them . Pakistan 's Malala : Global symbol , but still just a kid Malala was in a school van in the area on October 9 when the gunmen stopped the vehicle and demanded that other girls tell them who was Malala . They identified her . Malala was then shot , as were two other girls who survived the attack with lesser injuries . Malala was left in a critical condition , with her father later describing her survival as a miracle . When he left Pakistan to join his daughter , Ziauddin Yousafzai told reporters he intended to return to his native country as soon as she had recovered . It is not clear whether his appointment will mean the entire family stays long term . At the time of his daughter 's shooting , he ran a school in Pakistan 's conservative Swat Valley that kept its doors open to girls -- in defiance of the Taliban . Watch : Who are the Pakistani Taliban ? The attack on Malala prompted outrage and wide outpourings of support , in Pakistan and overseas . But even as anger about her shooting intensified , the Taliban issued a statement online saying that if Malala lived , they 'd come after her again . Interior Minister Rehman Malik promised government protection if the schoolgirl does return to Pakistan . Pakistani authorities are paying for her medical care in Britain . Since her shooting , Malala has become an international figure . She was selected as runner-up for Time magazine 's Person of the Year for 2012 . CNN and Time are owned by Time Warner Inc. . Read more : Malala 's journey from near death to recovery CNN 's Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	Former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown welcomes Malala Yousafzai 's release She will continue to receive treatment as an outpatient , the hospital says The 15-year-old will probably undergo cranial reconstructive surgery in the next month She was shot by Taliban gunmen for promoting education for girls
Editor 's Note : Actress Drew Barrymore is an Ambassador Against Hunger for the U.N. ' s World Food Program . Drew Barrymore says a tiny amount of money can bring nourishment and education to impoverished children . CNN  -- I made my first trip to Nairobi after reading an article in The New York Times about schools and how they can change a child 's life . Dollars could do wonders for one child in a year in Africa , providing food and education , it said , while children in so many other parts of the world have the luxury to spend that money on miscellaneous fun . The article made me feel one person could actively help another person ; that I could tangibly help a child in need . A problem that had seemed so vast , so untouchable to me , suddenly felt smaller and more contained -- at least for the moment . I picked up the phone and called the United Nations and told them that I would love to further educate myself on what they do and would more than anything love to go with them on a trip to Africa to see things firsthand . In 2005 , I was lucky enough to get the opportunity to be invited by the U.N. 's World Food Program . I took my documentary crew with me ; we spent a couple of weeks in Kenya . Being with these children and traveling to many different schools by bus , train and plane all through Kenya and in Nairobi was life-altering . And what really pushed everything forward for me was speaking to the children and the families themselves . See photos from Drew Barrymore 's trip to Nairobi , Kenya " I was astonished to learn what the mothers have to go through when infected with HIV -- the bond created among these families , when children bring their mothers part of their daily food ration to sustain them so they can take their medicines . Watch as Drew Barrymore discusses her work with the World Food Programme " In these places I was able to see what the schools require in order to continue and what resources are necessary , what the WFP does and how I could help . I was given an opportunity to sit in these families ' homes and hear their stories . I saw how feeding these children in school enabled them to pay attention and learn . That was my first trip and I came back knowing that this was for me . I returned to Africa again in 2007 and once again visited the schools and spent time with the families , along with marathon runner and two-time Olympic silver medalist Paul Tergat , a fellow WFP ambassador against hunger . His life story is truly inspirational -- in fact , he received school lunches from WFP as a little boy while attending primary school in Kenya 's Baringo district . As an ambassador for the WFP , I have had the honor to work in the field overseas , but also here in the United States . What has always struck me about the WFP 's Red Cup campaign is its ease and inclusive nature . Everyone can be a part of saving another person 's life . The numbers continue to astonish me in their ability to bring nourishment and education to those children -- 25 cents a day , $ 5 a month , $ 50 a year can feed a child and offer them the opportunity for an education , which is a fundamental right . It was incredible to be on "  Oprah " donating $ 1 million to WFP ; but my heart was lifted so much higher when I saw the donations that followed from inspired students , working adults , mothers , fathers , daughters , people all across the United States , giving what they could to additionally raise over $ 500,000 that will fill the cups of children in WFP schools across the globe . One person 's quarter can fill a child 's cup . In this domestic fieldwork , I joined up again with Josette Sheeran , the executive director of the WFP , at the Chicago Mercantile Exchange to address rising food prices firsthand . Josette and I banded together again at the Clinton Global Initiative , where school feeding programs were brought to the forefront . Words can not express the energy that filled me when I saw Bill Clinton holding the WFP Red Cup . It 's the same red cup that sits on my desk , that carries in it stories of children and families struggling , that carries in it the message that just the smallest amount of money will fill that cup and will feed a child and will educate that child and give her the chance to continue through this world and make a difference of her own . That , to me , is what the World Food Program is all about -- people helping people -- and that is why I 'm so very grateful to be an ambassador against hunger . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Drew Barrymore .	Drew Barrymore : Nourishment and education are fundamental rights She says a quarter a day will feed a child in Africa and enable schooling Barrymore : Africa trips made concrete a problem that at first seemed too vast
London  CNN  -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai and Prime Minister David Cameron pledged to work toward lasting stability in Afghanistan in talks Saturday in the United Kingdom . The pair signed a long-term agreement on the future of Afghanistan , as they met at Cameron 's official country residence , Chequers . "  The United Kingdom and Afghanistan have a strong relationship and the two countries have been working together to create a strong and stable Afghanistan , " Cameron said . Cameron said British combat forces would remain in Afghanistan well into 2014 , when NATO 's International Security and Assistance Force , or ISAF , is due to hand over security to Afghan forces and withdraw . Britain has about 9,500 troops in Afghanistan , making it the second-biggest contributor to ISAF after the United States , which has about 90,000 troops there . Cameron said the NATO partners in Afghanistan would be working together to withdraw their troops in 2014 as planned . "  I do n't want to see some cliff edge on our departure , " he said . Karzai said the British prime minister had long been a friend of Afghanistan , adding : "  Based on that long-term relationship , we hope to provide a fundamentally strong , democratic state and a better , more secure region . " Karzai 's U.K. visit comes a day after a British soldier was shot dead while on foot patrol in Afghanistan 's Helmand province and follows stops in Italy and France . After meeting with Karzai in Paris Friday , French President Nicolas Sarkozy announced that France would be pulling all of its combat troops out of Afghanistan in 2013 , a year ahead of schedule . His decision follows the death on January 20 of four French soldiers shot dead at their military base by a member of the Afghan National Army . Sarkozy , who faces a re-election battle this spring , said then he was suspending French training operations and combat help as a result of the attack , which injured 15 others . He paid tribute to the four soldiers at a memorial service Wednesday , speaking of the "  immense loss " the country had suffered . The attack in eastern Afghanistan followed a similar shooting in December by an Afghan soldier that killed two French soldiers serving in an engineers ' regiment . Speaking alongside Sarkozy in Paris , Karzai said : "  It is right that Afghanistan has to provide for its own security and for the protection of its own people , and for the provision of law and order -- towards which France and other allied countries have helped Afghanistan considerably in the past 10 years . "  Afghanistan because of that help is now ready to take more and more responsibility . " U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said Friday that France 's decision to withdraw its forces early "  was not precipitous " and had been worked through with its ISAF partners and the Afghan authorities . "  This was a national decision of France . It was done in a managed way . We will all work with it . As the president has said with regard to our own presence , we are working on 2014 . The alliance as a whole is working on 2014 , but we are also going to work within this French decision , " she told reporters . France , which has been involved in Afghanistan since July 2003 , has 3,935 troops there now , according to ISAF . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : Cameron and Karzai sign an agreement on the long-term future of Afghanistan NEW : Cameron says Britain will still have combat troops in Afghanistan into 2014 Britain is the second largest contributor of troops to NATO 's forces there after the U.S. President Nicolas Sarkozy has said France will withdraw its troops a year earlier than planned
Tokyo  CNN  -- Japanese authorities arrested the last fugitive suspected in a deadly 1995 nerve gas attack on the Tokyo subway , police said Friday . He was caught in front of a comic book cafe in Tokyo after its staff alerted police of the presence of a man resembling the suspect . A fingerprint test positively identified the man as Katsuya Takahashi , 54 , the only suspect in the gas attack case who remained at large , a spokesman for the Tokyo Metropolitan Police said . Takahashi is being held on suspicion of murder and attempted murder in relation to the attack , according to the spokesman . During the morning rush-hour in March 1995 , members of the Aum Supreme Truth cult released sarin gas that led to the deaths of 13 people and sickened more than 5,500 commuters . Thousands of police have been on the lookout for the suspect . Last week , police apprehended another member of the doomsday cult . More than 200 members of the cult were convicted after the gas attack . Thirteen , including Shoko Asahara , the cult 's blind guru , were sentenced to death . However , no one has been executed . The cult claims to be a benign religious group , but at the height of its activities in the 1990s , it preached the world was coming to an end and it must arm itself to prepare for various calamities .	Police use fingerprints to positively identify the suspect They take him into custody in front of a comic book store after a tip-off Members of a cult have been found responsible for the 1995 nerve gas attack Thirteen people died after the gas was released in the Tokyo subway
Editor 's note : Julian E. Zelizer is a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University 's Woodrow Wilson School . He is the co-editor of "  Rightward Bound : Making America Conservative in the 1970s " and is completing a book on the history of national-security politics since World War II , to be published by Basic Books . Zelizer writes widely on current events . Julian Zelizer says Obama and Congress must decide whether to rein in presidential power . PRINCETON , New Jersey  CNN  -- Executive power has been one of the defining characteristics of President George W. Bush 's administration . President Bush , Vice President Dick Cheney and many members of the White House pushed to expand executive power -- as much as any specific domestic or foreign policy -- from the beginning of the administration . The Bush administration formed in a direct conversation with the presidential politics of the 1970s . Several members of the Bush administration came of professional age working in the Nixon and Ford administrations . They watched an assertive Congress respond to the Watergate scandal by revitalizing legislative power through the War Powers Act of 1973 , the Budget Reform of 1974 , the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , and the Independent Counsel Act in 1978 . The Bush administration thought vesting Congress with so much power was dangerous , because it saw the legislative branch as inefficient . Building on efforts since President Ronald Reagan to reverse the congressional reforms of the 1970s , the current White House spent enormous political energy , before and after 9/11 , trying to reclaim power for the executive branch . The expansion of presidential power is not unique to the Bush administration . It began early in the 20th century and , despite some exceptional periods such as the 1970s , continued steadily throughout . But in several respects , this expansion was bigger in scale and scope than under previous presidents . For example , as a way to agree to legislation without agreeing to follow the intention of Congress , Bush issued statements when he signed bills -- doing so far more frequently than preceding presidents . When Congress passed a bill banning the use of torture in December 2005 , Bush added a signing statement allowing him to bypass the law in his role as Commander-in-Chief . Bush also used executive orders to achieve policy objectives without obtaining congressional consent . Most of the president 's national security programs were also conducted under high levels of secrecy and sometimes ignored rules such as those spelled out by FISA . Even when Republicans controlled Congress between 2002 and 2006 , the president barely consulted with the leadership . After the 2000 elections , many Republican moderates were optimistic they would have more power than ever because the White House would be forced to court their vote in the evenly divided Senate . But they were wrong . Lincoln Chafee of Rhode Island said he was disillusioned early in the Bush administration when Cheney met with a group of Republican moderates . Cheney simply listed the bills the administration would pursue -- such as canceling U.S. support for the International Criminal Court and cutting taxes -- and informed them the president expected their vote . The chances for restoring a better balance of power remain unclear . There was a notable silence on the issue during the 2008 presidential campaign . Congressional Democrats and President-elect Barack Obama have been extremely critical of Bush 's muscular approach to the executive branch . But though Obama has promised to reverse a number of executive decisions made by Bush , it is hard to tell how far he will go . Most important , it is extremely rare in the postwar period for presidents to voluntarily relinquish power . Democrats in Congress might not be willing to do to Obama what they did to Richard Nixon or even Jimmy Carter in the 1970s . After decades of Republican rule , Democrats now believe they have an opportunity to build a new majority . In addition , in a time of true crisis there will be less incentive to challenge the institutional prerogatives of their president . But Congress and the White House must do something to reverse the trends of the past eight years . We need an executive branch that is accountable and a Congress that is active . So what can be done ? The first solution is informal . The White House must alter the dynamic with Congress and create strong lines of consultation with legislative leaders . President Franklin Roosevelt worked closely with legislators during the New Deal to develop economic ideas and figure out the nuts and bolts of legislation . Obama must do the same . The second solution is legislative . Congress should not be timid about passing legislation to empower the legislative branch . After The Boston Globe reported the extensive use of executive signing statements by the Bush administration , there was discussion about legislation to curtail the power , but proposals for the legislation faded away . Congress needs to consider passing measures in this and other areas , such as further defining what kinds of interrogation techniques can be used by the U.S. military and intelligence services . The final solution involves oversight . There has been a dramatic increase in congressional oversight since Democrats took control of Congress in 2006 . Legislators have been more willing to hold hearings and conduct investigations into everything from the ethical conduct of the White House to the administration of key government programs . But oversight under divided government is easier politically than under the united government -- Democrats in charge of the White House and Congress -- we will have after January 20 . The aim of stronger oversight is to avoid failures such as FEMA 's inadequate response to Hurricane Katrina or the politicization at the Department of Justice . The fact that Democrats control the White House is no excuse for the party 's leaders in Congress to become lapdogs . Obama must be held responsible as well . While presidents do n't like to give up power , maybe this president will be different . At a minimum , Obama should avoid the techniques used so often in recent years to circumvent legislative will . It is not enough to reverse Bush 's executive orders -- the crucial question is whether Obama uses such orders as frequently himself . If the nation can create a better balance between the executive and legislative branches , the country will benefit . The New Deal proved when both branches work together , the nation can produce some of its finest and most effective programs . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : Bush administration sought to rebuild presidential power He says they wanted to reverse Watergate-inspired reforms from the 1970s Zelizer says Congress ' role was diminished during the Bush administration He says Obama , Congress must decide whether to strengthen legislative role
CNN Student News  -- August 13 , 2013 On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : Why do you think that some trials receive more media coverage than others ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these key terms you heard in today 's show : 1 . typhoon 2 . sinkhole 3 . verdict 4 . meteor shower Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What is one of the two names of the typhoon that struck the Philippines recently ? 2 . What was a Florida jury 's verdict regarding George Zimmerman ? 3 . What is the difference between a meteor and a meteorite ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What might be some of the dangers associated with severe storms like typhoons ? What do you think people could do to try to minimize a typhoon 's impact ? 2 . What was your reaction to the verdict in the George Zimmerman trial ? Why do you think that this trial received extensive news coverage ? 3 . What might scientists learn from studying meteors ? In what situations might scientists use data collected by amateur astronomers ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Philippines Florida & Colorado FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- The Spanish title race might have taken another twist Saturday when Barcelona visited mid-table Espanyol in the Catalan derby . For more than 75 minutes , the home team blanked Lionel Messi and the rest of the Barcelona attack . But just like in El Clasico on Sunday , Messi had the last word as he struck a late penalty to give Barcelona a 1-0 victory and all three points . His goal in the 77th minute over Espanyol temporarily put Barcelona two points atop the league standings ahead of Atletico Madrid but Atletico later rallied to defeat Athletic Bilbao 2-1 to regain its one-point advantage . Messi and Neymar missed good chances in the first half , while Espanyol 's Pizzi also squandered a fine opportunity . But there were fewer chances in the second half , although Barcelona defender Gerard Pique struck the crossbar . With time running out , referee Clos Gomez ruled that Espanyol 's Javi Lopez handled in the area and Messi made no mistake from the spot . Lopez then had to play goalkeeper after Francisco Casilla 's handball outside the area stopped a Messi shot in the 83rd minute . Casilla was shown a straight red and Espanyol had already used all three of its substitutes . Iker Muniain put fourth-place Athletic ahead but Diego Costa leveled in the 22nd minute and Koke got the winner in the 55th . Aymeric Laporte saw red for hauling down Costa in the dying stages . Real Madrid , reeling from defeats to Barcelona and Sevilla , had its own derby late Saturday . It blanked Rayo Vallecano 5-0 , getting two goals from Gareth Bale , and once again moved to within three points of Atletico . Barcelona and Atletico square off in the first leg of their Champions League quarterfinal next week . Rare stumble by Bayern Under-strength Bayern Munich finally dropped points in Germany 's Bundesliga , drawing Hoffenheim 3-3 to end a 19-match league winning streak that dated back to October . Bayern wrapped up the league title in record time this week and faces Manchester United in the Champions League quarterfinals Tuesday but it appeared as if Pep Guardiola 's men were focused enough to claim three more points . It led 3-1 -- at home -- only for Sejad Salihovic to pull a goal back and Roberto Firmino to equalize in the 75th minute . To make matters worse , Spanish international midfielder Thiago Alcantara suffered a knee injury . Borussia Dortmund , which meets Real Madrid in the Champions League , maintained second place with a morale boosting 3-2 win at Stuttgart thanks to Marco Reus ' hat-trick . Stuttgart led 2-1 but Georg Niedermeier conceded a penalty and received a second yellow in the 67th minute . Reus converted and added the winner in the 82nd minute .	Lionel Messi scores from the penalty spot as Barcelona beats Espanyol 1-0 Barcelona temporarily took over top spot in Spain but Atletico Madrid regained its lead In Germany , Bayern Munich 's 19-match league winning streak comes to an end Bayern ties Hoffenheim 3-3 at home after leading 3-1 in the first half
CNN  -- A home remedy for insomnia shared by Dr. Oz on his TV show left a New Jersey man sick , sore , lame and disabled from third-degree burns , according to a lawsuit filed last week in New York . Dr. Mehmet Oz called it "  my night sleep special " on the April 17 , 2012 , episode of his NBC show titled "  Dr. Oz 's 24-Hour Ultimate Energy Boost Plan . " It 's the "  Knapsack Heated Rice Footsie . " Specifically , it is a pair of socks with uncooked rice -- "  just enough to fill the toe of the sock " -- and heated in a microwave oven . "  You put this in the microwave until it 's warm , " Oz told viewers . "  Do n't get it too hot , just warm . " Put the socks on your feet and go to bed , he said . "  When you do this and lie for about 20 minutes with those socks on in bed , the heat will divert blood to your feet to your heat , " Oz said . "  when your feet get hot , guess what happens to your body . It gets cold . Your body will automatically adjust its core temperature and as it gets cooler , you 're going to be able to sleep better because your body has to be cold in order to be sleepy . " This , in combination with a cup of Rooibos Tea to reduce "  tensions , headaches and irritability , " should put you to sleep , Oz said . "  If you can do this the right way , you 're going to be thanking me for years to come , " he said . Frank Dietl , watching the show in his Southampton , New Jersey , tried it that night . "  Dietl was severely injured , bruised , and wounded , suffered , still suffers and will continue to suffer for some time physical pain and bodily injuries and became sick , sore , lame and disabled and so remained for a considerable length of time , " said the civil complaint , filed last Friday in a New York state court . Dietl , 76 , suffers from "  neuropathy of the lower extremities , " a result of diabetes , according to the lawsuit . The condition means Dietl has "  a diminished sensation in his feet , " it said . He could n't tell whether the rice was dangerously hot . Dr. Oz and his producers and distributors -- including co-defendants NBC , Sony Pictures Television , ZoCo Productions and Oprah Winfrey 's Harpo Productions -- should have warned viewers such as Dietl , the suit said . It was "  reasonably foreseeable " that someone suffering from neuropathy might have tried the "  Knapsack Heated Rice Footsie " and "  thereby sustain serious physical injury . " Oz neglected his "  duty and obligation to warn viewing audience as to the possible effects of following the advice offered " and "  to warn against certain effects of said medical advice as to those persons suffering from other additional medical conditions , " it said . Dietl is asking the court to award him monetary damages for the "  careless and negligent manner in which the defendants offered medical advice . " His injuries caused him to be "  confined to bed and home , has required medical attention , and has been prevented for some time to come , from pursuing his usual and ordinary activities , " the suit said . A spokesman for the show gave CNN a brief response to the lawsuit . "  At this time , The Dr. Oz Show has not been served with any complaint and therefore can not comment on the matter however we stand by the content in our program as safe and educational for our viewers , " Oz spokesman Tim Sullivan said . CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	"  Knapsack Heated Rice Footsie " caused third-degree burns to feet , lawsuit contends Dr. Oz should 've warned Frank Dietl about risks to someone with neuropathy , it says Neuropathy caused by diabetes lessens sensitivity in lower extremities Oz show info is "  safe and educational for our viewers , " Oz spokesman says
CNN  -- I wanted to believe the man in front of me was n't a rapist . I knew he was a former Sudanese soldier , I knew he wanted to talk about rape in Darfur . A humanitarian group working on Darfur issues had introduced him to us . They told us his testimony was important to hear . A woman left homeless by conflict in Darfur walks along railway tracks . Last year in Darfur aid workers told me children as young as five were being raped in the huge displacement camps that are home to several million Darfuris . In some camps , they told me , rape had become so common that as many as 20 babies a month born from rape were being abandoned . As I sat inches from Adam -- not his real name -- I feared the revulsion I knew I would feel at my own questions as I asked about rape and his involvement . I have interviewed rape survivors in Darfur . I have two daughters . I am a human being with a conscience . It would be hard to listen to his replies . He told me he was conscripted by force in to the Sudanese army in the summer of 2002 . He thought he was being taken for six months ' national service and then would be released . The conversation was slow going at first . We were both holding off from delving into the sordid details he 'd come to discuss . His answers were short , he told me he got no pay from the army , only food and drink . He said he was rounded up in an army truck from a market in Darfur and trained to kill . He said he was armed with Kalashnikovs and told to "  shoot targets . " Watch ex-soldier describe brutal attacks on children to Nic Robertson " Then , he says , his officers told him "  we will be taken to a patrol and then soon after that we were asked to join other people to go and burn and kill people " . That 's when he says he realized he was n't getting national service training , that in fact , he was being forced into war against his will , with his own people . "  They are black , " he told me , noting the difference between the lighter skinned rulers of Sudan and the darker farmers of Darfur . "  I am black , " he said , "  this should n't be happening . " But , he said , worse than being told to kill his own people , was that if he tried to resist , he himself would be killed . "  The order is that the soldiers at the front , and there are some people who are watching you from behind , if you try to escape or do anything you will get shot . The order is that we go to the village , burn it and kill the people . " It felt as Adam was beginning to open up a little -- not easy , given the topic , and the lights and cameras all around us . He was beginning to talk a bit more , answer questions with more than one or two words . But it was following a pattern : I 'd have to lead the way . We were both waiting for the inevitable . How he came to know of rape in Darfur . And that 's when he said it . Watch warrant being issued for president " He brought up the rape by himself . He was talking through a translator but his voice was quiet . I thought I heard anger , heard him slow and his voice drop : "  I had no choice , " he said "  but I will say that I did n't kill anybody but the raping of the small children , it was bad " I knew this was going to be difficult and now it had begun . What happens with the children , I asked . "  They cry out , " he answered . "  And what happens when they cry out ? " "  Two persons will capture her while she is crying and another raping her , then they leave her there , " came his reply . Silence . "  What do I ask now ? " I thought . Be forensic . Get the story . This is important testimony , I reminded myself . And so we continued , Adam describing in detail how soldiers raped girls as young as 12 . How officers ordered them to do this to make people flee their villages , run away and never come back . Through all of this , Adam did n't once mention whether he actually had been directly involved in the raping . He said he tried to desert the army as soon as he could , but was caught and tortured . He showed me the scars where he said he was tied down beneath a tree and officers set fire to tires above him , dripping burning rubber on his body . Eventually , he said , he did get away , went to his sisters , tried joining the rebels to fight the army . But even there , his troubles were far from over . Incredibly , he said , the rebels did n't trust him ; he was kept at their camp and only escaped when it was bombed by the army . The end of his story , but we were n't really done . One more question . Had he been forced to rape children ? "  Yes I did , they were government orders , " came his reply . How many ? "  Well it did n't feel like raping , I was feeling very bad but as I was ordered , I had to do something . What I did was take off my trousers and lay myself on top of the girl but I did n't feel like raping , so I lay there for about 15 minutes . " I want to be sure I understand him . "  So you did n't actually penetrate the girls ? " I ask . No , he says , "  because I had no feeling for it , my penis did n't actually wake up , so there was no actual penetration , " he replied . There were other people in the room , the translator , a cameraman , our producer Jonathan Wald , but I had forgotten they were there . My thoughts were entirely locked on Adam . What more could I ask ? I was emotionally drained . There was no way of knowing whether he was telling me the truth . Only in the measure of his voice was there a clue . Here , sitting on an office chair , thousands of miles away from Darfur , the memories come flooding back . The many , traumatized women and children we 've interviewed , distraught families , unable to protect themselves . The pain we put them through , to recount , to relive , their nightmares . Each time , I 've asked myself can I justify the suffering these questions cause ? Each time , I tell myself it is only their own accounts that can cast light on the darkened corner of humanity they inhabit . Only their own accounts that can help break their cycle of suffering . Time and again , though , it seems telling the world their stories has little tangible impact on their reality of their lives . And now I 'm face-to-face with a man who says he was part of the suffering , albeit by his own account not complicit and not guilty . I am left with the thought perhaps Adam 's words carry even greater power . If his story is true -- and it mirrors other accounts emerging from Darfur -- then it implicates the government in these terrible crimes . He says he has trouble sleeping at nights . I can understand why . He is not alone . Aid workers say millions of women in Darfur not only have trouble sleeping at nights , but live in fear of rape 24 hours a day .	Former soldier says he was armed with a Kalashnikov and told to kill "  Adam " describes taking part in rape attacks on children in Darfur Victims included girls as young as 12 , he says
CNN  -- Tyler , the Creator was arrested at the SXSW festival on Saturday , but the rapper still managed to make it to another concert that weekend . The artist , whose given name is Tyler Okonma , gave a performance at the Austin music festival on Thursday night that led police to charge the 23-year-old with a misdemeanor for allegedly inciting a riot . Okonma 's been accused of encouraging attendees at his Thursday show "  to force themselves past venue employees controlling access at the venue which was already at full capacity " on more than one occasion , says a statement from the Austin Police Department . Okonma 's alleged actions were not only against the law , the APD says in its release , but would have been "  an immediate danger and injury to persons , " and as a result "  can not be tolerated . " While Austin did n't have such a warm welcome -- Okonma promised to return to the city when things were more "  chill " -- he still had a great time in Dallas following Saturday 's arrest after being released on bond . New Zealand refuses entry to rap group Odd Future	Tyler , the Creator was arrested in Austin Rapper accused of inciting a riot at SXSW He said he will return to the Texas capital when things are more "  chill "
CNN  -- Nigerian authorities said Wednesday that a man with ties to al Qaeda plotted last week 's car bombing at the United Nations ' headquarters in the Nigerian capital that killed 23 people . The Nigerian State Security Service said Mamman Nur recently returned from Somalia and was "  working in concert " with two other suspects who have been arrested . The militant Somali group Al-Shabaab has been linked to al Qaeda . The secret service described Nur as a "  notorious Boko Haram element . " Boko Haram , a militant Islamic group , aims to enforce a strict version of Islamic law in Nigeria . The militant group had claimed responsibility for the attack in which a Honda packed with explosives rammed into the U.N. building , shattering windows and setting the place afire . Abuja has suffered a spate of deadly bombings in recent months . In June , a car blast killed at least five people at the police headquarters in the city . A month later , at least three people died in an explosion near a church outside the capital . The attacks on the church and police station may have been the work of Boko Haram , officials said . Africa 's most populous nation is divided between a largely Christian south and a Muslim north . "  Boko Haram " translates loosely as "  Western education is forbidden/sinful . " The group holds all government authority in contempt and wants to establish a Sharia state in northern Nigeria .	Mamman Nur recently returned from Somalia , the Nigerian secret service says He is suspected of masterminding the U.N. bombing last week He is described as a "  notorious Boko Haram element " Boko Haram wants to establish Islamic law in Nigeria
Philadelphia  CNN  -- Vice President Joe Biden does n't typically leave much off the table . But , in a wide-ranging interview with Kate Bolduan on CNN 's "  New Day , " he had more to say than we 've heard yet on everything from immigration and midterm elections to the most popular question of any political interview these days -- plans for 2016 . Here 's what we learned from the interview : Biden says presidential decision will come in summer 2015 1 . A task force is n't just a task force : He 's the Vice President in an administration resorting to executive action to keep itself relevant after what has become a long list of bruising losses since Democrats lost their pull in Congress in 2010 . When Bolduan asked Biden what could really come out of his new role as head of a jobs task force , he defended himself : "  Some of the stuff we did , major change came out . The Recovery Act and a whole range of other things . " Lackluster response , you say ? It 's easy to think back to the 2013 State of the Union address -- where he rose with the President to grand applause as Obama said : "  The families of Newtown deserve a vote . " This , of course , followed by a Biden-led task force that was followed with , yes , a vote . But a vote that failed . So , what 's the point here ? This is something he thinks he can accomplish , is passionate about and will translate to voters . If anything , he is arguing that a vice president who has run twice for the presidency is not worth writing off -- just yet . 2 . Biden wants to give Boehner a break : House Speaker John Boehner may have come out putting the ax to immigration reform for this year , but Biden is n't ready to give up yet . Biden said Boehner is "  getting , understandably , not a criticism , a great deal of pressure from the right that wants no part of this . I think he 'll work his way through this . I still think we can get this done . It does n't take much time . " More importantly , he said the administration does n't want to "  create more problems for John Boehner . " Inside Politics : Boehner says ` never mind ' on immigration "  I think no matter what we said , it would impact the internal dynamic and politics in the Republican caucus . We should let them figure their caucus out , " the Vice President said . So , whether he is a self-proclaimed optimist or just highly unrealistic , there 's an element here of understanding after what seems to be years of deadlock and impasse . But , does this leave enough room for Republicans to come back to the table ? We 'll see . 3 . Biden still is the popular kid -- just maybe not on the campaign trail : Biden is completely aware that the President and some of his policies have seen some record unpopularity over the past few months . And , just as he and the President are set to address the House Democratic retreat next week , he tells us exactly how big of a role they 'll play when it all comes down to the wire next fall . Biden to campaign for Florida Democrat in tight House race "  I 've been invited to go into well over 128 races so far . And so there are some places the President is considerably more popular than I am , but there 's some places where I can go in and the President ca n't , " he said . "  There are some places where it makes no sense for me to go in or for the President to go in . " Regardless , his shining optimism prevails : "  I think we are in the best shape we can be , because the American public agrees with us on the issues . " Source : Obama to stay away from some Senate races 4 . Classic Biden : What one might call a gaffe , others might call it a gift . Biden says what he feels , when he feels like it , at little expense . The best examples come from our interview and remarks he made preceding it . Biden said the "  one overwhelming reason " not to run for president would be the chance to get back behind the wheel of his Corvette : "  I 'd like to get that Z06 with 0 to 60 in 3.4 seconds . " When Bolduan asked about the Corvette comment , he said , "  Now you 've hit my sweet spot . " This , on top of calling New York 's LaGuardia Airport a "  third world country " as part of the "  embarrassing " and "  stupid " infrastructure left in America . He is treading a line that has become so critical to any politician repeatedly thrust into the spotlight . Biden : LaGuardia like a ` third-world country ' So , what 's the cost ? Everything he says could show up in an opponent 's campaign ads . Then , what 's the gain ? No one said it better than CNN 's John King on "  New Day " Friday morning : "  Joe Biden is a BFD in politics for a reason -- he 's the gift that keeps on giving . " He went on to say , "  Love him or hate him , what you see is what you get . " 5 . Joe Biden wants to be president : Last , and as noted above most important to the immediate news cycle and onward : Biden said he ca n't give a good reason not to run for president . There is no "  obvious reason . " Parsing Biden 's words : If Hillary runs , he wo n't But some would remind Biden of a couple : Hillary Clinton is burying him in many of the most recent polls . Healthcare.gov could haunt him in any future political endeavor to come .  Yes , Joe -- health care is a BFD , but the D is still to be determined . But we know one thing for sure -- summer 2015 is when we 'll get our answer . What would Democrats do without Clinton in 2016 ? Watch New Day weekdays at 6am-9am ET . For the latest on New Day click here	Biden thinks he can accomplish something as head of Obama 's jobs task force Administration does n't want to "  cause more problems for John Boehner " on immigration On campaigning for Democrats : "  The American public agrees with us on the issues "
CNN  -- Mitch McConnell could very well become the Senate majority leader after Tuesday 's midterm elections , but do n't count on Ted Cruz to make it an easy transition for the Kentucky Republican . Cruz , a Republican senator from Texas who 's eying a 2016 presidential bid , all but promised to raise hell next year should his party control the Senate . In an interview with The Washington Post published Sunday , Cruz refused to pledge his support to McConnell , the current minority leader in the Senate , and outlined what he believes should be the chamber 's priorities . Dems put up brave face ahead of election While Cruz has campaigned for many mainstream Republican candidates this year , his new comments indicate he 's aiming to re-claim the mantle of Republican insurgent , a role that helped define his first year in the Senate in 2013 . The first priority next year , he told the Post , should be a string of hearings on President Barack Obama , "  looking at the abuse of power , the executive abuse , the regulatory abuse , the lawlessness that sadly has pervaded this administration . " Polls give GOP momentum going into midterms He also hopes a Republican Senate will "  pursue every means possible to repeal Obamacare , " just as the GOP-controlled House has tried more than 50 times to dismantle the health care law . Part of the effort , he said , should include forcing a vote that could avoid a possible filibuster by Democrats . If Obama vetoes the repeal , the Senate should vote on Obamacare provisions "  one at a time , " according to the Post . McConnell , who 's trying to stave off a high-profile Democratic challenge in his re-election bid , has largely stayed away from spelling out the would-be Republican agenda next year . How presidential contenders are spending Election Night Cruz 's comments also set the stage for an interesting dynamic between himself and Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky , a potential 2016 rival . Unlike Cruz , Paul has stood closely by McConnell 's side in the senior senator 's re-election campaign -- an alliance that could surely benefit Paul , who 's eager to get his own series of bills passed in the run-up to a presidential bid .	Ted Cruz refused to pledge his support to Mitch McConnell if he becomes Senate majority leader He hopes the Senate will be as persistent in trying to repeal Obamacare as the House has been
Washington  CNN  -- A group that protects the welfare of animals has released an undercover video it claims shows animal abuse at a Texas farm operated by the largest egg producer in the United States . The Humane Society of the United States says one of its investigators worked at the Cal-Maine farm in Waelder , Texas , for almost a month this fall and documented multiple abuses and food-safety violations . The video shows dead birds , birds stuck in their cages , overcrowding and what appears to be hens covered in feces . At one point the video shows a dead bird as eggs roll by just inches away on a conveyor belt . The short , edited video was shown at a news conference on Wednesday by the Humane Society 's president and CEO , Wayne Pacelle . "  Our latest farm animal investigation documents inhumane treatment of laying hens and conditions that threaten food safety , " Pacelle said from the group 's headquarters in Washington . Pacell told reporters that Cal-Maine , based in Jackson , Mississippi , was unaware of the investigation and that the video was being made public for the first time . Pacell said he did n't know if the giant egg company had seen the video . Cal-Maine responded to the allegations with a statement on its website . "  Cal-Maine Foods has been a leader in accepting and implementing animal welfare measures . All of the Company 's facilities are operated in full compliance with existing environmental , health and safety laws and regulations and permits . Each employee involved in the care and handling of our hens is required to review , sign and comply with our Company code of conduct regarding the ethical treatment of hens which requires employees to report any possible violations , " the statement said . The egg industry has taken a beating of late . Just this summer over half a billion eggs were recalled after a salmonella outbreak was traced to an Iowa farm . Cal-Maine is no stranger to recalls . It recalled 288,000 eggs earlier this month when the U.S. Food and Drug Administration informed the company that eggs from one of its Ohio plants tested positive for Salmonella enteritidis . Salmonella , which is generally contracted from contaminated poultry , meat , eggs , or water , affects the intestinal tract . According to the U.S. Department of Agriculture 's Food Safety and Inspection Service , chickens can pass the bacteria to eggs because the eggs leave hens through the same passageway as feces . Alternatively , bacteria in the hen 's ovary or oviduct can get to the egg before the shell forms around it , FSIS said . Cal-Maine says it sold over 778 million eggs in 2009 , which represents 18 percent of the United States market . According to the companies website , "  Cal-Maine has an industry-leading record in food safety with all of its 35 processing plants independently verified as reaching the highest level of safety by the Safe Quality Food Institute . " Over 70 billion eggs are produced a year in the United States , and the Humane Society would like to see the large egg farms change their ways "  Time and again , we 've found that these massive facilities caging hundreds of thousands of animals do not properly care for the birds ... It 's time for the egg industry to embrace cage-free housing systems and move away from battery cage confinement methods , " Pacelle said . Battery cage systems allow many birds to be housed in one facility but critics claim it 's dangerous and cruel to the animals . The Humane Society would like to see cage-free housing but so far only 5 percent of eggs produced in the U.S. use this method , according to Pacelle . The U.S. Food and Drug Administration implemented new rules in July for large egg producers . These mandates include cleaning poultry houses that test positive for salmonella , rodent control , refrigeration of eggs during storage and transportation and buying chicks and young hens only from suppliers who monitor for Salmonella bacteria . The USDA says that as many as 79,000 illnesses and 30 deaths due to consumption of eggs contaminated with the bacterium Salmonella enteritidis may be avoided each year with these new measures in place .	The Humane Society releases a video it says shows animal abuse at an egg farm The undercover video was shot at a Texas farm The company , Cal-Maine , says it has been a leader in animal welfare Cal-Maine is the largest egg producer in the United States
CNN  -- There are n't too many times when I 'm speechless about what I consider an outrageous example of parenting . This is one of those times . An Instagram photo surfaced over the weekend of a child wearing a Ray Rice costume and dragging a doll ostensibly meant to symbolize the wife of the embattled former NFL star , Janay Rice .  The person who posted the photo with the caption "  Greatest costume ever " appears to have since taken down their Instagram account . As most of us sadly know by now from the surveillance video that has been seen around the world , Rice dragged his then-fiancee out of an elevator after knocking her out in February . And so a kids ' costume of Rice dragging his wife ? Are you kidding me ? Thankfully , some parents across the country have the words I ca n't seem to find . Halloween costumes to avoid this year "  Utterly disgusting ! " is what Mike Heenan , a father of two young daughters and organizer of the SF Dads Group , called "  the seemingly celebratory suggestion of domestic violence in dragging around a Janay Rice doll . " "  Not just insensitive . Idiotic ! Dangerous ! Disgraceful ! " said Heenan , who is also the founder of the blog At-Home Dad Matters . On Facebook , Alison Bucalo , a mom of two boys in Ridgewood , New Jersey , said she would never let her little guys wear something "  so tasteless . " "  What 's the purpose ? To be funny ? To shock ? To show zero class ? What is the lesson here ? " she asked . This Ray Rice costume for kids is just the latest example of what seems to be a trend in wildly inappropriate children 's Halloween costumes , with selections ranging from meth dealers Walter White and Jesse Pinkman from TV 's "  Breaking Bad " to a baby cigarette to serial killer Hannibal Lecter . 5 scary good healthy Halloween treats On the video-sharing site for tweens called KidzVuz , a girl who goes by the name "  citykid " was horrified to see costumes such as a "  terrorist " and a "  little Hitler . " "  People actually made these for their kids to wear , " she said incredulously . "  Just because it 's Halloween that does n't mean you can cross these kinds of lines . " Well said , citykid . She also pointed out the growing popularity of oversexualized costumes for our girls . "  By making these costumes manufacturers are encouraging tween girls to dress twice their age . " Melissa Atkins Wardy , a mom of two and author of "  Redefining Girly , " said it is "  especially concerning " when hypersexualized costumes "  dominate the girls market . " Pink , princess-y and sexy too soon "  It reflects a litmus test of our society and conveys the message to girls they are valued for their looks , " said Wardy , who is also the founder and chief executive officer of PigtailPals & Ballcap Buddies , which offers empowering T-shirts for girls and boys . "  Instead of dressing like a true fire fighter/super hero/doctor/bug / witch , they face row after row of the sexy version of those things , size 5T , " Wardy said . "  While a little girl may not understand what ` sexy ' is , the older children and adults around her certainly do , and it impacts the way we talk to and respond to girls . " Pam Moore , host of the blog Whatevs , said she 's seen costumes such as a "  sexy mermaid " or a "  sexy Starbucks beverage " for children on Pinterest . "  Basically , anything that could be described as ` sexy ' is inappropriate for a young girl , " said Moore , who blogs about motherhood , fitness , home birth and life in Boulder , Colorado . As for how a parent can draw the line between what 's inappropriate and what 's OK for children to wear on Halloween , Moore , in my humble opinion , had some great advice . "  I would ask myself if this costume is getting a laugh at anyone 's expense . If so , that costume is probably not OK , " she said . "  Is the costume sexy ? If my child has not yet hit puberty , that 's a clear line that the costume is not OK . Is the costume making light of violence ? That costume is not OK . " Do you think the child costume of Ray Rice dragging a doll is inappropriate for children ? Tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	A photo of a child in a Ray Rice costume dragging a Janay Rice doll surfaced on Instagram "  Utterly disgusting " is the sentiment shared by many parents about the costume Many parents say hypersexualized costumes for girls are also inappropriate "  Just because it 's Halloween that does n't mean you can cross these kinds of lines , " said one tween
Kano , Nigeria  CNN  Troops from Niger and Chad discovered a mass grave with more than 90 decomposed bodies near a northern Nigerian town recently retaken from the Islamic militant group Boko Haram , security sources from both countries said Friday . The corpses , some of them beheaded , were found in a shallow mass grave under a bridge just outside the Nigerian town of Damasak , near the border with Niger , the sources said . Troops from Niger and Chad took back the town from Boko Haram last week during a joint operation , the security sources said . Damasak is in Borno , one of several northern states inhabited by the Islamist militant group . Borno is in the northeast corner of Nigeria and borders Niger , Chad and Cameroon . Boko Haram has terrorized northern Nigeria regularly since 2009 , attacking police , schools , churches , mosques and civilians . It has kidnapped students , including more than 200 schoolgirls who were abducted in April 2014 and remain missing . The group , its naming meaning "  Western education is forbidden , " has said its aim is to impose a stricter form of Sharia law across Nigeria . Journalist Aminu Abubakar reported from Kano , Nigeria . CNN 's Melissa Gray wrote and reported from Atlanta .	The shallow mass grave is under a bridge near the town of Damasak More than 90 decomposed bodies Troops retook the town from Boko Haram
CNN  -- The superintendent of the Kansas City , Missouri , school district on Thursday defended a plan to shutter nearly half the district 's schools . "  No one likes closing schools . It 's hard . It 's tough on families , and it 's certainly tough on our community , " superintendent John Covington said Thursday . "  Closing schools and making the remaining schools much stronger academically is unquestionably the right thing to do . We were operating far too many schools , " he said . He said the district was only using about 60 percent of the seats in its elementary schools , 40 percent in its middle schools and an even smaller percentage in its high schools . After weeks of contentious debate and years of dwindling enrollment , a divided Kansas City Board of Education voted Wednesday night to approve what Covington calls the "  right-size " plan . The plan will close 29 education facilities , including 26 schools , according to the district . Some parents voiced anger . Some students cried . "  I have an 8-year-old and a 6-year-old that will be going to school with 12th graders . I find that very inappropriate . I do n't feel my children will be safe , " Deneicia Williams told CNN affiliate KSHB-TV . "  I feel like I have nothing , I have no high school legacy . I feel like I have nothing , nothing to go back to , " said Prince Jones , a senior , who will be part of the final graduating class at Westport High School . Covington proposed the plan arguing that the financial future of the entire school district was at stake . The plan also cuts 700 jobs and saves $ 50 million to help reduce a burgeoning deficit . School districts across America , hit hard by budget cuts , have been struggling to make ends meet . They have had to make tough choices between closures , program cuts , bus route cancellations and layoffs of teachers and staff . Schools in at least 17 states have opted for four-day weeks . Are your schools having trouble ? Share your story Covington said the closures were the first phase of "  right-sizing " a district where enrollments have plummeted from more than 35,000 in the 1999-2000 school year to about 17,000 in 2009-10 . "  Closing schools is hard , and it is tough on the community , " Covington said recently in remarks posted on the superintendent 's Web site . "  Closing schools and making the remaining schools much stronger academically is unquestionably the right thing to do for kids , " he said . "  Keeping all of the schools open with too few children in them is draining the resources we need to improve the education of all students . " But four of the nine board members disagreed with Covington . "  I deserve the right to make a rational decision based on facts , and we were never given facts about student achievement , " Cokethea Hill , who voted against the closings , told KSHB . Some members of the public showed up Wednesday to air their last-minute appeals . "  What I 'm asking you today to do is to give our children justice , " said Ron Hunt , a community activist . Others worried that school closures would lead to deterioration of communities and drive residents out of the district . "  The blighting of the urban core is scandalous and shameful , " said Sharon Sanders Brooks . Covington is slated to discuss the school closings at a news conference Thursday morning .	Kansas City , Missouri , school board approves plan to close 28 of 61 public schools Superintendent says "  right-size " plan is needed to save money , prevent declining enrollment Critics say closures will drive residents away from school districts
CNN  -- Rescuers in northern California on Thursday found the body of Thomas Bennett , a climber who became trapped on Mount Shasta after falling ill . A seven-member rescue team flew in by helicopter and found the hiker , who had taken shelter Sunday in a snow cave , the Siskiyou County Sheriff 's Office said . According to local reports , Bennett and a climbing partner trekked to the summit of the mountain , and on their way down , Bennett became sick and unresponsive . His partner , Mark Thomas , dug a snow cave for Bennett and hiked down , looking for help . Poor visibility and weather dashed attempts to fly in the rescue team Wednesday , the sheriff 's office said . On Thursday , the team went up in a Chinook helicopter and was off-loaded near Mount Shasta 's summit . They found an avalanche marker that Thomas had left at the snow cave , and the rescuers dug and found that Bennett had died . Bennett 's family was notified , and his body was flown off the mountain , the sheriff 's office said . An autopsy to determine the exact cause of death was scheduled .	Thomas Bennett had taken ill Sunday after trekking to the summit of the mountain His partner , Mark Thomas , dug a snow cave for Bennett and hiked down An autopsy is scheduled to determine the exact cause of death
Sao Paulo , Brazil  CNN  Brazilian police have arrested the treasurer of the ruling Workers ' Party , bringing the bribery investigation at the state-run oil company Petrobras a step closer to President Dilma Rousseff . Federal police arrested Joao Vaccari Neto at his home in Sao Paulo on Wednesday morning . Vaccari faces charges of corruption and money laundering as part of the broader probe into corruption at Petrobras . Former executives who have turned state 's evidence claim that construction companies paid large sums under the table to Petrobras officials and politicians in order to secure lucrative contracts with the oil giant . Vaccari has denied any wrongdoing and recently told a congressional commission that all donations to his party were legal and were reviewed by electoral authorities . Vaccari is the closest political figure to Rousseff so far implicated in the investigation . Rousseff herself has not been implicated , although she was the chairwoman of Petrobras when much of the alleged corruption took place . Rousseff has insisted she supports the probe and has not in any way interfered with the investigation . Sources quoted in Brazilian media have said investigators are looking at whether some of the bribes went toward Rousseff 's election campaigns . Anger over what has ballooned into a multi-million dollar corruption scandal has eroded Rousseff 's approval rating and prompted hundreds of thousands of Brazilians to take to the streets in protest . On Sunday , about half a million people participated in demonstrations across the country . But turnout was smaller than a month earlier , when roughly one million people marched in protest , raising questions about how long the demonstrations can last .	A top official with President Dilma Rousseff 's ruling party is arrested in bribery probe Joao Vaccari Neto denies wrongdoing , says all donations were legal Hundreds of thousands of Brazilians have protested against Rousseff in the last few months
Not so long ago the thought of reaching into your pocket for a digital currency might have seemed too far-fetched . But cryptocurrencies are digital money -- and they 're on the rise . This method of payment , which cuts out the banks , is peer to peer and it 's all done digitally . While the most well-known is Bitcoin -- being the first of its kind in 2009 -- there are many others now , such as Litecoin and Feathercoin . There 's no denying that digital money is part of the future of finance . Most recent figures show there is more than $ 1.5 billion worth of Bitcoin in circulation . Watch the explainer video to learn a few more facts about the world of cryptocurrencies .	Over $ 1 million dollars are being traded in Bitcoin every day Transaction history is encrypted into a chain of letters and numbers for each coin 's identity Fans of cryptocurrencies like the fact that no single person or institution has control
CNN  -- You know those little "  winglets " that point up from the tips of airliner wings ? Those were developed by NASA . And , you know those little grooves in runways that channel away standing water ? NASA again . America 's space agency is n't just about space . It also develops ways to make our airliners safer and more efficient . Guess what ? You may have been flying with NASA technology for years , and did n't even know it . Shape-shifting wings ? They 're coming Now , an ongoing project could radically change the way airliners look and , more importantly , save hundreds of millions of dollars a year in fuel costs . NASA calls it the Adaptive Compliant Trailing Edge project , or ACTE . It 's best described in three words : Shape . Shifting . Wings . Those words sound like science fiction , but NASA and a company called Flexsys are developing wings that change shape in response to flight conditions and weather . Superflexible very strong composite materials make it possible . What does that mean to air travelers ? You 've probably looked out the window of an airliner to see the hinged metal flaps on the rear edge of a wing . New flexible materials allow the wing to change shapes without hinges . NASA shows off new flight technology This week , NASA invited dozens of aerospace bloggers and social media mavens to see new aviation technology at its Armstrong Flight Research Center in California 's High Desert , about 100 miles north of Los Angeles . They got an exclusive look at NASA 's flexible wing project and other ongoing research aimed at aviation . They also got a chance to hang out with engineers and pilots . Then , they tweeted about it . Project manager Tom Rigney compared the flexible wings to "  watching a bathtub bend . You do n't expect something shaped like that to bend into a very fluid looking shape . " If these new wings end up on airliners in the coming decades , they 'll transform our flying experience into smoother , more comfortable and less expensive journeys . But do n't expect them until after 2025 , said Rigney . So , the big question about the flexible wing is pretty simple : How does it work ? That 's a proprietary secret . NASA is prohibited from telling us . But here 's what the NASA engineers could say : It morphs to compensate for changing flight conditions . In the future , "  a pilot could be flying through a strong gust and the wings adjust so passengers wo n't feel the forces of the gust , " Rigney said . It could change the way engineers design airliner wings . "  Now we have wings that are made heavier to withstand gusts , but with this technology , they may not have to design heavy wings like that anymore , " said Rigney . Moving wings in-flight A three-member crew of a heavily modified NASA Gulfstream III has been flight testing this new wing material . Inside the cockpit sits a mascot : a little stuffed animal named Scrat , the prehistoric squirrel character from the film "  Ice Age . " NASA loves its acronyms , so Scrat has been defined as the "  SubsoniC Research Aircraft Testbed . " The test flights climb to around 40,000 feet and accelerate to about 75 % of the speed of sound . Never far away is a chase plane , in case an issue comes up and they need an exterior set of eyes on the wings . The wing material "  is just one , smooth surface , " said NASA test pilot Tim Williams . "  It 's very , very solid . " Right now , the wing is adjusted before each flight , not while airborne . Once this test program is complete , the next step would be to design a new wing . "  I would think that wing would be moveable in flight , " said Williams , "  and it will make a big difference . " Someday this new wing technology may join the list of NASA innovations that have made air travel safer and more convenient . Here are five big examples 1 . Airborne wind shear detection A weather phenomenon called wind shear poses danger to airliners during takeoffs and landings . Wind shear involves sudden changes in wind speed , horizontally or vertically . Airplanes now have sensors that can predict it while in flight . In the 1980s and '90s , NASA conducted wind shear research and validated the technology surrounding the sensors . 2 . Digital fly-by-wire Older airliners used heavy cables and pulleys to connect the cockpit controls to the wings and tail . Now , thanks to NASA research in the 1960s and '70s , pilots control newer airliners via electronic wire-based systems . 3 . Lightning protection standards Airliners are safer from lightning strikes now , due to NASA research during the 1970s and '80s . What NASA learned has helped protect airliner avionics and electronics from damage by lightning strikes . 4 . Engine nozzle chevrons Chevrons -- serrated shapes on the rear edges of the nacelles , the jet engine housings -- cut noise in the cabin and on the ground . These were developed thanks to NASA computer simulations in the 1990s and 2000s . 5 . Winglets Vertical extensions developed by NASA during the 1970s and '80s led to airliner "  winglets , " which allow planes to slice through the air more efficiently , saving fuel and money .	NASA and Flexsys are developing shape-shifting wings for airplanes Flexible wings would save millions in fuel and smooth the ride for passengers NASA showed off its wing technology to bloggers and social media mavens this week NASA has contributed heavily to innovations used in commercial aviation
CNN  -- Hunger is stunting hundreds of millions of children in the developing world , and more than 90 percent of them live in Africa and Asia , UNICEF says . Poor nutrition is one of the main killers of young children , the U.N. Children 's Fund says in the new report "  Tracking Progress on Child and Maternal Nutrition . " "  The report we have launched draws attention to the fact that 200 million children under the age of 5 in the developing world suffer from chronic undernutrition , " said Werner Schultink , UNICEF 's associate director of nutrition . A lack of food can impair physical , mental and social abilities , the report says , adding that proper nutrition is important for mother and child . The 1,000 days from conception until a child 's second birthday are the most critical for development , according to UNICEF . Undernourished children "  will perform less well in school , they will be able to do less well as an adult and , even worse , their health situation in adult life may be negatively affected , " Schultink said . "  They are more likely to suffer from chronic diseases , such as heart disease or diabetes . " UNICEF says nutrition supplement programs have helped deliver vitamin A and iodized salt to vulnerable children in developing countries , boosting childhood mortality . Mothers also are being urged to breast-feed their children for at least the first six months to provide key antibodies and nutrients . Reducing and eliminating malnutrition is feasible , according to the report , which calls on the international community to provide urgent help or face the consequences . "  Global commitments on food security , nutrition and sustainable agriculture are part of a wider agenda that will help address the critical issues raised in this report , " said Ann Veneman , UNICEF 's executive director . "  Unless attention is paid to addressing the causes of child and maternal undernutrition today , the costs will be considerably higher tomorrow . "	Poor nutrition is one of the main killers of young children , UNICEF report says Report : 200 million children younger than 5 suffer from chronic undernutrition Undernourished kids more likely to suffer from chronic diseases such as heart disease , diabetes Reducing and eliminating malnutrition is feasible , the report says
London , England  CNN  -- British Airways was able to get three out of four planes to their destination this weekend despite the ongoing strike by cabin crew , the airline 's CEO , Willie Walsh , said Sunday . Walsh told CNN he was "  clearly disappointed for customers who have had disrupted travel plans but I 'm really pleased that we have been able to do so much and we are determined to keep this going . "  We have had high numbers of cabin crew turning up for work . We would n't have been able to fly such a significant operation if we did n't have cabin crew supporting us , " he said . But the assistant general secretary of the Unite union , which represents the cabin crew , said BA was losing money and shifting customers onto other airlines in a "  con trick . " Are you worried about the strike ? "  BA is claiming that it can function but it is doing so by throwing away millions of pounds every day as it dumps its passengers on other carriers , " Unite 's Len McClusky said in a statement . "  Passengers who turn up expecting to fly BA , a brand they trust and have paid a premium for , will now be shipped onto carriers they 've never heard of . " British Airways and Unite have been at odds for more than a year over changes the airline wants to make to cabin crew pay and work practices . BA says the changes will save the company more than 60 million pounds  $ 90 million  a year . Unite has said the plans , which call for longer work hours and less staffing , will damage customer service and the BA brand . At least 51 British Airways flights leaving Heathrow Sunday were listed as canceled on the airport 's Web site , and at least 79 arrivals were listed as canceled , as of 10:30 local time  5:30 a.m. ET  . Destinations in the UK , United States , Europe , Africa and the Middle East were directly affected by the cancellation of BA flights . And other airlines such as American Airlines , Cathay Pacific and Iberia were showing flight cancellations because of code-sharing . The union claimed half of British Airways flights were canceled on Sunday . BA in the past has said it is legally bound as a publicly traded company to provide accurate information , while the union is under no such obligations . The latest strike , which began Saturday , meant American student Brittany Smith and her family were being rerouted from London 's Heathrow to Atlanta , Georgia , on their way home to Denver , Colorado . She has already e-mailed her professors to explain that she will not make class . "  It is frustrating , but if you let it frustrate you , you 're just going to ruin your travel plans even more , " she told CNN . "  So you are just going to have to take it with a grain of salt , and realize that everyone is doing the best they can and to make it easier on everyone to stay positive . " The four-day strike is the union 's second one in a month over pay and working conditions . It staged a three-day walkout last weekend BA said its operations got off to a good start Saturday despite the strike by thousands of its cabin crew members . The airline said it was able to operate flights as normal at two London airports , Gatwick and City , and that the number of crew members reporting for work at Heathrow was enough to operate BA 's planned schedule . It said enough staff had crossed the picket lines that it was able to fly more than 75 percent of customers scheduled to travel during the strike . Another 18 percent of passengers are booked to fly on other carriers or have changed their travel dates to avoid the strike , the airline said . Advice for passengers The Unite union , which represents 95 percent of BA 's 15,000 cabin crew , said it was too early say how many crew members worked despite the strike . The airline said it will be able to run a full operation from London 's Gatwick and City airports . At London 's Heathrow Airport , BA will be able to run up to 55 percent of its short-haul flights and up to 70 percent of its long-haul flights , the airline said . Gatwick-based cabin crew work under different conditions , which is why the strike affects one airport more than the other . BA handed a statement to passengers on some long-haul flights , reassuring them the airline 's own staff was working on board . "  British Airways pilots will be flying your aircraft and you will be cared for in the cabin by British Airways staff , " the statement read . "  Some of these staff in the cabin may be additional pilots who have volunteered to look after you , and as such will be wearing their pilot uniforms . " Pauline Doyle , a spokeswoman for Unite , said having pilots standing in as flight attendants "  undermines " the relationship between cabin crew and pilots . Pauline Doyle , a spokeswoman for Unite , said having pilots standing in as flight attendants "  undermines " the relationship between cabin crew and pilots . Other carriers are offering to accommodate BA passengers affected by the strike . British carrier BMI , which flies to Europe and the Middle East , said Friday it had added 4,500 seats to its normal Heathrow flight schedule and Ryanair offered special fares to BA passengers . CNN 's Erin McLaughlin contributed to this report .	British Airways : "  We will fly more than 75 percent of customers booked to travel " At least 51 BA flights leaving Heathrow Sunday were listed as canceled BA cabin crew members in dispute over pay and working conditions Airline and Unite union have been at odds for more than a year over planned changes
CNN  -- All eyes will be on the figure skating rink  and the judges panel  , it 's Round 2 for Canada and the United States in this women 's hockey tournament and women 's halfpipe ski makes its debut without one of its pioneers . Figure skating With expectations nearly as high as the men 's hockey team , two Russian figure skaters are in position to medal Thursday . But instead of Julia Lipnitskaya being the Russian in the top 3 after the short program , it was Adelina Sotnikova who was just behind Yuna Kim , the current queen of the ice . A few U.S. journalists thought Sotnikova was the recipient of some generous scores from the judges , but she said she deserved the 74.64 total . "  I 'm very happy the first  technical element score of 39.09  mark was so high , " she said . "  I skated really well , and I got good levels on everything so I think they reflected my skate . " Lipnitskaya fell on a triple flip but still sits in fifth position between Americans Gracie Gold and Ashley Wagner . "  I do n't know what happened . My preparation was all fine . I was n't nervous . I did n't feel too much pressure , " she said despite the immense hopes of her countrymen . "  The marks were n't as low as I expected . I can still fight for a medal tomorrow . " Yuna Kim still looks the part of champion despite her absence from many recent competitions . She 'll be the final skater of the free skate , which she said will bring "  extra pressure . " Sotnikova , meanwhile , is the third skater of the final group . Third-place Carolina Kostner of Italy is just before the Russian . Kim , who is trying to join Sonja Henie and Katarina Witt as the only back-to-back female gold medalists in the sport , claims she is not about being a part of history . "  Personally , It 's not my ambition to defend my gold medal . It 's meaningful , but not significant , " she said . "  I did well today but nobody knows what will happen tomorrow . " Other notable fact : Only four times has a female skater won the gold on her home ice . This will be the 24th version of the event . Women 's ice hockey It 's been a long wait . For some , since Vancouver . For others , since they were children . After winning the first hockey tournament in 1998 , the U.S. women have had to look up to the top of the Olympic podium to see another team get the gold medal . It 's been Canada every dang time . In 2010 , the Americans lost 2-0 in the final . About half of those U.S. players are back . "  There are 11 of us who have been training since Vancouver who came up short , " Monique Lamoureux said . "  It 's something that 's motivated us for the last four years . It 's something that really sticks with us . " Three Canadian players have won three gold medals , including Hayley Wickenheiser , perhaps the greatest women 's player of all-time . "  It 's where we wanted to be , " Wickenheiser , 35 , told Canada.com on Monday . "  We 're ready for this , and we had a great run-up to this game  a semifinal win over pesky Switzerland  . But we know we 're going to have to bring our best game  against the States  . " Canada has n't lost an Olympic game since February 17 , 1998 . For the United States the Games have brought bronze , silver , then another silver at Vancouver . U.S. players still sting from that loss , but winning gold has been a long-time goal . "  It 's not just about Vancouver , " Meghan Duggan said . "  Some of us have dreamed of this since we were little kids . " Canada won 3-2 when the two teams met in group play . The two teams meet again at noon ET . Women 's curling The Olympic world officially was introduced to curling in 1998 . That year , a magnificent skip from Canada led her team to a gold medal . She was Sandra Schmirler -- Schmirler the Curler -- and for some of us , the first great curler we ever watched . And just two years later , she died of cancer , leaving us feeling robbed . Canada has n't won women 's curling since Nagano , but that might change Thursday when the undefeated Canadians face Sweden -- a team they beat 9-3 nine days ago -- in the final . "  All I can ask is that we put it all on the ice , and we have a shot at the win , " Canada skip Jennifer Jones said after beating Great Britain in the semifinal . Sweden has won the past two gold medals but has a different skip this time . Margaretha Sigfridsson has yet to win any big tournaments and has four second-place results from the world championships . Women 's halfpipe ski If it 's a new discipline with a history rooted at the X Games then the United States will have strong medal contenders , right ? In this case , it 's Maddie Bowman , Brita Sigourney , Angeli Vanlaanen and Annalisa Drew . Roz Groenewoud of Canada , who is dedicating her Games to the late Sarah Burke  a Canadian pipe star who died in 2012 during training  , has responded well to knee surgeries . She placed second at a recent X games event won by Bowman . According to USA Today , Burke 's husband and her parents made the trip to Sochi to see the Olympic premiere of the event Sarah Burke campaigned so much for . Groenewoud carries a piece of Burke 's jewelry with her . "  She was extremely competitive , extremely driven , but that never colored her ability to be compassionate and generous with compliments and stuff like that , " Groenewoud told USA Today of the four-time Winter X Games champion . Who else to watch : Marie Martinod of France came out of retirement and earlier this year finished third at the X Games . Men 's ski cross Ok , let 's try to predict a sport in which six different people won seven World Cup races . One in which some "  favorite " is going to be knocked out in an elimination race by another competitor . Usually we tell you about the defending champion , but Michael Schmid of Switzerland has raced just six World Cup events since 2010 due to a bad knee . So we 'll be watching Jean-Frederic Chapuis of France who , besides the really cool name , has a world title . John Teller of the United States owns one of those World Cup wins . And according to his website , he works in the family garage when he is not skiing . Now there 's somebody America can get behind . Who else to watch : It seems like any of the 32 racers in the eight heats has a podium chance .	Home ice has not always been kind to female figure skaters The same ol' women 's hockey final is a revenge match for the U.S. Canada tries to finish perfect curling run Sarah Burke would have been proud to see halfpipe in the Olympics finally
CNN  -- Hey Star Trek fans , how much do you know about Capt. James Kirk ? Were you aware that he was born in Bethesda , Maryland , and raised in Hershey , Pennsylvania ? That he graduated from the U.S. Naval Academy ? Does n't sound familiar ? We 're talking about the real James Kirk , who , like the fictional Star Trek character James T. Kirk , commands a ship of the most cutting-edge technology . Shields up ! Scientists work to produce ` Star Trek ' deflector device Capt. James A. Kirk will be commander of the Navy 's new USS Zumwalt , the first of the DDG-1000 class of destroyers . It is longer , faster and carries state-of-the-art weapons that will allow it to destroy targets at more than 60 miles away , according to the Navy . Much of the ship 's superstructure is wrapped in a huge canopy made of lightweight carbon fiber composite . Navy owes $ 1.5 million for damage to reef , Philippines says The Zumwalt ca n't travel into deep space like the Starship Enterprise , but it does have a feature that the fictional Capt. Kirk coveted . On the television series , the captain once stole a "  cloaking device " from a Romulan ship that effectively made the Enterprise "  disappear " from their enemies ' eyes . While the Zumwalt can not completely disappear , its canopy and the rest of the ship is built on angles that help make it 50 times harder to spot on radar than an ordinary destroyer . When its begins missions , the Zumwalt will be the largest stealth ship in the Navy . This man cost the Navy a submarine CNN 's Larry Shaughnessy and Brad Lendon contributed to this report .	Capt. Kirk is commanding a new ship It 's not a spacecraft , but a new Navy stealth destroyer Navy Capt. James Kirk shares a name with the Star Trek character
CNN  -- The message Saturday from fire officials to hundreds of people in the path of a wildfire burning in Idaho 's Wood River Valley : Pack up your essential belongings , your pets and go . Resident Robert Cole did n't need any further encouraging to get out of the way of the blaze , dubbed the Beaver Creek Fire , that swelled significantly -- and dangerously -- over the course of the day . "  I 've seen enough disaster in my life ... But never any fire that threatened my home , " Cole said , looking toward a glowing ridge . Photos : ` Wall of fire ' threatens homes Somewhere in that area , he knew firefighters were working to save homes "  I hope like hell they are safe , " Cole said . The fire grew from 64,000 acres on Friday to nearly 93,000 on Saturday , pushed in large part by strong winds , low humidity and dry brush , according to the U.S. multi-agency fire response website InciWeb . Firefighters have been unable to corral the blaze that was ignited by a lightning strike on August 7 northwest of the town of Hailey . It was just 9 % contained by Saturday evening -- up slightly from the 6 % containment it had been for most of the day -- said Meghan Stump of the fire information office . Mandatory evacuation orders grew from 1,600 homes to more than 2,200 homes by late Saturday afternoon . Those areas include parts of the towns of Hailey and Ketchum , as well as Greenhorn Gulch , Deer Creek , Golden Eagle and Timber Gulch . What to know about wildfires "  Out in Deer Creek and Green Horn , we got our butts kicked , " the Blaine County Fire Chief Bart Lassman told 500 residents gathered Saturday afternoon at a community meeting in Hailey , according to CNN affiliate KTVB . Hot shot teams and fire engine crews were awakened at 2:30 a.m. local time to battle the fire making a run at homes , Tracy Weaver , a fire public information officer , told KTVB . "  Firefighters are making a valiant stand , " she said . The fire has destroyed at least one home and damaged several others , according to InciWeb . It also destroyed a bridge that had connected the Idaho communities of Ketchum and Fairfield , according to Stump . As of Saturday evening , there were no reports of injuries stemming from the blaze , she said . Still , the danger is real , which is why the Blaine County Sheriff 's Office said Saturday afternoon there was a "  high probability " of even more evacuations to come in West Ketchum . Residents of the cities of Ketchum and Sun Valley -- home to a well-known ski resort -- are under a pre-evacuation notice . "  Begin preparations now so that you can leave immediately should conditions deteriorate , " the sheriff 's office warned . More than 1,000 personnel are involved in fighting the fire , which was sparked by lightning on August 7 . Authorities said Highway 75 was intermittently closed due to fire , smoke and firefighting operations . The Idaho National Guard also has been called in to help , Gov. Butch Otter has issued a disaster declaration and ordered the Idaho National Guard to provide support for firefighting efforts . The governor warned people to obey the evacuation orders . "  Those folks ' job is to fight fire , not rescue people , and evacuate them after they were told to do it , and refused to do it , " Otter told KTVB . "  I understand you want to protect your property . But , I will guarantee you that nobody is going to go out of their way to get you out of your house , if it is n't necessary . " CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Greg Botelho , Janet DiGiacomo , Travis Sattiewhite , John Branch and AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	NEW : Beaver Creek Fire is 9 % contained , up from 6 % earlier Saturday Mandatory evacuations ordered for 2,200 homes , fire officials say "  Take your essential belongings and pets and go now , " says sheriff 's office The towns of Hailey and Ketchum are among those affected
CNN  -- Jessica Barrymore , the half-sister of actress Drew Barrymore , was found dead early Tuesday morning . Jessica Barrymore , 47 , was found in her vehicle on a street in National City , California , near San Diego , the San Diego County Medical Examiner said in a report . According to San Diego TV station KGTV , a resident noticed Barrymore at the wheel of a car blocking her driveway around 6 a.m. Tuesday . When the resident went to check on her , Barrymore did not respond . Upon seeing "  dozens of white pills scattered around , " the TV station reported , the resident called police . Her death was confirmed by the fire department . She was an employee of a Petco store . Jessica Barrymore and Drew Barrymore are both daughters of actor John Drew Barrymore but have different mothers . Drew Barrymore , who was born nine years after Jessica , only met her half-sister "  briefly , " she said in a statement . She expressed sorrow at her death . "  I wish her and her loved ones as much peace as possible and I 'm so incredibly sorry for their loss , " she said . A postmortem examination has not been scheduled . ` Die Hard ' actor James Shigeta dies Last Enola Gay crew member dies CNN 's Joan Yeam contributed to this story .	Jessica Barrymore was half-sister of Drew Barrymore She was found dead early Tuesday morning Drew Barrymore : "  I 'm so incredibly sorry "
Budget Travel  -- It 's every city 's favorite excuse for a party . Here are ten spectacular ways to ring in 2009 . Brilliant and colorful fireworks light up Australia 's Sydney Harbour Bridge last New Year 's Eve . Bangkok : A fresh tradition If Times Square 's light show does n't cut it for you , head to the capital of Thailand , where a 52-foot-high Greeting Ball Tower signals the arrival of midnight . Outside of the giant CentralWorld shopping mall , about 500,000 revelers join hands to count down to the New Year . Earlier in the evening , events include seven concert performances by Thai stars . Grab a glass of Chang beer from an outdoor garden for about $ 1.50 . BudgetTravel.com : See slideshow of New Year 's hot spots Details : handsbangkokcountdown.com or tourismthailand.org . Hot tip : Catch traditional Thai dance and folk music on the city 's historic parade ground , Sanam Luang . At midnight , fireworks explode over the banks of the Chao Phraya River . Berlin : The best and the wurst Despite temperatures of around the freezing point , Berliners host an open-air New Year 's Eve bash , and the city claims that it is the largest such party in the world . Roughly one million merrymakers pack the nearly mile-and-a-quarter-long stretch between the Victory Column and the Brandenburg Gate . Colorful lasers illuminate the sky while music -- mostly pop and dance -- blares from giant speakers . Elsewhere in town , Germans are as law-abiding on Silvester  New Year 's Eve  as always , lighting their private fireworks in designated spaces under police watch . But they also cut loose with practical jokes , such as filling homemade doughnuts with mustard instead of the usual jelly . Details : silvester-berlin . de . Hot tip : If you need a breather , duck into one of the scattered party tents . Rest on free heated benches and munch on specialty sausages , such as bratwurst for around $ 3 . Or else head to Unter den Linden Boulevard , which presents a clearer , less claustrophobic view of the fireworks . Cape Town : Where the Second is best A slave 's only day off in 18th-century South Africa was on January 2 , and so it 's on Tweede Nuwe Jaar  Second New Year  that Cape Town parties the hardest . Up to 2,800 minstrels paint their faces white and storm the streets for the Cape Town Minstrel Carnival . Expect crowds of more than 80,000 . Clad in bright colors , participants carry instruments  such as whistles  and umbrellas while parading from Keizersgracht Street past City Hall and into Rose Street . South African wares and local delicacies are hawked along the route , and troupes compete for titles like Best Dressed . Details : capetownminstrels.co.za and tourismcapetown.co.za . Hot tip : Pop into a café along the cobblestone streets of the Bo Kaap residential neighborhood . Watch from indoors as minstrels perform patterned dances past brightly painted houses . Edinburgh : Scottish night lights The Scottish capital toasts every New Year with a four-day festival called Hogmanay  pronounced hog-muh-NAY  . On the Monday before New Years 2009 , a torchlight procession along Princes Street whisks a giant wicker lion to Calton Hill , where it 's torched . Then on New Year 's Eve , indie rockers like Glasvegas blast away in the streets , while more mainstream rockers like Paolo Nutini perform at the Princes Street Gardens . Nearby , there 's a ceilidh , a traditional Scottish party where locals dance gigs and reels to a piper 's beat . Details : edinburghshogmanay.org and visitscotland.com . Hot tip : Practice the traditional Scottish song "  Auld Lang Syne " in advance . Everyone belts it out when the clock strikes 12 . Hong Kong : Reaching for the stars The waterfront promenade Tsim Sha Tsui is a fine vantage point to take in the midnight pyrotechnics above the city 's tallest building , 2 IFC . For an even more memorable view , jump aboard the Shining Star Ferry for a two-hour cruise of Victoria Harbour . It departs from the Tsim Sha Tsui pier ; price has still not been set but will probably be around $ 20 per adult . Details : discoverhongkong.com . Hot tip : A carnival in Sha Tin Park will include roving street performances of music and puppetry . It 's a 15-minute tram ride from downtown  plus a roughly 7-minute walk  . Las Vegas : The glittering Strip Vegas lives up to its rep as a party town on December 31 , with lunatic stunts , a massive light display , and performances by well known entertainers . The Strip hosts the free portion of America 's Party , an extravaganza with a fireworks display launching from various spots . On Fremont Street , folks pay $ 20 a head to see Tribute-Palooza , a set of eight bands that imitate major acts like U2 , Kiss , and Elton John . Details : For Fremont Street , see vegasexperience.com . For the Strip , see visitlasvegas.com . Hot tip : The Las Vegas Monorail runs until 3 a.m. ; a special one-day pass costs $ 12 . New Orleans : Gumbo and pigskin As in years past , New Orleans puts its own twist on New York City 's ball drop . Its spotlit gumbo pot drops from the Jax Brewery at midnight . Its fall prompts a nightlong bar crawl in the historic French Quarter . This year , is the 75th anniversary of the Sugar Bowl , and the football matchup takes place on January 2 . Expect a football theme for most of the weekend 's events . For example , in Jackson Square after the gumbo pot drop , a light-and-sound display will synchronize the fight song of each team playing in the Bowl this year with the appearance of each team 's colors in the sky . Details : neworleansonline.com . Hot tip : Hop the ferry from Canal Street to Algiers Point  friendsoftheferry.org  , where you can get a comparatively peaceful view of fireworks . The free ferry departs every 30 minutes from 6:15 a.m. to 1:15 a.m. on New Year 's Eve . Reykjavík : Fantasy and flames Icelandic law allows a firework free-for-all on New Year 's Eve , making for a raucous night in the capital city . Friends and neighbors sing folk songs at roughly half-a-dozen bonfires scattered across Reykjavík . Note that on this holiday , local bars and clubs open a little after midnight . Details : visitreykjavik.is . Hot tip : Temperatures typically dip to about 23 degrees Fahrenheit . The warmest way to enjoy the celebrations is to take a coach tour . Iceland Excursions ' Gray Line stops at the largest bonfires for $ 71 per adult . A midnight toast of sparkling wine is included , of course . Rio de Janeiro : Beach party The two-and-a-half mile stretch of Copacabana Beach plays host to more than two million partygoers decked out in traditional white . Cariocas  as the locals call themselves  make offerings of red roses and white gladioli to Iemanjá , the goddess of the waters , before an all-night whirlwind of dancing and live concerts . Head to majestic Sugarloaf Mountain for a somewhat quieter vantage point for taking in the fireworks display . Details : rioconventionbureau.com.br . Hot tip : Looking for passion ? Wear a hint of red to send the right message . Sydney : First to cheer Because of its location , Sydney is among the first major cities to greet the new year . The city will synch up its pyrotechnics with colorful lighting effects on the arches of the Sydney Harbour Bridge . Revelers gear up earlier in the day . Waterfront events attract crowds of Sydneysiders in T-shirts and shorts -- plus indigenous people in traditional garb . Between 3 p.m. and 6 p.m. , aircraft will run hourly flyovers above Sydney Harbour Bridge . After 9 p.m. , 55 illuminated ships circuit Sydney Harbour , foreshadowing the barrage of light and sound to come . Details : sydneynewyearseve.com.au ; the site lists dozens of vantage points and other info . Hot tip : Lay down a blanket at North Head at Sydney Harbour National Park , a relatively uncrowded hangout for gazing at the fireworks . Additional reporting by Amy Cassell . Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2008 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved . Note : This story was accurate when it was published . Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip .	80,000 hard partiers jam streets of Cape Town , South Africa on January 2 12 Icelandic bonfires dot Reykjavík and bars open a little AFTER midnight Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , offers all-night whirlwind of beach dancing , live concerts Vegas has Tribute-Palooza : bands imitate U2 , Kiss , Elton John and others
Billionaire U.S. media mogul Oprah Winfrey says she was the victim of racism on a recent trip to Switzerland when a shop assistant refused to show her a handbag because it was "  too expensive . " Winfrey was in Zurich for Tina Turner 's wedding in late July when she left her hotel alone and popped into an upscale handbag shop . She told Entertainment Tonight : "  I was in Zurich the other day at a store whose name I will not mention . I did n't have my eyelashes on , but I was in full Oprah Winfrey gear . I had my little Donna Karan skirt and sandals , but obviously The Oprah Winfrey Show is not shown in Zurich . " "  I go into a store and say to the woman , ` Excuse me , may I see that bag over your head ? ' and she says to me ` No , it 's too expensive . ' " Winfrey says she asked again to see the bag -- a $ 38,000 crocodile skin number by Tom Ford -- and the woman again refused , saying , "  No no no , you do n't want to see that one , you want to see this one , because that one will cost too much and you will not be able to afford that . " Winfrey says she asked a final time to see the bag : "  One more time I tried -- I said , ` But I really do just want to see that one , ' and she said , ' I do n't want to to hurt your feelings , ' and I said , ` Ok thank you so much , you 're probably right , I ca n't afford it and walked out of the store . Now why did she do that ? " While Winfrey did not specifically identify the shopping trip as a racist experience , she described the incident when asked about her encounters with racism during an interview . The talk show host is the first and only female African-American billionaire , with an estimated net worth of $ 2.8 billion . She said : "  I could 've had the big blow up thing and thrown down the black card and all that , but why do that ? " Five trailblazer CEOs who reinvented their brand Winfrey chose not to identify the shop , but the name of the high-end boutique -- Trois Pomme -- was soon revealed . The shop 's manager told CNN the entire incident was a "  200 percent misunderstanding " and had nothing to do with racism . "  Mrs. Oprah said she just wanted to look at the bag , she did n't want it taken down , and because my sales assistant felt a little embarrassed about the price , she quickly said that she also had the model in other materials such as ostrich and suede , which were n't so expensive , " explained Trudie Goetz , the manager of Trois Pommes . Calling it a "  normal selling discussion , " Goetz said : "  Mrs. Oprah got the impression she did n't want to sell the bag to her because she wanted to show her other bags . This had nothing whatsoever to do with racism . " "  Who would n't want to sell a bag like that ? Everyone would . My saleswoman just wanted to do her best . She feels very bad because she feels the way it 's being represented is very unfair . " Goetz added that Tina Turner was her "  best friend " and that she , like Oprah , attended the singer 's wedding . Fast Facts : Oprah Winfrey	Oprah Winfrey says Zurich shop assistant refused to show her an expensive handbag Shop manager : "  This was a misunderstanding and had nothing to do with racism " Billionaire talk show host Winfrey was in Zurich for Tina Turner 's wedding She told the story in an interview about racism she has suffered
CNN  -- The sub-zero climes of northern Sweden are an unlikely outpost for the world 's hippest tech firms . Temperatures have been known to plummet to a bone-chilling minus-40 degrees centigrade in the winter months , while the rural landscape is more commonly associated with the sparkling beauty of the northern lights than the humdrum back office of cloud computing . But it 's here , in the tiny sub-Arctic town of Lulea , that Facebook has operated a 30,000 square meter server farm since 2013 -- its first such facility outside the U.S. . So content with the operation is the social media giant that it announced the creation a second data center in Lulea earlier this year . According to Malin Frenning regional head of telecoms firm TeliaSonera the region has plenty to offer big international companies despite its distant location . "  There is a lot of  engineering  competence ... and good cooperation with the technical universities , " Frenning said . On top of that , good transport links ensure its easily accessible by road and by air while solid infrastructure ensures business stability . TeliaSonera is currently laying down Skanova Backbone North , a 1,250-kilometer  776-mile  fiber cable that will serve mobile and communications networks as well as provide the digital infrastructure that data centers in northern Sweden require . "  As far as we understand it this is one of the best places to establish data centers , " Frenning added . The Facebook move has inevitably attracted the attention of other firms with large data storage needs . Lulea will soon host another large data facility for UK-based data-storage specialist firm , Hydro66 , while the nearby town of Boden welcomed Bitcoin mining group KnCMiner earlier this year . Across the border in Finland , Google runs a similar operation in the town of Hamina . And a thousand miles over the Norwegian Sea in Iceland specialist data storage firm Verne Global caters for large firms likes of German car manufacturer BMW . With so many wealthy companies with increased data related needs , storage clearly has the potential to become a highly lucrative business in this part of the world . A report from management firm , Boston Consultancy Group estimated that the Facebook 's presence in Sweden will be worth upwards of 9 billion Swedish Kroner  $ 1.2 billion  and 4,500 direct and indirect jobs over a 10-year period . In September this year , meanwhile , the Financial Times cited a report from Bank of America Merrill Lynch which stated that energy efficiency in the $ 220 billion cloud computing market could become a significant driver of growth . Arctic appeal The attraction of the extreme north for many tech companies is both practical and environmental . Cold temperatures mean the high costs associated with air conditioning units used to keep servers cool can be drastically reduced . An abundance of renewable energy sources , meanwhile , ensures the large amounts of electricity required to power data centers is clean and environmentally friendly . Iceland , for example , currently meets 100 % of its energy needs through geothermal and hydro-electric sources , according to independent energy sector analysts Askja Energy . Northern Sweden is also blessed with a plethora of natural resources : Lulea has produced large amounts of hydro-electricity for well over a century . "  The environmental impact  of data centers in the north of Sweden  is pretty much zero , " said Anne Graf of the Node Pole , a regional trade body designed to attract investment into Lulea , Boden and nearby town Pitea . "  We have about a 50 % surplus from the electricity we produce , " Graf added . For high-profile companies like Facebook -- which was once publicly scolded by Greenpeace for obtaining 53 % of the electricity it uses from coal sources but has since said it wants to go green -- these are highly attractive qualities . Bank of America Merrill Lynch estimate that information and communication technologies are already consuming 10 % of the world 's produced electricity . A report from Greenpeace in April this year , meanwhile , found that if the internet was a country , it would rank in the top six energy consuming nations in the world . On top of this , Greenpeace say demand for electricity that powers internet usage is expected to increase by 60 % or more by 2020 . "  We do n't really think that when we use our iPhone or Blackberry that somewhere there is a computer doing something , " Graf said . "  When I do a Google search , somewhere there is a computer processing that . And that computer needs electricity . It needs ventilation . It needs someone to look after it . " IT greenwash ? But not everyone is convinced that moving data centers to these icy climates is good for business -- or the environment . Yevgeniy Sverdlik of specialist IT publication Data Center Knowledge recognizes the potential environmental and cost benefits but highlights numerous circumstances where storing company data far away from headquarters or operations would n't be practical or cost effective . Big financial institutions require servers close to their core operations as they regularly perform trades where prices can change over a fraction of a second , Sverdlik said . If a signal from a trading desk in London or New York had to travel all the way along a cable to Sweden to confirm a trade , vital milliseconds could be lost . "  For companies like Facebook or even Google that kind of latency difference  the time between a button being pressed and that action occurring  is negligible , " Sverdlik said . The data still moves at an extremely rapid pace . "  But  a financial services company may have a physical location requirement where they want servers to be close to trading engines " because of this . Then there are things like data protection laws that mean certain types of information like medical records or government data must be stored within particular jurisdictions . "  In the post-Snowden world there is mistrust  from people  in having their data held outside of their country , " Sverdlik added . Professor Ian Bitterlin , chair of the Data Centre Specialist Group at the British Computer Society is even more cautious as to the benefits of storage units in these parts of the world . He points out that while cooling can be cheap and use less electricity near the Arctic for now , new server technologies are becoming more efficient and less power intensive . This could eventually mean it becomes equally cost effective to house data centers closer to business hubs and centers . "  They  locations in the likes of Sweden , Finland and Iceland  say they are attractive because they have a lot of spare power that they want to sell . "  They 've lost industries like paper and aluminum and have an excess of power  and  data centers appear to be a very high revenue load . "  Some companies are attracted to the corporate social responsibility thing and want to get Greenpeace off their back . " "  But  most clients wo n't go there because they want to build their data centers where they want their data centers . "	Some companies have begun operating large data centers near the Arctic The area is attractive because of its low electricity prices and high levels of renewable energy Internet related activity accounts for an ever increasing share of the world 's energy usage
CNN  -- You and I got pranked on April Fools ' Day . B. Raymond Buxton got paid . The California man picked up a giant check for $ 425 million Tuesday after turning in the winning ticket for the February 19 Powerball drawing . After choosing the cash option , Burton will actually deposit a $ 242.2 million lump sum  before taxes  in whatever accounts he uses for his funds . The retiree  the news release did n't say whether he was already retired or retired as of April 1  said he was going to use some of the money to start a charitable foundation for "  pediatric health , child hunger and education . " He will also travel , he said . Buxton , who bought the ticket in Milpitas , north of San Jose , said he had n't told a soul he had won during the six weeks he took to get his legal and financial team in place . "  Sitting on a ticket of this value was very scary , " he said , according to lottery officials . "  It 's amazing how a little slip of paper can change your life . " Apparently , it did n't change him that much . He showed up at lottery headquarters wearing a Yoda T-shirt with the slogan "  Luck of the Jedi I Have . " New York woman credits fortune cookie for $ 2M lottery prize You won the big one -- now what ? Sudden lottery fortune no panacea	Winner will take home $ 242.2 million before taxes He sports a Yoda T-shirt at lottery headquarters Money will fund travel , charities
Las Vegas  CNN  -- Judging by a preview event at this year 's Consumer Electronics Show , one big gadget trend this year will be sensors that track almost everything in your daily life . There are sensors to track your home , your security systems , your pets , your plants , your weight and , in the case of a new "  smart fork , " even how fast you eat . CES , the world 's biggest electronics trade show , officially opens its doors Tuesday and runs through Friday . But at Sunday 's preview event here , select companies offered the first real peek at what kinds of products we 're likely to see the most over the week . Here are five of the more fun gadgets we spotted . The smart fork that slows you down The HAPIfork from HAPILABS is smarter than your typical eating utensil . In addition to the standard stabbing of meat and ferrying of food from the plate to your mouth , this fork tracks how many bites you take , how fast you take them and the length of your meal . If you are eating too fast , the fork will let you know with a vibration and a blinking light , eventually training you to take your time . Eating more slowly can help people lose weight  there 's more time to feel full  , and also help them digest food better . French engineer Jacques Lepine invented the connected eating implement after his family chided him for eating too quickly . He spent three years searching for the right sensor , eventually settling on one that completes a circuit every time your mouth closes over the end of the fork . Naturally , the HAPIfork comes with a mobile app and webpage for tracking your noshing habits . A HAPIspoon is also in development . The fork will cost $ 99 when it becomes available in April , and the founders are planning a Kickstarter campaign for February . Trends to look for at CES A hub for your connected home There are seemingly no limits to the things in your home , such as temperature and lights , you can track and control remotely with sensors . But there are not many good ways to coordinate all of that data , short of having an app for each and every device . The Iris system from Lowe 's acts as a hub for a connected home . With the one mobile app you can control and check all your household sensors , or you can program Iris to send you text-message alerts when , say , your back door is open . In addition to thermostat and security sensors , Iris will help you monitor carbon monoxide levels , water heaters , pet doors and the moisture levels of your house plants . Lowe 's promises more sensors to come from such third parties as Verizon , Whirlpool and PetSafe . If you doubt the need for a connected home , check out the Iris Care service . It lets you monitor an elderly family member 's home and sends you a text message if anything unusual is detected . There 's also an emergency alert button your relative can wear around his or her neck . Toyota reveals self-driving car Track your lost luggage anywhere Trakdot is like Find My iPhone for your luggage . The small black and orange box is preprogrammed with your phone numbers and dropped into a piece of checked luggage . If you arrive at an airport but your duffel does n't , you can check its location online with the Trakdot app , or get its location sent to you via text message or e-mail . The device transmits the location using a SIM card , so a few special features had to be worked in to make it FAA compliant . The Trakdot automatically goes into sleep mode when it hits 100 knots and wakes up when the plane is at the destination gate . The Trakdot costs $ 50 , plus an annual $ 13 service fee and a one-time $ 9 setup fee . If you 're a frequent flier who has been wronged by incompetent airlines , you may find it a good investment to let you know if your bag is in Frankfurt when it 's supposed to be in Rome . iPhone case is all touch Sure , the front of your iPhone is touch sensitive , but all that other surface area is just boring old metal , right ? Not anymore . The Sensus case from Canopy adds touch features to the sides and back of your iPhone , turning it into one big touchtastic device . When used with compatible apps , the case adds some interesting navigation and scrolling options . It shines most with games , allowing more interactive play without your big fingers blocking the touchscreen . The device will need more dedicated apps to be truly useful , but Canopy has released a few of its own apps to show off its features and potential . There 's a glut of iPhone cases out there , so it 's nice to see a new entry that adds to the smartphone experience instead of just dressing up the phone . The case starts at $ 59 , and the company says it is working on iPad versions . The history of CES celebrity gadgets Smart glasses , but not Google 's The Vuzix M100 smart glasses bring the power and features of a smartphone directly to your eyeballs . The company has been working on a prototype of these specs for a year and is now showing off a working model at CES . Vuzix says it 's close to what the final version will be . The glasses run Android 4.0 and can be used to make calls , watch videos and navigate a computer interface . The device has all the fixings , including GPS , Bluetooth , Wi-Fi and 720p video recording . Vuzix hopes to have the glasses available by this summer for Android and iOS .	Tech companies and gadget startups show new products at the Consumer Electronics Show There was a glut of home and health sensors , but a few products stood out A "  smart fork " tracks how fast you eat to help you lose weight A GPS-based device will track your lost luggage
CNN  -- Maria Sharapova stands on the brink of tennis history after romping into her first French Open final on Thursday . The second seed 's straight-sets win over Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova not only ensured she will reclaim the world No. 1 ranking for the first time in four years , but also gave her the chance to become just the 10th female player to complete a career grand slam . Standing in the Russian 's way of emulating the likes of greats such as Steffi Graf , Martina Navratilova , Billie Jean King , Chris Evert and Serena Williams is the 2012 tournament 's surprise package , Sara Errani . Ranked 23rd in the world , Errani continued her dream run by beating 2010 Roland Garros runner-up and reigning U.S. Open champion Sam Stosur in Thursday 's opening semifinal . It means Italy will be represented for the third year in a row , after Francesca Schiavone lifted her first and only grand slam title on the Paris clay in 2010 and then lost to Li Na 12 months ago . Sharapova reached Saturday 's title match with a ruthless 6-3 6-3 win over Czech fourth seed Kvitova , going some way to erasing memories of her defeat in last year 's Wimbledon final . The 25-year-old last won a grand slam title at the 2008 Australian Open , before serious shoulder injuries forced her into a long rehab . She made the Paris semis for the second time last year , and has already reached one major final this year . Defeat to Victoria Azarenka in Melbourne in January cost her the No. 1 ranking , but on Monday she will rise above the Belorussian no matter what happens in her first career clash with Errani . "  It 's an amazing feeling to be in my first final . I have been in two semifinals but it was always my dream of getting to the final stage , " said Sharapova , who won Wimbledon as a 17-year-old in 2004 and then the U.S. Open in 2006 . "  That 's pretty special . After my shoulder surgery , my ranking was out of the top 100 , but I thought if I could be number one in the world before that then I could do it again . " Errani had lost all five previous meetings with Stosur , but she continued the form that saw her beat world No. 10 Angelique Kerber and former French Open champions Svetlana Kuznetsova and Ana Ivanovic in earlier rounds . "  I did n't think I could do this coming into the tournament . Never . This is just incredible for me , " said Errani , who will become only the third woman from Italy to ever rank in the top 10 after Schiavone and Flavia Pennetta . "  The first round here was difficult , this match was difficult , all the matches have been difficult , and I 'm very happy how I 've played . "  The most important thing for me is I 'm just thinking about playing -- I 'm just playing my game without thinking of what I 'm doing . But I 'm not finished . " Sixth seed Stosur had been seeking to become the first Australian woman since Margaret Court in 1973 to win the tournament . Meanwhile , Mahesh Bhupathi and Sania Mirza won their second grand slam mixed doubles title together after beating Mexico 's Santiago Gonzalez and Poland 's Klaudia Jans-Ignacik 7-6  7-3  6-1 in the final . The Indian duo also won the Australian Open in 2009 , while the 38-year-old Bhupathi is one of the most successful doubles players ever with 12 titles overall .	Maria Sharapova beats Petra Kvitova to reach French Open final for first time Russian will rise to world No. 1 in the new rankings issued next week She will be trying to complete a collection of all four grand slam titles Sara Errani beats Sam Stosur to give Italy third successive final appearance
CNN  -- Five more states reported widespread flu activity during the second week of January , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , bringing the total to 40 states . Only 10 states are not yet reporting widespread activity : Alabama , Arizona , Florida , Hawaii , Iowa , Massachusetts , Mississippi , New Hampshire , South Carolina and Vermont . "  Widespread " means that more than 50 % of geographic regions in a state -- counties , for example -- are reporting flu activity . The designation addresses the spread of the flu , not its severity . However , the number of states experiencing a high proportion of outpatient visits to health care providers for flulike illnesses is 14 -- Alabama , Arkansas , Idaho , Kansas , Louisiana , Mississippi , Missouri , Nevada , New Mexico , Oklahoma , Oregon , Tennessee , Texas , and Virginia -- down from 20 in the previous week . Ten children died from complications of the flu last week , bringing the pediatric death total for the season to 20 . The CDC does not have data on the number of adult flu deaths . Experts estimate the number of flu-related deaths range from as low as 3,000 to as high as 49,000 people each year . Typically , the flu season begins in the winter months and peaks in January or February , according to the CDC . But it 's way too early to know if flu has peaked yet this year . "  As typical of a flu season , some areas are being harder hit than other areas , " said CDC spokesman Tom Skinner . H5N1 kills first person in North America One of those areas is California . Dr. Gil Chavez , deputy director for California 's Center for Infectious Diseases , said 45 people under the age of 65 have died during the 2013-2014 flu season , which began in September . This includes two deaths in children . "  An additional 50 deaths are currently being investigated and are likely to be confirmed next week , " Chavez said . He said that a year ago , only five deaths had been reported at this time ; there were only 106 flu deaths during the entire 2012-2013 flu season . "  H1N1 is the predominant virus circulating , and we do know when H1N1 predominates , there appears to be more fatalities , " Chavez said . "  We seem to have a predominance of a more deadly strain . " H1N1 is the same virus that caused a pandemic in 2009 , Dr. Michael Jhung , a medical officer in the CDC 's flu division , has said . It was dubbed swine flu because it was being seen for the first time in humans . Since then , "  it 's established itself very nicely in the human population , " Jhung said . H1N1 has been seen every season since 2009 in people and is no longer referred to as swine flu . The strain is so common that it was included in this year 's vaccination , he said . Adult flu deaths are not required to be reported to the CDC , but the government agency must be notified of any flu deaths in children . However , after H1N1 first surfaced , California health officials determined this was not enough . Chavez said the lesson learned then was that "  we needed a better way to determine the impact -LSB- of flu -RSB- on the community . So we in California made the decision to make deaths due to influenza in individuals under 65 mandatory to report . " What consumers need to know is that it 's not too late to take steps to protect yourself from getting the flu , said Dr. Susan Rehm , medical director for the National Foundation for Infectious Diseases . "  People who are young and healthy should be aware that they may get the flu and it could be serious , " Rehm said . One of the reasons people often say they do n't get the flu vaccine is because they do n't get sick . That excuse does n't hold up , she said . In addition to getting the vaccine , which can prevent flu -- or at least lessen symptoms , washing your hands frequently and staying home when you 're sick can help you get through the flu season . Doctors recommend using antivirals within the first two days of experiencing any flulike symptoms . Does cold weather cause colds ? CNN 's Ashley Hayes contributed to this story .	40 states reported widespread flu activity during the second week of January H1N1 is the predominant virus circulating , which is a deadlier strain It 's not too late to take steps to protect yourself from getting the flu , says Dr. Susan Rehm
CNN  -- President Barack Obama spared few from his zingers at Saturday 's White House Correspondents ' Dinner -- including himself . He stepped to the podium as DJ Khaled 's "  All I Do Is Win " played as an introduction and told the audience , "  Rush Limbaugh warned you about this -- second term , baby . " His advisers were "  a little worried about the new rap entrance music , " and suggested that he kick off his speech with jokes at his own expense to "  take himself down a peg . " But , the president responded , "  after 4Â 1/2 years , how many pegs are there left ? " Obama went for it anyway , joking about his appearance -- "  These days I look in the mirror and I got ta admit : I 'm not the strapping young Muslim socialist that I used to be , " he said -- and his recent "  rookie mistakes , " one of which being his remark about California Attorney General Kamala Harris . At a fundraiser for the Democratic National Committee in California , Obama called Harris the country 's "  best-looking attorney general . " "  As you can imagine , I got in trouble when I got back home , " Obama said . "  Who knew  Attorney General  Eric Holder was so sensitive ? " Then there was his pitiful basketball score at the White House Easter Egg Roll , and the kerfuffle over Jay-Z and BeyoncÃ © 's trip to Cuba . "  Maybe I have lost a step , but some things are beyond my control , " he said . "  For example , this whole controversy about Jay-Z going to Cuba . It 's unbelievable . I got 99 problems , and now Jay-Z 's one . " The second term can take its toll , he went on , quipping that he 's tried taking inspiration from his wife , Michelle -- but bangs do n't really work on the commander-in-chief , as photos displayed on the screen proved . He 's also been advised to take a page from Michael Douglas ' performance in 1995 's "  The American President . " Obama asked Douglas , who was in the audience , "  What 's your secret ? Could it be that you were an actor in an Aaron Sorkin liberal fantasy ? Might that have something to do with it ? I do n't know . " While he was airing out his frustrations , the president acknowledged the political bickering in Congress . "  It 's simple : we need to make progress on some important issues , " he said . "  Take the sequester : Republicans fell in love with this thing . And now they ca n't stop talking about how much they hate it -- it 's like we 're trapped in a Taylor Swift album . " The press was also included in his standup routine . The History Channel , whose depiction of Satan in its TV miniseries "  The Bible " left viewers claiming that it resembled the president , was n't in attendance , likely because of that incident , Obama said . "  Of course , that never kept Fox News from showing up -- they actually thought the comparison was not fair to Satan , " he joked . To CNN , he said he admired the "  commitment to cover all sides of the story , just in case one of them happens to be accurate , " while he commended the "  nice change of pace " at MSNBC . The network now has his former political adviser David Axelrod working for them , whereas "  MSNBC used to work for David Axelrod . " Although he kept the audience laughing , the president made sure to address the tragedies that have happened over the past few weeks . "  These have been some hard days for too many of our citizens , " he said , closing out his speech . "  As we gather here tonight , our thoughts are not far from the people of Boston , the people of West , Texas , and the families in the Midwest who are coping with some terrible floods . So we 've had some difficult days . " Yet through the efforts of first and all those who helped those during their time of need , "  even when the days seem darkest , we have seen humanity shine at its brightest . " As the invited guests arrived at Saturday 's dinner , they were curious about the tone Obama would strike in light of the headlines . But with TBS ' late-night talk show host Conan O'Brien tasked with leading the night 's ceremony , at least a little comedy was a certainty . The "  Conan " comedian said when his role was announced in February that guests could expect "  two  minutes of jokes , then 40 minutes on public employee pension reform . " O'Brien first hosted the Correspondents ' Dinner in 1995 . Obama , who attended the gala for the fifth time Saturday , has also become a pro at landing some of the night 's biggest punchlines . The president quipped at last year 's dinner , which was hosted by ABC 's Jimmy Kimmel , that his hair had grayed so much since taking office he was just a few years out from looking like Morgan Freeman . The Beltway gala , also known as the "  nerd prom , " sees Washington 's newsmakers stroll a red carpet that 's also filled with press and stars from across entertainment . Attendees included fashion influencers like Vogue editor-in-chief Anna Wintour , and sports stars like Olympic champ Gabrielle Douglas and Louisville sophomore Kevin Ware , who suffered a horrific leg break during an NCAA tournament game last month . There were also enough famous faces to have the night mistaken for an awards ceremony . Kerry Washington , Rebel Wilson , Katy Perry , Sofia Vergara , John Legend , Elizabeth Banks , Psy , Michael J. Fox and Matthew Perry were all in attendance . With the president being a professed fan of Showtime 's "  Homeland , " perhaps it was n't surprising to see stars Claire Danes and Morena Baccarin there as well . Some of the night 's best lines actually came from Kevin Spacey , who participated in a comedic video billed as "  secret footage " showing how the Correspondents ' Dinner comes together . Spacey , as his "  House of Cards " character , Majority Whip Frank Underwood , wheeled and dealed with both press and politicians . "  Washington and Hollywood : Some new faces , some old faces , and some new faces on old faces . And I do sympathize , Conan , and not just for that backstabbing Leno , but having to host . It must be so hard to write jokes about a town that already is one , " Spacey said in the spoof . "  Democrats , Republicans , the White House , Congress -- you all came together to make this spoof . That 's what real bipartisanship looks like . I may lie , cheat and intimidate to get what I want , but at least I get the job done . So I hope some of you were taking notes . " O'Brien 's routine was well-received , as he closed the night by riffing on the "  nerd prom " theme , pointing out how much the event resembled a high school cafeteria . With so many stars there on shows that draw their drama from the Beltway , O'Brien did an imaginary casting for a "  major TV miniseries about the power players in Washington . " Vice President Joe Biden would be played by Bob Barker , while Speaker of the House John Boehner would be played by "  tan mom . " When O'Brien focused his humor on the president , he nailed him on his jobs strategy : "  As you all know , the president is hard at work creating jobs . Since he was first elected , the number of popes has doubled . The number of ` Tonight Show ' hosts has tripled . " But the comedian also took a moment for reflection as he brought up the Boston Marathon bombing , thanking the president "  for visiting that great city and helping those people begin to heal . " The dinner , which raises money for journalism scholarships , was first established in 1920 with the intent to increase communication between the president and the press . It was a men-only event until 1962 , when President John F. Kennedy said he would n't attend unless women were invited as well .	NEW : President riffs on news networks , Jay-Z , hairdo NEW : Obama shifts to somber note in talking about tragedies in Boston , Texas NEW : Conan O'Brien comes up with dream D.C. movie cast NEW : Kevin Spacey speaks as "  House of Cards " character
Lima , Peru  CNN  -- More than 100 people were injured when a strong earthquake shook coastal Peru early Monday , civil defense officials said . The magnitude 6.3 quake hit about 15 kilometers  9 miles  southeast of Ica , at a depth of 39.2 kilometers  24.4 miles  , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . Civil defense officials reported that 119 people were injured and 40 homes were either damaged or destroyed . Power was temporarily down in parts of Ica , they said . State-run TV Peru reported that police were patrolling the area while officials assessed damages . A 6.9-magnitude earthquake struck the same region in October , leveling dozens of buildings and leaving some homeless . In 2007 , an 8.0-magnitude quake struck southwestern Peru , killing more than 500 people and injuring more than 1,000 . The most serious damage from that quake occurred in towns and cities along the country 's Pacific coast south of Lima , including Chincha , Canete , Pisco and Ica . CNN 's Esprit Smith and Ed Payne contributed to this report .	NEW : 119 people are injured , civil defense officials say NEW : 40 homes are reported destroyed or damaged The quake strikes some 9 miles southeast of Ica
CNN  -- North Korea 's newly launched satellite marks a "  big deal " for Pyongyang , the crossing of a major threshold and a public relations win for the secretive country 's new leader , Kim Jong Un , experts say . The success , after years of failed attempts , triggered worries among world leaders about nuclear weapons , Iran and the balance of power in the Pacific . U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta called the launch "  clear provocation . " Experts do not believe North Korea has a nuclear warhead small enough to fly on the kind of missile that Pyongyang has now proved it can send long-distance . And the United States believes the North Koreans may not have full control of the satellite they launched into space Wednesday , according to one U.S. official who declined to be identified due to the sensitive nature of the information . But the launch allowed the regime to flex its military and technological muscle on the world stage . Panetta told CNN he is "  very confident " that if North Korea were to launch a missile at the United States , the U.S. military could guard against it . North Korea silences doubters , raises fears with rocket launch "  Obviously the hope is that we never have to face that kind of threat , " Panetta said . A central reason the United States is working to "  rebalance the Pacific " is to deal with "  the threat from North Korea , " he added . There is "  a path for North Korea to end its isolation , but that requires abiding by its international obligations , " White House spokesman Jay Carney said Wednesday . " ... It has chosen not to , and therefore , there will be consequences for that . " Washington is leading the global response , threatening to impose sanctions on Pyongyang like those that have helped devastate Iran 's economy . Those efforts were under way Wednesday in Security Council meetings at U.N. headquarters in New York "  Members of the Security Council condemned this launch , " the council said in a statement , calling it "  a clear violation " of previous resolutions -- including one in April that demanded North Korea halt any launches using ballistic missile technology . Success raises stakes for U.S. missile defense system The council considers the issue urgent , the statement said . Susan Rice , U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , called the statement one of the swiftest and strongest she had seen the council make about North Korea . "  Now we go into the second phase " of discussions , she said : negotiations about what to do . China and Russia , North Korean allies and two of the council 's permanent members , could exercise their veto power . The United States and other nations may impose unilateral measures , senior administration officials warned . But Pyongyang has ignored such threats before . New U.N. sanctions are unlikely , but the council might step up pressure on North Korea in other ways , said George Lopez , a professor with the University of Notre Dame 's Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies , who last year served on a U.N. panel of experts monitoring sanctions already in place against North Korea . The council 's sanctions committee could add more North Korean entities to the sanctions list , he said . It could also do more to enforce sanctions already in place , for example by increasing inspections of cargo leaving North Korea to ensure no weapons technology is being shipped out . North Korea may not have ` full control ' of satellite , U.S. official says What the launch means Wednesday 's success was a breakthrough for the reclusive , nuclear-equipped state . North Korea "  could sell this technology to others , including Iran and Pakistan , who have been regular customers of North Korea 's other missiles , " warns Victor Cha , who analyzes the region for the Center for Strategic and International Studies . "  They still have other technological thresholds to cross  miniaturized warheads , reentry vehicle  , but this was undeniably a major one . " The rocket blasted off from a space center on the country 's west coast and delivered a satellite into its intended orbit , the North Korean regime said . The launch followed a botched attempt in April and came just days after Pyongyang suggested that a planned launch could be delayed . China reaction key as neighbors decry North Korea rocket launch North Korea 's previous claims of successful launches have been dismissed by the United States and other countries . But this time , a U.S. official confirmed that the object is in orbit . U.S. officials were looking into whether it is an operating satellite , the official said . The regime 's state-run Korean Central News Agency said the satellite , named Kwangmyongsong-3 , was "  fitted with survey and communications devices essential for the observation of the earth . " The satellite itself is probably not very sophisticated , said David Wright , a senior scientist with the Union of Concerned Scientists . The regime showed it in April , and it was a small box with solar panels and a simple camera with some basic communication devices , he said . Opinion : Name and shame China over North Korea launch He compared it to Sputnik 1 , the first man-made satellite that Russia launched into space in 1957 . The value lies in the launch rather than in the object that North Korea now has floating above the Earth , Wright said . The regime does n't "  really care so much what 's in it . " It 's a statement , Wright said . In Japan and South Korea , people will hear about North Korea 's achievement -- and will probably be struck by its power , he said . Any show of might can help strengthen North Korea 's position in international talks on numerous issues , including nuclear negotiations . The South Korean government said the launch was confrontational and a "  threat to the peace and stability of the Korean Peninsula and the world . " Japan called it "  intolerable . " The cost of launching a rocket Iran praises the launch as much of the world assails it Iran , meanwhile , praised North Korea 's move . Gen. Masoud Jazaeri , a senior Iranian military official , expressed happiness about the launch , the semiofficial Fars News Agency reported . "  Experience has shown that independent countries , by self-confidence and perseverance , can quickly reach the height of self-sufficiency in science and technology . Hegemonic powers , such as the United States , are unable to stop the progress of such countries , " he said . China expressed regret that the launch had taken place , noting "  concerns among the international community . " "  We hope relevant parties stay calm in order to maintain peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula , " said Hong Lei , a Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman . Several governments criticized Pyongyang 's decision to spend hundreds of millions of dollars on its rocket program rather than on assisting its poor , malnourished population . British Foreign Secretary William Hague said he deplored the fact that North Korea "  has chosen to prioritize this launch over improving the livelihood of its people . " The North 's failed launch in April ended a deal for the United States to provide thousands of tons of food aid to the country . In his father 's footsteps "  I think this is very important to Kim Jong Un to build political legitimacy and bolster the spirits of his people , " said James Schoff , a North Korea specialist with the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . "  He is doing this despite the fact that he knows he is going to come into a lot of criticism in the region for it . " The launch has taken place during a period of power consolidation for Kim in which he has purged senior military officers in an apparent effort to stamp his authority on the regime 's leadership . "  If Kim Jong Un pulls off a successful long-range missile test , it 's a very important signal saying that ` Yes , I , Kim Jong Un , have replaced the powerful generals , ' " said John Park , a Stanton junior faculty fellow at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . "  It shows that ' I have found the right balance and I am now in charge . ' " Opinion : One small step for Kim Jong Un The launch also ties in with important dates for the regime 's ruling dynasty . Pyongyang had said this rocket launch would be "  true to the behests " of Kim Jong Il , the late North Korean leader and father of Kim Jong Un . Kim Jong Il died on December 17 last year , so the rocket launch took place just days before tearful mourners are expected to gather for the first anniversary of his death . Experts had also speculated that North Korea wanted this launch to happen before the end of 2012 , the year that marks the centenary of the birth of Kim Il Sung , the founder of North Korea and grandfather of Kim Jong Un . Another factor may also be at play : The launch took place ahead of national elections in Japan on Sunday and in South Korea on December 19 . North Korea is a crucial foreign policy issue in both of those countries . The rocket took off Wednesday morning and flew south over Japan 's Okinawa islands . There were conflicting reports about how many parts fell into the sea . Read more : What does North Korea 's planned rocket launch mean ? A launch had seemed unlikely to take place so soon after North Korea announced Monday that it was extending the rocket 's launch window into late December , citing technical issues with an engine . Previous attempts by the North in 1998 , 2006 , 2009 and April of this year failed to achieve their stated goal of putting a satellite into orbit and provoked international condemnation . The rockets launched in 1998 and 2009 flew for hundreds of kilometers but did n't succeed in deploying satellites , other countries and experts said at the time . North Korea nonetheless insisted that both satellites did reach orbit , with KCNA reporting that they were transmitting "  immortal revolutionary " songs back to Earth . The 2006 launch failed soon after takeoff and was n't reported by state media . In April , the North Korean regime invited members of the international news media , including CNN , into the country to observe the preparations for its planned launch . But the strategy backfired when the rocket broke apart shortly after blasting off . On that occasion , state media took the unusual step of admitting the launch 's failure . Timeline : North Korea 's rocket-fueled obsession CNN 's Elise Labott , Jethro Mullen , K.J. Kwon , Paula Hancocks , Paul Armstrong , Erin Burnett , Junko Ogura , Barbara Starr , Jamie Crawford , Chris Lawrence and Jessica Yellin , and journalist Connie Young in Beijing , contributed to this report .	White House warns "  there will be consequences " New sanctions are unlikely , an analyst who served on a U.N. panel says Iran says it is happy for North Korea ; China expresses regret about the launch Panetta cites "  threat from North Korea , " calls the launch "  clear provocation "
CNN  -- The U.S Army has granted a member of a religious minority permission to keep his turban , beard and uncut hair while he serves in the military , the Pentagon and a group representing him said . Capt. Kamaljit Singh Kalsi , a doctor , is a Sikh , a faith that calls on its adherents not to shave or cut their hair . Kalsi filed a request in the spring for an accommodation to follow the principles of his religion . This month the Army granted his request , the Sikh Coalition told CNN . The Pentagon public affairs office later confirmed that Kalsi would be allowed to keep his turban , beard and uncut hair . The civil rights group hailed the move as "  a major step toward ending a 23-year-old policy that excludes Sikhs from service . " Kalsi said he was "  overjoyed . " "  Like the many Sikhs who fought before me , I know I will serve America with honor and excellence , " he said in a written statement . But the Sikh Coalition provided what it said was a copy of the letter from the Army . Maj. Gen. Gina Farrisee said in the letter that Kalsi 's "  beard , uncut hair , and turban will be neat and well maintained at all times . " She said her ruling applies only to Kalsi 's case , and is not a change of Army policy . "  This accommodation is based solely on the facts and circumstances of your case , " the letter said . "  This accommodation does not constitute a blanket accommodation for any other individual . " She said the exception could be revoked "  due to changed conditions . " Her letter was dated October 22 and released by the Sikh Coalition the next day . Kalsi is not the only Sikh asking permission to keep his hair , beard and turban while serving in the Army . Capt. Tejdeep Singh Rattan , a dentist , applied at the same time as Kalsi . His case has been deferred until he receives the results of his dental board examinations , the Sikh Coalition told CNN . Both were scheduled to report for active duty in July . The Sikh Coalition said Kalsi and Rattan had been assured when they were recruited to join the Army 's Health Professions Scholarship that their unshorn hair and turbans "  would not be a problem . " "  Both are concluding their training and are slated to begin active duty in July 2009 . However , the U.S. Army is now disputing their ability to serve with their Sikh identity intact , " the Sikh Coalition said in an April 14 letter addressed to Defense Secretary Robert Gates . "  It does n't make sense to me , especially in these hard times , " Kalsi told CNN at the time . "  The military is hurting for professionals . They need doctors , they need nurses . " Amardeep Singh , the head of the Sikh Coalition , told CNN in the spring that the issue affects observant Sikhs , not those Sikh-Americans who entered the military after removing their turbans and shaving their beards and hair . The issue is important for the roughly 500,000-strong American Sikh community , Singh said . Sikhs faced hostility after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks , when people associated them with al Qaeda terrorists because their turbans and beards resembled the militants ' appearance . The Sikh religion was founded in India . "  The perception is still there , " Singh said . "  We 're sort of still feeling it . " He said surveys chronicle the problems Sikhs face . Among them is one conducted in the Queens borough of New York City recently in which children reported being on the receiving end of verbal and physical abuse , he said . "  These kids are being harassed in New York . It 's Queens , the most diverse county in the United States . If this is happening in Queens , it 's happening in other parts of the country . " So , he said , the opportunity to serve in the U.S. Army sends the opposite message -- "  that we are part and parcel of the fabric of this country . " CNN 's Joe Sterling in Atlanta , Georgia , contributed to this report .	Capt. Kamaljit Singh Kalsi is a doctor in the U.S. Army , practicing Sikh Army has granted his request for an accommodation to follow the principles of his religion Sikh Coalition has letter saying ruling applies only to Kalsi 's , not a change of Army policy
CNN  -- As the world continues to hope for a cease-fire between Israel and militants in Gaza following days of deadly violence , one Israeli decided to take matters to social media . Ido Simyoni , a television producer from Israel , decided to start a project asking people to post images on photo-sharing service Instagram and tag them #stoptheterror . The result ? More than 5,000 photos as of Monday from as far afield as Portugal and South Korea , he said . "  Terror is everywhere and it does n't matter if you are from Tel Aviv or NYC , you can get attacked , " he added . While he started the project with his own country in mind , he says it could apply to any nation . "  I come with peace to this project hoping to increase the awareness of how it is important to defeat terror everywhere , " he said . . If you 're having trouble viewing this story , please visit the Storify page . You can also post your thoughts and experiences of the conflict in Gaza and Israel to iReport or post your reactions to this story in the comments field below . Please be safe as you share your story .	What do you think ? Share your thoughts in the comments area below Tag your images #cnnireport if you 'd like us to take a look at them Tell us about your thoughts and experiences of the conflict on CNN iReport , but please be safe
CNN  -- Over the course of five days , the Greek government -- led by the understated conservative Prime Minister Antonis Samaras -- overcame two high hurdles in a dash to qualify for the austerity program set out by the so-called troika , made up of the European Central Bank , the International Monetary Fund and the European Commission . The first hurdle was the parliamentary vote last week , when the austerity measures were passed by just 153 votes out of 300 . The second important vote took place in the wee hours of Sunday night in Athens , this time with a comfortable margin of victory as 167 of 300 lawmakers voted for , in essence , more austerity . But in the spirit of a Greek tragedy , much political blood has been spilt along the way . Those who voted against the measures were tossed out of the coalition parties , while members of the Democratic Left abstained due to the labor reforms that were built into the overall plan . This has been a very messy process , with the troika leaning on the relatively new government to deliver what Greece had promised before the current administration came to power following the elections last June . In large part , the restructuring is now there and Greece is telling the troika : "  Show me the money . " The implicit agreement on the table : Greece delivers another $ 17 billion in cuts over two years from labor reforms and tops that off with a new 2013 budget . The troika then puts up the final instalment of $ 40 billion to avoid defaulting on bonds which start coming due November 16 . But all of a sudden , there seems to be disagreement in the ranks and backlash from some eurozone member countries not happy with the measures . As one Greek CEO messaged me last night after our coverage of the vote : "  We kept our side of the bargain ; we need to see delivery from the other side too . " The budget for 2013 makes for painful reading . A projected contraction of 4.5 % next year and a record sixth year of recession , with the economy shrinking more than 30 % in that time frame . Public debt to GDP is due to increase to 189 % , having risen more than 50 % since this whole crisis started . Unemployment last week hit a record 25.4 % with youth unemployment leaping to 58 % . Another Greek executive I spoke with last night after the vote said the population has entered a new phase of acceptance . State workers have taken salary and pension cuts ranging from 15 % to 40 % , taxes on electric bills have soared , the retirement age has been bumped up to 67 years from 65 years . Finally , the real shrinking of the state sector is taking place . The state payroll will fall by 125,000 between 2012 and 2016 through attrition and real layoffs . Some of the special pay packages for certain ministries , such as the Ministry of Finance , have been eliminated and salaries have been capped . Some 40 senior employees at the Bank of Greece , the central bank , walked off the job for good in protest of the 5,000 euro salary cap . Change was a long time coming , but it has happened . This is a critical time . Some 70,000 workers took to the streets in central Greece last week for one last fight of resistance against the austerity . Samaras said it was a vote "  for " or "  against " the isolation of Greece . He was suggesting that Greeks will soon see the flickering light at the end of the tunnel , with the full backing of German Chancellor Angela Merkel after her recent , high profile public show of support in Athens . Political statements may be offered by the members of the eurozone this week , something the Greek technocratic Finance Minister Yiannis Stournaras promised . One thing is abundantly clear at this stage . For the state workers who have taken salary hits and for the one million private sector workers who have lost their jobs due to economic depression : The cash lifeline needs to be delivered .	The Greek government has overcome two hurdles to qualify for the troika 's austerity program But in the spirit of a Greek tragedy , much political blood has been spilt along the way The budget for 2013 makes for painful reading , including a contraction of 4.5 % next year But one thing is abundantly clear for Greece : The cash lifeline needs to be delivered
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- There have been conflicting accounts of how former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto died Thursday . Here is a timeline of the accounts reported by CNN . Late Thursday , Pakistan time : • Pakistani police say that a suicide bomber killed 14 people at a rally in Rawalpindi organized by Bhutto supporters . A Bhutto spokesman says the opposition leader was rushed away from the scene and was safe . Former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto arrives at a campaign rally Thursday in Rawalpindi , Pakistan . • Pakistan 's Geo Television Network , quoting Bhutto 's husband , Asif Ali Zardari , reports the ex-premier was critically wounded in the bombing . • Former Pakistani government spokesman Tariq Azim Khan says Bhutto was hurt leaving the rally , but there is no indication whether she was shot or hurt in the bombing . Reports from police and the Bhutto camp conflict over whether she was injured . • Geo TV quotes Zardari saying his wife suffered a bullet wound to the neck after the suicide bombing . • Khan and Pakistan 's primary television networks report Bhutto is dead . Television reports indicate she died of bullet wounds suffered after the suicide bombing . • Khan says it appears Bhutto was shot , but he adds it 's unclear whether bullets or shrapnel caused her wounds . • Doctors and a spokesman for Bhutto 's Pakistan People 's Party confirm the ex-premier 's death , but it remains unclear how she was killed . • Police tell CNN that a suicide bomber riding a motorcycle detonated himself near Bhutto 's motorcade . She was rushed to nearby Rawalpindi General Hospital , where doctors pronounced her dead . Khan says it 's unclear if a bullet or shrapnel dealt the fatal wounds . Friday morning , Pakistan time : • The Pakistani Interior Ministry tells the state-run Associated Press of Pakistan that Bhutto died of a gunshot wound to the neck . The suicide bomber fired shots before blowing himself up , the ministry tells the news agency . A photographer for Getty Images confirms hearing three shots before the blast . • CNN quotes a witness who describes Bhutto 's killer as a "  thin young man jumping toward the vehicle and opening fire . " Friday evening , Pakistan time : • The Interior Ministry tells the Associated Press of Pakistan that flying shrapnel from a suicide bomb killed Bhutto . The bomber also shot at her with a pistol , the ministry tells the state-run news agency , but Bhutto suffered no injuries from bullets . • Interior Ministry spokesman Brig. Gen. Javed Iqbal Cheema , citing a medical report , says Bhutto was hit on the right side of her skull with shrapnel . • Another Associated Press of Pakistan report quotes Dr. Mussadiq Khan saying that Bhutto showed "  no signs of life " on her arrival at Rawalpindi General Hospital and that she was pronounced dead about 40 minutes later . • Cheema says Bhutto died after fracturing her skull on a sunroof lever in her vehicle . Contrary to previous reports , she did not die from bullet or shrapnel wounds and nothing entered her head , the Interior Ministry spokesman said . • Cheema says that Bhutto "  fell down or perhaps ducked " when gunshots rang out . She apparently hit her head on a lever , Cheema said , adding that it was stained with blood . • Khan , the doctor who treated Bhutto before she was declared dead , says the former prime minister had a "  big wound " on the side of her head "  that usually occurs when something big , with a lot of speed , hits that area . " E-mail to a friend	Pakistani government now says Bhutto died after hitting head on sunroof lever Reports early Friday said Bhutto died from a gunshot wound to the neck Reports later Friday said flying shrapnel from a suicide bomb killed Bhutto
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The countdown to the release of a Michael Jackson posthumous album began Monday with the debut of a song Jackson recorded 15 years ago . "  Chicago , " which is also known as "  She Was Lovin ' Me , " was a track that did n't make the cut on Jackson 's 2001 "  Invincible " album , but a version updated by producer Timbaland will be on "  Xscape , " an album to be released next week on Sony 's Epic label . "  Jackson had a habit of over-recording for albums ; often times this meant outstanding songs were left on the cutting room floor , " the album liner notes said . Jackson recorded "  Chicago " at The Hit Factory in New York City after songwriter Cory Rooney sent him a scratch demo in 1999 , when Jackson was working on his "  Invincible " album . Jackson "  fell in love with it " the first time he heard the demo , according to the liner notes . "  Jackson sings in his lower register in the verses over an ominous beat , slowly painting a story of an illicit affair , before unleashing a torrent of pain and regret in the chorus , " the album liner notes said about the tune . Fans can hear the full song only on Sony 's Music Unlimited streaming service until the official release of all eight tracks on May 13 . "  Chicago " is the first of five songs to be previewed this week , with another single added at each midnight . Another track -- "  Love Never Felt So Good " -- was released for online downloading after it premiered on the iHeart Radio Awards telecast last week . After Jackson died at age 50 in 2009 , while preparing for his "  This Is It " comeback tour , his estate executors signed a long-term deal with Sony to posthumously release music from the large archives of his recordings . Epic was Jackson 's record label for three decades . Epic Chairman L.A. Reid "  was granted unlimited access to the treasures representing four decades of material on which Jackson had completed his vocals , " the label said . The new album draws from tracks Jackson worked on from 1983 through 1999 . Reid chose several producers with the "  gravitas , depth and range to creatively engage with Jackson 's work " to update the recordings for release , Epic said . Timbaland is the lead producer of the album , with contributions from Jerome "  J-Roc " Harmon , Rodney Jerkins , Stargate and Jackson estate executor John McClain . Each song was "  contemporized " to make it sound like a current production , but Jackson fans who want to hear the original recordings can purchase a deluxe edition .	Michael Jackson recorded "  Chicago " at New York 's Hit Factory in 1999 "  Jackson had a habit of over-recording for albums , " leaving outstanding songs unheard , Epic says Sony 's Music Unlimited streaming service is previewing a new song each day this week "  Xscape " is set for release May 13
An Associated Press photographer was shot to death on the eve of Afghanistan 's elections in an attack that wounded the news agency 's long-time reporter in the region . Anja Niedringhaus , 48 , a Pulitzer Prize-winning German photographer , died in the shooting on Friday in Afghanistan 's eastern Khost province , the AP said . The attack injured Kathy Gannon , a Canadian reporter based in Islamabad , who was in stable condition and getting medical treatment , according to the AP . Gannon , 60 , has reported on Pakistan and Afghanistan since the 1980s . "  Anja and Kathy together have spent years in Afghanistan covering the conflict and the people there , " said AP executive editor Kathleen Carroll , speaking in New York . "  Anja was a vibrant , dynamic journalist well-loved for her insightful photographs , her warm heart and joy for life . We are heartbroken at her loss . " In a letter to AP staff Friday morning , chief executive Gary Pruitt also praised the courage and skill of Niedringhaus , describing her as "  spirited , intrepid and fearless , with a raucous laugh that we will always remember . " White House comment At the White House , spokesman Josh Earnest said Friday that the thoughts and prayers of President Barack Obama and the first lady went out to the family of Niedringhaus . He praised the efforts of journalists from Afghanistan and around the world who risked their own safety to cover Saturday 's election , the third since the fall of the Taliban in Afghanistan in 2001 . The two women were traveling in their own vehicle in a convoy of election workers delivering ballots in Khost province , protected by the Afghan National Army and Afghan police , according to the AP . A unit commander walked up to their car at one point , yelled "  Allahu akbar " -- "  God is great " -- and opened fire on them in the back seat , the AP said . The attacker then surrendered to the other police present . The reason for the attack was unclear , but police have arrested the suspected shooter and the case was under investigation , said Baryalay Rawan , a spokesman for the Khost provincial governor . Hours later , a bomb exploded in a polling center in the province 's Tanai district , about 15 kilometers  9 miles  from where the attack on the journalists occurred , Rawan said . Two people died in the bombing , including Tanai district 's deputy police chief , and three were injured , he said . The attacks came amid heightened security for the nation 's presidential and provincial elections on Saturday . Afghanistan 's election marks the first democratic handover of power in the fragile country , with current President Hamid Karzai -- who is term-limited by the constitution -- handing over the reins . Karzai was chosen by Afghan leaders to head the country after the fall of the Taliban , and won two subsequent presidential elections in 2004 and 2009 . Taliban disruption The Taliban have vowed to disrupt the elections and punish anyone involved in them . A series of attacks in the capital , Kabul , and elsewhere has marred the run-up to voting . Pakistan 's military said Friday that all border crossing points with Afghanistan were closed for Saturday 's election . Taliban militants in the mountainous border region have launched attacks in Afghanistan . On Wednesday , a suicide bomber blew himself up at the entrance gate to the Interior Ministry in Kabul , killing six Afghan police officers , Interior Ministry spokesman Sediq Sediqqi said . The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack . A day earlier , a provincial council candidate and nine of his supporters were killed by the Taliban in northern Sar-e-Pul province , said the province 's deputy police chief , Sakhidad Haidari . Last month , Sardar Ahmad , one of Afghanistan 's most prominent journalists and a senior reporter for Agence France-Presse , was among nine people killed in an attack on the Serena Hotel in central Kabul . Less than two weeks earlier , Swedish Radio correspondent Nils Horner was shot dead in broad daylight on a Kabul street . In his letter to AP staff , Pruitt said : "  As conflict spreads throughout regions of the world , journalism has become more dangerous . Where once reporters and photographers were seen as the impartial eyes and ears of crucial information , today they are often targets . " The Committee to Protect Journalists highlighted the risks faced by journalists in Afghanistan , particularly women , in a piece published in February . Some fear those risks may increase with the planned withdrawal of NATO combat forces , including U.S. troops , by the end of the year . Changed mission ? The NATO-led International Security Assistance Force had just over 51,000 troops , from 48 different countries , in Afghanistan as of Tuesday . The majority -- about 33,500 -- are from the United States . Karzai has refused to sign an agreement to keep foreign security troops in the country after 2014 . But Gen. Philip Breedlove , NATO 's supreme allied commander Europe , told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour this week that he anticipates international forces will remain in Afghanistan after the currently scheduled withdrawal . "  I think you will see a very large ISAF combat mission changed to a smaller but continued resolute support , train , advise and assist mission at the end of the year , " he said . "  NATO 's mission does n't end  after 2014  ; NATO 's combat mission ends , but our train , advise , assist mission begins , and this is very important to remember . " The three leading presidential candidates -- Abdullah Abdullah , Zalmai Rassoul and Ashraf Ghani -- have told CNN that they are in favor of signing a security agreement . Abdullah , who was a vocal critic of the Taliban during their years in power , was a previous Karzai ally and served in his government as foreign minister . Contenders In later years , he has been a thorn in the side of the outgoing President . He is seen as a relatively liberal candidate and advocate of women 's engagement in public life . Rassoul is seen as the establishment candidate . A Karzai ally , he received the backing of the current President 's brother , Qayum , who withdrew his candidacy and endorsed the former foreign minister . Rassoul has a reputation for honesty , despite his years in an administration plagued with accusations of graft . The third key contender , Ghani , is a former U.S. citizen and academic who gave up his passport to run for the Afghan presidency in 2009 . He is seen as a moderate , with experience in development , but his past links to the United States may lessen his chances if voters consider him an outsider . NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen , speaking Wednesday in Belgium , said the latest briefings from NATO commanders show that despite the Taliban 's threats , overall violence across Afghanistan "  is lower now than at any time during the last two years . " Rasmussen praised the work of Afghan security forces , which have taken over many responsibilities from ISAF , saying they had "  demonstrated commitment , courage and professionalism " during preparations for the elections .	Pakistan military increases border security with Afghanistan for election Photographer Anja Niedringhaus died on the eve of Afghanistan 's election Kathy Gannon , a longtime reporter in the region , was injured The attack on the two women journalists comes on the eve of Afghanistan 's elections
Lyons , Colorado  CNN  -- More people were told to evacuate their homes in northeastern Colorado on Tuesday as residents of the flood-stricken towns north of Denver returned to battered neighborhoods , with some of them finding no house to call home . The small town of Crook , about 150 miles northeast of Denver , ordered residents on the north side of town to clear out as water in a canal rose to "  historic " levels , the Logan County Emergency Management Office reported . Residents on the south side of town had already been ordered out of their homes as firefighters monitored the rising South Platte River , the agency said . Runoff from last week 's floods along the Front Range of the Rocky Mountains is now rushing down the South Platte , which runs from south of Denver into Nebraska . The National Weather Service warned counties in Nebraska would start to see the river overflow its banks by Wednesday . State emergency management officials later Tuesday revised the statewide death toll from eight to six . "  The two missing and presumed dead individuals from Larimer County are now listed under missing numbers to more accurately reflect their status , " officials said . Rescuers were still plucking hundreds of stranded residents from homes cut off by last week 's flooding on Tuesday . Authorities in Boulder County airlifted 215 people to safer ground on Monday , while Larimer County saw 420 people evacuated , according to officials there . However , about 600 people are stranded in isolated areas of Larimer County , and rescue crews continued working to evacuate as many as possible Tuesday , authorities said . The week 's weather outlook looked favorable for crews , and forecasts called for only slight chances of afternoon storm mid-week , officials said . "  At this point the mission is getting folks down off the mountain , getting them down safely , " said Nick Christensen , executive officer of the Larimer County Sheriff 's Office . The air efforts may be the largest such evacuation in the country since Hurricane Katrina in 2005 , the National Guard said . "  I expected to see a lot more frustration with folks , " Larimer County Sheriff Justin Smith told reporters . "  They have been up there since Wednesday or Thursday without an ability to come down , many of them without water and very limited on food overall . " But most were "  in good spirits , " Smith said . "  It was just amazing . It spoke to the spirit of folks that live here . " Authorities continued checking on residences Tuesday for any occupants , Smith said . "  We have significant air resources up , " he added . The numbers of people unaccounted for during the height of the bad weather dropped again Tuesday , with Boulder County reducing its count to 183 and Larimer County dropping its figure to 197 . Most of the people on the unaccounted list are likely alive and well but have failed to check in with authorities to let them know . For many of those who 've returned home , however , the scenes are heartbreaking . In the town of Lyons , about 15 miles north of Boulder , flood waters pushed entire houses around like furniture . "  Today is our first day up here since we 've been evacuated , " Kelly Hunt told CNN . "  And I feel like it 's worse than I thought it would be . We lost absolutely everything we own . " When the thick mud and water moved through the town Thursday , they lifted her house and moved it several feet . Throughout Lyons , the streets are dotted with snapped power poles . Rescue workers and the National Guard members outnumber residents , who were forced to evacuate . The two branches of the St. Vrain Creek bisect this town , and nearly swallowed it whole . Abe Vasquez tried to step through the living room of his 78-year-old mother 's home . His feet slowly sank in the two feet of raw sewage that had pooled there . "  Here 's what 's left , " Vasquez said . "  That 's her walker . That 's the other one . " Stories of grief , generosity and gratitude It took 79 years to build the place , Vasquez said . It took 24 hours for it all to disappear . "  It 's gone , " he said . "  It 's hard . " In nearby Longmont , Jeff Larsen considered himself a little more fortunate . His home is damaged . But at least it 's still standing . "  It 's ruined , " Larsen , who returned to Longmont for the first time since Thursday , told CNN affiliate KUSA . "  Our basement is gone . It stinks so bad in there , you can barely stand it . " When the waters rushed in , his wife , Nina , watched as their SUV was whooshed away . "  We watched it float down the road , " she said . Nearly 18,000 homes around the state have been damaged . "  I think there is still going to be a lot of shock and disbelief , " said Matthew Applebaum , the mayor of Boulder . "  The amount of destruction , the damage to people 's houses , the damage to neighborhoods , the damage to roads , the damage to our much beloved open space -- it 's pretty significant and , as I said , it 's extraordinarily widespread . " How to help Like many , Casey Korbely wants to return home . But pictures from his neighborhood in Boulder County show cars buried in mud , and a huge hole that was once a road . "  The cops and firefighters said it would probably take two to three weeks before they can build a bridge and we can get our vehicles out . " But Korbely is determined to get back -- by hiking . An uphill climb ... fueled by a Colorado spirit that does n't give up . In Boulder , the Schuler family surveyed the incredible damage to their home , inundated by water and mud . They live in the flood plain , but have insurance . "  It totally took all the furniture and moved it from one room to the other , so it was whipping through the house , " Kim Schuler told CNN as he showed the damage . The resident said friends have helped them clean up the muck and prepare for the next step . "  It does give you a perspective on humanity , " Schuler said . "  There 's a lot of nice people that you do n't know that do n't ask for anything of thanks . They just came in , they helped and they left . " More than 6,400 Colorado residents in the disaster have applied for aid from the Federal Emergency Management Agency , and more than $ 430,000 has been approved in individual assistance such as temporary housing and home repairs , FEMA said Tuesday . Opinion : What we learned from Vermont 's epic flood CNN 's Kyung Lah in Lyons , Tory Dunnan in Longmont , Ana Cabrera in Boulder County , George Howell , Dana Garrett , Elwyn Lopez and Shawn Nottingham contributed to this report .	NEW : Death toll statewide revised downward to six About 600 people in Larimer County are stranded , need to be rescued Weather this week will favor rescue crews , with only slight chance for storms In the town of Lyons , flood waters pushed entire houses around like furniture
CNN  A year later , it still sounds impossible : A sophisticated $ 270 million airliner carrying 239 people disappears , leaving very few clues about where it went . But did the tragedy of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 really have to be such a mystery ? Maybe not . Lingering questions -- and the trauma experienced by friends and family of passengers and crew of the Boeing 777-200ER -- all might have been avoided if already proven technology had been put into place . Believe it or not , in our modern world , airplane tracking technology has yet to enter the 21st century . Take GPS for example . Why are n't air traffic controllers using it to constantly track all commercial airliners ? How about communicating with satellites ? Why do n't all airliners stream their so-called black box data to satellites in real time ? The technology is available . Yes , it 's expensive , but so is searching hundreds of thousands of square miles of vast ocean . Let 's break it down . Flight 370 had eight ways to communicate with the ground while in flight : • Five very high frequency and high frequency radios that could transmit and receive voice and data transmissions . • Two transponders that could send identification and altitude data to air traffic control radar screens . • One satellite transceiver that could transmit and receive text messages and phone calls . Despite this technology , the world lost track of the flight with the airline industry codename MH370 . To understand why , you first have to know a little about the technology and the gaps in the system . Throughout most of the world , air traffic controllers still track airplanes with radar -- which uses technology dating back to the 1940s . Radar is reliable , but it is limited . It comes with large gaps in coverage areas . Aircraft flying more than about 200 miles from land over oceans are not tracked by air traffic control radar screens . Radar covers only about 2 % or 3 % of the planet 's surface , experts say . The rest is a virtual aviation no man 's land . If an aircraft 's transponders are turned off , an aircraft can be seen only through so-called primary radar . In these cases , air traffic controllers see only a blip on radar screens . The blip is n't identified and the plane 's altitude is unknown . In a nutshell , here 's the electronic communication from Flight 370 after it left Kuala Lumpur on March 8 , 2014 : • Nearly 30 minutes after takeoff , the plane sends a text via satellite that confirms it 's headed to Beijing , as expected . • Later , the plane sends a final radio call as it transitions between Malaysia air traffic controllers to controllers in Vietnam . But air traffic controllers in Ho Chi Minh City never heard from the crew . • Three minutes after the radio call , the plane 's two transponders mysteriously cease transmitting . • But primary radar operated by the military in Malaysia and Thailand is able to track the 777 for limited periods without its transponder being on . • Later , an orbiting satellite checks in with the plane 's satellite transceiver , kind of like a cell tower pinging a mobile phone . The aircraft responds electronically -- "  shaking hands " with the satellite . This provides evidence that Flight MH370 ended somewhere in the southern Indian Ocean . All of these clues offer us only a few scraps of information that leave investigators with very little to go on . It leads them to an almost inescapable conclusion : Whatever happened on MH370 was likely deliberate , experts say . We might know more if the plane 's transponders had remained active . In the wake of the tragedy , some called for airlines to modify their transponders to prevent anyone from being able to shut them off in flight . But many pilots oppose that idea as a safety issue . They want to be able to turn off any electrical system on board in case of a fire or other in-flight emergency . We might know more about what happened to MH370 if air traffic controllers used orbiting satellites to track airliners , instead of radar . In the United States it 's called the Next Generation Air Transportation System , or NextGen . An aircraft outfitted with this system determines its location using GPS and transmits that data back to controllers by radio -- which has a greater range than radar . The technology is called Automatic Dependent Surveillance Broadcast , or ADS-B . It is the keystone component of NextGen . But still , when an aircraft flies over the ocean , it will be out of range . So the industry is testing a space-based system -- where planes would determine their position via GPS satellites and report those coordinates via communication satellite network wherever they are in the world . There are numerous technical details that need to be worked out , but moving from spinning radar domes to orbiting satellites could eventually make blind spots in airliner tracking a thing of the past . Another emerging technology that might have helped us know more about what happened is called AFIRS , the Automated Flight Information Reporting System , developed by a Canadian company called FLYHT . AFIRS monitors what the flight data recorder , one of the so-called "  black boxes , " is seeing . It starts transmitting key information automatically when it senses trouble or at the command of the flight crew or dispatchers on the ground . Canada 's First Air is among the first airlines to equip its fleet with AFIRS , which costs $ 100,000 per plane . If all airliners were equipped this way , we could know a flight was in trouble even if the crew could not communicate by other means . It could make searching for the black boxes a thing of the past . In the months since MH370 was lost , international aviation authorities have moved toward tracking airliners more closely . The International Air Transport Association has announced new tracking mandates for member airlines , but there are no plans to require streaming data . And this week , Australia 's air traffic control manager , Airservices Australia , announced a test partnership with Malaysia and Indonesia to track long-haul flights over remote ocean routes . They 'll use satellite-based positioning technology to track flights at least every 15 minutes -- improving on the previous tracking rate of every 30 to 45 minutes , Airservices Australia said in a statement . "  The system can be increased to real time monitoring should an abnormal situation arise . " Would any of these improvements in airline communication technology have helped the world learn what happened to Flight 370 ? Possibly . Unfortunately , we may never know for sure . Although technology continues to shrink the planet in terms of communication , the tragedy offers a bitter reminder of how easy it still is to lose an entire airliner full of people .	Modern tracking technology might have helped solve the mystery of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 A year after MH370 vanished , airline tracking is still largely the same Most airliners use ground radar instead of satellites ; tracking over oceans is spotty , at best
The British soldier slain in a gruesome cleaver attack in London was a well-liked infantryman and machine gunner who served in Afghanistan and Cyprus , and then became a military recruiter and ceremonial drummer outside the royal palaces , the military said Thursday . Drummer Lee Rigby , 25 , was part of the Regimental Recruiting Team in London , and as a machine gunner , he was part of the 2nd Battalion of the Royal Regiment of Fusiliers . The Fusiliers , an infantry group , are known for the hackle , or feather plume , in their military headdress . Rigby had a 2-year-old son , Jack , the UK Ministry of Defense said . Witness : Attackers ` were just animals ' Fellow soldiers described him as having an engaging personality . He joined the army in 2006 and acquired the nickname "  Riggers " in his platoon . "  He was a real character within the Second Fusiliers , " Lt. Col. Jim Taylor , commanding officer of the 2nd Fusiliers , said in a statement . "  Larger than life , he was at the heart of our Corps of Drums . An experienced and talented side drummer and machine gunner , he was a true warrior and served with distinction in Afghanistan , Germany and Cyprus . " Rigby also loved soccer 's Manchester United , soldiers said . "  He was one of the Battalion 's great characters , always smiling and always ready to brighten the mood with his fellow Fusiliers , " Warrant Officer Ned Miller of the 2nd Fusiliers said in a statement . "  He was easily identified whilst on parade by the huge smile on his face and how proud he was to be a member of the Drums . He would always stop for a chat just to tell me Manchester United would win the league again . " Rigby was born in Crumpsall , Manchester . After joining the army , his first post was in Cyprus as a machine gunner in Dhekelia , the military said . In 2008 , he was assigned to Hounslow , West London , and became "  an integral member of the Corps of Drums throughout the Battalion 's time on public duties , the highlight of which was being a part of the Household Division 's Beating the Retreat -- a real honour for a line infantry Corps of Drums , " the ministry said . London attack mirrors plot to behead Muslim soldier In 2009 , he deployed on operations "  for the first time , " sent to Afghanistan 's Helmand province , where he was a member of a fire support group at Patrol Base Woqab . He then returned to the UK and completed a second tour of public duties . Later , he followed the battalion to Celle , Germany . In 2011 , he became a recruiter at the Regimental Headquarters in the Tower of London . London attack : Terrorist targeting soldiers at home again ? Rigby "  was a cheeky and humorous man , always there with a joke to brighten the mood ; he was an extremely popular member of the Fire Support Group , " said Capt. Alan Williamson , who was Rigby 's platoon commander from 2010 to 2011 . Rigby 's death attracted worldwide attention because the slaying scene was captured on a cell phone camera .	Drummer Lee "  Riggers " Rigby , 25 , was a machine gunner who became a recruiter "  He was a real character " in the infantry , his commanding officer says As a drummer , he stood outside the Royal Palaces He was also the father of a 2-year-old son , Jack
CNN  -- A rogue militant group formerly allied with al Qaeda kidnapped more than a 150 teenage Kurdish students in Syria and forced them to take Islamic training , a monitoring group and Kurdish officials told CNN on Friday . Radical fighters from the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria  ISIS  are holding the boys ranging in age from 15 to 18 at a Sharia law school in the northern town of Manbij , Nouri Mahmoud , a member of the local Kurdish Democratic Union Party  PYD  in the Syrian city of Kobani , also known as Ayn al-Arab , told CNN . "  They are training them in Islam and prayer , but we are afraid that they are teaching them to carry out operations in Kobani . We are very concerned that they will use the children for their terrorism , " Mahmoud said . The Syrian government refused to set up testing centers in the Kurdish-controlled city of Kobani , forcing nearly 1,500 students to travel to the flashpoint city of Aleppo for year-end exams , the London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . "  These students are from the Kurdish people , which are a part of the Syrian people . All they wanted was their diplomas from school . There was no reason for them to go to Aleppo and risk their lives . " Mahmoud said . Last week , ISIS stopped the buses driving students back from exams to their hometown of Kobani and abducted the boys despite an agreement with the local community to allow the Kurdish students safe passage , Mahmoud said . The People 's Protection Unit  YPG  , a Kurdish militia , rules the city of Kobani , but ISIS controls much of the surrounding area , effectively imposing a siege on residents . "  We do not know their fate and the only solution we have is to appeal to the United Nations and to the international community . They must intervene in this issue , " Mahmoud said . Syria 's scattered and long-oppressed Kurdish community fought and won its local autonomy but distanced itself from the armed rebellion against President Bashar al-Assad . The YPG , which defends and administers the ethnic minority 's strongholds , predominately in the north , often faces armed attacks by anti-government groups vying for resources and control . ISIS is believed to have been involved in the killings of 15 civilians , including seven children , last month in the northeast village of al-Tleiliye , Amnesty International said in a report issued Thursday . "  ISIS wants to break the will of the Kurdish people so they can order them as they wish , " Mahmoud said . "  The community just wants to defend its freedom and dignity . "	Teen boys reportedly held at school for Sharia law Kurdish official blames radical fighters ISIS International officials are asked to intervene
Bamako , Mali  CNN  -- At least two militants were killed as Islamists and troops clashed Sunday in northern Mali , a military official said . The fighting between Islamists and French and Malian forces began in Timbuktu , Mali , after a car bomb blast at the city 's western entrance Saturday night , Malian Army Capt. Modibo Naman Traore said . After the suicide blast , which injured one Malian soldier , Islamists launched an attack on the city , Traore said . "  Fighting is heavy and still ongoing , " Traore said Sunday . "  We are now focusing on encircling the Islamists to drive them out of town . " The clashes come two months after French-led troops launched an effort to flush out militants in northern Mali .	"  Fighting is heavy and still ongoing " in Timbuktu , Mali , a military official says At least two militants are killed in clashes , which started after a bomb blast The fighting comes months after French-led troops launched an effort to flush out militants
CNN  -- Dutch authorities have joined the FBI in conducting criminal investigations into the discovery of needles in six sandwiches aboard four Delta Air Lines flights from Amsterdam to the United States , a military police spokesman in the Netherlands said Tuesday . One person was injured when he bit into a sandwich containing a needle , Delta and Dutch officials said . That passenger , James Tonjes , said he thought the object was a toothpick at first . "  When I pulled it out , then I found out it was a needle , " he said Tuesday . Tonjes said he has been placed on medication to prevent HIV . Tainted food on planes nothing new A second passenger aboard the same flight , Jack Drogt , told ABC 's "  Good Morning America " on Tuesday that he not only found a needle , but he also discovered after landing that his son found one in his sandwich aboard another flight from Amsterdam . Unsavory truths about airplane food The objects were discovered in the sandwiches as the planes were flying Sunday from Schiphol Airport in the Netherlands to Minneapolis , Seattle and two flights to Atlanta , according to Delta spokeswoman Kristin Baur . Two of the needles were found by passengers , she said . An air marshal aboard another flight found a needle . Officials initially reported that four needles had been found . Baur said the two additional needles reported Tuesday were not new incidents but a clarification of earlier information . U.S. Customs and Border Protection issued a brief statement Tuesday saying it had seized at least one item of food containing a "  foreign object " and turned it over to the FBI , which has said it is conducting a criminal investigation . On Tuesday , Robert van Kapel , spokesman for the military police in Schiphol , said detectives there were looking into who put the needles into the sandwiches and why . Military police provide police services at civilian airports in the Netherlands , according to the Defense Ministry . Gate Gourmet , which provided prepared sandwiches to Delta , said the sandwiches originated at the firm 's facility in Amsterdam . The company has been in business since 1992 . Airline drops salads from flights in food scare "  This is a terribly upsetting situation , " Gate Gourmet spokeswoman Christina Ulosevich said . "  First and foremost is the safety of the traveling public . There 's nothing more important to us at all than the safety of the passengers and crews . " Tonjes said it was about an hour before the flight was scheduled to land in Minneapolis when the flight crew served him a turkey and cheese sandwich . He described the needle that punctured the roof of his mouth as being about an inch long . He said it looked like a sewing needle but did not have an eye . "  It happened so quick , " he said . "  I called the flight attendants , and they immediately took it . They did n't make an announcement , but they did go around and collect  the sandwiches  , " he said . FBI officials declined to comment Tuesday . On Monday , Transportation Security Administration spokesman David Castelveter said the agency had notified all U.S. airlines with flights from Schiphol to the United States of the situation . Castelveter said on Tuesday the agency has developed catering security procedures for airlines and their contractors , but he said he could not disclose those measures . TSA conducts inspections to ensure compliance , he said . It was unclear who is responsible for inspecting catered food loaded on airplanes and how and where it is screened . The International Air Transport Association , an airline trade group , said each country is responsible for setting its own rules governing catering . International Air Transport Association spokesman Perry Flint said the International Civil Aviation Organization , a United Nations agency , also has standards and guidance on catering security . Why air travel snacks matter Castelveter said the TSA evaluates the effectiveness of security protocols at international locations . Delta is now serving sealed prepackaged food on the Amsterdam flights instead of the sandwiches , and no other needles have been found , said Baur , the Delta spokeswoman . "  Delta requires all its in-flight caterers to adhere to strict criteria in order to offer our customers the very best onboard meals , " Baur said in a statement . "  The safety and security of our passengers and crew is Delta 's No. 1 priority . " Ulosevich said Monday that Gate Gourmet provides food to other airlines but that it had not received any other reports of tampering . "  We are absolutely cooperating fully with federal and local authorities who are involved , and concurrent with that , we 'll be conducting our own full-scale investigation . " Frequent flier Gary Leff , who rakes in more than 100,000 miles each year , said he 's taking a "  wait and see attitude " but is n't planning to change the way he thinks about airline food . "  I mean , this is n't going to be the first thing ever found in airline food and certainly not the first thing found in restaurant food , " he said . Leff is a frequent domestic flier for work and redeems his miles for international vacations , sharing his cheap travel expertise on his blog , View from the Wing . He expects others to be bothered by this incident "  for about 15 minutes , " Leff said . He referenced a number of occasions when unwanted ingredients or objects have been discovered in foods and medicines over the past few decades , incidents no one seems to worry about or even remember , he said . "  I think most people are just so happy to be served food in the sky that they 'll forget it pretty quickly , " he said . Tom Fuentes , a former FBI assistant director , said he believes the incidents are "  along the lines of a serious prank , " rather than a terrorist act . The discovery of needles does raise questions about oversight of off-site food preparation , where numerous people have access to food before containers are locked , he said . Among those questions , Fuentes said , are , "  Who is watching the people who are preparing the food ? What kind of background checks are they going through ? What kind of security exists at those locations ? " CNN 's Stephanie Halasz , Melissa Abbey , Marnie Hunter , Carol Cratty , Aaron Cooper and John Branch contributed to this report .	NEW : Countries develop their own rules on airplane food catering Dutch authorities say six needles have been found A military police spokesman in the Netherlands says a criminal investigation is under way One passenger was injured when he bit into a sandwich containing a needle
Barack Obama 's appearance on "  The View " on Tuesday topped a week spent cozying up to the world of entertainment , including a dinner hosted by George Clooney that raised $ 15 million and a $ 5,000-a-plate extravaganza with Ricky Martin . Presidents have always chased Hollywood 's vote . Herbert Hoover 's first overnight guest in the White House was Louis B. Mayer , and Richard Nixon had dinner parties with John Wayne . So Obama 's willingness to dish dirt on the "  View " sofa is historically in keeping . Some in the news media are convinced that Obama 's endorsement of gay marriage was designed to raise Hollywood dollars . They may have a point , but Obama was n't just after money . The movie community is enjoying a renaissance of cultural power this election cycle , and that 's what the president wants to harness . It 's noteworthy that Obama 's relationship with Hollywood is far from strong . His biggest problem has always been his lack of enthusiasm for massaging the egos of movie stars . In 2008 , he was certainly happy to take Hollywood 's cash : One Beverly Hills fundraiser alone pulled in $ 9 million . But after the election , Obama remained aloof from those who had supported him , and invitations to the White House in the first year of the administration were surprisingly few . There 's a glimpse of that alleged awkwardness in Edward Klein 's new book about Obama . In "  The Amateur : Barack Obama in the White House " Klein writes , Oprah Winfrey arrives at the White House for an interview and is shocked to find that she has to join the queue at security like everyone else . She even has to talk to staff who make only $ 75,000 a year  yes , Klein lists that as a complaint  , and Oprah is humiliated when Michelle Obama fails to treat her as an equal . Clearly the wife of the leader of the free world needs to learn a little humility . As a result , there had been rumors in the Hollywood press , before the gay marriage endorsement , about declining political and financial support for the president . Matt Damon 's complaint that Obama is too centrist  "  I no longer hope for audacity "  summed up the mood of the liberal movie community nicely . When Obama visited Hollywood in September 2011 , he was reduced to appearing at an event hosted by a sitcom actor at the House of Blues rock club . Yet Hollywood is so good at raising cash that reliance on just a handful of loyal friends can still produce impressive results , as the astonishing $ 15 million takeaway from last week 's Clooney dinner suggests . The biggest bundlers , bringing in $ 500,000 each , include producer Harvey Weinstein and DreamWorks CEO Jeffrey Katzenberg , while actress Eva Longoria has raised at least $ 200,000 . There have been $ 38,000-a-plate dinners with Will Smith , Spike Lee , Tom Hanks and Will Ferrell . Of course , the same-sex marriage endorsement has increased Hollywood enthusiasm for the president and induced liberal skeptics to give more . Producer Norman Lear , who had withheld support until now , announced that he and his wife would give the maximum $ 40,000 each . Hollywood is n't just about money ; it also exerts a quiet cultural power . Joe Biden was right when he credited "  Will and Grace " with shifting popular attitudes towards homosexuality . Television has the power to acculturate and acclimatize viewers to social change . Consider that "  Modern Family , " which features a gay couple and their adopted daughter , was ranked the favorite sitcom among Republicans in 2010 . Incredibly , Time magazine put "  Glee " star Chris Colfer in its 2011 listing of the 100 most influential people in the world . That 's right : A comedy-musical star is just as important to humanity as Christine Lagarde or Kim Jong Un . Hollywood 's soft power has been augmented in the past four years by two innovations . First , Twitter has dramatically expanded the reach of stars who are n't even explicitly political . In 2009 , actor Ashton Kutcher entered a contest with CNN to see who could reach a million followers first . Kutcher won . Today , he is followed by 10.6 million people , far more than Mitt Romney 's 500,000 . Were Kutcher to write something political , it would require only 10 % of his followers -- and then 10 % of each of their followers -- to retweet it for it to become a viral sensation . Second , Hollywood 's activist base has moved away from pushing candidates and toward campaigning for ideas . The falling price of media technology , and the platform that the Internet provides , means that moviemakers can now "  do it for themselves " rather than wait for the Democratic National Committee to recruit them . Same-sex marriage is at the center of this revolution , resulting in a plethora of homemade Hollywood ad campaigns . Local Republicans and Democrats are often united in supporting legal efforts to support gay rights , and their focus brings attention to the issue . In March , Dustin Lance Black 's play about California 's Proposition 8 , which blocked same-sex marriage , was performed in Los Angeles with an all-star cast . Such events , which pursue political rather than strictly electoral goals , are worth millions in publicity to the gay rights movement . All this means that even as the money keeps rolling in , Obama has to stay on the right side of the moviemakers . Perhaps this is another reason why he 's intent on playing the culture war card . Hollywood is full of rich people , so health care and jobs are n't issues that interest the new power players . But two people denied the right to express their love through marriage ? Now that 's a great story .	Timothy Stanley : Obama has done some big Hollywood fundraising in recent days He says Hollywood cooled to Obama since its 2008 support He says Hollywood brings big money , cultural power and is more proactive in pushing ideas Stanley : Obama playing culture war card now in part to stay on right side of moviemakers
Women detained at an immigrant holding facility in southern Texas allege workers there have sexually abused them , including by removing them from their cells at night for sex as well as fondling them in front of others , lawyers wrote in a letter to federal officials this week . Some guards or other workers at the Karnes County Residential Center also asked sexual favors of female detainees in exchange for money or promises of assistance -- including help with their immigration cases or shelter if they are released -- the lawyers allege in the letter . The allegations were detailed in a Tuesday letter from several immigrant advocacy groups to officials with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement and the Department of Homeland Security , which had hired one of America 's for-profit prison operators to run the facility . "  We call for an immediate investigation into these serious allegations of sexual abuse and the immediate protection of all women and children forced to reside in the facility , " the letter , sent by the Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund  MALDEF  on behalf of all the advocacy groups , reads . Company denies claims , says center is ` family-friendly ' Geo Group Inc. , the company that runs the facility , told CNN it strongly refutes the allegations . "  The Karnes County Residential Center provides a safe , clean , and family-friendly environment for mothers and children awaiting required processing by the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency , " the Geo Group 's vice president of corporate relations , Pablo Paez , said . "  The center provides high quality care , and our company strongly denies any allegations to the contrary . " ICE told CNN it could n't discuss specifics about this case . But it said it "  has a zero-tolerance policy for all forms of sexual abuse or assault and our facilities are maintained in accordance with applicable laws and policies . " "  Accusations of alleged unlawful conduct are investigated thoroughly and if substantiated , appropriate action is taken , " the agency said in a written statement . The center is one of many in the country that hold undocumented immigrants -- many apprehended as they crossed into the United States -- as they await hearings on whether they will be deported . ICE detained 440,557 people across the nation in fiscal 2013 . The Karnes County facility can hold up to 532 detainees , and transitioned this summer from a center that housed adults to one that holds adults and children . The sexual abuse is alleged to have happened since August , the lawyers ' letter says . Wall Street bets on prison growth from border crisis "  Numerous " women made the allegations to lawyers representing them , and at least three center employees committed the abuse , the letter said . The letter came five days after one of the advocacy groups made other allegations about the center 's treatment of women and children . In a September 25 letter , the immigration clinic at the University of Texas School of Law asked federal immigration officials to investigate numerous complaints from detainees , including that children did n't have access to a variety of nutritious snacks between meals , that messages from attorneys were n't getting to their clients in a timely manner , and that -- although they had access to a nurse -- no doctor was on staff to handle significant medical issues such as respiratory infections and chronic illnesses . Geo Group said it refutes those allegations , as well , and that ICE personnel are at the site to ensure compliance with the agency 's family residential standards . Immigrants or refugees ? A difference with political consequences ` Removing female detainees from their cells ' for sex MALDEF 's letter from Tuesday accuses facility workers of "  removing female detainees from their cells late in the evening and during early morning hours for the purpose of engaging in sexual acts in various parts of the facility . " Also , workers called detainees "  their ` novias , ' or ` girlfriends , ' " and requested "  sexual favors from female detainees in exchange for money , promises of assistance with their pending immigration cases , and shelter when and if the women are released , " the advocates alleged . Workers also kissed , fondled and groped detainees in front of other detainees , including children , the advocates alleged . The women reported the allegations to center personnel , but "  to date , no action has been taken to stop or prevent this abuse , " the letter reads . The advocates further argue that the center "  provides an environment that facilitates the abuse , " in part by having a guard roster that is predominantly male , and by allowing the guards 24-hour access to the detainees ' rooms . The letter warns the alleged harassment and "  unsafe environment " likely violates several federal laws and regulations , and asks for a response detailing what ICE and the center will do to address the matter .	Facility staff removed female detainees from their rooms for sex at night , lawyers allege Lawyers : Workers asked detainees for sexual favors in exchange for money , help Advocacy groups call for investigation of Texas detention facility Facility operator denies allegations ; ICE says such claims are fully investigated
CNN  -- Facebook unveiled changes to its terms-of-use document on Friday , tweaking earlier drafts in an apparent effort to ease users ' concerns about privacy and how their information is used . The proposed changes to the networking giant 's Statement of Rights and Responsibilities come after the plan was opened up for user comments last month , and just weeks before Facebook is expected to go public in a stock offering some expect could value the company at $ 100 billion . Front and center in the announcement was an effort to explain that the way Facebook collects and shares data is not being changed . "  Some of our users and a number of journalists mistook the proposed update to our SRR for changes to the way we collect or use data , " Facebook said in a post on the site . "  Our Data Use Policy  which used to be called our privacy policy  governs how we collect and use data . We are not proposing any updates to that document at this time . " Little has slowed Facebook 's ascent to the top of the social-media world . What began as a dorm-room project for Mark Zuckerberg and his Harvard classmates grew into a phenomenon that has amassed more than 800 million active users . But if Facebook has had an Achilles heel , it 's been concerns about how user data is used . Because it 's a free service , Facebook depends on targeted advertising and a cut of the micro-payments users make in games and other apps running on the site . Users ' activity on the site is used to paint a picture of them , and shared by Facebook to help those advertisers pick their targets . Web privacy advocates , including some government officials in the United States and elsewhere , have repeatedly expressed unease with the sheer amount of data Facebook possesses about its users and how that data may be used . It 's obvious that the company wants to tamp down user concerns about that in advance of its arrival on Wall Street . In its filing to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission , the word "  privacy " was used 35 times . That document , which is required for companies filing to go public , was obviously largely positive about Facebook 's upside . But when required to acknowledge potential downsides , Facebook wrote that if users ever widely became concerned about their privacy and use of their data , they could lose some of them . Facebook writes that it must avoid adopting "  policies or procedures related to areas such as sharing or user data that are perceived negatively by our users or the general public . " CNNMoney : Facebook strips ` privacy ' from new ` data use ' policy explainer In a set of bulleted posts Friday , Facebook outlined the tweaks it has made in response to user feedback and explained items it says raised concerns . -- In a change first noted last month , the document now uses the term "  Data Use Policy " instead of "  Privacy Policy . " Facebook says this reflects a change that was made last year because they "  believe the name is more descriptive of the information the document provides . " -- Language that said "  you or other that can see your content and information " was removed for a different definition of how and when apps can access data about your friends . It adds links to more information and how users can control that . -- Facebook also clarified language saying that people should not "  tag users if you know they do not wish to be tagged " in photos . That passage does n't change how tagging works , but is merely meant to be a guideline , the company said . -- The changes remove a line saying that Facebook reserves the right to deny or limit access to users outside the United States . The site says that line was unclear and meant to reflect places where services are legally unavailable , or places where Facebook is banned . The document also included a not-so-subtle swipe at one of Facebook 's chief competitors . "  Unlike other Internet companies , we propose updates to our SRR and give our users an opportunity to comment before they go into effect , " Friday 's announcement said . " Your insights and perspectives are really valuable to us , enabling us to respond to your questions and make substantive changes to address your concerns before changes are implemented . " Earlier this year , Google  which has launched social platform Google + as a Facebook rival  rolled out significant changes to its privacy policy . While Google went out of its way to publicize the changes to users , feedback was not as aggressively sought and did not appear , at least publicly , to lead to any major changes . Facebook users can comment on the latest round of proposed changes until April 27 , the post said .	Facebook unveils , and explains , proposed changes to its terms of use Post says that the way user data is collected and shared will not change Announcement comes as Facebook is preparing its Wall Street public stock offering
CNN  -- Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola is warning his side against complacency ahead of their Champions League return against arch-rivals Real Madrid Tuesday . Guardiola has used their shock 2-1 league defeat to Real Sociedad Saturday as extra motivation although Real earlier lost 3-2 to Real Zaragoza in a double upset . "  This was a lesson for us showing that nothing has been done yet , " Guardiola told gathered reporters . "  Madrid are a very good team and they have nothing to lose so we have to keep our heads . We are going to have some tough moments in the game and we will need the support of our fans . " Barcelona won a bad-tempered first leg in the Bernabeu 2-0 last week to put themselves firmly in command of the semifinal tie . Barcelona had substitute goalkeeper Jose Pinto sent off after a halftime fracas and after the break Real suffered a body blow when key defender Pepe was sent off and coach Jose Mourinho dismissed to the stands for his protests . The controversy continued after the game with Mourinho lashing out at his post-match press conference as he implied that the officials were favoring Barcelona . Blog : No way Jose , you 've gone too far this time Real will be without the suspended Sergio Ramos and Pepe for the next version of ` El Clasico ' in the Nou Camp , while German midfield star Sami Khedira is injured . But their players remain convinced they can overturn the deficit in the second leg . "  We feel that we can do it and also in the league , " Brazil star Kaka told AFP . "  Until it is mathematically impossible we are not going to give anything up , although we can not afford to make mistakes like we did against Zaragoza , " he added . Argentina teammate Gonzalo Higuain acknowledged that the defeat to Zaragoza , which leaves them eight points adrift of Barca , had all but ended their title chances . "  The league is almost over but we need to concentrate on the Champions League and we have a side which can reach the final , " he said . For Barcelona , star midfielder Andres Iniesta and central defender Carles Puyol are battling to be fit in time .	Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola warns his team to be on their guard against Real Madrid Barca lead 2-0 from first leg but both teams lost league matches at the weekend Real ' Pepe and Sergio Ramos will be banned for the return in the Nou Camp
BOSTON , Massachusetts  CNN  -- They were crimes born of the Internet age -- romantic solicitations on popular Web site Craigslist that police say led to the fatal shooting of one woman and the robbery of another in Boston hotels this past spring . Internet forensic expert Mark Rasch used high-tech sleuthing to help police in Boston 's Craigslist crimes . And it was high-tech , 21st-century sleuthing , along with some old-fashioned gumshoe detective work , that put police on the trail toward a suspect and eventually an arrest . On CNN 's "  AC 360 " Randi Kaye recently took a behind-the-scenes look at how technology was used to lead police to 23-year-old medical student Philip Markoff , who has been indicted on seven counts , including first-degree murder . Prosecutors said Julissa Brisman , a model from New York who advertised as a masseuse on Craigslist , was shot three times at close range and suffered blunt head trauma at the Marriott Copley Place hotel on April 14 . And a 29-year-old Las Vegas , Nevada , woman was robbed of $ 800 in cash and $ 250 in American Express gift cards at the Westin Copley Place hotel , police reports said . Read the AC360 blog post Investigators knew they had crimes born of the Internet on their hands , but how were they able to use that same technology to help them find a suspect who went to great lengths to hide his tracks ? "  The figures involved communicated with each other -LSB- via -RSB- text and e-mail , and they only met at the very last minute , " said special correspondent Maureen Orth , who investigated the story for Vanity Fair magazine . "  And then the way the police were able to solve the crime was going back , using the clicks and the Internet addresses . " In Brisman 's case , police knew she had communicated on Craigslist with a person calling himself "  Andy . " Mark Rasch once headed the computer crimes unit at the U.S. Department of Justice . Now an Internet forensic expert , he helped Boston police track the alleged killer . "  The first thing you start with was the e-mail address . In this case , it 's an e-mail address from Live.com , which is Microsoft , " Rasch explained to CNN 's Kaye . Watch Randi Kaye 's full report " Rasch showed Kaye the tracer program he used to help follow the e-mails from "  Andy . " "  Trace Back does what it says -- traces the route that the e-mail took on its way from its origin to the destination , " Rasch said . Rasch says police got the Internet protocol address for the e-mailer 's computer . From there , investigators tracked down the company providing Internet service to the suspect , which told them that the subscriber lived in a Quincy apartment building , outside Boston . Even though police had what they believed was the killer 's real name and home address , that still was not enough , Kaye reports . "  They have to validate and actually get this guy 's fingers on the keyboard , " Rasch said . "  So in the end , they reverted to the old gumshoe thing of a stakeout . " Police zeroed in on Markoff . They 'd seen a tall , blond male they believed was the killer on the hotel surveillance cameras . And they did what many people do on a daily basis -- they Googled him . Police learned their prime suspect was a medical student at Boston University . He was engaged to be married . Again , the Internet helped . They got a better look at him through pictures with his fiancee online . It 's a piece of a digital trail criminals rarely think about , Kaye reported . "  As one of the law enforcement people told me , if you can see it , they can see it , " Orth said . Markoff 's cyber footprint was growing more clear to authorities every day . On April 20 , six days after Brisman 's slaying , detectives arrested him . They said he was carrying on him a New York driver 's license with a photo of someone named Andrew or Andy Miller . Police say Markoff used that driver 's license to purchase the gun that killed Brisman and that his fingerprints were on the paperwork . In June , Markoff pleaded not guilty to Brisman 's death and the other charges against him . He remains in jail . CNN 's Randi Kaye contributed to this report .	Internet expert : Craigslist slaying suspect left a trail of clues behind in cyberspace Mark Rasch says he used a tracer program on e-mail sent to slaying victim Boston investigators even used a Google search to help track down suspect Philip Markoff , a medical student , pleaded not guilty in death of Julissa Brisman
New York  CNN  -- Airline passengers who spent 11 hours stuck on the tarmac at John F. Kennedy International Airport were unloaded Tuesday afternoon in the latest example of the frustrating effects of a massive blizzard that delayed thousands of would-be holiday travelers . The airport , airline and government officials engaged in finger-pointing over delays on the tarmac . "  There were a lot of people on the plane crying , " said passenger Christina Edgar . "  It was really a tough situation . " She called the situation "  just a bad judgment call . " "  They kept trying to get us to go , and they kept us on the plane with no choice , " Edgar said . Travelers aboard the Cathay Pacific Airways flight from Vancouver , British Columbia , arrived in New York at 2:12 a.m. ET on Tuesday . They got off the plane shortly after 1 p.m. ET . "  It was n't fun with three children sitting there , " said passenger Vincent Butcher . "  No one has admitted to making any mistakes . " At some point , Butcher said , there was even talk of a ladder being brought out to the runway , but that did not happen . The airline told him it may be at least 48 hours before the family gets its luggage , he said . Passenger Max Ascui told "  AC360 " that the crew did a good job but could n't provide answers on what would happen . Cathay Pacific spokesman Gus Whitcomb said the airline 's intention was "  to get passengers to New York as quickly as possible , and we anticipated to have gate space available . " He said the gate typically assigned to the airline had been moved "  because of what became a very fluid situation at JFK due to the weather . " Four international flights were stranded at JFK on Tuesday without gates available to unload passengers , officials said . "  We also had four flights come into LaGuardia , but because they were domestic flights we were able to get them off , " said Port Authority spokesman Steve Coleman . Coleman said that because the JFK flights were international , they had to be unloaded in specific customs areas to undergo screening . "  There is just no place that you can dump 1,000 people in a secured area for a period of time , " Coleman said . He said the planes were stranded because the airlines brought them in without checking with terminal operations to see if there was a place to put them . The airline 's website advised passengers on other flights scheduled for Tuesday to check for confirmed departure times before traveling to the airport . A British Airways spokesman also blamed a lack of gate space for the seven-hour stranding of its passengers on a flight from London . Aeromexico 's Flight 404 landed at JFK from Mexico City at 1:15 a.m. , more than two hours behind schedule , but passenger Cristobal Alex said it was six hours before he could walk off the plane . "  We were running out of food and water and the pilot came on to say he had been arguing with the folks at the airport to at least let the police come on board to deliver some food and water , " Alex said . "  And I guess he lost that fight -- nobody came on . " The airport keeps buses ready to help remove passengers from planes stranded on the tarmacs , "  but sometimes the airlines do n't inform us , " said Coleman . The Aeromexico jet pulled up to a gate after several hours on the tarmac , but the doors stayed closed until 7 a.m. ET , Alex said . "  Apparently , what happened was the Customs folks went home at 1 a.m. and so everybody coming international kind of had to sit out there in the snow all night , " he said . "  It 's possible " the lack of a customs staff caused the deplaning delays for international flights , Coleman said , "  and that 's why we have to look into the whole situation . " "  It might have been a situation where too many planes came in with not enough gate space for them , " Coleman said . However , a U.S. Customs and Border Protection spokesman in New York said those reports were incorrect . "  At no point were Customs officials sent home , " spokesman John Saleh said . "  For flights arriving after midnight , there is usually one terminal available which is always staffed with Customs officers , " said Saleh . He said Customs officials have been taking multiple shifts to ensure ample staffing , noting that agency has no involvement in passengers deplaning or the removal of their cargo . Saleh said it is the responsibility of the airlines to notify Customs officials when arriving at JFK . The fourth international flight stuck on the tarmac was another Cathay Pacific flight , according to the Port Authority , but it was not known where that flight originated or how long it was stranded . For the passengers who were able to deplane after several hours , some had more frustration ahead -- they were informed they could not access their luggage . Tai Nickel , a passenger aboard the Aeromexico flight , said "  most people were calm " as they waited inside the plane . "  But once we got out , people were more upset because there were no bags , " he said . British Airways Flight 183 arrived in New York a few minutes early Monday night , but it took seven hours before a gate was opened "  due to the weather-related problems they have been having lately , " an airline spokesman said Tuesday morning . "  We fully apologize to customers for this delay , but it is outside our control what parking stands we are allocated , " said the British Airways spokesman . On the Aeromexico plane , Alex credited flight attendants for keeping their composure . "  They were actually quite nice and pleasant and had a smile on the face throughout the whole ordeal , " he said . Passengers on several other flights also posted Twitter messages complaining they were stuck on the tarmac at JFK overnight . The Airline Passengers Bill of Rights , which prohibits airlines from letting passengers stay on grounded planes for more than three hours , does n't apply in these situations . Kate Hanni , executive director of FlyersRights.org , said the rule does n't apply to international flights . CNN 's Elise Zeiger contributed to this report .	Officials say they could n't accommodate international flight passengers Passenger says people were crying aboard flight stuck on JFK tarmac for 11 hours Passengers were gradually being released from planes after spending hours aboard
CNN  -- A teenage mother and her young daughter , snatched off a Cleveland street , were found shot to death in a garage early Sunday , Cleveland , Ohio , police said . Thomas Lorde , the estranged boyfriend of 19-year-old Latasha Jackson and the father of 1-year-old Chaniya Wynn , was found next to them , dead of an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head , police said Sunday . Cleveland police issued an Amber Alert on Saturday after witnesses reported seeing Jackson and Chaniya abducted while walking on East 72nd Avenue in Cleveland . Jackson 's 14-year-old brother was walking with the pair when he said Lorde approached . "  He walked up on us and ... he pulled out the gun . He pointed it at me , " the brother told CNN affiliate WEWS . "  He told me to run . " The brother , who CNN is not identifying because of his age , ran home and called 911 . "  I was scared for my niece and my sister , " he said . "  She  Jackson  was silent . She was scared . She did n't know what to do . " The alert named Lorde , 25 , as the kidnapping suspect , warning that he was a "  violent sexual predator with felony warrants out of New York , " and armed and dangerous . The alert was lifted Sunday after police found the bodies of the three "  in a closed garage of an unoccupied structure in the 7000 block of Union Avenue , " a police statement said . "  All three were found unresponsive with gunshot wounds and pronounced dead on the scene , " the statement said . No other details of the investigation were made public . CNN 's Maggie Schneider contributed to this report .	NEW : "  He walked up on us and ... he pulled out the gun , " victim 's brother says The mother 's estranged boyfriend is found dead from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot , police say 19-year-old Latasha Jackson and 1-year-old Chaniya are found dead Sunday in a Cleveland garage Witnesses tell police they saw Lorde snatch the mom and child off a Cleveland street
CNN  -- After cleaning house Friday and canceling a number of shows , NBC has unveiled its 2014 TV schedule . As announced Sunday , the network has added three comedies and three dramas to its lineup . Among the newcomers is David Caspe 's "  Marry Me , " which stars "  Happy Endings " actress Casey Wilson as half of a destined-to-be-duo who ca n't seem to get their proposal right . On the drama side , NBC has announced new series like "  State of Affairs " with Katherine Heigl and "  Constantine , " an adaptation of the popular DC Comics series "  Hellblazer . " While NBC has said farewell to fan-favorite shows "  Community " and "  Revolution , " it is keeping "  Parks and Recreation " and "  Parenthood , " both of which will air their final seasons . The network 's singing competition "  The Voice " is also returning , as are "  Grimm , " "  The Blacklist " and "  Law & Order : SVU . " Here 's a look at the network 's new schedule  all times Eastern  , along with sneak peeks at the new fall shows , which are in bold . Monday 8-10 p.m. : "  The Voice " 10-11 p.m. : "  The Blacklist " / "  State of Affairs "  beginning November 17  : Katherine Heigl portrays Charleston "  Charlie " Tucker , a CIA analyst who preps the President  Alfre Woodard  on the most pressing international issues . Adding a layer of complexity to their relationship is the fact that Charlie was once engaged to the President 's son , who was killed in a terrorist attack . Tuesday 8-9 p.m. : "  The Voice " 9-9 :30 p.m. : "  Marry Me " : Annie  Casey Wilson  and Jake  Ken Marino  have been together for six years , and Jake planned to propose upon their return from an island getaway . But after a fight with Annie , his proposal is ruined , and the couple decide they need to figure out the right way to pop the question . 9:30 -10 p.m. : "  About a Boy " 10-11 p.m. : "  Chicago Fire " Wednesday 8-9 p.m. : "  The Mysteries of Laura " : Former "  Will & Grace " star Debra Messing portrays Laura Diamond , an NYPD homicide detective who balances her demanding day job with being the mother of twin boys and the soon-to-be-ex-wife of a fellow cop . 9-10 p.m. : "  Law & Order : SVU " 10-11 p.m. : "  Chicago P.D. " Thursday 8-9 p.m. : "  The Biggest Loser " 9-9 :30 p.m. : "  Bad Judge " : Rebecca Wright  Kate Walsh  is an unconventional judge who likes to party in her downtime , but an 8-year-old boy who loses his parents thanks to one of Rebecca 's rulings may be the key to helping her settle down . 9:30 -10 p.m. : "  A to Z " : Ben Feldman  "  Mad Men "  and Cristin Milioti  "  How I Met Your Mother "  star as an opposites-attract couple who meet by chance -- or is it fate ? 10-11 p.m. : "  Parenthood " Friday 8-9 p.m. : "  Dateline NBC " 9-10 p.m. : "  Grimm " 10-11 p.m. : "  Constantine " : Matt Ryan  "  Criminal Minds "  plays demon hunter and dark arts master John Constantine , whom DC Comics fans know from the "  Hellblazer " series . Saturday 8-11 p.m. : Encore programming Sunday 7-8 :20 p.m. : "  Football Night in America " 8:20 -11:30 p.m. : "  NBC Sunday Night Football " Still to come in the midseason is a new comedy from Ellen DeGeneres called "  One Big Happy " ; a comedy from "  30 Rock " dream team Tina Fey and Robert Carlock , "  Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt " ; and a comedy from Will Ferrell and Adam McKay called "  Mission Control . "	NBC unveiled its 2014-15 schedule on Sunday The lineup includes three new dramas and three new comedies The network is also retaining "  Parks and Recreation " for a seventh and final season
CNN  -- Sudan on Wednesday blamed Israel for an airstrike that killed two people near the coastal city of Port Sudan . "  This is foreign aggression , " Foreign Minister Ali Ahmad Karti said . "  We know that it was an Israeli strike . " Karti said Sudan will be lodging a complaint with the U.N. Security Council . It was n't clear who was the target of the strike , which occurred Tuesday . One of those killed in the attack was a Sudanese citizen picking up a passenger who had arrived at the Port Sudan Airport , Karti said . The passenger 's identity is still unknown . Authorities have begun an investigation , he said . CNN got Karti 's comments from the Sudanese Foreign Ministry . The same remarks were made at a news conference "  We have no information that it would indicate there was a Palestinian in the car , as had been implied , " the foreign minister said . The Israel Defense Forces had no comment on the report . Israel has identified Sudan as one of the countries through which weapons are smuggled to Hamas and other militant groups operating in the Palestinian territory of Gaza , and to Hezbollah in Lebanon . Militants lately have stepped up their rocket attacks from Gaza into Israel . Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Liberman told an Israeli reporter in 2009 that "  Iran is using all resources and footholds for shipping weapons to Lebanon , " and that includes Sudan . "  We have information from trusted sources that this is done , first and foremost , through Syria and Sudan , " he said . Karti said the attack "  is meant to implicate us in terror-related activities . " He argued that Israel does n't want Sudan removed from the U.S. list of state sponsors of terror . Sudanese authorities said that Israel struck a Gaza-bound arms convoy in Sudan two years ago , an attack that killed 39 people . CNN 's Nima Elbagir and Kevin Flower contributed to this report .	NEW : Foreign Minister says one of the dead was a Sudanese citizen NEW : Sudan says it will file a complaint with the U.N. Security Council Israel had no comment , but has implicated Sudan in weapons smuggling
CNN  -- If most new moms would breastfeed their babies for the first six months of life , it would save nearly 1,000 lives and billions of dollars each year , according to a new study published Monday in the journal Pediatrics . "  The United States incurs $ 13 billion in excess costs annually and suffers 911 preventable deaths per year because our breastfeeding rates fall far below medical recommendations , " the report said . The World Health Organization says infants should be exclusively breastfed for the first six months of life "  to achieve optimal growth , development and health . " The WHO is not alone in its recommendations . The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists , the American Academy of Pediatrics , the American Academy of Family Physicians and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention all agree that breast milk alone is sufficient for newborns and infants until they are 6 months old . However , a 2009 breastfeeding report card from the CDC found that only 74 percent of women start breastfeeding , only 33 percent were still exclusively breastfeeding at three months and only 14 percent were still exclusively breastfeeding at six months . Dr. Melissa Bartick , one of the new study 's co-authors , says the vast majority of extra costs incurred each year could be saved "  if 80 to 90 percent of women exclusively breastfed for as little as four months and if 90 percent of women would breastfeed some times until six months . " Bartick is a hospitalist -- a doctor who specializes in the care of hospitalized patients -- at Cambridge Health Alliance , an instructor in medicine at Harvard Medical School and a mother of two . Bartick and her co-author Arnold Reinhold found that most of the excess costs are due to premature deaths . Nearly all , 95 percent of these deaths , are attributed to three causes : sudden infant death syndrome  SIDS  ; necrotizing enterocolitis , seen primarily in preterm babies and in which the lining of the intestinal wall dies ; and lower respiratory infections such as pneumonia . Breastfeeding has been shown to reduce the risk of all of these and seven other illnesses studied by the study authors . Bartick calculates $ 10.56 million for each of the estimated 911 children 's deaths . Researchers also included the direct costs of health care and parent 's time missed from work . They did not include the cost of formula , which is another added cost for moms who do n't breastfeed . There are a lot of factors contributing to low breastfeeding rates in the United States , and Bartick says moms should n't be blamed , because they receive mixed messages and often lack support from the moment their babies are born . She says the biggest priority should be to improve maternity care practices . Bartick refers to a 2007 CDC survey of hospitals and birthing centers , which scored each facility to determine how well it complied with recommendations meant to encourage women to breastfeed . According to that survey , Bartick says , "  U.S. hospitals scored a 63 - that 's a D. " Bartick says many hospitals delay immediate urgent skin-to-skin contact between mom and baby , which can make things harder for the newborn to act on its natural instincts to suckle . Moms also need to be better educated about the importance of breastfeeding and they need adequate support after they leave the hospital in case they run into problems because the newborn is n't properly latching on and therefore not getting enough food . Dr. Alan Fleischman , medical director for the March of Dimes , was not surprised by the findings of the report . Fleischman , who did not work on this study , says if a new mom is struggling with breastfeeding , she may end up in a situation where "  grandmother suggests to stop the silliness and give formula instead . " He believes the mothers and grandmothers of new moms also need to be educated about the benefits of breastfeeding because for their generations , feeding their babies formula was the norm .	Study urges infants be exclusively breastfed for the first six months of life U.S. breastfeeding rates fall far below medical recommendations Biggest priority should be to improve maternity care practices , study 's author says
CNN  -- "  Captain Hutaree , " his wife and two sons planned with other militia members to kill a law enforcement official to draw the officer 's colleagues to the funeral , authorities say . Then , according to an indictment unsealed Monday , the militia planned to attack the funeral procession to kick off its war against the U.S. government . Members of the Hutaree militia , whose Web site says it is preparing for end times to "  keep the testimony of Jesus Christ alive , " have been indicted on five counts , including seditious conspiracy and attempting to use weapons of mass destruction . Federal authorities allege militia members had declared war against law enforcement and "  foot soldiers " of the federal government . They had conducted "  military-style training " in Lenawee County , Michigan , about 35 miles northwest of Toledo , Ohio , since 2008 , the indictment said . The group 's Web site outlines the militia 's philosophy : "  Jesus wanted us to be ready to defend ourselves using the sword and stay alive using equipment . The only thing on Earth to save the testimony and those who follow it are the members of the testimony , till the return of Christ in the clouds . " The group 's leader , David Brian Stone -- aka "  Joe Stonewall " or "  Captain Hutaree " -- allegedly planned to kill a law enforcement officer to instigate a war against the U.S. government . In a phone interview Monday with CNN , Donald Stone , David Stone 's brother , said he was n't aware that his sibling was a member of the Hutaree militia nor did he believe David would set out to harm police officers . "  No , I do n't believe that would ever happen , " he said . "  That takes a very dark person . " Donald Stone said his brother , whom he said he has n't seen in months , is employed in a factory and "  works like everyone else . Life 's a struggle . " The indictment alleges that killing a law enforcement official would be just the beginning : "  As a consequence of this act , law enforcement officers from throughout the nation would be drawn to and gather in the Eastern District of Michigan for the funeral , " the indictment said . "  According to the plan , the Hutaree would then attack law enforcement vehicles during the funeral procession with improvised explosive devices with explosively formed projectiles . " The federal conspiracy charges say the militia devised several options for killing a law enforcement officer : after a traffic stop , during an ambush in a rural community , or by "  luring a member of law enforcement with a false 911 emergency call . " The militia also considered killing a law enforcement official and family members at home , the indictment said . The intention of the group was that such acts "  would intimidate and demoralize law enforcement , diminishing their ranks and rendering them ineffective , " the indictment said . The militia would then retreat to a rally point where it would "  wage war against the government and be prepared to defend in-depth with trip-wired and command-detonated anti-personnel improvised explosive devices . " Hutaree members believe , according to the indictment , that their fight would "  serve as a catalyst for a more widespread uprising against the government . " The government alleges that , in preparation for such an uprising , the militia acquired firearms , ammunition , explosives , uniforms , communication devices , vehicles and medical supplies . The militia also conducted military-style drills , including explosives and firearms training , as well as "  close-quarter battle drills . " Members also prepared defensive fighting positions , including "  ambush kill zones " and storage bunkers , the indictment said . On February 6 , Stone and several others intended to travel to Kentucky to meet with other militia groups , but weather conditions prevented them from reaching their destination . However , according to the indictment , Stone contacted "  a person he believed capable of manufacturing destructive devices to provide him with four anti-personnel improvised explosive devices to take with them to the summit . " The indictment alleges that Stone identified law enforcement officers near his residence -- and one in particular -- as potential targets . Stone announced a covert reconnaissance exercise that was scheduled for next month , the indictment said , adding that "  anyone who happened upon the exercise who did not acquiesce to Hutaree demands could be killed . " The Hutaree Web site 's main page , viewed Monday by CNN , announced an April 24 training exercise and asked visitors to "  contact headquarters immediately . " Stone and six co-conspirators engaged in training as recently as February 20 , the indictment said , and each used at least one firearm . U.S. Attorney Barbara McQuade explained the federal raid 's timing in a statement announcing the indictment . "  Because the Hutaree had planned a covert reconnaissance operation for April which had the potential of placing an unsuspecting member of the public at risk , the safety of the public and of the law enforcement community demanded intervention at this time . "	NEW : Brother of suspect denies knowing of sibling 's involvement in plot to kill law officers Hutaree Web site : "  Jesus wanted us to be ready to defend ourselves using the sword " Indictment : Leader contacted someone he thought was bombmaker , requested four Militia hoped attack would instigate wider uprising against government , authorities say
A suspected U.S. drone strike killed 20 people in North Waziristan , a region along the Pakistan-Afghanistan border , a Pakistani intelligence official told CNN Friday . An officer from the political administration told CNN that six missiles struck a compound in Datakhel , an administrative division of North Waziristan . The region is known to be a hotbed for militancy and widely believed to be under little government control . Both officials requested not to be identified because they are not allowed to disclose information to the media . A military officer who requested anonimity for the same reason , told CNN that two drones were in the area , but only one of them fired . In the incident , which occurred shortly after 10 p.m. , two missiles struck the compound in the residential area followed by another four missiles that were fired 10 minutes later , the officer said . The death toll rose from nine to 20 as people who had gathered at the site after the first strike were hit in the second , the officer said . It was not clear if any of the dead were civilians . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton apologized this week for a coalition attack last November in which NATO fighter jets attacked a Pakistani checkpoint near the Afghanistan border , killing 24 Pakistani soldiers . U.S.-Pakistan relations soured after the incident , which led Pakistan to close supply routes for NATO trucks carrying supplies to Afghanistan . After the apology , Pakistani leaders reopened the routes through Pakistan 's western border . Islamist political parties expressed outrage at their reopening , accusing the government selling out to U.S. demands and disregarding the will of its own parliament . Pakistan 's parliamentary committee on national security passed a resolution in April that set the cessation of drone strikes as a condition for the reopening of supply routes to Afghanistan . Pakistan will continue to press the U.S. administration to stop drone attacks , Qamar Zaman Kaira , Pakistan 's minister for information and broadcasting , said after the Clinton apology . Pakistani government officials have been angered by suspected U.S. drone airstrikes in the country that have left many dead . The U.S. military routinely offers no comment on reported drone strikes .	The strikes were the first since Pakistan agreed to reopen routes Islamist parties accuse the government of selling out to U.S. demands The region is a hotbed for militancy
CNN  -- Lawyers for a group of gay and lesbian couples in Utah have asked the Supreme Court to allow same-sex marriages to continue in the state , following a federal judge 's ruling that found a law there banning the practice unconstitutional . Justice Sonia Sotomayor issued an emergency injunction on Tuesday , but was expected to issue an order as early as Friday afternoon on whether to grant the state 's request for an injunction to temporarily halt same-sex unions . U.S. District Judge Robert Shelby struck down the statute as unconstitutional on December 20 , and the state then asked the high court to block enforcement of that decision . Shelby said the law "  conflicts with the United States Constitution 's guarantees of equal protection and due process under the law . " The issue on enforcement is tricky since hundreds of marriage licenses have already been issued by some Utah counties in the nearly two weeks since the decision was announced . Voters there approved a law banning same-sex marriage in 2004 . Any action from the high court on the enforcement question would be temporary and not offer the final word on the constitutionality of the state 's ban on same-sex marriage . A Denver-based federal appeals court will take up the larger issues on an expedited basis in coming weeks , but in the meantime has allowed those marriages to continue .	Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor issued injunction on Tuesday Utah sought relief from lower court ruling allowing same-sex marriages Any Supreme Court action would be temporary as appeals continue to play out
New York  CNN  -- Mary Kennedy , the estranged wife of Robert F. Kennedy Jr. , had been in the headlines for her alcohol and drug problems , but is remembered by relatives as a devoted mother and pioneer of "  green " architecture . Mary Kennedy 's family blasts stories on her death A dark-haired beauty , Mary Richardson met Robert F. Kennedy Jr. through her friendship with his sister Kerry Kennedy , a roommate from school . The couple married in a civil ceremony in 1994 when the designer was six months pregnant , according to the Westchester County Journal News in New York . One month before the wedding , Kennedy divorced his first wife , Emily Black , the mother of his two oldest children , the newspaper said . He and Mary Kennedy were together for 16 years before he filed for divorce two years ago , said her family attorney , Kerry A. Lawrence . Mary Kennedy 's funeral set for Saturday The pair , who had four children together , were still married at the time of her death Wednesday at home in Westchester County . The 52-year-old died of asphyxiation due to hanging , said Donna Greene , a spokeswoman for the Westchester County medical examiner . Both sides of the family paid tribute to Mary Kennedy as a devoted mother . "  It is with deep sadness that the family of Robert F. Kennedy , Jr. mourns the loss of Mary Richardson Kennedy , wife and mother of their four beloved children . Mary inspired our family with her kindness , her love , her gentle soul and generous spirit , " a statement by her husband 's family said . Outside the home , Mary Kennedy made her mark as an architect who pushed the boundaries of eco-friendly design . She was "  a tremendously gifted architect and a pioneer and relentless advocate of green design who enhanced her cutting edge , energy efficient creations with exquisite taste and style , " her husband 's family said . She also advocated finding a cure for food allergies and asthma and was a co-founder of the Food Allergy Initiative , the world 's largest private source of funding for food allergy research , Robert F. Kennedy Jr. 's family said . Her own family paid tribute to "  our beloved sister Mary , whose radiant and creative spirit will be sorely missed by those who loved her , " including the four children she loved "  without reservation . " Mary Kennedy 's death was the latest for a family that has seen its share of tragedy . "  We know from a history of this family , it 's very hard being a Kennedy , either being a blood Kennedy or being married to one , " Laurence Leamer , a Kennedy biographer , said on CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront . " "  The overwhelming celebrity , the attention , the obligations , the expectations that you 're supposed to do something with your life . It 's very , very hard . " In 1968 , Robert F. Kennedy Sr. was assassinated in California while making a run for the White House . His death came less than five years after his brother , President John F. Kennedy , also died at the hands of an assassin . More than three decades later , in 1999 , John F. Kennedy Jr. ; his wife , Carolyn Bessette Kennedy ; and his sister-in-law , Lauren Bessette , died when a plane he was piloting crashed in the waters off Martha 's Vineyard , Massachusetts . David Kennedy died of a drug overdose in 1984 , and Michael Kennedy was killed in a skiing accident in 1997 . Both were sons of Robert F. Kennedy Sr. . Robert F. Kennedy Jr. , a prominent environmental lawyer who is a professor at Pace Law School in White Plains , New York , is the third of 11 children born to Ethel and Sen. Robert F. Kennedy . Details of the couple 's private life were exposed after Robert F. Kennedy Jr. filed for divorce from Mary Kennedy in Westchester County on May 12 , 2010 . The next evening , according to police records , police in Bedford , New York , responded to a 911 call . When police arrived at the Kennedy residence , they found the couple in an argument over taking their four children to a carnival at St. Patrick 's School . According to a "  domestic incident " report filed by the officer on the scene , "  Mr. Kennedy stated that his wife was intoxicated and was acting irrational so he took the children to the carnival to remove them from the situation . " No one was injured , the report said . Two days later , Mary Kennedy was arrested for driving while intoxicated . At the time , Bedford Police Lt. Jeff Dickans told CNN that a Bedford police officer saw Kennedy 's 2004 Volvo swerving onto the curb of Greenwich Road in Bedford and asked her to pull over . Kennedy had slurred speech and a blood-alcohol content above 0.08 % , the legal limit in New York . She was charged with driving while intoxicated . Lawrence , her family attorney , said the case resulted in a reduction to a violation , the criminal charge was dismissed , and her driver 's license was suspended for 90 days . A second arrest occurred in August of the same year in the town of Pleasant Valley , in which she was charged with driving while impaired by prescription drugs , Lawrence said . Those charges were dismissed completely in July 2011 because all the drugs were prescribed and taken as her physician advised , the attorney said . As a designer , Mary Kennedy sought to advance environmental principles and green technologies . In a book titled "  Kennedy Green House " that was co-authored by Robert F. Kennedy Jr. , he describes how he and his wife restored their flooded , black-mold-infested home , transforming it into an eco-friendly residence . A website devoted to the project describes how it focused "  on maximum energy and water efficiency and improved indoor air quality to benefit the future of our planet and health of our children . " In the book , her husband wrote that she had worked for the design firm Parish-Hadley and worked on the renovation of the Naval Observatory in Washington , the official residence of the U.S. vice president . CNN 's Nina Ibarra contributed to this report .	NEW : Mary Kennedy , 52 , died of asphyxiation due to hanging , a local official says She is called a gifted architect and a "  relentless advocate of green design " She married Robert F. Kennedy Jr. in 1994 , and the couple had four children together He filed for divorce in 2010 , the same year Mary Kennedy was arrested for DWI
U.S. authorities are not required to release any internal National Security Agency communications it had with Internet giant Google Inc. after a 2010 cyber attack in China , a federal appeals court ruled Friday . At issue was a Freedom of Information Act request from a private group over the suspected collaborative relationship between the public and private entities . The NSA said disclosure of any communications -- even with outside companies -- would threaten government information systems . The agency had given the Electronic Privacy Information Center a so-called "  Glomar " response , in which the government refuses to confirm or deny the existence of any requested records . EPIC , a privacy and civil liberties group , made the FOIA submission weeks after the January 2010 cyberattack on Gmail accounts , primarily targeting Chinese human rights activists . Google quickly changed its server encryption protocols following the digital attacks , and a top company official publicly stated its engineers were "  also working with the relevant U.S. authorities . " A federal judge eventually sided with the NSA and Google , and the three-judge federal panel has now affirmed . "  The existence of a relationship or communications between the NSA and any private company certainly constitutes an ` activity ' of the agency subject to protection " from public disclosure , said Judge Janice Rogers Brown . "  Moreover , if private entities knew that any of their attempts to reach out to NSA could be made public through a FOIA request , they might hesitate or decline to contact the agency , thereby hindering its Information Assurance mission . " Brown was backed by Judges Brett Kavanaugh and Douglas Ginsburg , all named to the bench by Republican presidents . The court noted past precedent giving the government leeway in deciding which information it wishes to share with the public . "  In reviewing an agency 's Glomar response , this court exercises caution when the information requested implicates national security , a uniquely executive purview , " said Brown . "  NSA need not make a specific showing of potential harm to national security in order to justify withholding information . " The Glomar precedent refers to a 1970s incident , where the CIA refused to discuss a ship under its control , allegedly used to secretly salvage a Soviet submarine which had sunk . EPIC now has the option of asking the Supreme Court to hear its free-speech appeal . The group says despite Friday 's legal setback , it has several other similar , pending lawsuits against the agency . Lawyers from EPIC had argued the collaboration between Google and the federal agency -- which conducts global electronic surveillance -- was widely reported in the national media . The private group said the agency thus had a responsibility to locate records that could be disclosed . " The military 's top officer warned last year of the "  substantial " and complex threat to the U.S. from foreign cyberattack . "  We 've got to come to a place where those threats are diminished , if not eliminated , " then-Joint Chiefs Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen said in January 2011 . "  I would never go in , certainly in any area of warfare , into details on threats except to say they are substantial . We are focused on them . " Mullen , who retired last fall , said that cyberspace is a lawless terrain . "  The threat from China is significant , " Mullen said . "  There are other threats out there that we see routinely . ... It is an enormously complex and critical area that all of us need to understand a lot better and do a lot more about . " The case is EPIC v. NSA  11-5233  .	Federal appeals court affirms protection of communications between Google and NSA NSA said disclosure would threaten government information systems Cyberattack is serious threat says former chairman of Joint Chiefs of Staff
CNN  -- Angola 's ruling party was declared the winner of weekend elections Sunday after taking nearly three-quarters of the vote . With about 85 % of the boxes counted , the Popular Movement for the Liberation of Angola  MPLA  had 73 % of the nearly 4.9 valid votes cast , according to figures from the country 's National Electoral Commission . The MPLA 's nearest rival , the National Union for the Total Independence of Angola  UNITA  , trailed far behind with 18 % . Seven other parties split up the rest of the vote . The win means a new term for President Jose Eduardo dos Santos , who has held power since 1979 , the state-run Angola News Agency reported . Under the terms of a constitution approved in 2010 , the leader of the party that won Friday 's parliamentary vote automatically becomes Angola 's president . Friday 's election was only Angola 's third since it gained independence from Portugal in 1975 . The country was wracked by civil war for the next 27 years , and the vote was widely viewed as an indicator of the country 's progress after a decade of peace . Elections in 1992 were abandoned midway and led to an outbreak of further violence . The MPLA won a 2008 parliamentary vote with a landslide 82 % , with UNITA , its former civil war enemy , the leading opposition in the 220-seat National Assembly . UNITA saw its share of the vote nearly double from the 10 % share it won in 2008 . The movement has alleged fraud in previous elections and voiced concerns about apparent irregularities in election campaigning this time around . But on Saturday , UNITA spokesman Alcides Sakala said his party would recognize the election results , the ANA reported . They include the scheduling of the vote only three days after a public holiday for the president 's birthday , questions about voter rolls , and "  what seems like a concerted effort by certain security forces to tell people in rural areas that if they do not vote for the ruling party , the country will be back to war , " said Domingos Jardo Muekalia , UNITA 's deputy secretary for external relations , speaking at the Chatham House think tank in London . In 1992 and 2008 , there were "  substantial irregularities -- some intentional such as manipulation , fraud and intimidation and others resulting from inexperience , " he said . Human Rights Watch also accused the government of "  numerous incidents of political violence , intimidation of protesters , and crackdowns on peaceful demonstrations , " in a report issued on August 1 . "  The human rights environment in Angola is not conducive for free , fair and peaceful elections , " said Leslie Lefkow , deputy Africa director for the rights monitoring group . "  The Angolan government needs to stop trying to stifle peaceful protests , gag the independent press or use the state media for partisan purposes if these elections are to be meaningful , " Lefkow said . Angola , sub-Saharan Africa 's second-largest oil producer , pumps out more than 1.9 million barrels per day and boasts an expanding investment portfolio in its former colonial power , Portugal , and in other parts of Africa . But despite big spending on infrastructure and social programs since the end of its brutal civil war in 2002 , corruption , poor governance and economic inequality remain serious issues for much of the country 's population of about 18 million . Angola ranked 168th out of 183 countries on Transparency International 's 2011 Corruption Perceptions Index , and was 148th out of 187 countries in the U.N. 's Human Development Index . A number of small but consistent demonstrations have taken place in Angola since last year , revealing a growing frustration with the economic hardship that many still face in the country . Over the last few months , civil war veterans have taken to the streets to demand overdue subsidy payments , and disgruntled youths and civil rights activists have staged rallies to voice their concerns about the lack of jobs and opportunities . The protracted civil war killed up to 1.5 million people , according to the CIA World Factbook . About 4 million people were internally displaced , more than half of them children , the United Nations said . After peace was established , the country faced the challenge of reestablishing civil institutions , rebuilding damaged infrastructure , clearing land mines and demobilizing large numbers of former fighters . Opinion : Is oil-rich Angola a development success ?	Angola 's ruling MPLA took 73 % of the vote , the National Electoral Commission reported Jose Eduardo dos Santos will hold the presidency he 's now held for three decades Friday 's vote was only the third election since Angola 's independence The opposition UNITA party voiced concerns about irregularities but accepted the result
CNN  -- As a wife and mother to five children , Sally Massagee had always led an active lifestyle . She ran her own successful CPA firm in her hometown of Hendersonville , North Carolina , and loved to cook and play tennis with friends . But in her late 40s , that all changed . Massagee 's muscles began growing out of control . "  Everyone assumed that I spent a whole lot of time in the gym , " she says . "  One doctor said how many hours a day do you spend in the gym ? " But Massagee did n't work out at the gym , nor was she taking steroids . As her muscles continued to grow , they also started to harden like rocks underneath her skin , causing excruciating pain . Long gone were the days of running and playing tennis . Even basic activities like walking and standing soon became unbearable . "  I could n't reach up to fold over the turtleneck on my sweater , " she says . "  I could n't reach my ears to put on earrings . " In 2006 , with her family 's support , Massagee began to search for help . She headed first to Duke University Medical Center . For two years , she saw doctor after doctor and had test after test , but no one at Duke could figure out what was happening to her body . For Massagee 's husband , Buddy , the mystery was bewildering . "  Duke 's about as high as it gets on the notches in the Southeast , " he says . "  And when Duke tells you they do n't know what it is and they do n't have any more ways or ideas for guessing or testing what it is , it 's a scary thing . " After Duke came up empty , Massagee applied to the the Mayo Clinic in Rochester , Minnesota . But they rejected her because she did not have a diagnosis . With her physical capabilities slipping away , Massagee , 53 , thought there was nowhere else to turn . "  I felt certain that if there was n't a diagnosis , I felt that it was pretty certain that it would kill me , " she says . In 2008 , she got a glimmer of hope . She was told about a new program at the National Institutes of Health that takes on the rarest of undiagnosed cases . With a referral from her endocrinologist from Duke , she was accepted into the Undiagnosed Diseases Program . "  There just are n't words for how excited I was , " Massagee says , "  that there was a hope ... that someone would be able to find out what was wrong . And I remember Buddy saying in the process , if anybody can figure it out , I think these folks can ; I think if there 's any hope , this is it . " After the work at UDP , Massagee had a long and nerve-wracking wait . Finally , in May last year , she got the call she 'd hoped for -- the mystery was solved . In her case , abnormal proteins which normally attack the organs , were attacking her skeletal muscles . Although the mystery was solved , Massagee 's story was far from over . Her diagnosis gave her hope that she 'd survive . It also meant enduring a grueling new chapter of her life with no guarantees how that would end . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Sally Massagee 's muscles began growing out of control Basic activities like walking and standing soon became unbearable In 2008 , she was accepted into National Institutes of Health 's Undiagnosed Diseases Program
CNN  -- A South Korean navy ship sank in the Yellow Sea near North Korea late Friday , and the navy shot at an unidentified ship toward the north , according to reports quoting South Korean government officials . Yon-hap News Agency quoted Navy officials saying Friday that a ship carrying 104 crew members sank off the Seoul-controlled island of Baengnyeong in a flashpoint maritime border area between the Koreas . The 1,500-ton Cheonan went down at 9:45 p.m. near the island , but the cause of the incident was not immediately known , the officials said . South Korean President Lee Myung-bak ordered a "  quick and thorough " investigation Saturday into what caused the ship to sink , keeping in mind "  all possibilities , " his office said , according to Yonhap . A rescue operation was under way , with the Navy telling Yonhap it had rescued 58 crew members but it feared others may be dead . The South Korean government issued a statement saying the reason for the incident remains unclear , but it was n't ruling out some sort of military engagement . An explosion had occurred in the rear of the ship , leaving a large hole in the ship 's underwater hull , officials told Yonhap . A U.S. State Department spokesman said Friday that there was no evidence North Korea was behind the incident . "  Let 's not jump to conclusions here , " said the spokesman , Philip J. Crowley , when asked about possible North Korean involvement . "  I 'm not aware of any evidence to that effect , but I think the authoritative source here would be the South Korean government . " Yonhap quoted South Korean naval officials as saying a South Korean vessel fired at a ship toward the north later . However , South Korean government officials said it is n't certain whether North Korea was involved in the incident . Yonhap said local residents reported hearing gunfire for about 10 minutes . As a result of the incident , South Korean government officials held an emergency meeting of ministers handling security-related matters , officials told Yonhap . South Korea 's Korean Broadcasting System said Navy vessels and helicopters were rescuing crew members , some of whom reportedly jumped into the sea after the blast , the KBS report said . The official said the Sockcho , another South Korean navy vessel patrolling nearby , fired at unidentified ships north of the area . U.S. military officials told CNN a South Korean vessel sank . North Korea has said recently it is bulking up its defenses in response to recent joint South Korean-U.S. military drills , Yonhap reported . The news agency also quoted South Korean military officials saying North Korea conducted dozens of artillery firing drills Friday .	NEW : South Korean president orders "  quick and thorough " investigation Korean media reports 58 of 104 crew members rescued Navy fired on an unidentified ship toward the north , Yonhap reports Officials say an explosion occurred at ship 's stern but cause remains unclear Seoul government says it is n't clear if a North Korean vessel was involved in the incident
CNN  -- Whose side are you on ? A : I do n't like hockey . "  I ca n't see the puck . " "  Too many fights . " "  I do n't get the rules . " "  I ca n't name a player except that Wayne what 's - his-name . Gatsby . " Or : B : I like hockey . "  A lot better in person than on TV . " "  Baseball 's SO slow . " "  Basketball 's all guys 8 feet tall . " "  I would n't watch soccer if you paid me . " Me , I am B. Hockey and I are old friends . I grew up in Chicago , right now the hottest town on ice . I also lived in Detroit , the self-named "  Hockeytown , USA . " I now reside in Los Angeles , current home of the game 's Stanley Cup . That 's the trophy that goes to the championship team , for those of you who would n't know a Stanley Cup from a sippy cup . The Chicago Blackhawks have been in the news . Why ? Well , that 's a good question . Because they win a lot ? Uh , kind of . Because they do n't lose ? Er , technically , no . I will try to explain it if you 've got a couple of minutes to kill . Which is also a hockey thing ... killing a couple of minutes while a guy 's in a penalty box . Chicago 's record is 21-0 . That 's how it looks in the National Hockey League 's standings , at least . W 21 , L 0 . Are the Blackhawks unbeaten ? Um , no . Bleacher Report : Top 25 all-time Chicago Blackhawks It 's a little complicated . A hockey game no longer can end in a tie . It uses an overtime period to break a tie . If that does n't work , a "  shootout " is held , similar to soccer 's . One-on-one vs. a goaltender until someone wins . As a reward for extending a game to overtime , a team is given a bonus point by the NHL . So , even if you lose a game in extra time -- as the Blackhawks have -- you did n't "  lose . " Already knew that ? Hey , you obviously know your hockey ! Quick trivia question : A team in Ohio is called the Columbus Blue Jackets . True or false ? If you are into pucks , you might be aware that the Blackhawks put together a pretty cool 30-game streak over a span of two seasons without being defeated in three 20-minute periods . Chicago is aware . Chicago 's on fire . The team is the talk of the town . Cubs , schmubs . On national TV 's sports news , the two smokin ' - hot teams have been basketball 's Miami Heat  beating almost everybody they play  and hockey 's Blackhawks  kinda sorta technically not losing to anybody they play  . I suppose you have heard of Miami 's basketball star . His name is LeBron James . He grew up in Ohio , where he never once wanted to grow up to be a Blue Jacket . But he did tweet that the Blackhawks are AWESOME . I do not know if you know who Chicago 's hockey stars are . One of them is Jonathan Toews , which is pronounced "  Taves , " not toes , not tweeze . He went to the University of North Dakota , as most great athletes do .  OK , maybe not "  most . " Another one is Marian Hossa , which is pronounced "  Ho Sa , " not hoss sa , not hah sa . He is from Stara Lubovna , Slovakia , where everybody probably watches him on CNN with no clue who LeBron James is . A definite one is Patrick Kane , as in Citizen . He was born and raised in Buffalo , New York , where a boy is so lucky because he can play ice hockey outdoors 10 to 11 months a year . Bleacher Report : Why the 2013 Chicago Blackhawks will go down as one of the best teams ever Together with some sharp teammates , not the least of whom is Patrick Sharp , these guys have got Chicago rocking and rolling . From the time tenor Jim Cornelison operatically belts out our national anthem  or Canada 's  to the times they pump up the volume to "  Chelsea Dagger " by the Fratellis to celebrate a Blackhawk goal , a home game at the United Center is usually loud , usually SRO and usually bigger than Bieber and Beyonce rolled into one . If I exaggerate , sue me . I checked with Jay Blunk to find out just how big things there are . Jay is the team 's executive vice president "  We 've been very fortunate to experience unprecedented television ratings , " he told me Wednesday . "  Merchandise sales have accelerated . The NHL announced that Jonathan Toews ' jersey sales were the number one-selling jersey in the country for the month of February . We also just passed the 200 consecutive-game sellout mark . Tickets have become some of the hottest regular season tickets in history . " If he exaggerates -- and I doubt it -- do n't sue me . I 'm enjoying this too much . You see , it was n't so long ago my boyhood favorites the Blackhawks were skating on  insert "  thin ice " cliche here  . They looked as dead in the water as a cruise ship . A great organization had become disorganized . A popular team to watch had disappeared off the radar . A team born in 1926 had turned into the Walking Dead  on skates  . Chicagoans lost interest . They had Ditka 's Da Bears , followed by Jordan 's Da Bulls , followed by a 2003 Cubs team that could have won the World Series and a 2005 White Sox team that did . I moved back there in 2003 . The bad Blackhawk team of 2003-04 played in 74 games and won 20 . ESPN the Magazine ranked it 119th of 120 franchises in all of sports , in terms of ownership , fan relations , players , coaching , intangibles such as "  bang for your buck , " ahead of only the Houston Texans , a new pro football team with zero dark history . Home games were n't even shown on TV . On the nightly news , sportscasters gave time to highlights from games of the Chicago Wolves , a minor-league team , almost as much as they did the Blackhawks . Hey , if I liked minor-league hockey , I 'd live in Rockford . I seldom saw anybody in a Blackhawk jersey go out in public anymore , except maybe Mike Myers from "  Wayne 's World . " The 2004-05 season did n't happen . A union war broke out , and the NHL 's whole season was wiped out . Chicago basically yawned . The Blackhawks had n't won a Stanley Cup since 1961 . That was their first since 1938 . Bleacher Report : How will history view this team ? I was a hockey guy . I was n't just familiar with old-time hockey names such as Bobby Hull . I knew Kenny Wharram and Ab McDonald and "  Moose " Vasko and Bill Hay . I thought of them as other Chicago sports fans might think of a Dick Butkus or an Ernie Banks . So you can see , almost as exciting as winning 2010 's Stanley Cup was , why the 2013 superstart of the Blackhawks is a sight to behold . Los Angeles finally cracked the ice ceiling in 2012 with the Kings ' first championship , which was a pleasure to watch . I have a daughter who recently asked whether I could get her hockey tickets . She did n't want One Direction or Lady Gaga . She wanted Kings versus Red Wings . I was so proud . Hockey is n't for everybody . It 's just for us cool people . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mike Downey .	The Chicago Blackhawks are on a winning streak Mike Downey : Home games are "  bigger than Bieber and Beyonce rolled into one " Downey remembers when local Chicago TV stations did n't even carry Blackhawks games Before 2010 , the Blackhawks had n't won a Stanley Cup since 1961
Two young women , both in their teens , were shot in a small south Texas town over the weekend . The police chief of the town said the incident -- which left one victim dead and the other clinging to life -- did not appear to be a random attack . "  This particular case , it does have some of the earmarks of a targeted attack , " Chief Randy Wright of Portland told local station KZTV . Wright told CNN on Monday night the two friends were "  found by two visitors to the park Saturday morning . " Murders are not common in the town of about 16,000 , just north of Corpus Christi . The last took place two years ago , Wright said . In the latest incident , the young women were found in an observation platform of an overlook at a park , the police chief said . Authorities believe they were shot sometime late Friday night or early Saturday morning . One of the victims , 19-year-old Mollie Olgin , was pronounced dead after the shooting . The second , Mary Kristene Chapa , 18 , was in serious condition at a local hospital with a gunshot wound to the head . "  We have not been able to take a formal statement from Chapa as she is receiving medical care , " Wright said . One of Chapa 's former teachers is helping to organize a blood drive on her behalf . "  We are a very close-knit community and when news of the shooting spread through our town , everyone wanted to help , " said Mary Lankford , who taught Chapa at Sinton High School . Witnesses told police they saw a dark-colored vehicle leaving the scene . But beyond that , detectives have little to go on . The FBI is assisting in the case , according to Shauna Dunlap , special agent and spokeswoman for the FBI in Houston . "  I 've been trying to think of anybody I know that would try and hurt them for any reason , " Samantha Garrett , Olgin 's roommate , told KZTV . "  And not one person has ever come to mind . " Ex-Florida principal accused of fatally stabbing 2 in violent crime spree	FBI is assisting local police in the case One victim died , the other is in serious condition The last murder in Portland , Texas , occurred two years ago
TIME.com  -- At every election , California 's ballot is filled with initiatives , but none received more attention this year than Proposition 37 . After the polls closed , Prop 37 -- also known as the "  Right To Know " initiative to require labeling of foods that have been genetically modified -- failed to pass . If approved , California would have been the first state to require such labeling for foods sold in the state , and would have prohibited products containing genetically modified ingredients to be labeled or marketed as "  natural . " Although the issue was ostensibly about food , the debate over Prop 37 quickly became political in recent months , with grassroots-based food purists supporting the measure and a well-funded agriculture and industry opposition campaigning against its passage . As the San Francisco Chronicle reports , Prop. 37 opponents , largely from industry and agriculture , raised over $ 45 million while the Vote Yes campaign , which was largely backed by consumer groups and the organic industry , raised about $ 6.7 million . TIME.com : Prop. 37 : Why California 's ballot initiative on GM food is about politics more than science "  We 've said from the beginning of this campaign that the more voters learned about Prop 37 , the less they 'd like it . We did n't think they 'd like the lawsuits , more bureaucracy , higher costs and loopholes and exemptions . It looks like they do n't , " the No on Prop. 37 spokeswoman Kathy Fairbanks told the Associated Press . Prop 37 supporters argued that citizens have the right to know what 's in their food and make educated decisions on what to feed their families , especially since long-term health effects are hazy . They wanted to see labeling , according to the ballot initiative , either on the front or back of packages "  if the food is made from plants or animals with genetic material changed in specified ways . " Opponents from the biotech industry and Big Ag companies like Monsanto called the labeling deceptive and argued it would stigmatize foods that scientific evidence shows is not harmful . They also estimated that the cost of the labeling requirement would trickle down to California households , forcing families to pay $ 400 more in grocery bills each year . As TIME 's EcoCentric noted , however , that figure , which became a highly debated part of the campaign , assumes manufacturers would be replacing currently unlabeled genetically modified  GM  products rather than slapping new labels on them . TIME.com : Making sense of food labels In the end , however , public health experts hope that it was the science that helped voters to make their decision . So far , there is little evidence suggesting that GM foods pose any harms to people that would warrant a label informing them of the modification . Major medical groups like the World Health Organization and the American Medical Association , in addition to the American Association for the Advancement of Science note that people have been eating genetically modified foods  about 85 % of corn sold in the U.S. are man-made hybrids  for nearly 20 years with no serious adverse effects . So what is the push for labeling really about ? In California in particular , it may be about a new-found appreciation for issues that many of us take for granted , including sustainable farming and animal rights . Opinion : Kids take up fight for ` real food ' In the New York Times Sunday Magazine , writer Michael Pollan says the movement has "  revitalized local farming and urban communities and at the same time raised the bar on the food industry , which now must pay attention  or at least lip service  to things like sustainable farming and the humane treatment of animals . " He also admits the movement still has hurdles before it can establish itself as a campaign that will appeal to enough people to pass as a ballot initiative . But despite the defeat , the Prop 37 supporters see the campaign as a victory of sorts . "  Prop 37 is a really important and historic opportunity for an emerging food movement . It will fundamentally change the conversation about food and agriculture here in the U.S. , " says Dave Murphy , founder of Food Democracy Now . "  It will also change how food companies have to respond to the millions and millions of Americans across the country who want to know what they 're eating . " TIME.com : Vital farms : Raising the ultra-organic egg Murphy says the campaign has highlighted Americans ' increasing distrust of the food industry and the lack of transparency surrounding what goes into the food they eat . Given that 50 countries already label GM foods in Europe , Australia , Japan , Russia and China , he hopes American skepticism will continue to hold food manufacturers accountable . "  We have a massive social movement for change to achieve labeling of genetically engineered foods in the United States . We understand that -LSB- this -RSB- loss ... that 's politics . The largest , most powerful corporations have spent millions of dollars to deceive the California voters , " he says . More states will consider labeling laws in coming years , and Washington state and Oregon will likely have ballot propositions in the next two years . "  We will go to Washington and demand labeling from the next administration . We are not going away . We are just getting started , " says Murphy . This story was initially published on TIME.com . California fails to pass GM foods labeling initiative	The debate over Proposition 37 became political in recent months Supporters argue citizens have the right to know what 's in their food Opponents say it would stigmatize foods evidence shows are not harmful
New York  CNN  -- Actor Alec Baldwin was arrested Tuesday and issued two summonses -- one for disorderly conduct -- after riding a bicycle the wrong way on a New York street , police said . The "  30 Rock " star allegedly became angry and started yelling at police after they asked him for identification to give him a summons , police said . The other summons was for riding a bike against the flow of traffic . Baldwin is to appear in court July 24 . "  Police stated that he got belligerent and started arguing with them and using profanity , " Deputy Chief Kim Y. Royster said . Baldwin was not carrying identification and police took him into custody , police said . The actor reportedly became angry at the officers , yelling "  Give me the summons already , " a law enforcement official said . After his release , Baldwin took to Twitter , posting the badge number of the officer he said arrested him and saying , "  photographers outside my home ONCE AGAIN terrified my daughter and nearly hit her with a camera . The police did nothing . " In another tweet , he lamented , "  New York City is a mismanaged carnival of stupidity that is desperate for revenue and anxious to criminalize behavior once thought benign . " Once in custody , Baldwin was taken to a nearby precinct , where he reportedly asked the desk supervisor : "  How old are these officers , that they do n't know who I am ? " according to a law enforcement official . Baldwin was stopped for riding a bicycle the wrong way on Fifth Avenue and 16th Street , police said . In a statement , a representative for Baldwin said , "  He is back home with his family . " This follows an incident last year that sparked media attention . In November , Baldwin made headlines after chasing a photographer outside his Manhattan apartment and using an anti-gay slur toward the man , according to TMZ . "  Get away from my wife and the baby with the camera , " said Baldwin , who could be heard yelling on video taken of the incident . Baldwin later posted a statement on MSNBC 's website saying , "  I did not intend to hurt or offend anyone with my choice of words , but clearly I have -- and for that I am deeply sorry . Words are important . I understand that , and will choose mine with great care going forward . " Last August , Baldwin was photographed holding a photographer 's arms behind his back and pinning him over the hood of a parked car . Baldwin and the photographer called 911 , but no charges were filed . In 2012 , a New York Daily News photographer accused Baldwin of assault . Baldwin said the photographer bumped him with his camera . In February : Baldwin says goodbye to ` public life ' Angry rants bring end to Baldwin MSNBC show Baldwin apologizes for anti-gay slur CNN 's Ray Sanchez contributed to this report .	New : After arrest Baldwin tweets NYC "  is a mismanaged carnival of stupidity " Baldwin was arrested for riding bike the wrong way in Manhattan , police say The actor reportedly became angry and yelled at officers , police say "  How old are these officers , that they do n't know who I am ? " he told police , an official said
CNN  -- President Obama has decided to move ahead with a variety of gun control measures , and Sen. Dianne Feinstein has proposed a new assault weapons ban . While Washington debates new proposals on gun control , attention also needs to focus on obstacles to effective enforcement of existing gun laws , including the ban imposed by Congress on the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives creating a federal database of firearms transactions . A discussion of the origin of that ban , which was initially enacted in response to a proposal made when I served as the assistant Treasury secretary overseeing the bureau , is useful to a better understanding of the dynamics of the debate over specific gun control proposals . Sadly , both then and now , logic often loses out . Early in 1978 , the proposal we developed was relatively simple : Manufacturers , wholesalers and retailers would file reports of sales of firearms with the bureau , but to avoid the argument that the bureau was impermissibly creating a national registry of gun owners , retailers would not be required to list the name of the retail purchaser . The rationale for creating a centralized firearms transaction database was twofold . First , it would speed up the ability to trace guns found at crime scenes , since even with the less sophisticated technology then available , such traces would still be able to be done virtually instantaneously . Gun control advocates march as nation reels from school shootings Second , and even more significant , it would allow the bureau to analyze the flow of firearms to identify potential diversions to the illegal gun market . For example , if a hundred handguns a week were going to one dealer in a small town in Virginia , that would suggest the possibility that guns were being sold illegally by that dealer to individuals smuggling them to New York or other states . By allowing this kind of analysis , the bureau could target investigative resources on dealers mostly likely to be violating the law . Proceeding with what can only be described as youthful naivetÃ © , the day the proposed regulations were published , I convened a briefing for interested parties , including the NRA and other anti-gun control groups . After all , none of these proposals would in any way alter the rules relating to gun ownership . The hope was that understanding the limited nature of the proposal would mute their opposition . I was very wrong . We had to withdraw the proposals , and Congress punitively reduced the bureau 's budget and ultimately banned it from creating such firearms transaction databases . The opposition to the proposed regulations was intense , with opponents writing hundreds of thousands of often angry letters , both to Treasury and to members of Congress . Little of the opposition , however , focused on the actual proposals themselves . One common thread to the opposition was the "  slippery slope argument , " which argued that the regulation would create a centralized list of all gun owners ' names -- which it would not have done -- or would lead to the creation of such a list , which would then enable the government to seize everyone 's weapons and put us on a path to dictatorship . Gun violence measures ? Would they work ? After all , it was argued , this is what the Nazis had done . Another often-used argument was that what we were proposing would not stop all criminals from securing or using firearms , and therefore it was not something worth doing . Arguments like these prevent an honest discussion of any proposal to address the problem of gun violence in America . The assumption that any regulation of firearms sets us on the path to confiscation of weapons is not only ludicrous on its face , it ignores all political reality . And , if the test for any proposal is whether it totally solves the problem being addressed , then no action would be taken addressing so many of society 's important issues . Why require the use of seat belts if wearing a seat belt does not always save a life in an accident ? Why prohibit people from carrying guns onto planes if it does n't eliminate all risk of hijacking ? Why prohibit providing assistance to terrorists if it does n't stop all terrorist acts ? Why require tests for the issuance of driver 's licenses if it does n't stop all accidents ? We require these regulations because they address problems that need to be addressed and because if these regulations can save some lives , they are steps worth taking . So it should be with the gun debate . No proposal , or set of proposals , will ever stop all gun crime . But the 1978 proposals could have stopped some illegal sales of guns by renegade dealers . And things like forced waiting periods for gun purchases , requiring background checks for firearms buyers at gun shows and a ban on assault weapons would certainly save some lives . NRA chief : Obama makes ` mockery ' of American freedoms Maybe it is thousands of lives over time ; maybe it is hundreds . But is n't every life saved worth it ? Would it not have been worth it if even some of the lives lost at Sandy Hook could have been saved because the shooter did not have an assault weapon ? Gun control is not the total answer to the problem of mass shootings , but it plainly needs to be part of any meaningful response . Let 's hope that this time the debate on gun control will be a more sensible one . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Richard Davis .	Richard Davis : Modest gun control proposals become focus of attacks He served in Carter administration , proposed firearm transaction database Even though plan would n't have listed gun owners , it was quickly shelved , he says Davis : Let 's make sure reasonable steps do n't fall victim to irrational opposition
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- A law allowing same-sex weddings took effect Thursday in Mexico City , one day after the second same-sex marriage was performed in Argentina . The Mexican measure also allows same-sex couples to adopt children . Mexico City Mayor Marcelo Ebrard has said officials will be prepared to implement the new city law . The Mexican Institute for Sexology , a private educational institution founded in 1979 , held a workshop last month for the 60 Civil Registry judges who will perform the weddings , said Juan Luis Alvarez-Gayou , the institute 's founder and director . Workshops are being held this week for 120 civil court judges who may have to rule on domestic issues after the weddings , Alvarez-Gayou said . The Catholic Church has been opposed to the law , but officials have accepted the measure , the institute director said . "  We have n't had any problems with the judges , " Alvarez-Gayou said . The Mexico City law comes amid the beginning of wider acceptance for same-sex unions in Latin America . In Argentina , Damian Bernath and Jorge Salazar were married Wednesday in a civil ceremony in the nation 's capital , Buenos Aires , the official Telam news agency reported . Judicial measures had prevented gay marriage in Buenos Aires , but a judge issued a ruling last week allowing the two men to marry . It was the second same-sex marriage in Argentina . The previous wedding took place in Tierra del Fuego after two men were denied a permit in Buenos Aires . In that case , a Buenos Aires court had ruled that a ban on same-sex marriage was illegal and ordered the proper authorities to grant the couple a marriage license if they applied for one . On the eve of their December 1 wedding , however , another court filed an injunction , halting the nuptials . In many Latin American jurisdictions , the issue of same-sex marriage is decided on the local and state level .	Measure also allows same-sex couples to adopt children in Mexico 's capital city Workshops held for 120 judges who may have to rule on domestic issues Mexico City law comes as same-sex unions in Latin America slowly gain acceptance On Wednesday , two men were married in civil ceremony in Buenos Aires , Argentina
Fareed Zakaria is a foreign affairs analyst who hosts "  Fareed Zakaria GPS " on CNN at 1 and 5 p.m. ET Sundays . Zakaria says granting autonomy to groups generally produces peace and stability . CNN  -- The Dalai Lama says the key to stopping violence around the world is to stop "  destructive emotion . " In an interview to air Sunday on CNN 's "  GPS , " he tells Fareed Zakaria that he does n't think even Osama bin Laden wished for violence when he was a child but that it grew of out hatred and frustration . The Dalai Lama also addressed relations between Tibet and China in the interview , which Zakaria discussed with CNN . CNN : Why is Tibet such a hot-button issue for China ? Fareed Zakaria : China sees the issue as a separatist movement , as President Lincoln did when the South wanted to secede from the Union . They feel their territorial integrity is being threatened . And Tibetans see their culture , language and religion as being slowly but surely extinguished by the Chinese . CNN : So who 's right ? Zakaria : Well , that depends on who you ask . You need to look at the history to get a complete picture . It all goes back to Genghis Khan , who captured Tibet in 1207 . He united Tibet " with China under the Mongol empire . The Chinese have claimed an unbroken line of sovereignty over Tibet ever since . The Tibetans , however , reject that claim , saying they have been an independent kingdom for many periods during that time , some centuries long . That was the situation until 1912 , when Tibet declared itself an independent republic . China never recognized it , nor did the U.N. or any major Western power . CNN : Well , that seems to indicate that China has a point . Does it ? Zakaria : It 's not so simple , because although China never recognized an independent Tibet , neither did it exercise any control of Tibet . That is , until 1950 , when Chairman Mao sent the Red Army in to liberate -- as the Chinese saw it -- the Tibetan people from the feudal serfdom they were living under . However , the Tibetans saw the act as an invasion , and in 1959 , the political and spiritual leader of the Tibetan people , the Dalai Lama , fled to India , where he set up a government in exile . CNN : So we 've been with the current situation since 1959 . Why has n't there been any resolution ? Zakaria : Well , the Chinese are hoping to wait it out . By letting the issue drag on , they are hoping more and more ethnic Han Chinese move into the region and slowly let the Tibetan freedom movement die out . CNN : Will it work ? Zakaria : That could happen -- and has worked with other regions . But , it could also work the other way . The Chinese sometimes use force , as they did last year against the Tibetan monks , which causes a huge backlash in Tibet and outside . This has resulted in some Tibetans becoming more strident in their calls for independence and aggressive in their demands . However , the Dalai Lama has repeatedly said that he does not seek independence , only cultural autonomy , and urged his followers to engage in no violent protests whatsoever . If there were ever a leader of a separatist group whom one could negotiate with , he 's it . And once the 72-year-old Dalai Lama passes from the scene , Beijing might have to deal with a far more unpredictable and radical Tibetan movement . CNN : Do you think granting what the Dalai Lama is asking for makes sense ? Zakaria : If you look at other cases , such as in Turkey and India , granting autonomy to groups that press for it has in the end produced a more stable and peaceful national climate . But that is a lesson the Chinese government will have to learn for itself ; it is unlikely to take instruction from outsiders . CNN : What ultimately causes this age-old mistrust between the Chinese and the Dalai Lama ? What 's the stumbling block that keeps them from finding resolution ? Zakaria : The Chinese government has always believed that when the Dalai Lama speaks of "  autonomy , " what he really means is independence , a sovereign nation for Tibet . I asked the Dalai Lama about this , and he denied it vehemently . He insists that Tibetans would truly be content to live within the Chinese system , as citizens of its government , as long as they are allowed to preserve their culture and practice their religion . It is difficult to see how this gap -- the difference in perception between the two sides -- can be bridged . E-mail me gps@cnn.com to let me know your thoughts .	Zakaria : Tibetans see culture , language , religion as being extinguished by China "  You need to look at the history to get a complete picture , " he says In 1912 , Tibet declared itself independent , but China never recognized it as such Dalai Lama does not seek Tibetan independence , just cultural autonomy
CNN  -- One was a quadriplegic who controlled the steering with his breath , the other a former wheelchair basketball Paralympian who took up sailing only two years ago . But together they secured the first Paralympic sailing gold medal at London 2012 , and all with one race to spare . Wednesday saw the Australian pair of Daniel Fitzgibbon and Liesl Tesch clinch victory in the two-person keelboat class , as they built an unassailable lead going into today 's final day of racing . The medal continued Australia 's blistering form in sailing at the London games . In July they won four golds , topping the medal table . But this gold could be their most impressive yet , exhibiting not just great sailing prowess , but the latest in Paralympic technology -- enabling those with the most severe disabilities to compete at the highest level . Paralympics sailor : ` My disability is a gift ' Fitzgibbon only has limited movement in his arms and none in his legs after breaking his back falling off a jetty when he was 21 years old . But technology has allowed him to compete at this year 's games , helping him to steer his specially adapted boat . "  As part of Paralympic sailing an important aspect is the seating ... so we worked hard on that and we have some nifty systems in it , " he explained to the Australian press before leaving for London . One of those "  nifty systems " is the sip and puff system that allows him greater control steering his boat by blowing or sucking into a specially adapted straw that then interprets his signals . "  With my hands  all I have to do is push and pull , just like a tractor , it 's made out of light weight carbon fiber too ... My hands are strapped in so I need to find a way of controlling  the boat  so we came up with this sip and puff system . " Technological breakthrough Yet sailing at the Paralympics is still a relatively new phenomenon . The sport was only introduced at the Sydney games in 2000 after a successful trial at Atlanta four years previously . More than 80 sailors have taken part in over six days of competition , in three separate classes culminating in today 's final crucial races . But , perhaps inevitably , Paralympic sailing is a complicated sport to both compete in and to judge . Both men and women sail in the same classes but are classified by the severity of their disability -- an issue that has caused many controversies both at this Paralympics and in disabled sport in general . A score of one is given to most severely disabled , seven for the least . "  We have classifiers who are physios and doctors , but they know all about the rules of sailing , " explained Linda Merkle , president of the International Association for Disabled Sailors . "  When we selected the particular boat  class to be raced at the Paralympics  we said that one should be female and the other male and that one has to be a class one or two disability , like being a quadrapligic . The more severely disabled sailor tends to be on the helm . " But it has been the technological advances in recent years that have allowed the more severely disabled sailors compete . "  It is the adaptations  to the boat  that allow them to compete and have an even level , " says Merkle . "  With the sonar  boats  , disabled sailors are not able to get from one side to the other . So now there 's a transferring seat -- a ` traveler ' -- so the sailor can now move more freely . The adaptations have really allowed them to compete , and compete in able-bodied sailing too . " The freedom of the sea The final day of competition is likely to be the most watched event in Paralympic sailing history . Only a handful of nations compete and Merkle wants to capitalize on the sport 's growing success . "  We also include people with visual impairments and we are now folding blind sailing into the sport , " Merkle said . "  We are growing and we do have a development segment of our organization to help countries to move in and spread the word . " That should not be too difficult to achieve . After all , disabled sailing is an easier sell than many sports given that it has one huge advantage over the others : the freedom of the sea . "  That 's the beauty of sailing , " says Merkle . "  You feel free . And when you come to the Paralympic sailing you ca n't see what the disabilities are . "  It gives you freedom and the ability to compete . " Follow the final day 's Paralympic sailing action on our live blog -- as the Australians compete with Germany , France and the USA for the top spot .	Australian pair of Fitzgibbon and Tesch guaranteed sailing gold on final day Paralympic Basketball medalist Tesch only took up sailing two years ago Quadriplegic sailor Fitzgibbon uses technology to be able to compete
CNN  -- An inch of rain does n't sound like a lot . But in parts of the flooded Midwest , it 's enough to make a bad situation worse . In Illinois on Tuesday , residents braced for the extra inch , which will delay any reduction in floodwaters that have ravaged dozens of counties , forcing thousands of residents from their homes . As rivers across the heartland swelled during the past two weeks , rising water was blamed for four deaths . Flooding threatens rivers in Illinois , Missouri , Iowa , Indiana , North Dakota , Mississippi and Michigan , according to the National Weather Service . Along the mighty Mississippi , flood watches stretch as far south as Louisiana . Although flooding is expected all along the river , experts do n't expect the catastrophic levels of two years ago , when levees were breached . The flooding was so grave in 2011 that authorities purposely flooded thousands of square miles of Louisiana to spare city centers . Residents in North Dakota are bracing for flooding , too , as the overflowing Red River flows toward Fargo . The city has begun a three-day push to truck sandbags into low-lying areas . Police cars are escorting the semi-trailer trucks as they head to the locations , CNN affiliate KVLY reported . Conditions could get worse : Additional rain could speed up the melting of snow , making the river rise even faster . Starlynn Winchell stared Tuesday as the Illinois River rushed up against her home in Spring Bay , Illinois . "  The more I see the water come up , the more I 'll cry , " she said . At least six rivers in northern Illinois have surged to record levels in recent days after the area was deluged with 5 inches of rain . Flooding in Illinois alone has displaced thousands and prompted Gov. Pat Quinn to declare 44 counties as disaster areas . In Peoria , residents may have narrowly missed a crisis . The Illinois River is forecast to crest Tuesday afternoon at 29.4 feet , a record height . At 30 feet , the water would have topped a levee at a sewage treatment plant -- sending raw sewage spilling into the river . The good news is the flooding wo n't be as bad because of last year 's drought . "  Experts told us the drought might have helped us a little bit , " said Patti Thompson , a spokeswoman with the Illinois Emergency Management Agency . "  We did have so much more capacity for the water to be absorbed into the ground . " Thompson said the state was in variety of stages of dealing with the high water . Some counties were seeing water starting to recede and could start cleanup , while others were working feverishly to strengthen protection measures . Those areas expect to see rising river levels for the next several days , she said . Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon declared a state of emergency there after many areas of the state were stricken by flash flooding . "  The sustained periods of heavy rainfall  have  swollen creeks and streams and is pushing the Mississippi River over flood levels , endangering river communities , " Nixon said . Winchell , the Spring Bay resident , said her northern Illinois town of fewer than 500 has been devastated . The deluge in her trailer community began Sunday , she said , when floodwaters submerged her home and about 40 others . By Monday , dark , murky water had risen to some homes ' doorsteps . Flooding has cut Winchell off from access to her home . "  Yesterday , I cried all day , " she said . Brad Lohman , who owns a bar in the town , was also hit hard . "  It 's kind of emotional to see this situation , and it 's a bad deal , " he said , looking at the waters that rose close to window level . Lohman worked at the bar when he was a teenager and eventually bought it . But this flood may be the end . He doubts he can reopen . "  I think it 's going be a total loss , " he said , "  I really do . " The rain and flooding caused three deaths last week and a fourth Sunday , local authorities and news media reported . In DuPage County , Illinois , a body was found floating in Salt Creek last week , the local sheriff 's office said . Authorities were working to identify it . A woman in De Soto , Missouri , drowned last week after her vehicle washed off a road , CNN affiliate KSDK reported . Two fatalities were reported in Arcadia , Indiana . On Thursday , a 64-year-old man died after attempting to cross high water in his car . The water swept him off a roadway and dragged him downstream , Hamilton County Sheriff 's Office said . CNN 's Jim Spellman contributed to this report .	NEW : Illinois official says flooding could have been worse if not for drought Rain delays a reduction in water levels in areas hit hard by flooding Fargo , North Dakota , is preparing for flooding The rain and flooding have caused four deaths , local authorities and news media say
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- A series of recent fires in at least five detention centers around the country has raised questions about living conditions in Turkey 's prison system . Late Saturday night a fire broke out in the dormitory of a prison in the southeastern province of Sanliurfa . The fire claimed the lives of 13 prisoners and injured five others before authorities successfully extinguished the blaze . Prisoners reportedly set fire to their mattresses to protest cramped and unsuitable living conditions . A day after the first protest blaze was put out , prisoners in the same prison once again set fires in the dormitories , this time injuring 42 , according to the semi-official Anatolian Agency . The latest prison fire occurred Tuesday in the southern province of Karaman . There were no casualties but inmates had to be evacuated to the prison yard . On Monday , similar fires were reported at other detention facilities , including prisons in Gaziantep , Adana and Osmaniye . "  Overcrowding is the primary problem , " said Ozturk Turkdogan , president of the Human Rights Foundation in Turkey , or IHD , pointing out that the Sanliurfa prison is equipped to house 375 prisoners but currently houses nearly 1,200 . The cell where the fire started was furnished with six beds but housed 18 prisoners , according to an IHD report . "  When I was in the prison , at first we were six people in a six-person room , which was fine . But then , two by two they put more people in . Ultimately , we were 14 people living in the room , " said Cemal Babaoglu , who spent three months in the prison last year awaiting trial . Such overcrowding is not a new problem in Turkey , according to officials . "  This is a problem that evolves from the past  but is  getting smaller as  we  head into the future . The steps that we have taken in order to minimize and eventually eliminate the problem are evident , " said Justice Minister Sadullah Ergin at a press conference on Tuesday . Turkey is in the process of upgrading its prison system and will increase its capacity nearly twofold by 2017 , according to officials . The primary reason for overcrowding in Turkish prisons is a judicial system that errs on the side of detention rather than releasing the accused on bail before and during legal proceedings , and a new penal code that has lengthened prison sentences . According to the justice ministry , 27.5 % of prisoners are detainees awaiting the outcome of their trials . But Turkdogan maintains that 41 % of all prisoners in Turkey are either awaiting trial or a decision from an appellate court , a situation made more problematic , he says , by the fact that over half of appealed convictions are eventually overturned . According to Human Rights Watch researcher Emma Sinclair-Webb , it is not only the problem of overcrowding , which is present in many of the world 's penal systems , but also the lack of transparency that prevents prison conditions in Turkey from conforming to accepted international standards . "  Human rights groups and  nongovernmental organizations  can not visit prisons easily without lengthy procedures , " said Sinclair-Webb . "  Turkey lacks a regular system of independent monitors . " Experts who are in the best position to identify and prevent hazardous conditions are thus unable to make firsthand observations , reducing pressure that might otherwise accelerate improvements to basic necessities such as medical care and infrastructure . "  The capacity to respond to these complaints , to take measures to prevent the kind of tragedy that happened at the  Sanliurfa  prison , we are not seeing at the moment , " said Sinclair-Webb . Sanliurfa prison has been in the headlines before . After his requests for a transfer were denied , an inmate who lit himself on fire in protest of living conditions died in July 2010 .	A weekend fire at one prison in Turkey killed 13 inmates Prisoners reportedly set fire to their mattresses to protest living conditions An activist says the prison is nearly four times over its intended capacity Government officials say Turkey is upgrading its prison system
Abu Dhabi , UAE  CNN  -- A United Arab Emirates court convicted dozens Tuesday in a high-profile case against 94 people charged with plotting to overthrow the government . More than two dozen of those who stood trial were acquitted , according to state media . It was a trial that drew criticism from international rights groups , who accused UAE authorities of "  serious pretrial violations of fair trial rights . " The Supreme Federal Court in Abu Dhabi sentenced eight people in absentia to 15 years in prison , while 56 of the suspects were handed 10-year prison sentences , five were sentenced to seven years in prison , and 25 , including all 12 women in the , case were acquitted . Financial assets belonging to some of those convicted have also been confiscated , according to the state news agency , WAM . The court also ordered the shutdown of a number of organizations and websites that seem to be associated with the accused . According to the country 's Ministry of Justice , the sentences in the state security trial that lasted four months can not be appealed . The 94 , all UAE nationals , were facing various charges including establishment of a clandestine organization aiming to overthrow the government . The charges , according to judicial authorities , stem from Article 180 of the country 's penal code , which bans "  establishing , instituting , founding , organizing , administering or joining an association , corporation , organization or any branch thereof , with the aim of overthrowing the regime of the State " The group is also accused of having links to Egypt 's Muslim Brotherhood , an organization prohibited in the UAE . "  They launched , established and ran an organization seeking to oppose the basic principles of the UAE system of governance and to seize power , " Attorney General Salem Saeed Kubaish said in a January statement published by state media . Recent statements by Human Rights Watch said many of the 94 are members of a local "  non-violent group that has been engaged in peaceful political debate in the UAE for many years and advocates greater adherence to Islamic precepts . " Human Rights Watch , Amnesty International and other watchdog groups have described the mass trial as unfair . The groups have also accused authorities of abusing the detainees . According to Human Rights Watch , the defendants included two prominent human rights lawyers , as well as judges , teachers and student leaders . Rights groups have accused the country 's judicial authorities of carrying out a trial shrouded in secrecy by not allowing international journalists and observers to cover the hearings . Local media and observers have had access to trial sessions . Authorities have maintained that the trial has been a fair and transparent one . "  As per the UAE constitution and law , the Ministry of Justice stated that the court 's transparency , fairness and independence were upheld , with more than 500 observers in attendance at each court hearing , including family members of the defendants , representatives of the national media " in addition to a local rights group , the Ministry of Justice said in a statement reported by WAM . It also said those attending were "  given all judicial and administrative guarantees to carry out their activities without restrictions within the provisions of law . " Before handing down the verdicts , the judge read a statement defending the fairness of the proceedings . In the statement , also carried by the state news agency , the judge said that throughout the proceedings , the defendants were allowed to defend themselves and counter any of the evidence presented against them transparently , and the trial adjourned for the verdict only after both sides presented their cases . Many believe UAE authorities are clamping down on the freedom of expression in reaction to the Arab Spring that swept across the Middle East starting in early 2011 . Unelected ruling families in oil-rich Gulf countries such as Bahrain , Qatar , Saudi Arabia and Kuwait have sought to prevent popular uprisings . But countries such as Bahrain have also received criticism for their heavy-handed use of force . While there has been little protest in the majority Sunni and hugely wealthy UAE , some believe authorities were taking no chances .	Sixty-nine people are sentenced to prison , eight of them in absentia They allegedly set up an organization aimed at overthrowing the government Human rights groups say it is a crackdown on freedoms after the Arab Spring
New York  CNN  -- When Republican presidential candidate and tea party favorite Michele Bachmann was recently asked by Fox News ' Chris Wallace if she was "  a flake , " the moment seemed like déjà vu all over again for some women active in politics . Bachmann 's response -- she was "  insulted " -- was stern , but it pointed to a larger bias many women perceive in presidential politics . "  Nobody in the GOP establishment is going to hand anything to Bachmann or  Sarah  Palin -- just like  Democrats  did not for Hillary  Clinton  , " said Amy Siskind , who supported Hillary Clinton 's 2008 presidential bid . "  And it takes a certain type of leader to go out there and have the courage and the guts to say ` I 'm running  for president  ' and I admire Bachmann for that . " After Clinton 's failed Oval Office bid , Siskind and a small group of women who had supported Clinton decided the best way to break the glass ceiling in presidential politics was to put ideology and partisanship aside and support any woman seeking a top political office -- including Bachmann and Palin , two darlings of the tea party movement known for their conservative views on economic and social issues . But some Democratic leaders dismissed the idea , arguing the electorate is more sophisticated . "  Women do n't support women candidates simply because of their status as women , simply because of their gender , " said Rep. Debbie Wasserman-Schultz , head of the Democratic National Committee . Siskind , who has voted Democrat in the past , helped found The New Agenda , a nonpartisan women 's advocacy group that united many women who were disappointed after Clinton 's defeat . "  We decided that in order to take women forward , " said Siskind , "  we would have to be a voice for all women -- so put political party and the issue of abortion aside because those were the two issues that were dividing women in half . " "  So , for us it was a business model : How can you have a women 's movement that excludes half the women ? " added Siskind . In the 2008 general election , women voted overwhelmingly for Democrat Barack Obama for president , picking him 56 % to 43 % over Republican John McCain , according to CNN exit polls . Going hard after Democrats Before the new group even got formally off the ground in mid-2008 , its nucleus of Hillary Clinton supporters was courted by John McCain 's campaign , according to Siskind . "  McCain sent  former California Republican senatorial candidate  Carly Fiorina to my home , " said Siskind , who used to trade distressed debt on Wall Street , "  to meet with a lot of the women that then became The New Agenda to say : What would you want to get McCain 's support ? " "  One of the things we asked for was to have a woman on the ticket , " said Siskind , "  and Sarah Palin actually was on our short list  of six women  . We did research and learned about her . " When then-Alaska Gov. Palin burst onto the national political stage soon after Clinton formally ended her presidential aspirations , Siskind and Lara Brown , another 2008 Clinton supporter , saw how Palin was falling victim to sexist treatment just as Clinton had . Brown is an assistant professor of political science at Villanova University whose research has focused on candidates for the presidency . She described Palin in 2008 as "  a completely different candidate  from Clinton  " who got "  a completely different sexist barrage of commentary . " What was behind the treatment of both Clinton and Palin that at least some political observers viewed as sexist or misogynistic ? "  The system that 's the problem here , the system that 's the barrier is , broadly , patriarchy , " said Caroline Heldman , an associate professor at Occidental College . "  But , more specifically , when women run for public office , the press is more likely to talk about their dress and appearance , more likely to challenge their competency , more likely to talk about them in kind of ` first woman ' terms or like they 're oddities or benchwarmers instead of actual candidates . " Heldman noticed that both Clinton and Palin tried to project a public image during the 2008 race that was simultaneously masculine enough to justify being selected as the next president or vice president and feminine enough to satisfy traditional gender roles . "  Clinton  wore pants suits with pearls . ... She was properly masculine and properly feminine , " said Heldman . "  Clinton  did this performance and it did n't quite work . And then Palin is doing this performance where she is taking the line between masculine and feminine and she takes a wide stance . She 's hyper-masculine ... and then she 's also hyper-feminine . ... She was still beaten up .  Palin  provided kind of a different brand or approach than Hillary Clinton and it did n't matter . " Bachmann facing same stigma ? Years after Clinton and Palin sought the White House , Bachmann is already starting to encounter some of the same challenges as a female candidate . "  It 's already started with Bachmann , " Heldman said , referencing treatment by the media that she considers sexist . "  The Chris Wallace question was insulting , " said Bachmann campaign spokeswoman Alice Stewart . "  Congresswoman Bachmann is a serious candidate . She 's an extremely intelligent person . She 's successful in her personal life . ... Professionally , she has been a successful tax attorney , been a successful member in state politics , and a successful member of Congress . She 's a serious , very credible candidate for the president of the United States .  Wallace  apologized , she accepted the apology and we 've put that behind us . " But Amy Kremer , chairman of the Tea Party Express , was less diplomatic . "  I certainly could n't have seen Chris Wallace asking Mitt Romney or Rick Perry or Tim Pawlenty or one of them , ` Are you a flake ? ' " said Kremer . After a breakout performance at the recent CNN Republican debate in New Hampshire , Bachmann has been steadily rising in the polls , particularly with conservative likely GOP caucusgoers in all-important Iowa . The woman who had been brushed aside for a leadership role in the House Republican Caucus after the 2010 midterms now leads in three recent polls , ahead of all the men and in particular , Mitt Romney , who has been called the front-runner by many . Making too much of nothing Have the candidacies of Clinton , Palin and now Bachmann ignited a spark among women across the political spectrum that national Democrats and the Obama re-election campaign should be worried about ? No , said the Democratic National Committee . "  There was a lot made of Sarah Palin being chosen by John McCain and of there being a woman on  the Republican  ticket for the first time in the last election and how attractive that might be especially to Hillary Clinton supporters after the primary ended , " said DNC chair Wasserman-Schultz . "  I thought that was not credible at the time and said so and it turned out not to be credible . " Wasserman-Schultz said women vote on the issues that matter to them and select the candidate who champions those issues . She pointed out that President Obama has signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act , fought for passage of health care legislation that benefits women , has a number of women in his administration and has appointed two women to the U.S. Supreme Court . By contrast , the DNC head said that none of the contenders in the current GOP presidential field has Obama 's track record when it comes to supporting women and working families and championing equal rights for women , both reproductive rights and rights in the workplace . Should Palin choose to run for president in this cycle , Wasserman-Schultz predicted that female voters will reject Palin just as they did in 2008 . That same fate , she added , will befall Bachmann should she win the GOP nomination . No matter how Bachmann ultimately fares , her candidacy -- like Palin 's before her -- seems to be energizing conservative women in particular . Teri Christoph is a co-founder of Smart Girl Politics Action , a group dedicated to getting more conservative women involved in politics and running for office . Christoph said the rise of conservative women on the national political scene in the past few years "  was just the beginning . " "  I think we 'll learn a lot  by  having Michele Bachmann run  for president  about what kind of things conservative women need to be prepared for if they 're going to enter the national spotlight , " said Christoph .	Former Hillary Clinton supporters now impressed by Republican women Bachmann , Palin seen as best way to break the glass ceiling in presidential politics Democrats dismiss interest , pointing to Palin 's defeat in 2008
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Reports of at least 150 Muslims killed in recent religious clashes in Nigeria should be investigated , a human rights group urged Saturday . Witnesses told Human Rights Watch that armed men attacked Kuru Karama in central Nigeria on Tuesday , "  killing many as they tried to flee and burning many others alive , " the international organization said Saturday . The assailants targeted Muslims , reportedly killing at least 150 , Human Rights Watch said . Community leaders from Jos , a city about 19 miles north of Kuru Karama , and journalists told the organization that later in the week they saw dozens of bodies lodged in wells or sewage pits . The bodies of 121 people , including 22 children , had been recovered , the organization said . Most of the homes in the town were burned down , along with three mosques , the group said . Those interviewed by the group said they thought the attackers were Christian , Human Rights Watch said . But even Christians were not spared . When a Christian pastor tried to stop the attacks he was beaten , a Muslim imam told the group . Human Rights Watch called on Vice President Goodluck Jonathan to open a criminal investigation into the deaths based on the reports the groups said were credible . Officials are still tallying death figures in the latest round of violence , said H.A. Angulu , director of public communications for the Ministry of Information and Communications . "  Yes -LSB- the clashes -RSB- occurred , but I can not confirm any numbers , " he told CNN . "  At this time the government is still compiling figures of those people affected and of those displaced in Jos. They are accounting for the deceased and missing . At this time I can not confirm the number of dead . " Earlier this week , dozens were reportedly killed in clashes in Jos. Angulu did not specifically address the reports about Kuru Karama . On Thursday , Jonathan declared in a televised address that the attackers in the state of Plateau would be held accountable , according to Human Rights Watch . Police were called to end the attacks , but they did not , the group reported witnesses as saying . Hundreds have died in clashes between Christians and Muslims in central Plateau state in the past decade . The most populous country in Africa , with a population of more than 150 million , Nigeria is almost evenly divided between Muslims and Christians . With more than 78 million Muslims , it has the sixth largest Islamic population in the world , according to a study last year by the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life . A curfew was imposed Tuesday -- the same day as the reported attack in Kuru Karama -- in Jos after violence flared up there following unrest on Sunday . A local activist said 69 people had been killed and about 600 injured in the most recent outbreak . Thousands more were displaced , seeking shelter in military and police headquarters , said Sani Shehu of the Civil Rights Congress in Jos. There was no independent confirmation of Shehu 's figures . It is unclear what sparked the latest violence . In November 2008 , at least 700 Nigerians died in Christian-Muslim riots that followed a disputed local election , Human Rights Watch reported . CNN 's Andreena Narayan contributed to this report .	At least 150 Muslims reported killed in Christian rampages 121 bodies found stuffed in wells and pits , Human Rights Watch says Group calls on vice president to open investigation of reports Hundreds have been killed in decade of sectarian violence
Vidarbha , India  CNN  Yogita Kanhaiya is expecting a baby soon . She already has a two-year-old son . Her husband , Moreshwor , a cotton farmer , wo n't be around to see his children grown up . He committed suicide early in the pregnancy . Eight years back , Yogita 's father-in-law , also a cotton farmer , took his own life . "  He was in so much debt , " 25-year-old Yogita said of her late husband . "  He was n't getting any money from cotton . He chose death over distress . " It 's a familiar story in families across Western India 's cotton production belt , where , a cotton lobbyist group claims , one cotton farmer commits suicide every eight hours . "  We get reports of two to three farmer suicides every day , " said Kishor Tiwari , leader of the farmers advocacy group , Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti  VJAS  . Vidarbha , in the eastern region of the state of Maharashtra , is known as the epicenter of the suicide crisis . According to VJAS data , some 2,900 farmers from the area have taken their lives since 2013 ; more than 500 have died since the start of this year . There are a number of reasons for the hopelessness among Vidarbha farmers . Unseasonal rain and hail destroyed many crops earlier this year . But they 've also had to contend with the flipside : a plentiful harvest in 2014 drove prices down while production costs rose , leaving many farmers either lacking income or burdened with debt from loans taken out to help keep them afloat . Last year was a record year for cotton production , resulting in a glut of cotton on the world market . India produced 40 million bales of the fiber in 2013/14 crop year , and is the second largest global cotton grower , after China . The record surplus of cotton in the global market pushed down prices hurting farmers , particularly in Vidarbha , which is becoming increasingly reliant on cotton . "  Our land mostly supports only two crops : cotton and soybean . But for the past few years , soybean yield has consistently been decreasing . So we mostly depend on cotton , " said Murali Dhidkar , a local cotton farmer . He said in the past year , cotton prices had halved . "  I 'm getting around 50 dollars per quintal . Just a year ago it was 100 dollars . I 've never seen such a low price . The costs of pesticides , fertilizers and seeds are increasing but the cotton price is falling down . " He points out the dismal condition of debt-ridden farmers like himself in Vidarbha , many of whom are forced to take out loans or give up farming . "  Government officials do not come to the village and listen to our plight . Just a few days ago , my neighbor burnt himself alive , " Dhidkar said . Tiwari , from the farmers advocacy group , said many farmers in Vidarbha had lost hope that the situation would improve . "  It is an epidemic . How many more farmers need to commit suicide before the government steps in to find a solution to this problem ? " More than 50 % of India 's population is involved in the agricultural and allied sector , which contributes 18 % of the country 's GDP . Government data shows 11,772 farmers committed suicide in 2013 across India . That is 44 deaths every day . Earlier this month , Prime Minister Narendra Modi raised the amount of compensation paid for damaged crops , and lowered the threshold for farmers to claim payouts . However , that failed to appease farmers who are angry about the government 's Land Acquisition Bill , which critics say makes it easier for the government to seize farmers ' land . Modi 's ruling BJP Party said the old rules were unnecessarily restrictive and the new bill is needed to spur investment and smooth the way for growth . The government is expected to reintroduce the new land bill when parliament reopens this week . On Sunday , thousands of farmers gathered in Delhi at a rally led by opposition Congress party to protest against the bill . Waving flags , they blasted Modi government 's policies as "  pro-industrialist and anti-farmer . " Tiwari , of the farmer 's advocacy group , said the government needs to do more to stop the wave of suicides across the country . He said Modi 's push to open bank accounts for every Indian household , neglected to address the major concern in farming households of falling incomes . "  Prime Minister Modi boasts about India rising , but he is not willing to talk about India dying , " Tiwari said . He says , for a start , the government should guarantee a better market price for cotton and waive farmers ' overdue debt . Divisional Commissioner of the Vidarbha region , Dnyaneshwar Rajurkar said the state government is aware of the situation and is planning to roll out relief programs to help local cotton farmers . The plans include halving bank loan interest rates and waiving loans from private money lenders . Rajurkar said the government is also planning to deploy doctors to counsel farmers in distress . Just days away from her baby 's birth , Kanhaiya said she worries about how she 's going to feed her family . "  I have to pay the loan back both to bank and private money lenders . I have no clue how I will pay the debt . Once the baby is born , I will look for work . I will have to do labor jobs all my life to pay the loan , " she said , despair in her voice . "  I did receive compensation from the local state government after my husband 's death . But it is very minimal . That does nothing to solve the grave problem I am in . "	Vidarbha , the eastern region of the state of Maharashtra , is known as the epicenter of the suicide crisis Farmers are becoming burdened with debt due to falling prices but rising costs
London , England  CNN  -- Known as much for his gaffes , brusque manner and eccentricities as for his charity and campaigning work , Prince Philip seems to have lived a life permanently in the shadow of his wife , Queen Elizabeth II . Yet as a child born into the turmoil of inter-war Europe , a naval officer decorated for heroism in World War II , and one half of one of the most-enduring modern royal marriages , the Duke of Edinburgh is an extraordinary figure in his own right . And while Britain celebrated 60 years since the queen succeeded as monarch earlier this year , the spotlight also shone on the man who has rarely left her side during her time in the spotlight . Prince Philip 's life was dramatic from the outset . The nephew of Greece 's King Constantine I , he was born in 1921 on the dining room table of a villa on the Greek island of Corfu . Known then simply as Philip -- he had no official surname -- he was forced into exile just 18 months later when the Greek monarchy was overthrown by a military revolt . Sailors on board HMS Calypso , the British cruiser given the secret mission to carry his family to safety , made him a crib out of an old fruit box . Stateless and  by royal standards  poor , Philip 's family spent the next few years wandering between the homes of European relatives as the continent descended into the political and economic upheaval that would lead to World War II . After his mother Alice was committed to a psychiatric clinic in 1930 , Philip rarely saw his parents . He was instead mentored by an uncle , Lord Mountbatten , and dispatched to a series of boarding schools in England , Germany and Scotland . In 1936 , Greece voted to reinstate its monarchy , but Philip 's father Andrea resisted pressure to push his son into Greek military service . Instead , Philip remained at Gordonstoun , the school in Scotland where he would later send his own sons , and began to prepare for training in Britain 's Royal Navy . By the time he reached his late teens , Philip 's dashing looks were turning heads , including the 13-year-old distant cousin  they are both great , great grandchildren of Queen Victoria  who would later become his bride . But naval duty came first , and with the outbreak of war , Philip was sent to sea . As a citizen of Greece , Philip was initially deployed as a "  neutral foreigner " serving on naval escort and convoy missions . But after Italy invaded Greece in 1940 he was assigned to Valiant , a battleship that would soon see action in the Mediterranean . Philip was commended for his operation of searchlights during a 1941 night battle near Cape Matapan , where the British destroyed much of the Italian fleet . He was later awarded the Greek War Cross of Valor . After various postings and promotions , Philip was in 1944 appointed first lieutenant of HMS Whelp , a destroyer that went on to see action in the Pacific as part of a British fleet involved with joint operations with the U.S. Navy , including the landings at Iwo Jima . When peace came , Philip remained in the navy , but rekindled a friendship with Elizabeth that quickly blossomed into a public romance . The pair were married in Westminster Abbey in 1947 and shortly afterwards he returned to duty , rising to the rank of lieutenant commander . See also : The Royal family tree Newly-appointed as Duke of Edinburgh , Philip had to abandon his naval career for royal duties after the queen 's father , George VI became ill . The king died while Philip and Elizabeth were on an official trip to Kenya . It was Philip who broke the news to his wife -- now the queen . The early years of the the couple 's marriage saw the prince enjoy the height of his popularity . On a 1951 trip to Canada , crowds of admiring women turned out to see the handsome prince . In 1957 , Time magazine said he had transformed his "  frosty bride " into a "  stylish " royal icon . While affection for the duke remains strong today -- as was shown by an outpouring of concern when he underwent heart surgery last year -- his public image as a dashing young man has long since been replaced by one of an irascible older figure . Many have drawn links between the duke 's manner and his experiences as a young man , suggesting his troubled family life helped shape a rather detached and unemotional outlook , while his navy career endowed him with a salty wit that frequently raises eyebrows . Others attest to his charisma and charm , characteristics that no doubt helped fuel rumors of indiscretions in the early years of his marriage . In 1956 , the year before Philip was officially appointed as a prince , the queen 's household had to officially deny such rumors . The duke himself has spoken of his own struggles to find a purpose within the royal family , saying he took on patronages -- including the Duke of Edinburgh Award Scheme he created to recognize community service -- out of duty rather than passion . "  I did n't want to be president of the World Wildlife Fund , " he said in an interview in 1992 . "  I was asked to do it . I 'd much rather have stayed in the navy , frankly . " Yet he has found time to pursue his own , sometimes odd , interests . Over the years these have included polo , competitive horse carriage driving  a sport in which he has represented Britain  science , the study of UFOs , practical jokes , painting and taking the wheel of his own London taxi . But despite several recent high profile appearances , the duke has taken a step back from public life in the past year . "  I reckon I 've done my bit , " he said in a 2011 interview . "  I want to enjoy myself a bit now , with less responsibility , less frantic rushing about , less preparation , less trying to think of something to say . "	Prince Philip experienced a turbulent early life after his family was forced into exile Philip is a decorated war hero having seen action as an officer in the British Royal Navy He is known for his irascible outlook and salty sense of humor
CNN  -- A bill moving through Congress is intended , on its surface at least , to do something relatively simple : Crack down on the illegal pirating of movies , music and other copyrighted material . But a major online backlash has evolved , with everyone from lawmakers to Web-freedom advocates to some of technology 's biggest players calling it a greedy and dangerous overreach that could have a chilling effect on free speech and innovation . Google , Yahoo and Facebook are among the Web heavyweights who have joined the chorus against the Stop Online Piracy Act  SOPA  , which backers hope to have ready for a vote by the end of the year . Its intent is to help put a stop to foreign websites that illegally post , and sometimes sell , intellectual property from the United States . Federal law-enforcement agencies would be empowered to shut down those sites , and cut off advertising and online payments to them . "  The Stop Online Piracy Act helps stop the flow of revenue to rogue websites and ensures that the profits from American innovations go to American innovators , " Rep. Lamar Smith , a Texas Republican , chairman of the powerful House Judiciary committee and the sponsor of the plan , said when the bill was introduced last month . "  The bill prevents online thieves from selling counterfeit goods in the U.S. , expands international protections for intellectual property , and protects American consumers from dangerous counterfeit products . " Its supporters include some powerful lobbying groups , including the Motion Picture Association of America , the pharmaceutical industry and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce . On the other side are Web-freedom advocates , who were quick to say the effort goes too far . And this week , in the wake of a Wednesday hearing on the plan , that discontent grew louder and more widespread . "  Our government is tampering with its basic structure so people will maybe buy more Hollywood movies , " says an animated video by Kirby Ferguson , the New York filmmaker behind the Web video series "  Everything Is a Remix , " that is making the rounds online . "  But Hollywood movies do n't get grassroots candidates elected . They do n't overthrow corrupt regimes , and the entire entertainment industry does n't even contribute that much to our economy . The Internet does all these and more . " Perhaps tellingly , that video was made in response to an earlier bill proposed in the Senate , which has since been put on hold by its sponsor . Ferguson has since added a message at the end of the video saying the issue has "  gotten much worse . " Some critics fear that enforcement of the act is ill-defined and could allow federal authorities to go after sites that do n't set out to illegally broadcast or sell content . For example , advocates say , YouTube has housed important content , like video of political unrest in places like Egypt and Iran where government crackdowns had otherwise blocked media access . But YouTube also is home , albeit against its will , to music videos , movie clips and other content posted without the intent of its creators . Under SOPA , they say , a fledgling YouTube could have been shut down because of those posts . This week , a letter opposing the House and Senate bills was sent to Congress , signed off on by AOL , eBay , Facebook , Google , LinkedIn , Mozilla , Twitter , Yahoo and Zynga . "  We support the bills ' stated goals -- providing additional enforcement tools to combat foreign ` rogue ' websites that are dedicated to copyright infringement or counterfeiting , " the letter reads . "  Unfortunately , the bills as drafted would expose law-abiding U.S. Internet and technology companies to new uncertain liabilities , private rights of action and technology mandates that would require monitoring of websites . "  We are concerned that these measures pose a serious risk to our industry 's continued track record of innovation and job-creation , as well as to our nation 's cybersecurity . " To coincide with Wednesday 's committee hearing , many websites devoted themselves to drawing attention to the debate . Blog platform Tumblr blacked out images in users ' posts with a message urging users to "  Stop The Law That Will Censor The Internet ! " A post on Tumblr 's staff blog claimed users flooded House lawmakers Wednesday with 87,834 phone calls protesting the bill . The backlash seems to be spreading to the halls of Congress . On Thursday , House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-California , announced her opposition to the plan on Twitter . "  Need to find a better solution than #SOPA #DontBreakTheInternet , " she wrote , using hashtags that opponents have used to show their disapproval on the site . Even Pelosi 's opponents from the other side of the ideological aisle agreed with her . Influential California Republican Rep. Darrell Issa joined other conservative lawmakers , including presidential candidates Michele Bachmann and Ron Paul , in opposing the proposed law . "  I do n't believe this bill has any chance on the House floor , " Issa told The Hill on Wednesday . "  I think it 's way too extreme , it infringes on too many areas that our leadership will know is simply too dangerous to do in its current form . "	Bill to fight online piracy being hit by huge Web-freedom backlash The Stop Internet Piracy Act is intended to protect U.S. intellectual property Web-freedom advocates say it 's too broad and could be used to shut down legit sites Google , Facebook are among Web fixtures opposed to the plan
