CNN  -- In the shadows of Mount Redoubt , Alaskans are calmly waiting for the volcano to erupt -- an event that could occur at any time . Alaska 's Mount Redoubt volcano spews ash and steam during an eruption in 1989 . "  The level of seismic activity " has "  increased markedly " in recent days at the 10,197-foot peak located about 100 miles southwest of Anchorage , the state 's most populous city , according to the Alaska Volcano Observatory . "  We do n't have a crystal ball , " said Peter Cervelli , a research geophysicist with the observatory , which is aggressively monitoring the volcano . But "  we expect based on the past behavior of this volcano that this activity is going to culminate in an eruption . " The activity has consisted "  of a combination of discrete , relatively small earthquakes and periods of more continuous volcanic tremor , " Cervelli said . Scientists raised the alert status Sunday to a "  watch " level , the second-highest , based on seismic activity detected January 23 . PopSci.com : Predicting eruptions The "  watch " status means the "  volcano is exhibiting heightened or escalating unrest with increased potential of eruption , time frame uncertain , or eruption is under way but poses limited hazards , " according to the U.S. Geological Survey . Maureen Burke , 29 , a coffee shop manager in Anchorage , said she remembers the last eruption and is n't too worried this time . PopSci.com : Prehistoric explosions wiped out ocean life -- and created petroleum She said living in Alaska and being close to nature , residents just laugh such events off , dealing with them as they come . Falling ash is a potential problem . The best way to protect yourself from the harmful showers of ash is to wear a mask , Missy Moore , 33 , said . As an administrator and supervisor of Starbright Early Learning Center in Anchorage , Moore said , "  it 's really not anything to worry about just yet . " PopSci.com : Google Earth environment guide If Mount Redoubt covers nearby cities with ash , Moore said the school will adhere to the public school district 's guidelines . "  If the -LSB- public -RSB- school district closes schools , our school closes too . The city of Anchorage advises citizens to stay indoors , " Moore said . "  The ash can get into your engines and mess up your car . " Shana Medcoff , 17 , a barista in Kenai , about 50 miles from the volcano , said residents are encouraged to buy air filters for their cars . PopSci.com : Spying on a hostile landscape Mount Redoubt last erupted nearly 20 years ago , in December 1989 , and that lasted until April 1990 . Geologists think there could be an eruption "  similar to or smaller than the one that occurred in 1989-90 . " Learn more about Redoubt and its history " That eruption spread ash in Kenai and Anchorage , where it disrupted air traffic operations . Cervelli said the ash plumes caused engine failure on a jet . "  It 's not the closest volcano to Anchorage , " Cervelli said , but "  it has the potential to disrupt air traffic at Anchorage . " The 1989-90 volcano also spurred volcanic mudflows , or lahars , that flowed east down the Drift River . The ash fall was seen as far away as Fairbanks and the Yukon Territory border . The observatory has set up a Web camera near the summit of the volcano and another within Cook Inlet . It plans to do continuous visual surveillance , measure gas output and analyze satellite and weather-radar data .	NEW : Scientists raise alert level to "  watch , " the second highest state of alert The 10,200-foot Mount Redoubt is about 100 miles southwest of Anchorage , Alaska Volcano last erupted in December 1989 Eruption could spawn huge mudflows , disrupt flights with ash
CNN  -- Natasha Richardson , who died Wednesday following a ski accident Monday , comes from an illustrious British acting family -- one whose name she 's often found a challenge . Natasha Richardson comes from a family of well-known British actors , including mother Vanessa Redgrave . Richardson , the daughter of Oscar-winning actress Vanessa Redgrave and the late director Tony Richardson  "  Look Back in Anger , " "  Tom Jones "  , has said , more than once , that she found it difficult to live up to the family reputation . "  The names Richardson or Redgrave did n't help , " she told About.com 's Rebecca Murray in 2007 . "  But the last thing you want is to ride any coattails , because you do n't want people to be accusing you of nepotism . You want to be able to learn and practice , and not to be thrown into a spotlight before you 're ready for it . " But Richardson , 45 , was practically born to the stage . Besides her mother and father , several members of her family are performers : Her grandparents were Sir Michael Redgrave , a famed British actor , and actress Rachel Kempson ; uncle Corin Redgrave , aunt Lynn Redgrave and sister Joely Richardson also are noted actors . She 's even married to an actor , having been wed to Liam Neeson  "  Schindler 's List "  since 1994 . She first appeared in a movie when she was 4 , earning a bit part in her father 's "  The Charge of the Light Brigade "  1968  . By that point , her parents had divorced , and she was living with her mother , who already had dazzled movie audiences with her work in "  Morgan ! "  1966  , "  Blowup "  1966  and "  Camelot "  1967  . Despite her mother 's success , Richardson said that the family was sometimes in financial straits because the politically controversial Redgrave gave away money to various causes , according to the BBC . Watch Richardson talk about acting along side mom " Though Richardson appeared in regional theater and a CBS television miniseries by the time she was 22 , she first gained renown for her performance in Anton Chekhov 's "  The Seagull " in a 1985 production that featured her mother and Jonathan Pryce . The performance earned her the London Drama Critics ' most promising newcomer award . She 's earned her strongest notices for her stage work . She won a Tony for her performance as Sally Bowles in the 1998 revival of "  Cabaret " and earned raves for her Blanche DuBois in a 2005 production of "  A Streetcar Named Desire . " Other productions include a 1993 production of Eugene O'Neill 's "  Anna Christie " and the original 1999 production of Patrick Marber 's "  Closer , " later made into a film with Julia Roberts . Critics have turned into fans . "  Her Sally Bowles is a dazzling example of how star power can be harnessed to create a devastating portrait of someone who is definitely not a star , " wrote The New York Times ' Ben Brantley on "  Cabaret . " "  Born-to-lose characters can be tedious , but Richardson turns this one into an electrifying triumph . " On screen , Richardson deliberately has picked a wide range of roles , many in independent films . She makes no apologies : "  I am attracted to the darker places than I am to the lighter , frothier stuff and I 'm not sure why that is , " she told the Web site Filmfreakcentral.com in 2006 . "  I do think that it 's certainly more challenging to play the dark places . But it 's the part , primarily , and on the whole I 'd rather play a wonderful part in a movie that few people see rather than a sort of cosmetic role in a blockbuster . Not that I 've been offered many of those . " There have been a handful of major Hollywood productions , however , most notably the 1998 version of "  The Parent Trap " and the Jennifer Lopez vehicle "  Maid in Manhattan "  2002  , which she took as "  a laugh , " she told Filmfreakcentral.com . "  You 'll have to blame Ralph -LSB- Fiennes -RSB- for that one . He 's the most wonderful actor , a good friend ; we thought we 'd have a laugh . " Richardson met Neeson during the 1993 Broadway run of "  Anna Christie " and later made the film "  Nell " with him . When the two met , Richardson was married to producer Robert Fox , but that marriage ended . She later married Neeson . The two have generally stayed out of the tabloid press , but they won a 1998 libel suit against the London tabloid The Mirror over a story that claimed their marriage was a sham . The newspaper apologized , and Neeson and Richardson were awarded $ 85,000 , which they donated to victims of a Northern Ireland car bombing . Richardson has come to terms with her famous name -- and , having worked with her mother more than once , greatly appreciates her abilities . "  What 's always different about my mother is that there 's always something unexpected about her work , because she 's sort of fearless , " Richardson told About.com 's Murray . "  When she hits it , then it sort of is just incandescent . " She added that "  her children have entirely forgiven her " for the difficulties when they were younger , "  because she is a great mother . " Richardson and Neeson have two children : Michael , 13 , and Daniel , 12 .	Actress Natasha Richardson granddaughter , daughter of Britain 's famed Redgraves Richardson is married to actor Liam Neeson ; they have two children Richardson has worked hard to establish her own name , is renowned for stage work Actress injured in ski accident in Quebec , Canada
CNN  -- At least 43 people were killed and dozens more injured in the latest round of attacks Sunday in Iraq 's Anbar and Baghdad provinces , local police said . In a Sunday evening attack , at least 37 people were killed and 42 others wounded in Baghdad province . A suicide bomber wearing an explosives-laden vest blew himself up in a crowded coffee shop in the predominantly Shiite al-Amel neighborhood in southwest Baghdad , according to police officials . Many of the victims were young men gathering to drink tea , smoke hookah and play games , officials said . Some buildings nearby were also damaged in the attack . Iraq 's security force has since sealed off the area and started a security operation searching houses and buildings close by . Earlier , three attacks in Anbar province targeted a checkpoint , a mayor 's office in a government complex and a police station , killing at least six people and wounding 19 others , according to police in the provincial capital of Ramadi . The attacks occurred in the predominantly Sunni town of Rawa . The first Anbar suicide attack targeted a joint security checkpoint manned by Iraqi soldiers outside the offices of Rawa 's mayor . A suicide bomber also attacked inside the municipal building where the mayor 's office is . A car bomb targeted a police station in the third attack . The attacks come as internal conflicts tear through the country . At least 50 people died and 170 were wounded on Thursday in a series of car-bomb and roadside explosions across Baghdad , police officials said . At least 10 car bombs and three roadside bombs exploded in several Baghdad neighborhoods . The attacks were primarily targeting amusement parks where families and children typically go to celebrate the Islamic holiday of Eid Al-Adha , according to police . At least 350 people have been killed in October during the violence in Iraq , based on CNN reporting .	Bombings also leave dozens wounded in Anbar and Baghdad provinces Suicide bombers target security checkpoint , municipal building , police station One bombing in Baghdad coffee shop kills 37 people Hundreds have been killed in Iraq during the violence in October
CareerBuilder  -- The C-suite has long been thought of as a "  boys ' club " ... and for good reason . In 2010 , only 15 of the companies on the Fortune 500 list were headed by women . Additionally , nonprofit research firm Catalyst Inc. reported that overall , women held about 14.4 percent of the executive officer positions at Fortune 500 companies last year , and according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics , women make up just 25.4 percent of chief executives nationwide . While these stats are certainly better than they were just 15 years ago -- in 1996 , only one Fortune 500 company had a female CEO -- there 's still plenty of room left for women in the C-suite . Got your eye on an executive role ? Here are some tips on how to get there , from female leaders with first-hand experience . Find a mentor  s  : One of the best ways to become a great leader is by learning from others who do it well . "  It is helpful for a woman seeking entry into C-Suite positions to have an advocate in the organization , " says Susan Bulkeley Butler , who was the first female partner at management consulting firm Accenture and now serves as the CEO of the Susan Bulkeley Butler Institute for the Development of Women Leaders . "  Women need to have mentors and people who help them get the right roles and responsibilities . It 's important to have a team to help get to where you want to be . " Equally as important is finding personal role models -- people whose experiences you can learn from , but who may not be formal mentors . "  Women must talk to people that they respect and role models who may be in the type of positions they seek . It 's critical to listen to how they developed their careers and how they became the leaders , " Bulkeley Butler says . Do n't fixate on gender : While it can be tough to do , try to look at your work environment as being "  gender neutral , " suggests Elizabeth Sobol , managing director at IMG Artists . "  There are certainly times when I have run into brick walls that have made me want to yell ` boys ' club ! ' But I have tried as much as possible to resist that temptation , " she says . "  I have tried to look at each situation and think through what I could be doing better to demonstrate my capabilities and my credentials for each opportunity . I am not suggesting that there is no discrimination out there . But I find that the best way to break through prejudices and discrimination is to keep your focus , maintain your vision -- and just shine . " Do n't worry about pleasing everyone : Women tend to be "  people pleasers , " which can be tough in a workplace setting when , inevitably , decisions need to be made that wo n't make everyone happy . But in order to reach the executive level in your career , you need to learn to stick to your guns . "  Women are too quick to apologize even when they did n't do anything wrong , " says Jessica Kleiman , vice president of public relations at Hearst Corporation and co-author of "  Be Your Own Best Publicist . " "  Stand behind your decisions . Understand that not everyone is going to like you . If you can come to terms with that , you 'll be less apt to want to please everyone and more likely to fight for your beliefs , " she says . Be willing to work hard : Getting to the C-suite is an ambitious goal for anyone , male or female , so you 'll have to be willing to put in the work to get there . "  The first rule is simply to get an A + on everything you do , " Sobol says . " -LSB- As a manager -RSB- , it is very rare that I will miss someone who is operating at that level on a consistent basis . And those are the people I am going to be looking for to fill higher level positions . " Echoes Bulkeley Butler , "  The most important message I received was : You have to do the position you want before your get there . I hand to perform like a partner before I was promoted . " Focus on your life outside of work , too : Working hard does n't mean your personal life has to fall by the wayside . Women are more apt to make life outside of work  children , families , friends , hobbies  a priority , and that 's OK . A rich personal life can actually make you a better leader . "  Women , in general , tend to look at life in a more holistic way , " Sobol says . "  I know is that my life is much richer for all the things I experience that have nothing to do with my corporate performance or positioning -- books and nature and art and family . In fact , I think that because I have chosen a more holistic path , I have gained the skills and the fullness I 've needed to become a better leader . " Use your "  natural " advantages : There are certain leadership qualities that women inherently possess , so play up these strong points in your rise to the top . "  By nature , women are nurturing , and able to multitask and problem solve , " says Meryl Weinsaft Cooper , managing director at DeVries Public Relations and co-author  with Kleiman  of "  Be You Own Best Publicist . " "  Those qualities can make for a very good leader . " Kaitlin Madden is a writer and blogger for CareerBuilder.com . & copy CareerBuilder.com 2010 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	In 2010 , only 15 of the companies on the Fortune 500 list were headed by women While stats are better than 15 years ago , there 's still plenty of room for female CEOs It can be tough to do , but try to look at your work environment as being "  gender neutral " Women inherently possess certain leadership qualities , so play up strong points
Chicago  CNN  -- Chicago public schoolchildren will spend a seventh day out of classes Tuesday as their striking teachers weigh a tentative proposal to end their walkout . School officials went to court Monday to ask a judge to declare the strike illegal and order the teachers back to work . A Cook County judge will hold a hearing on that request Wednesday . In the meantime , Chicago Teachers Union delegates are scheduled to convene again Tuesday afternoon to discuss a proposed settlement . And parents and city officials scrambled to keep about 350,000 children busy and out of trouble as the strike stretched into its second week . "  It is frustrating for me that the kids are not in school , and I have to find other ways to continue their education , " said parent Will White , who said he 's sympathetic to both sides in the dispute . "  Hopefully , it wo n't last too much longer ... after this week , something 's going to have to change . " Chicago Public Schools , the third-largest U.S. school system , and the union struck a tentative bargain Friday afternoon . But Sunday , union members decided to continue the walkout while its they reviewed the proposal . "  We have 26,000 teachers , and they 're all able to to read this document and take some time to discuss its merits or its deficiencies , and that 's going to happen today , " union spokesman Jackson Potter told CNN . "  We 're just asking people to be patient and let the process run its course . " Q&A : What 's behind the Chicago teachers ' strike ? But Mayor Rahm Emanuel vowed Sunday night to force the teachers back into the classroom , calling the teachers ' move "  a delay of choice that is wrong for our children . " The school system went to court Monday morning , arguing that the walkout violates Illinois labor laws . "  State law expressly prohibits the CTU from striking over non-economic issues , such as layoff and recall policies , teacher evaluations , class sizes and the length of the school day and year , " the district said in a statement . "  The CTU 's repeated statements and recent advertising campaign have made clear that these are exactly the subjects over which the CTU is striking . " The strike also prevents "  critical educational and social services , including meals for students who otherwise may not receive proper nutrition , a safe environment during school hours and critical services for students who have special needs , " the district continued . Cook County Circuit Judge Peter Flynn has scheduled a hearing on the district 's request for 10:30 a.m. Wednesday . The system is n't asking the judge to settle the dispute that led to the walkout , just to order the teachers back to work . The union responded to the filing Monday by saying it "  appears to be a vindictive act instigated by the mayor . " "  This attempt to thwart our democratic process is consistent with Mayor Emanuel 's bullying behavior toward public school educators , " the union said . Teachers walked off the job September 10 , objecting to a longer school day , evaluations tied to student performance and job losses from school closings . Parents have juggled their families ' schedules for more than a week to make sure their children are attended to while schools are closed . "  Besides the daycare issue , they just need to be in school , " said Rich Lenkov , a parent who took part in a protest outside the school district 's headquarters on Monday . "  Their competitors in charter schools and private schools are learning , while our kids are not . " Interview with a parent on the impact of the strike With the strike continuing , the school system planned to open 147 "  Children First " sites citywide Monday for students to go to , in addition to programs run by the city 's park department and neighborhood organizations , Chicago Board of Education President David Vitale said . Vitale said that he , like the mayor , is "  extremely disappointed " that such programs are necessary . "  There is no reason why our kids can not be in school while the union reviews the agreement , " he said . But Nancy Davis Winfield , the mother of another student , said she stood behind the teachers and the union . "  I think its going to be settled this week , but I understand what the teachers are doing and they 've got to read that fine print , " Winfield said as she picked up her daughter at a Children First program in the South Loop district . "  I feel that the whole nation needs to understand that this is a fight for the middle class , " Winfield said . "  Democrats are talking about supporting the middle class . This is the fight that has to be waged . " Union members reconvene Tuesday afternoon following a break on Monday for the Jewish New Year , Rosh Hashanah . They could decide to end the strike at that point , which could mean classes coming back Wednesday . But the rank and file would still have the opportunity to accept or reject the proposed contract , and CTU President Karen Lewis said a "  clear majority " of their delegates did not want to suspend the strike . "  They are not happy with the agreement , " she said . Why they teach despite it all Negotiations have taken place behind closed doors while the public debate has been marked by sometimes biting remarks and vocal picketing around the schools . Lewis said one problem is that "  there 's no trust " of school board members , with job security the chief issue . "  The big elephant in the room is the closing of 200 schools , " she said . The teacher "  are concerned about this city 's decision on some level to close schools . " It was not immediately clear where Lewis got the 200 figure or when she believes such school closures might happen . But Chicago Public Schools spokeswoman Marielle Sainvilus called Lewis ' claim "  false , " asserting that union leaders said a few days ago that 100 schools would close , and "  I 'm sure it 'll be another number tomorrow . " "  All Ms. Lewis is trying to do is distract away from the fact that she and her leadership are using our kids as pawns in this process , " Sainvilus wrote in an e-mail . Another point of contention involves the teacher evaluation system , Lewis said . The tentative contract would change it for the first time since 1967 , taking into account "  student growth  for the  first time , " according to the school system . And teachers who are rated as "  unsatisfactory and developing " could potentially be laid off . Principals would keep "  full authority " to hire teachers , and the school system will now have hiring standards for those with credentials beyond a teacher certification . In addition , "  highly rated teachers " who lost their jobs when their schools were closed can "  follow their students to the consolidated school , " according to a summary of the proposed contract from Chicago Public Schools . This contract calls for longer school days for elementary and high school-age students , 10 more "  instructional days " each school year and a single calendar for the entire school system , as opposed to the two schedules now in place , depending on the school . The pay structure would change with a 3 % pay hike for the first year of the contract , 2 % for the second year and 2 % for the third year . If a trigger extends the contract to four years , teachers will get a 3 % pay increase . Union members would no longer be compensated for unused personal days , health insurance contribution rates would be frozen , and the "  enhanced pension program " would be eliminated . As is , the median base salary for teachers in the Chicago public schools in 2011 was $ 67,974 , according to the system 's annual financial report . For high school athletes , strike could put scholarships on the line CNN 's Kyung Lah reported from Chicago and Greg Botelho from Atlanta . CNN 's Ted Rowlands , Chris Welch , Katherine Wojtecki and Ed Payne also contributed to this report .	NEW : "  After this week , something 's going to have to change , " parent says Striking teachers reconvene Tuesday after weighing proposed deal A judge will consider city 's request to end the strike Wednesday There have been no classes in Chicago since September 7
LaGrange , Illinois  CNN  -- Kaley Shannon first saw the devastation in Haiti while watching the 5 o'clock news with her father . Seeing so many people in need after the January 12 earthquake , the determined girl from the Chicago suburbs wanted to help . "  When I saw those pictures , I realized those kids in Haiti did n't have a future unless someone would help them , " said Shannon , 14 . "  I knew I had to be that someone . " Shannon , who is active in her school 's theater , says she got some inspiration from Hollywood . "  Brad Pitt builds houses in New Orleans , Angelina Jolie adopts kids from other countries -- that selflessness inspires me . I wanted to give people hope like they do , " she said . Her goal was to raise $ 90,000 by this week , which marks 90 days since the earthquake . But to do that , she had to act quickly . She immediately called her friends at her church youth group , who were eager to help . They started brainstorming . "  We had ideas coming out in every direction , " she said . With Valentine 's Day approaching , the group decided to bake heart-shaped cookies and sell them to make money for the quake survivors . They also settled on a name for their group : Student Hearts for Haiti . "  I 'm not the best baker in the world , but we were determined , " Shannon said . With the help of their church 's industrial-sized oven , the teens baked 2,000 cookies , selling them to people heading to and from the train stations in the Chicago suburb of LaGrange . "  I 'm absolutely not a morning person , and it was freezing , but we knew our mission was urgent , " Shannon said . The cookies were a huge hit . Commuters gobbled them up . Even people trying to stick to a diet would drop in their change . By the end of the first day , Student Hearts for Haiti had made $ 3,200 . They sold the remaining cookies at Shannon 's father 's office in downtown Chicago . There , a UPS delivery man decided to buy 10 bags of cookies . He told Shannon he was from Haiti . His mother still lived there , running an orphanage that was badly damaged . "  He gave me the biggest bear hug and told me how proud he was that I was helping , " Shannon said . "  That gave me an idea . " The group sent the donations from the cookie sales to the Red Cross and Mercy Corps for immediate relief . But if her kid-run organization wanted to continue , Shannon thought , it should provide a way for kids in the Chicago area to directly help the kids in Haiti . "  I thought after we all saw what we did on TV , other kids in my area would want to help , " she said . "  Student Hearts for Haiti could give them the tools to do that . " So with her father 's help , Shannon set up a Facebook page and started calling local schools . They also partnered with Free the Children , based in Toronto , Ontario , to rebuild a school in Haiti . Other fundraising ideas came pouring through the Facebook page : A boy whose father ran a wristband factory donated "  Hearts for Haiti " wristbands . Shannon 's high school , Lyons Township , donated the proceeds from its King of Hearts dance . Another boy turned his 15th birthday party into a fundraiser . Local merchants in LaGrange and Western Springs put out donations buckets , and so did many of Shannon 's teachers . And 12 local schools started their own efforts . One of those schools was Mary Grace Chizewski 's . Chizewski , 12 , had also been affected by the images of suffering in Haiti . Shortly after the quake , she had reached out to her friends at St. Francis Xavier , and they approached the school 's principal to ask if they could help . "  These kids in Haiti had lost everything . I thought , ` How are they going to succeed in life if they do n't have a school ? ' " Chizewski said . "  We hear all the time at our own school that we should help others when they are in need -- I thought here 's our chance . " While sympathetic , the principal told them the school was already committed to several service projects . She was n't sure if there 'd be time . But a couple of days later , the principal got a call from Shannon 's father , who convinced her to help Student Hearts for Haiti . "  I was so excited when the principal called to ask if I was still interested in helping raise money for Haiti , " Chizewski said . Shannon 's father gave the St. Francis Xavier students T-shirts and wristbands , and Chizewski and her friends spent the next recess planning how to sell the donated items . They put posters up on every floor and used the morning announcements to ask students to help . The group kept a big heart poster in the main office to track their progress . They 'd color in a little more each time they 'd raise $ 500 . When the heart was full , the principal let the whole school know with an announcement on the PA system . On the school 's dress-down day , students wore their Hearts for Haiti T-shirts and wristbands . "  It was so cool to see all those kids in the halls wearing our T-shirts , " Chizewski said . "  I 'd never done anything like this before . " In the end , the 672-student school generated more than $ 5,500 . That amount was doubled when Student Hearts for Haiti got a matching grant , which meant that St. Francis Xavier 's effort was enough to build and furnish one classroom in Haiti . With the matching grant from the Moyer Foundation , which was founded by Philadelphia Phillies pitcher Jamie Moyer and his wife , Karen , the group has raised more than $ 80,000 so far . Shannon says she still hopes to reach her goal of $ 90,000 , and after that , she has no plans to stop there . "  I want to rebuild as many schools as we can , " Shannon said . "  We 've had rival schools helping ; we 've had kids from the public schools and the Catholic schools , kids who do n't normally talk to each other working together on this . "  I think this has helped kids realize it feels good to be a part of something bigger than just you . "	Kaley Shannon wanted to do more for Haiti than send donations from a cookie sale She used Facebook , phone calls to organize "  Student Hearts for Haiti " to help rebuild schools More than a dozen schools have joined the effort , raising tens of thousands of dollars
CNN  -- When the average person contemplates the issues surrounding landfills , it 's doubtful they give much consideration to the tons of food that fill them . Food biodegrades so where is the problem ? The problem , environmentalists say , is just that . When food rots , it releases methane , a greenhouse gas which the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency  EPA  says is 20 times more damaging to the environment than carbon dioxide  CO2  . Rotting food in a landfill in Canterbury , England . The developed world chucks out a lot of food . Such is the volume that according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture  USDA  , if just 5 percent of Americans ' food scraps were recovered it would represent one day 's worth of food for 4 million people . The U.N. World Food Programme offers another way of looking at it : It says the total surplus of the U.S. alone could satisfy "  every empty stomach " in Africa  France 's leftovers could feed the Democratic Republic of Congo ; and Italy 's could feed Ethiopia 's undernourished  . Proportionately , the UK and Japan have traditionally been among the worst offenders worldwide in recent years when it comes to food waste , discarding between 30 and 40 percent of their food produce annually . The figures for how much the U.S. throws out , however , vary considerably depending on whom you ask . According to the USDA , just over a quarter of the country 's food -- about 25.9 million tons -- gets thrown in the garbage can every year . But according to a study conducted by the University of Arizona , that figure could be as high as 50 percent , as the University claims that the country 's supermarkets , restaurants and convenience stores alone throw out 27 million tons between them every year  representing $ 30 billion of wasted food  . Either way , it still costs the U.S. around $ 1 billion every year just to dispose of all its food waste , according to the EPA . But moral and economic issues aside , it is the environmental concerns around food waste that is driving the push for reform on how to treat the problem of leftovers . Methane , the gas food waste produces , traps 23 times as much heat in the atmosphere as the same amount of CO2 , the EPA says . And landfills are the place you will find most of it -- they account for 34 percent of all methane emissions in the U.S. . The University of Arizona believes that if Americans cut their food waste in half , it would reduce the country 's environmental impact by 25 percent . The UK 's Waste & Resources Action Program  WRAP  -- which says the entire food supply chain in the UK contributes 20 percent of its greenhouse gas emissions -- believes that if we stopped throwing out edible food , the impact it would have on CO2 emissions would be the equivalent of taking 1 in 5 cars off the road . But ironically , one of the solutions to dealing with food waste actually results in a product that could keep cars on the road : Biogas . Biogas is a by-product of a process called anaerobic digestion  AD  . AD is a process where organic matter -- such as food waste -- breaks down in an environment with little or no oxygen , generating a natural gas made up of 60 percent methane and 40 percent CO2 . It is the exact process , in fact , which goes on in landfills . But there is a difference . Whereas methane can be harmful to the environment in an open setting , such as a landfill , in controlled and closed settings such as a combined heat and power plant , it can be harnessed and converted into biogas , a renewable energy . And that energy can be used to provide heat , light and fuel . According to a study by the National Society for Clean Air , biogas-fueled cars can reduce CO2 emissions by anything from 75 percent to 200 percent compared to cars powered by fossil fuels . Most organic matter can be processed with AD . In the UK it is already being used to treat sewage , which Friends of the Earth  FOE  says , reduces CO2 emissions by 16 percent compared to traditional sewage treatments . According to the Chartered Institute for Environmental Health , gas from sewage waste and landfills is already being used to provide 650 MW of electricity to the UK 's national grid , representing between 60 and 75 percent of the country 's green energy  the UK is Europe 's biggest producer of biogas  . However , while the potential for food waste-as-energy seems big , the practical applications for it are currently very small  only 0.4 percent of the UK 's food waste is processed by AD , for example  , with critics of AD pointing out that the amount food waste can contribute to the energy supply are negligible to say the least . FOE itself admits that just 0.36 percent of the UK 's electricity needs could be met by AD . And , if 5.5 million tons of food waste was treated by AD  the majority of the UK 's annual 6.7 million tons of food waste  it could only generate enough electricity to power 164,000 houses . That being said , environmentalists will say , that 's much better than getting that electricity from fossil fuels . And there has been a big push , in Europe in particular , to cut back on the amount of biodegradable waste that is being sent to landfills . According to the European Landfill Directive , the amount of biodegradable waste sent to landfills in member countries by 2020 must reach 35 percent of the levels reached in 1995 . The country that is leading the way in putting its biodegradable waste mountains to good use -- particularly in the world of biogas-powered cars -- is Sweden . That country -- which plans to eliminate petrol and diesel vehicles from their streets by 2020 -- already has 7,000 biogas cars on the road . It also has 779 biogas buses and the world 's first biogas train , which , according to The Ecologist , cost just 1 million euros  $ 1.4 million  to develop . E-mail to a friend Sources : Chartered Institute of Environmental Health ; U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ; Planet Ark ; U.S. Department of Agriculture ; University of Arizona ; World Food Program ; Waste & Resources Action Program  WRAP  ; Friends of the Earth  UK  ; National Society for Clean Air ; The Ecologist ; Just-food . com ; Food Production Daily ; Endhunger.org	5 percent of American 's leftovers could feed 4 million people for 1 day Disposing of food waste costs the U.S. $ 1 billion a year Rotting food releases methane , a more potent greenhouse gas than CO2 Methane can be harnessed to create clean energy for heat , light and fuel
Tuesday marks the 40th anniversary of the Roe v. Wade Supreme Court decision . In a 7-2 ruling on January 22 , 1973 , the justices declared laws prohibiting abortion violated a woman 's constitutional right to privacy . They also said states could regulate abortion procedures in the interest of a woman 's health or in protecting a potential human life starting at the end of the pregnancy 's first trimester . Abortion was legal under common law in the United States leading up to the 19th century , says Leslie Reagan , professor of history and law at the University of Illinois and author of "  When Abortion was a Crime . " Early laws only prohibited the use of toxic substances to cause miscarriages after "  quickening , " or when a woman feels her child move -- usually four or five months into the pregnancy . "  That was the moral point where people understood there was a life , " Reagan says . Since then , the definition of life has been debated many times over , but Roe v. Wade remains the law of the land . Opinion : Millennials have the power to protect Roe v. Wade Learn more about the events leading up to this historic decision , and what 's happened in the four decades since the ruling : 1821 : Connecticut passes the first law in the United States to restrict abortion . It prohibits the use of a toxic substance to cause a miscarriage after "  quickening . " A number of other states follow . 1873 : Anthony Comstock , head of the New York Society for the Suppression of Vice , lobbies to pass the Comstock Law , a federal law banning the selling or distributing of materials related to contraception and abortion . 1930s : The number of abortions increases significantly during the Great Depression . "  The Depression years make vivid the relationship between economics and reproduction , " Reagan writes . "  Married women with children found it impossible to bear the expense of another , and unmarried women could not afford to marry . " The dangerous practice of unregulated abortions led to a high U.S. maternal mortality rate , Reagan says . In her book , she cites a study done in 1931 showing illegal procedures are responsible for 14 % of maternal deaths . 1950s : Hospitals start to form "  therapeutic abortion boards " to decide whether doctors can perform an abortion on a case-by-case basis , according to Reagan . Therapeutic abortions are allowed by law if the mother 's life is in danger . Hospital restrictions generated resentment among physicians who felt "  shackled " by the law , Reagan writes . 1955 : Planned Parenthood organizes a conference , "  Abortion in the United States , " that includes testimony from sex researcher Alfred Kinsey , abortionist G. Lotrell Timanus and Planned Parenthod 's then-medical director Mary Calderone . A record of the conference is published in 1958 , launching a national discussion on reformed abortion laws . 1960s : Pat Maginnis founds the Society for Humane Abortion , later becoming one of the first people to publicly campaign for legalizing abortion . "  They thought she was insane , " Reagan says of Maginnis ' fellow pro-choice advocates . "  They 're trying to start talking about reform ... and having her out there was hurting them . " 1962 : Sherri Finkbine , an Arizona mother of four , travels to Sweden after a local hospital denies her request for a legal abortion . Finkbine had taken the drug thalidomide , which researchers linked to birth defects . The hospital was initially going to perform the procedure but withdrew its offer after Finkbine told her story to the local newspaper in hopes of alerting mothers to the dangers of the drug . The resulting publicity threw her into the middle of a worldwide debate . 1969 : A group of young women in Chicago starts "  Jane , " an underground system that helps women find safe and affordable illegal abortions . Eventually they learn to perform the procedures themselves , completing nearly 12,000 abortions from 1969 to 1973 , according to a documentary about the group . Two significant court cases -- People v. Belous and Doe v. Scott , which reached the Supreme Court in 1971 -- declare abortion laws unconstitutional . "  That prompted people all over the place to start putting together cases ... challenging state abortion laws , " Reagan says . 1970 : By the early 1970s , 20 states have passed abortion reform or repeal laws . Hawaii , Alaska , New York and Washington state have legalized abortion . 1972 : The Supreme Court legalizes the use of birth control pills for all women , regardless of marital status . Before the decision , only married women were able to receive the pill through a doctor 's prescription . 1973 : The Supreme Court settles Roe v. Wade and Doe v. Bolton , declaring abortion a right-to-privacy issue and hospital therapeutic abortion boards unconstitutional . "  Though often overlooked since ,  Bolton  was as important as Roe , " Reagan writes . "  The Court held in Doe v. Bolton that policies designed to restrict access to abortion ... violated the rights of women to health care and of physicians to practice . " 1976 : In Planned Parenthood of Central Missouri v. Danforth , the Supreme Court declares a statute that requires parental and spousal consent for abortions unconstitutional . Congress enacts the Hyde Amendment for the first time , banning the use of federal funds for abortion except in cases of rape , incest or endangerment of the mother 's life . This amendment has been attached to the congressional appropriations bill and approved by Congress every year since then . 1983 : In Akron v. Akron Center for Reproductive Health , the Supreme Court declares unconstitutional an Ohio law that requires all abortions after the first trimester be performed at a hospital , a 24-hour waiting period and parental consent for girls younger than 15 . 1989 : The Supreme Court deals a blow to anti-abortion forces in Webster v. Reproductive Health Services by striking down a law that requires doctors to test the viability of the fetus before an performing any abortion . Three justices said they would allow restrictions on abortion but only if the restrictions had a rational basis . 1992 : Supporters on either side of the abortion issue are left confused after the Supreme Court rules on Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania . v. Casey . The court says abortion regulations that present an "  undue burden " on women 's constitutional right will be prohibited ; critics say "  undue burden " is too vague . 1994 : President Bill Clinton signs the Abortion-Clinic Protection Bill into law , which is designed to protect abortion clinics from attacks , blockades and acts of intimidation by pro-life protesters . 2000 : The Food and Drug Administration approves the abortion pill RU-486 . The drug enables a woman to terminate a pregnancy within seven weeks from her last menstrual period , without the need for a surgical abortion . 2003 : President George W. Bush signs the "  partial-birth abortion " bill , outlawing the procedure known as intact dilation and extraction  D&X  . Federal judges quickly issue injunctions that temporarily nullify the law 's effect for many abortion providers . 2004 : About 800,000 demonstrators gather in Washington for the "  March for Women 's Lives , " a protest against Bush 's reproductive rights policies . This is the largest abortion-rights demonstration since a 1992 rally that drew at least 500,000 participants . 2007 : The Supreme Court upholds the partial-birth abortion law 5-4 in the first federal restriction on a particular abortion method since Roe v. Wade . In a bitter dissent read from the bench , Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg says the majority 's opinion "  can not be understood as anything other than an effort to chip away a right declared again and again by this court . " 2009 : President Barack Obama ends a ban on the use of U.S. foreign aid funds by international family planning programs that provided abortions or advice on obtaining one . The ban had first been instituted in 1984 by President Ronald Reagan . George Tiller , a physician who performed late-term abortions , is shot and killed in Wichita , Kansas . Tiller , who had been subject to antiabortion protests and harassment for more than 20 years , was the first abortion provider killed since 1998 . 2011 : Voters in Mississippi reject the "  personhood " amendment , which would have outlawed all forms of abortion , including for cases of rape , incest and life-threatening pregnancies . Research from the Alan Guttmacher Institute finds the number of abortions is at its lowest level since Roe v. Wade , remaining steady at about 1.2 million reported procedures in 2011 , down 25 % since the all-time high in 1990 . 2012 : Susan G. Komen for the Cure announces it will cut off funding to affiliates of Planned Parenthood . The organization reverses the decision three days later amid a public outcry . The Supreme Court upholds President Obama 's Affordable Care Act , better known as Obamacare . Starting in 2014 , the level of abortion coverage each woman will receive will depend on their state 's policy , according to the Kaiser Family Foundation . The ACA prohibits states from including abortion in any essential benefits package and no plan in an insurance exchange is required to offer abortion coverage . In addition , states can bar all plans participating in the exchanges from covering abortions . Sources : "  When Abortion Was A Crime , " by Leslie Reagan ; Kaiser Family Foundation ; 4,000 Years For Choice ; NPR ; National Right to Life .	Abortion was legal under common law leading up to the 19th century The first law was passed in 1821 , banning use of toxic substances Several federal court decisions paved the way for Roe v. Wade
CNN  -- An American school founder who young Haitian men once hailed as a savior was sentenced Tuesday to nearly 20 years in prison for sexually abusing them . Douglas Perlitz , 40 , was sentenced in federal court in New Haven , Connecticut , to 19 years and 7 months behind bars for abusing the Haitian men when they were boys under his care , said Bruce Foucart , special agent in charge of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement  ICE  Office of Homeland Security Investigations in Boston . "  We 're very pleased with the sentence , " he said . "  He was brought to justice and I hope it sends a strong message to people who are doing that or who are even thinking about doing that . " Judge Janet Bond Arterton imposed the sentence , which includes 10 years of supervised release . Perlitz arrived in the northern Haitian city of Cap-Haitien in 1997 . There , he opened a charitable school called the Project Pierre Toussaint  PPT  . He got homeless boys off the streets and gave them shelter , food and education . "  When I met Mr. Douglas , he appeared to us like Jesus Christ himself come to rescue us , " said Francilien Jean-Charles , who was only 12 when he was plucked by Perlitz and brought to the school . Over the years , PPT grew into a 10-acre compound with dorms , classrooms and a soccer field . Perlitz frequently flew back to Fairfield , Connecticut , to raise money . According to court documents , from 2002 to 2008 , donors gave more than $ 2 million to help care for the kids . Perlitz 's alma mater , Fairfield University , awarded him an honorary degree in 2002 for helping homeless boys in Haiti . But Perlitz was hardly the man he appeared to be . "  I thanked God when I met Douglas , " said Jean-Charles . "  But when things started to turn bad , I realized it would have been better if I never came to PPT . " Perlitz wore a watch that lit up and at night , he used it to seek out the boys , they said . Fredlin Legrand said he woke up to see Perlitz next to him . "  He gave me a pill that made me fall asleep and when I woke up , I found my pants covered in sperm , " Legrand told CNN . Jean-Charles and a dozen other boys told CNN they were routinely raped by Perlitz for years . But they were afraid to speak out against the man who had been such a boon for the city . Finally , in 2007 , some of the boys approached their teachers and other adults . No one believed what they were hearing . Brian Russell , a donor for the school , said Perlitz was a miracle maker , not a pedophile . "  There was no way that this man could have committed these things that people were accusing him of . It seemed utterly out of the realm of possibility , " Russell said . "  There was too much goodness . The heart was too big . " The boys grew desperate . They painted graffiti on the outer walls of the school , most of which has been painted over . But one plea for help still exists : "  Welcome , Haitian National Police . " The police never came , but journalist Cyrus Sibert noticed the writing on the wall . "  I told the boys , I will go to the end with you , " Sibert said . "  Are you ready ? " But even after Sibert aired his interviews with the boys , Haitian authorities and American donors still did not believe the accusations . It was only after an American volunteer at the school relayed accusations of older boys raping younger ones that red flags went up . Russell said the volunteer demanded from the headmaster that something be done immediately . His response was : "  Well , that 's really hard because Douglas has been doing this for the last 10 years . " Russell felt broken , betrayed . "  I felt like all the money I had donated , the time that I had given , something that we had worked so hard for was gone . " In September 2009 , U.S. ICE agents picked up the case and arrested Perlitz . He denied the accusations , but in August , Perlitz pleaded guilty to one count of traveling with the intent to engage in illicit sexual conduct . He also admitted to engaging in sexual conduct with eight minors . The defense requested a delay in sentencing , contending Haiti 's January earthquake , cholera outbreak and election-related street violence made it impossible to thoroughly review the prosecution 's claims against Perlitz . The court denied the request . In addition , the defense maintained that Perlitz himself was a victim of sexual abuse . According to a defense memorandum , while he was at Fairfield University , "  a priest began a relationship with Doug that ... ultimately took on a dark aspect , both physically and spiritually , that had a significant and long-lasting impact on him . " The prosecution quickly responded , saying : "  Perlitz 's sexual abuse of minors , abuse which lasted for a decade or more , shows him to be nothing more than a wolf in sheep 's clothing -- an American man who traveled to Haiti purporting to care for homeless children when in reality he preyed upon the desperation of these children so that he could sexually abuse them . " Some of the boys , now young men , were in court Tuesday for the sentencing . They faced the man who abused them for years and spoke about their experience , bringing a sense of reality to the courtroom , said Foucart . They testified about how afraid of Perlitz they were and how he threatened to throw them out of the school and back on the streets if they spoke up . Paul Kendrick , an advocate for victims of abuse familiar with the case , was in court . He said Perlitz apologized to his victims at one point during the proceeding . "  The judge , I thought , gave a very strong sentence and a very strong message , " said Kendrick . "  American citizens will be held accountable for their actions with minors no matter where they are in the world . " Watch Anderson Cooper 360  weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360  click here .	NEW : Several of the victims spoke about the abuse Douglas Perlitz began a charitable school in Cap-Haitien He was believed to be a great humanitarian Perlitz admitted to engaging in sexual conduct with eight minors
CNN  -- For some , going to work after losing a son would be unthinkable . For others , it 's a way to cope . That 's the route Minnesota Vikings running back Adrian Peterson took , choosing to play Sunday , just two days after the death of his son , who was living with his mother in South Dakota . The woman 's 27-year-old boyfriend , Joseph Robert Patterson , has been arrested on felony battery and assault charges in the child 's death , according to Sioux Falls , South Dakota , police . "  Even if it 's bad , I try and take the good from it . That 's the way I approach life , with all situations , " Peterson told reporters after the game . "  I never thought about not playing . It was all about going out there and praying that I had the strength to get through and help my team , so that was my focus . " Peterson , who rushed for a season-low 62 yards and caught three passes for 21 yards in the Vikings ' 35-10 loss to the Carolina Panthers , took some heat for the decision from people who questioned how he could play a football game so soon after losing a child . In a text to a Fox Sports reporter , Peterson said he decided to play Sunday for the same reason he participated in the NFL 's skills testing event for potential draft picks a day after his brother died in 2007 . "  God wants good to come from it , " he told NFL on FOX sideline reporter Laura Okmin in a text before the game Sunday . "  We mourn and grieve , but heaven had the baddest welcoming party for my son . That knowledge gives me peace , " Peterson said , according to Fox . "  I 'm still hurt and feel the pain of life , but I 'm able to function because of the peace and joy of knowing my loved ones are in a much better place . " Peterson confirmed the child was his in a tweet Friday . He tweeted that another child , Adrian Peterson Jr. , lives with him and is fine , and he asked people to stop distributing pictures of that child . On Friday , he tweeted thanks to fellow players , some of whom had taken to the social network to defend his decision to play . "  The NFL is a fraternity of brothers and I am thankful for the tweets , phone calls and text messages from my fellow players , " he tweeted Friday . After Sunday 's game , Peterson 's teammate , tight end Kyle Rudolph , praised Peterson 's determination and heart . "  I ca n't imagine , you know , the heavy heart that he had today , being out on the field , " Rudolph said . "  But he spoke to us right before the game , right before he took the field and said he was going to give it his all , for all four quarters , and that 's exactly what he did . " "  He said , ` I 'm going to give it my all , and I expect you guys to do the same , ' " Rudolph said . "  For a guy like that , how can you not ? "	NFL running back plays two days after learning a son had died Adrian Peterson said he never thought about sitting out Sunday 's game "  God wants good to come from it , " Fox Sports reported Peterson said in a text message Peterson 's Minnesota Vikings lost 35-10 to the Carolina Panthers in Sunday 's game
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- The death toll from the disastrous building collapse in Bangladesh last month has risen above 700 , authorities said Tuesday , as recovery workers continued to pull bodies from the rubble . The building , which housed five factories full of garment workers , caved in nearly two weeks ago , burying hundreds of people in a heap of mangled concrete in Savar , a suburb of the capital , Dhaka . It is the South Asian nation 's deadliest industrial disaster . Rescue workers managed to save more than 2,400 people in the aftermath of the collapse , but their work for the past week has focused on using heavy machinery to uncover the remaining bodies buried inside the ruins . The number of people confirmed dead from the disaster reached 705 on Tuesday , according to Jitendra Kumar Nath , a senior official with the district administration of Dhaka A large number of people have continued to wait near the site of the collapse for news of missing relatives . Their gathering point is a school playing field where bodies retrieved from the ruins are taken for initial identification attempts . The task of identifying is made all the more difficult by the decomposed state of many of the bodies . The recovery effort is expected to continue for several more days . From Boston to Bangladesh : ` My heart has n't stopped breaking ' Blame spread around The owners of the building and the factories are under police investigation over accusations they ordered workers to enter the premises on the day of the collapse despite cracks appearing in the structure the day before . Preliminary results of a government inquiry into the building collapse found that "  heavy machinery and high-capacity generators " were "  largely responsible , " the state-run Bangladesh Sangbad Sangstha News Agency reported last week . "  During the inquiry , we have found that use of substandard materials during the construction also contributed to the building collapse , " the leader of the inquiry , Main Uddin Khandaker , told BSS . Bangladesh vs. the U.S. : How much does it cost to make a denim shirt ? Bangladesh 's $ 20 billion garment industry accounts for 77 % of the country 's exports . Among those caught up in the finger-pointing after the building collapse disaster are Western retailers and clothing brands that Bangladeshi suppliers say put heavy pressure on prices , resulting in bad pay and conditions for workers . At the weekend , representatives of Bangladesh 's government , industry and workers issued a joint statement laying out an "  action plan " to improve worker safety in the wake of the disaster . The European Union has said it is considering trade action against Bangladesh if it does n't take clear steps to improve the safety conditions of its millions of garment workers . In November , a fire at Tazreen Fashions Factory , a garment maker in another suburb of Dhaka , killed at least 112 people . Opinion : The bloodshed behind our cheap clothes	The death toll reaches 705 , a government official says Authorities still do n't know exactly how many bodies remain buried in the rubble More than 2,400 people were rescued after of the collapse in Savar , Dhaka Bangladesh has come under pressure to improve worker safety
CNN  -- A United Airlines 787 Dreamliner was diverted due to a mechanical problem , the third such incident for Dreamliners in six days . United Flight 94 was on its way to Denver early Sunday when it was forced to fly back to the Houston airport where the flight had originated , United Airlines said . The cause : an issue with the brake indicator . The plane landed without incident and with no passenger injuries , said Boeing , which makes the Dreamliner . On Tuesday , another United Airlines Dreamliner flight made an unscheduled landing . That flight was on its way from Denver to Tokyo , when it was diverted to Seattle because of an indicated problem with its oil filter . 787 Dreamliner diverted to Seattle after oil filter problem On Thursday a third United 787 flight was diverted to Newark 's Liberty International Airport in New Jersey , United said , due to a "  low oil indication . " That Dreamliner -- which was en route from London to Houston , also landed safely . The incidents come six months after the Federal Aviation Administration and other officials grounded the Dreamliner worldwide due to troubles with its battery system . "  The 787 is a great airplane and we know it will continue to receive heightened attention when reliability events occur in service , " Boeing spokeswoman Yvonne Leach said Sunday . Can the ` game-changer ' still live up to its name ? Additional Dreamliners The 787 Dreamliner began service in the U.S. in 2012 . The entire global fleet of 50 Dreamliners was grounded in January after two battery overheating incidents triggered concerns among safety officials . Among the Dreamliner 's innovative new designs is a battery system that uses new , lighter lithium-ion batteries . In April , the FAA ordered all 787 operators to make specific modifications . United has been flying its fleet of six 787s since May 20 . United is the sole domestic operator of the airplane , which boasts high fuel efficiency due to the light-weight carbon-composite materials used in its wings and fuselage . In an apparent show of confidence in the new airliner , United announced Tuesday it is ordering 20 additional Dreamliners , specifically the 787-10 model , which is a longer version of the plane . The plane represents a new generation of efficient wide-body , long-range airliners , helping to make it among the world 's most watched aircraft . Airlines worldwide have committed to buy the plane , and hundreds of millions of dollars are riding on Dreamliner 's success . Boeing 's rival Airbus flew a similar airliner , its highly anticipated A350 XWB , for the first time on June 14 at its facility in Toulouse , France . The Dreamliner returns : 5 things to know CNN 's Thom Patterson contributed to this report	A United Airlines 787 Dreamliner is forced to fly back to Houston The cause of the problem : an issue with the brake indicator On Tuesday , another Dreamliner flight made an unscheduled landing Spokeswoman : "  We know it will continue to receive heightened attention "
CNN  -- A collision involving two big-rigs and a car Wednesday caused an explosion that sent flames and clouds of smoke billowing and collapsed a highway overpass just north of Detroit , Michigan . Fire rages at the site of a tanker crash and overpass collapse on I-75 north of Detroit , Michigan , Wednesday . One of the tankers was traveling on the Interstate 75 about 8:30 p.m. in Hazel Park , near the Nine-Mile overpass , when the collision caused an explosion , said Lt. Shannon Simms of the Michigan State Police . It was headed northbound , said Bill Shreck of the Department of Transportation . Hazel Park is about 10 miles north of downtown Detroit . The explosion erupted upward , causing the overpass , carrying two lanes in each direction , to collapse , Simms said . Watch footage of fire " Firefighters put out the blaze late Wednesday and were able to locate all three drivers of the vehicles involved in the crash . The three suffered minor injuries . One of the tankers was filled with thousands of gallons of fuel , Simms said . "  I just saw a huge ball of flame go up when I was at the red light , just went up in flame , " said witness Mary Greib . "  I took off running . " Said another witness , who did not want to be identified : "  We had a woman in a light-colored , midsized vehicle of some sort that was hesitant to pass the tanker . A number of vehicles were attempting to go around her in different directions . " He said he was one of them , and passed her on the right , after which the explosion occurred . "  We are not sure what happened , " he said . Vince Brennan said he was on the eighth floor of a nearby building when he heard the explosion coming from where "  a vicious curve " exists on the highway . "  I heard a whole bunch of boom , boom , boom , " he said . He ran to the window and looked down on a McDonald 's restaurant . "  You could n't even see it , it was so black with smoke , " he said . "  The flames had to be 30 , 40 feet in the air . "	Collision involving two big-rigs and a car erupts in a fiery explosion Force of explosion causes overpass to collapse onto I-75 , police say Three drivers involved in crash escape with minor injuries Witness who saw huge ball of flame "  took off running "
The White House and the Justice Department made clear Friday what had been expected all along : Attorney General Eric Holder will not face criminal prosecution under the contempt of Congress citation passed by the U.S. House . Legal experts noted this week in the runup to Thursday 's House vote that President Barack Obama 's assertion of executive privilege in the case would prevent a criminal prosecution under a practice dating to the Reagan administration . The House also cited Holder for civil contempt to give it the option of filing a lawsuit compelling Holder to turn over documents sought by Oversight Committee investigators linked to the failed Operation Fast and Furious weapons crackdown . Such a case was expected to take years to complete . A letter Friday from the Justice Department to House Oversight Committee Chairman Darrell Issa , who led the investigation that brought the contempt charge against Holder , explained that "  across administrations of both political parties , the longstanding position of the Department of Justice has been and remains that we will not prosecute " in such a circumstance . "  The department will not bring the congressional contempt citation before a grand jury or take any other action to prosecute the Attorney General , " concluded the letter from Deputy Attorney General James Cole . White House spokesman Jay Carney said the same thing Friday , saying "  it is an established principle , dating back to the administration of President Ronald Reagan , that the Justice Department does not pursue prosecution in a contempt case when the president has asserted executive privilege . " Fast and Furious investigation started with agent 's death A spokesman for Issa 's committee and another top congressional Republican , veteran Sen. Charles Grassley of Iowa , complained Friday that the refusal to prosecute showed a lack of independence by the U.S. attorney who would handle the case . "  It is regrettable that the political leadership of the Justice Department is trying to intervene in an effort to prevent the U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia from making an independent decision about whether to prosecute this case , " said Frederick Hill , the panel 's director of communications . Obama asserted executive privilege on some documents sought by Issa 's committee in its investigation of Operation Fast and Furious . The executive privilege assertion prevented the documents from being turned over on the grounds that they include internal deliberations traditionally protected from outside eyes . AME Church likens Congress 's Holder vote to ` evil strategies ' following Reconstruction The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives launched Operation Fast and Furious out of Arizona to track weapons purchases by Mexican drug cartels . It followed similar programs started in the Bush administration . However , Fast and Furious lost track of more than 1,000 firearms it was tracking , and two of the lost weapons turned up at the scene of the 2010 killing of U.S. Border Patrol agent Brian Terry . Issa , R-California , and Republicans contend that Holder and the Justice Department are concealing details of how Fast and Furious was approved and managed . Democrats argue that Issa and his GOP colleagues are using the issue to try to score political points by discrediting Holder and , by extension , the president in an election year . The showdown between Issa and Holder over the program dates to subpoenas issued last year by the House committee seeking a wide range of documents and other materials . Eventually , the committee reduced its demand to focus on documents involving decision-making after the Fast and Furious program was shut down . Executive privilege : A rocky legal and political road in U.S. history In particular , the committee wanted internal documents relating to the period after February 2011 , when the Justice Department sent Congress an erroneous letter -- later withdrawn -- that said top officials knew nothing about Fast and Furious until early that year . On Wednesday , Issa conceded that investigators lack any evidence that Holder knew of the failed weapons-tracking tactics of Fast and Furious . The contempt citation , he said , was for Holder 's failure to comply with subpoenas seeking specific documents . "  It 's not for what the attorney general knew about Fast and Furious , " Issa said . "  It 's about the attorney general 's refusal to provide the documents . " Carney said Friday that Issa 's comment showed the contempt citation was about politics . "  Remarkably , the chairman of the committee involved here has asserted that he has no evidence that the attorney general knew of operation Fast and Furious or did anything but take the right action when he learned of it . No evidence , " Carney said . "  So if you have no evidence , as he 's stated now about the White House and the attorney general , what else could this be than politics ? " In Thursday 's vote on criminal contempt , House Republicans were joined by 17 Democrats in citing Holder , while dozens of Democrats walked out in protest . The truth about the Fast and Furious scandal	The Justice Department cites the president 's executive privilege in the case The U.S. House cited Attorney General Eric Holder for contempt of Congress Democrats protested the contempt citation as a political move The dispute involves documents in Fast and Furious failed weapons crackdown
CNN  -- Rescuers hoping to find two hikers missing on the frigid slopes of Oregon 's Mount Hood faced worsening weather conditions Monday night as forecasters predicted white-out conditions that could severely hinder search efforts . "  Starting tonight and through tomorrow , it 's going to be windy , and white-out conditions are going to be highly likely , " said Scott Weishaar of the National Weather Service . Up to 2 feet of snow is expected to fall Monday night into Tuesday at the elevation where rescuers are searching for any signs of Anthony Vietti , 24 , and Katie Nolan , 29 , who have been missing since early Friday . A third hiker who was with them , 26-year-old Luke Gullberg , was found dead Saturday . A state deputy medical examiner said Monday that the cause was hypothermia , CNN affiliate KGW reported . Rescue crews took advantage of a brief break in the weather Monday afternoon to search previously unreachable higher elevations of the mountain . "  Unfortunately , we did not detect anything out of the ordinary as far as gear or people , " searcher Monte Smith told reporters . "  With increasing snowfall coming down , it 's going to make everything that much harder . " Weishaar said another series of storms Wednesday will dump another 10 inches to 18 inches of snow in the area , with temperatures in the low - to mid-20s . Snow was expected to start falling at 5 p.m. PT  8 p.m. ET  . "  We only have today . We know we only have today , " said Vietti 's aunt , Teri Preiss . Rescuers said they were putting no time limit on their efforts , and would do all they could despite the grim forecast . "  This remains a search and rescue mission , " Clackamas County Detective Jim Strovink told an afternoon news conference . "  We have two experienced climbers who were well-equipped . We have an obligation to continue on and that 's what we 're going to do . We owe that to the family and we owe that to the climbers . " Search crews will meet Tuesday morning to assess weather conditions and determine how to proceed , the Clackamas County Sheriff 's Office said after ending search efforts for the day Monday . Ground efforts have been severely hampered by avalanche conditions , which kept rescuers from accessing the parts of the mountain they wanted to reach early Monday morning . The avalanche threat also thwarted ground searches Sunday , authorities said . Searchers were also examining high-resolution photographs taken by aerial surveillance teams , hoping to find any sign of life . Capt. Chris Bernard of the U.S. Air Force 304th Rescue Squadron said infrared devices are being used as well . If the hikers have gone into a snow cave and have an air vent , the devices could pick up a heat signature , he said . When the three hikers set out at about 1 a.m. Friday  4 a.m. ET  , they were planning a fairly easy , "  semi-technical " hike in which they would come down the south side of the mountain , said Deputy Scott Meyers of the Clackamas County Sheriff 's Office . Preiss said pictures show "  it was a perfect climbing day , absolutely clear . " The three hikers sent out a message in advance saying that conditions were "  absolutely perfect " and that they would be back by late afternoon , she said . "  These kids loved , loved climbing . All three of them . They climbed together often . They climbed hard mountains together before . And they did it successfully and well . And they were careful climbers , " Preiss said . Dr. Christopher Young with the state medical examiner 's office said Gullberg had suffered minor injuries -- cuts , scrapes and bruises -- apparently caused by a fall , KGW reported . Investigators believe the 26-year-old was able to move himself after falling an unknown distance . "  Accidents can happen -- and it happened here , " Preiss said , describing Gullberg as a "  passionate young man " who was very well-prepared for all his hikes . David Vahey , a family friend of the Viettis , said , "  We know that they , all three , loved hiking and they all three loved Jesus . And we just want to ask for prayer . " The three hikers are from the Pacific Northwest . Vietti 's home is Longview , Washington ; Nolan 's is Portland , Oregon . Gullberg was from Des Moines , Washington . Gullberg 's MySpace page is filled with photos of him hiking in various places . A friend wrote Saturday on the page , "  I love you dude and miss you . " His grandmother , Marjorie Gullberg , said she will miss his smile . "  He was just like my son . He did everything for me , " CNN affiliate KPTV quoted her saying . Dennis Simons , a chaplain for the fire and police departments in the city of Sandy , Oregon , spent time with the families of all three on Sunday . "  They 're grieving and hoping . There are thousands of people around the world praying that Katie and Anthony will be found alive , " he told reporters , holding back tears . The mountain rises 11,239 feet above sea level , with a vast base that stretches over 92 miles  148 km  . It is the highest mountain in Oregon . Mount Hood is a dormant volcano with steam constantly spewing from holes , according to the Web site mthood.info . Gullberg 's death is the latest of many accidents on Mount Hood , KPTV reported . The worst occurred in May 1986 when nine people , including seven students from Oregon Episcopal School , died after they dug a snow cave during a sudden storm .	"  This remains a search and rescue mission , " Clackamas County detective says White-out conditions are expected , Weather Service says Avalanche conditions hamper search on Oregon 's Mount Hood for two hikers Third climber found dead over weekend
New Delhi  CNN  -- An Indian politician accused in U.S. diplomatic cables of sending a private jet to fetch a pair of sandals denied the allegations on Tuesday and said WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange had gone "  mad . " "  I would request the government of his country to send him  Assange  to a mental asylum and if they have no space for him in his country we can put him in our mental hospital , " Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh Mayawati , who goes by one name , said at a rare news conference . Mayawati 's blistering response comes a day after a U.S. cable released on WikiLeaks alleged she was a "  paranoid dictator " and that "  when she needed new sandals , her private jet flew empty to Mumbai to retrieve her preferred brand . " "  I have no information on when the plane was sent to Mumbai for bringing sandals as has been stated by a BJP  opposition party  leader , and it looks like he and the WikiLeaks owner had gone in the same plane , " Mayawati said . The Dalit  formerly "  untouchable "  leader is an icon for millions of low-caste Indians who were oppressed by upper caste Hindus for centuries . As the U.S. diplomatic cable explained , "  Dalits will remain with Mayawati regardless of poor governance , simply because the fact that one of their own is chief minister provides them heretofore unimaginable pride . " A member of the Bahujan Samaj Party  BSP  , Mayawati became the first Dalit woman chief minister in 2007 , winning elections in the country 's most populous state by a majority . The controversial leader has often been criticized for her extravagance in what is one of India 's poorest states . She has erected numerous enormous statues of herself across her state of Uttar Pradesh , spending more than a $ 1 billion dollars as a symbol of Dalit empowerment . She is often congratulated with garlands made out of 1000 rupee or $ 20 bank notes at her political rallies . And she 's known to have a penchant for designer handbags . But according to senior political journalist and co-author of Mayawati 's autobiography Ajoy Bose , the self-glorification works for her constituency . "  That 's the irony . In many ways , you find victim communities tend to look at larger-than-life leaders . Dalits are a particularly oppressed community , they were never even allowed to worship the same gods , so they never had their own icons . So she has very cleverly used this to her advantage . This is not just megalomania , it also plays well with her audience . And she is not just a whimsical autocrat , she is far too successful in politics to be dismissed as that . " On Tuesday , Mayawati rejected the allegations that she was "  obsessed with becoming Prime Minister " saying they were "  baseless " and indicative of "  anti-Dalit mentality . " The scathing report titled "  Portrait of a Lady " sent by U.S. diplomats in New Delhi quoted a local journalist 's account of the "  Dalit Queen " making a state minister do sit-ups as punishment for a minor error . In a paragraph titled "  Eccentric Paranoia , " the U.S. cable reported Mayawati employs nine cooks  two to cook , the others to watch over them  and two food tasters . The U.S cables cite "  local journalists " and Mayawati 's aide Satish Mishra as sources . Mishra , a Parliament member who is also known as Mayawati 's right hand man , is quoted in the cables of allegedly saying Mayawati has a "  penchant for personal corruption " and a "  strong authoritarian streak . " Mishra denied ever meeting a U.S. official in May 2007  the time mentioned in the cables  and threatened to take legal action . He told reporters on Tuesday , "  there is definitely some conspiracy behind it because a 2007 event is being talked about ahead of the 2012 Uttar Pradesh elections . " Bose was also surprised by the cables . "  We all know she is pretty eccentric and pretty dictatorial and she can splurge , but as far as these specific allegations are concerned , the sourcing seems to be suspect , " Bose said . According to Bose , Mayawati has always been a very controversial leader , and for the urban middle classes who "  dislike her intensely , " the WikiLeaks reports just confirm what they already think . As for whether these cables will affect Mayawati 's political pull , Bose said : "  She has n't done that much for the Dalits , but when your leader is attacked by a class and caste which has been seen as the oppressor , then you automatically cling to your leader even more strongly , so all of this may actually be doing Mayawati a favor . "	Mayawati denies allegations , says Assange is "  mad " She is a hero to millions of low-caste Indians Biographer says allegations may help make her more popular
London  CNN  -- WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange is at the Ecuadorian Embassy in London and has requested political asylum , officials and WikiLeaks said Tuesday . Ecuadorian Foreign Minister Ricardo Patino read a statement to reporters at a news conference in Quito . He took no questions . Assange has been fighting for a year and a half against being sent to Sweden for questioning about accusations of sexual abuse . Two women accused him in August 2010 of sexually assaulting them during a visit to Sweden in connection with a WikiLeaks release of internal U.S. military documents . "  Julian Assange has requested political asylum and is under the protection of the Ecuadorian embassy in London , " WikiLeaks wrote on its Twitter page . The embassy also released a statement on its website saying Assange , an Australian , arrived there in the afternoon and will remain at the embassy while his application is assessed . "  The decision to consider Mr. Assange 's application for protective asylum should in no way be interpreted as the government of Ecuador interfering in the judicial processes of either the United Kingdom or Sweden , " the statement said . The Supreme Court of the United Kingdom last week dismissed an application filed by an attorney for Assange seeking to reopen his appeal against extradition . The application was Assange 's last option in the British courts . Britain 's Crown Prosecution Service has previously said if the court dismissed Assange 's appeal , his only further remedy would be to apply immediately to the European Court of Human Rights , and Assange 's attorneys have vowed to do so . Britain 's Foreign and Commonwealth Office acknowledged Assange 's request for political asylum in a statement , and said it would work with Ecuadorian authorities to "  resolve this situation as soon as possible . " Assange has not been charged with a crime , but Swedish prosecutors want to question him about allegations of "  unlawful coercion and sexual misconduct including rape , " according to a Supreme Court document . He has been under house arrest in Britain since December 2010 . Assange has maintained his innocence and claims the allegations against him are politically motivated . He fears that if he is extradited to Sweden , authorities there could hand him over to the United States , where he then could be prosecuted for his role in the leaking of classified documents . WikiLeaks , which facilitates the anonymous leaking of secret information , has published some 250,000 confidential U.S. diplomatic cables , causing embarrassment to the government and others . It also has published hundreds of thousands of classified U.S. documents relating to the conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan . Recently , the organization has come under financial pressure , leading Assange to announce that WikiLeaks was temporarily stopping publication to "  aggressively fund raise " in order to stay afloat . An announcement at the top of WikiLeaks ' home page reads : "  We are forced to put all our efforts into raising funds to ensure our economic survival . " During his wait for the Supreme Court to rule on his extradition , Assange has hosted a talk show on Russian TV . "  The World Tomorrow " appears on the Kremlin-funded , pro-Russian network Russia Today . He hosted it from the Suffolk , England , mansion where he is under house arrest with an electronic bracelet monitoring his movements . He has interviewed controversial figures at odds with the U.S. government , including Hassan Nasrallah , the leader of Hezbollah , which the United States considers a terrorist organization , and Ecuador 's president , Rafael Correa , who railed against the United States in his interview with Assange . In 2010 , a statement from Ecuador 's foreign ministry appeared to offer the controversial Assange an invitation to discuss a trove of leaked documents . The ministry also offered to process a request for residency , if Assange chose . But a later statement from the Ecuadorian Embassy in the United States said that was not the case . "  While there was some confusion in the media flowing out of Quito yesterday , Ecuador 's President Rafael Correa has clarified that his country has not invited WikiLeaks ' founder Julian Assange to Ecuador , " the statement read . In Ecuador , Correa said at the time that his country had not made a formal invitation to Assange and that the ministry declaration , made by Deputy Foreign Minister Kintto Lucas , was "  spontaneous " and personal in nature . WikiLeaks founder Assange to make debut as talk show host CNN en Espa  ol 's Bertha Ramos-Rodriguez contributed to this report .	British foreign office acknowledges Julian Assange 's asylum request He has been under house arrest in Britain since 2010 The WikiLeaks founder is fighting extradition to Sweden Assange is wanted for questioning in Sweden on sexual assault allegations
CNN  -- If Kerry Drake missed his connecting flight , he would n't get to the hospital in time to say goodbye to his mother . Drake got the news on the morning of January 24 that his mother , who had been ill for years from rheumatoid arthritis and had been especially sick the last four months , was dying . To get to his mother in Lubbock , Texas , the San Francisco resident booked a United Airlines flight , with only 40 minutes between connecting flights in Houston . When his first flight was delayed , Drake thought he would miss his connecting flight to Lubbock , the last one of the day . Sometimes , airlines go the extra mile He started crying , obviously distraught . The flight attendants brought napkins for his tears , said they would do what they could to help , and most importantly , got his connecting flight information to the captain , he told CNN . When he got off the airport train and was running toward the gate , "  I was still like maybe 20 yards away when I heard the gate agent say , ` Mr. Drake , we 've been expecting you , ' " he said . The captain had radioed ahead With the information from the flight attendants , the captain had radioed ahead about Drake 's situation , and the Lubbock crew had delayed departure to get him on board . Until that point , Drake had been rushing on adrenaline to make the flight . Finally sitting on that second airplane , he realized how much had gone into helping him get on that plane . "  I was overcome with emotion , " he said . Even his luggage arrived on time . The Houston ground crew made sure of it . He made it to the hospital in time to see his mother . "  At one point she opened her eyes , and I think she recognized me , " said Drake , who spent the night at the hospital . "  Around 4 a.m. she had a real moment of coherence , a last rally , although we did n't know it at the time . It was the last time . " She died that morning . Employees working together Drake wrote to United Airlines upon his return to ensure that the flight attendants , pilots , gate agents and baggage handlers who helped him that day were thanked for their service . His story made it into an employee newsletter as an example of what employees could do . "  Our employees really worked together that day to help this customer , " said United spokeswoman Megan McCarthy . "  This almost never happens , " wrote Christopher Elliott , who first told Drake 's story on his airline consumer advocate website , via e-mail . "  Airline employees are evaluated based on their ability to keep a schedule . Airlines compete with each other on who has the best on-time departure record . " Pilot holds flight for man going to see dying grandson "  When the crew on this flight heard about this distraught passenger trying to make his connection , they must have said , ` To hell with it , ' " wrote Elliott , who 's also the reader advocate for National Geographic Traveler . "  And they made the right call . " Read the latest news on CNN.com	A passenger had to catch two flights to make it to his mother 's bedside in time Flight crews are usually under pressure to make sure their flights take off and land on time Kerry Drake wrote to United Airlines to thank their employees for helping him that day
Travel Leisure  -- When he 's not doing 200 mph around the racetrack , NASCAR champion driver Kurt Busch is feeding a need besides speed : his love of sports . "  After the NASCAR schedule comes out , I strategically make plans to get to a unique sporting event at least once a month , " says the passionate fan , making a point of visiting baseball parks and other sports attractions like museums and stadiums along the racing circuit . And he 's hardly alone . Sports-related tourism is big bucks in America . Super Bowl XLVIII was widely touted  if disputed  as having a $ 600 million economic impact in the New York City region . Chump change next to the billions surrounding the XXII Olympic Winter Games in Sochi , Russia . But avowed sports nuts do n't need big-ticket events to bring out their passion . Under-the-radar activities and the chance to show their love of the game -- any game -- while on vacation can transform a trip into an unforgettable experience . From shooting hoops in Springfield , Massachusetts , to surfing San Diego 's waves , we 've sweated the details to identify itineraries for sports fans whatever their home team may be . Game on . See all of America 's best vacations for sports fans Indianapolis : The brickyard and basketball Getting behind the wheel of an IndyCar for a high-speed ride around one of the world 's most famous tracks will make anyone -- from everyday gear heads to racing aficionados -- want to "  Kiss the Bricks " like Brickyard race winners have done since 1996 . Basketball  and sports movie  fans can relive the "  Milan Miracle of 1954 " at both the Milan '54 Hoosiers Museum and the Hinkle Fieldhouse , where the historic high school game was played  and where much of the movie "  Hoosiers , " on which it 's based , was filmed  . Time out : Dinner is a scene -- with all the black-and-white photos to prove it -- at St. Elmo Steak House , where hundreds of athletes and celebrities have dined since its 1902 opening . Cleveland and Canton : Rock the pigskin In northeast Ohio , rock star quarterbacks and actual rock stars get equal air time . Canton 's Pro Football Hall of Fame pays homage to the gridiron 's greats and is fresh off a 2013 renovation/expansion that now includes interactive exhibits , like an Instant Replay challenge where visitors can play referee and decide whether to overturn or confirm rulings on the field . There 's no more iconic football anthem than Queen 's "  We Will Rock You , " so pay homage afterward in Cleveland 's Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum . Time out : Holidays and sports go hand-in-hand , so make time for a cult classic with a stop in Cleveland 's A Christmas Story House and Museum  leg lamp included  . Coolest Olympic stadiums Upstate New York : Champions getaway Start in Cooperstown , New York , at America 's oldest professional sports Hall of Fame , the National Baseball Hall of Fame , which celebrates its 75th anniversary this year with special programming , including concerts on Doubleday Field , the birthplace of the sport . While in town , pose with legends of the past at the Heroes of Baseball Wax Museum . Just three hours north , channel our modern Olympic legends during a Lake Placid Adventure : bobsledding , skeleton runs , skiing and ice skating at the Olympic Sports Complex , the very rink where the U.S. defeated the Soviet Union in what became known as the "  Miracle on Ice . " Time out : Craft beer is fast becoming another great American pastime , with Cooperstown 's Ommegang at the forefront  brewery tours and tastings available  . Iowa to Illinois : Baseball road trip What could improve a day spent running the bases and playing catch on the Iowa baseball diamond where Field of Dreams was filmed ? Free admission ! Afterward , drive three hours east to Chicago to tour the dugout , clubhouse and press box at one of America 's most iconic ballparks : Wrigley Field , celebrating its 100th season this year . Navy Pier boasts two of Chi-town 's most obscure sports attractions : a stained-glass window depiction of Michael Jordan and a sports memorabilia collection in famed sportscaster Harry Caray 's Tavern , which features Sammy Sosa 's corked bat . Time out : On the drive to Chicago , stop at the charming town of Galena , Illinois , where the pre-presidency home of Ulysses S. Grant is open for tours . America 's best baseball stadiums San Diego : Skate and surf Sunny San Diego is a mecca for action sports nuts : surfing , BMX biking , hang gliding , mountain biking , and of course , skateboarding  it 's home to grinding legend Tony Hawk  . Practice your tricks at one of the area 's few dozen skateparks and surfing beaches , and celebrate the Golden State 's iconic surfing culture at the California Surf Museum a bit north in Oceanside . Team sports fans have a pilgrimage point , too , at the Padres ' Petco Park , one of America 's best baseball stadiums thanks to its beach and palm trees beyond center field . Time out : Traveling with kids ? You ca n't miss LEGOLAND . For beautiful views , the Ocean Terrace of George 's California Modern offers sustainable seafood and panoramic scenes of La Jolla Cove . Louisville : Bats , boxing and on-track betting There may not be a professional sports team in Louisville , Kentucky , but its sporty offerings are still top-notch -- especially if you 've got a gambling bent . The Kentucky Derby  one of the most-watched sporting events of the year  takes place in May , but you can see a horse race at Churchill Downs any time of the year  no big hat required  ; an on-site museum offers exhibits on winning horses and Derby fashion through the years . Other area activities include a bat-making demonstration at the Louisville Slugger Museum and Factory and the cultural center dedicated to legendary boxer and native son Muhammad Ali . Time out : Whiskey fans will appreciate the area 's proximity to the eight distilleries  and tasting rooms  on the Kentucky Bourbon Trail . Philadelphia : Yo , Adrian ! Maybe it 's ironic that the City of Brotherly Love is famous for a series of films where boxers go after each other with a fury normally reserved for Eagles fans after a loss , but that 's part of what makes Philly a great sports town .  In fact , it ranks as the No. 1 most sports-crazed city in America . Pretend to be Rocky and run the Philadelphia Art Museum steps -- and snap a selfie with the man himself , immortalized in bronze at their base -- before visiting boxing legend Joe Frazier 's gym , which was just added to the National Register of Historic Places . All three of Philadelphia 's professional sports stadiums are in the same complex . Time out : Order a cheesesteak or  even better  roast pork sandwich at Tony Luke 's , just a few minutes from the stadiums . America 's best stadium food Orlando : Sports by Disney Turning a Disney vacation into a sports lover 's trip is an easy win in Orlando . Pretend to be a famous NASCAR driver -- or international spy/supervillain , with the exotic car option -- at the Richard Petty Driving Experience , during which race cars reach 120 mph . Events are held regularly at Disney 's ESPN Wide World of Sports in nine venues that accommodate more than 60 different sports , from football to lacrosse to track and field and volleyball , including the Atlanta Braves ' spring training . For dinner , head to Universal Studios ' NASCAR Sports Grille , which is full of racing memorabilia , or dine on a basketball court at NBA City . Time out : In nearby Winter Park , extreme water sports fans can try a new activity that seems straight out of a science fiction movie , the Jet Ski-meets-jet pack Flyboard . Las Vegas : Scoring with bikini football What could be more fitting in the City of Sin than an evening watching lingerie-clad ladies playing football ? The Las Vegas Sin is one of a dozen teams in the Lingerie Football League that holds games from April to August . On the strip , SCORE ! at the Luxor is a suitably over-the-top interactive sports experience that boasts more than 100 pro athlete visits annually , authentic sports memorabilia and physical tests like throwing a fastball and changing the tire on a NASCAR vehicle . Thrill-seekers may even want to try indoor skydiving and one of the many machine-gun shooting ranges . Time out : At the Palazzo , celeb chef Emeril has kicked up a former club into one of the city 's best sportsbooks , Lagasse 's Stadium . North Carolina : Laps and layups It 's March Madness all the time in Chapel Hill and neighboring Durham , North Carolina , where college basketball fans are wild about rival teams the UNC Tar Heels and the Duke Blue Devils  at the infamously intense Cameron Stadium  . A road trip to nearby Charlotte is a treat for racing fans , too . The NASCAR Hall of Fame combines exhibits on racing 's greats with fun , interactive activities , while the Richard Petty Museum presents the racing legend 's accomplishments alongside his unexpected collections of guns , dolls and pocket watches . Most NASCAR team headquarters are open to the public as well and feature exhibits on popular drivers . Time out : Grab a souvenir at the Sam Bass Art Gallery , featuring intensely colored paintings and prints by NASCAR 's first officially licensed artist . See all of America 's best vacations for sports fans Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Cities from Louisville to San Diego offer vacations perfect for sports fans Visitors can take an IndyCar for a high-speed ride around the track Iconic ballpark Wrigley Field celebrates its 100th season this year Disney 's ESPN Wide World of Sports hosts events for 60 different sports
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com . Although this is a challenging market for new grads , remember : Attitude can be the key to your success . Nate Torvik has mixed feelings about his upcoming graduation from Purdue University . While there 's relief that classes are over , exams have been taken and term papers turned in , what lies ahead is an extremely challenging and competitive job market . "  I feel like the wind has been taken out of my sails , " says Torvik , who received a bachelor 's degree in mass communication . "  There is so much pride and happiness that comes with graduation , but as soon as I step off that stage at graduation , I become another statistic of the current miserable economy . " Torvik is one of thousands of soon-to-be college graduates thinking about relocating for work this spring . While choosing the best place to settle down can be a daunting decision , the current economic climate has raised the stakes . "  I have been looking just about everywhere throughout the Midwest for a job because I do not want to be too far away from my family , but things are looking more bleak everywhere I turn , " Torvik says . For now , he 's working in retail and hopes it might open other doors to a job as an account executive at a marketing or advertising firm . Allison Lackey is one of the lucky ones ... for now . She is graduating with a communications degree from Millikin University and starts a ten-month stint as a traveling field consultant for Delta Delta Delta women 's fraternity . After that , she hopes to find a position as a marketing or PR specialist for a nonprofit organization . "  In a way , I am grateful to be searching for a job in this tough economy , " Lackey says . "  It has forced me to become comfortable with being able to articulate why I am the best candidate for the job and it has also forced me to learn how to network well with people in my field . " Top cities for new grads While many new grads tend to look for jobs near their college or hometowns , scores of them are considering locations they might not have when they entered school four or five years ago . "  Given the current economy , new grads looking to relocate are becoming increasingly concerned with the cost of living as they are faced with more competition for jobs than seen in previous years , " said Tammy Kotula , public relations and promotions manager at Apartments.com . "  With these very real concerns weighing on the minds of many , two leading online resources for apartments and jobs have come together to paint a realistic landscape of both the job market and cost of living in the most popular cities for young adults after college . " For new grads who plan to expand their job searches beyond their college or hometowns , Apartments.com and CBcampus.com just released the "  Top 10 Best Cities for Recent College Graduates . " The list is based on the ranking of the top U.S. cities with the highest concentration of young adults  age 20 -- 24  from the U.S. Census Bureau  2006  , inventory of jobs requiring less than one year of experience from CBcampus.com  2009  and the average cost of rent for a one bedroom apartment from Apartments.com  2009  . According to Apartments.com and CBcampus.com , the top 10 cities for new grads are : 1 . Indianapolis Average rent : * $ 625 Popular entry-level categories : ** sales , customer service , health care 2 . Philadelphia Average rent : $ 1,034 Popular entry-level categories : sales , customer service , management 3 . Baltimore Average rent : $ 1,130 Popular entry-level categories : sales , customer service , health care 4 . Cincinnati Average rent : $ 691 Popular entry-level categories : sales , customer service , health care 5 . Cleveland Average rent : $ 686 Popular entry-level categories : sales , marketing , customer service 6 . New York Average rent : $ 1,548 Popular entry-level categories : sales , customer service , admin-clerical 7 . Phoenix Average rent : $ 747 Popular entry-level categories : sales , customer service , marketing 8 . Denver Average rent : $ 877 Popular entry-level categories : sales , customer service , health care 9 . Chicago Average rent : $ 1,133 Popular entry-level categories : sales , marketing , customer service 10 . San Antonio Average rent : $ 696 Popular entry-level categories : sales , customer service , management Looking beyond your hometown If you are considering expanding your job search to other cities , here are some tips :  Contact an alumnus from your college who lives in that city and join your alumni chapter if there is one .  Get an insider 's perspective by familiarizing yourself with the local media and other resources . Read up on the city 's business and community news .  Develop a list of companies within the area and learn about their businesses and company cultures .  Register with a national recruitment agency ; interview with a recruiter in your local office and have that person put the word out to other offices in your target cities .  Consider spending a few days in your desired city to learn more , network and set up informational interviews . In your applications and cover letters , tell hiring managers the dates you 'll be in the city and available to interview . Although this is a challenging market for new grads , remember : Attitude can be the key to your success . The reality is that the job search will take longer for these new grads thrust into the "  real world " but the right mind-set can make you resilient . Consider the words from Elaine Goodwin , who plans to graduate this fall from Northern Illinois University : "  There is always something . I love the Japanese proverb that says ` Fall down seven , get up eight . ' I understand that it is going to be a tough economy to graduate in , but I will take the challenge and show companies how I can be an asset to them . You ca n't get discouraged because the world is not going to give you a break . " * Average rent of one bedroom apartment ** Using search term "  entry level " in that city Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2009 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority	Current economic climate has raised the stakes in choosing a place to settle down Apartments.com , CBcampus.com release list of best cities for recent college grads Indianapolis , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Cincinnati , Cleveland top the list Tip : Consider spending a few days in your desired city to learn more and network
CNN  -- One poker player gave new meaning to the saying "  throwing money down the drain . " Christian Lusardi , 42 , of Fayetteville , North Carolina , flushed $ 2.7 million worth of counterfeit poker chips down the toilet in a room at Harrah 's Resort and Casino in Atlantic City , New Jersey state police said . He was arrested over the weekend , police said . Lusardi disposed of the fake chips he was using during the Winter Poker Open 's "  Big Stack , No Limit Hold 'Em " event at the Borgata Hotel Casino and Spa , police said . Tournament personnel found 160 of the counterfeit poker chips -- each with a value of $ 5,000 , for a total of $ 800,000 -- among the genuine casino chips , police said . The discovery in clogged sewer pipes prompted Harrah 's to notify Borgata officials . The counterfeit chips forced officials to suspend the event for 24 hours . Soon after , the tournament was canceled . "  This was a very unusual occurrence . It 's the first time in Borgata 's 10 years that anything like this has happened , " Joe Lupo , senior vice president of operations at Borgata , told CNN . Authorities found Lusardi Friday at a motel in Atlantic City . Legendary gambler accused of marking cards in California casino "  We are very pleased that the New Jersey State Police Casino Gaming Bureau has apprehended a suspect , " Lupo said . "  While this is a very positive development , the investigation by the Division of Gaming Enforcement and the State Police is ongoing . " Police say Lusardi introduced the counterfeit chips into the tournament on multiple occasions . Lusardi obtained $ 6,814 in winnings during the tournament . Lusardi was charged with rigging a publicly exhibited contest , criminal attempt , and theft by deception . He was being held on $ 300,000 bail , with no option to pay 10 % , at the Atlantic City Jail , police said . The poker tournament began in mid-January with more than 4,800 people enrolled . When it was canceled Friday , 27 people remained in the tournament . Gambler gives $ 10K reward to Vegas cabbie who found his $ 300K	A poker player used fake chips in the Winter Poker Open in Atlantic City , cops say Christian Lusardi , 42 , flushed the chips down a hotel toilet , clogging the pipes , cops say Tournament officials had to cancel the event with 27 of 4,800 players left
CNN  -- Kate Hudson 's ex , Black Crowes rocker Chris Robinson , is going to be a dad again , a representative for the band confirmed in a statement Tuesday . Chris Robinson and girlfriend Allison Bridges will be having a child in early 2010 . Robinson and girlfriend Allison Bridges , who have been dating for two years , are expecting their first child in early 2010 , the statement said . The baby will be the 42-year-old frontman 's second child -- - he and Hudson have a 51/2 - year-old son , Ryder Russell , together . Hudson and Robinson were married for six years and their divorce was finalized in October 2006 . They were granted joint custody of their son . Robinson and his brother Rich formed the band that would eventually become the Black Crowes in the 1980s . The Crowes ' new album , "  Before the Frost ... Until the Freeze , " is in stores now .	Black Crowes frontman Chris Robinson having baby with girlfriend Robinson and girlfriend Allison Bridges have been dating for two years He and ex Kate Hudson have a 5-1/2 - year-old son , Ryder Russell , together
CNN  -- If you 're accosted at an airport by someone who already knows your name , destination and dietary requirements , do n't assume they 're working for the TSA . Virgin Atlantic has begun testing Google Glass . The airline is conducting a six-week experiment with the wearable technology for passengers in its Upper Class Lounge at London Heathrow airport . The web-connected specs should enable concierge staff to identify passengers arriving at the airport . With data flashing before their eyes , staff can update customers on their latest flight information , as well as weather and events at their destination . Once a passenger has been identified , the glasses promise to begin the check-in process automatically and perform services such as translating relevant foreign language travel notices . Would you want Google Glass in class ? Glasses on the other face Virgin is claiming a first for a trial of Google Glass in the airline industry . But others have predicted uses for the technology by passengers , rather than airline employees . The glasses could provide passengers with virtual , real-time maps of airports , for example -- no more hunting for a restroom . NYPD ogles Google Glass specs Taxi fare estimates and basic language prompts could appear before your retina on arrival at your destination . Once on location , the technology could provide a relatively effortless way of negotiating a museum , as well as feeding users snippets on the works of art . There might also be less of that helpless menu-stabbing . The glasses should at least enable you to tell whether you 're pointing at meat or fish . Although you 'll still have to order it .	Virgin Atlantic is testing Google 's wearable technology at Heathrow Airport Glasses identify passengers , provide flight updates and start check-in Device provides information on weather and events at destination
CNN  The prospect of a Palestinian state is nil so long as Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu stays in office , Netanyahu said in a Monday interview . Asked by an interviewer with the Israeli news site , NRG , if it was true that a Palestinian nation would never be formed while he 's prime minister , Netanyahu replied , "  Indeed . " His interview with NRG came as he courted conservative supporters a day before Israelis head to the polls for national elections . "  Anyone who is going to establish a Palestinian state , anyone who is going to evacuate territories today , is simply giving a base for attacks to the radical Islam against Israel , " he said . "  This is the true reality that was created here in the last few years . " Netanyahu went on to say that any opponents on the left who might argue otherwise are "  sticking their head in the sand , time and time again . " He further said a strong government led by his Likud Party is necessary to beat back international pressure to divide Jerusalem and return Israel to its pre-1967 borders , according to a Jewish Telegraphic Agency report on the NRG interview . "  I do not give in , " Netanyahu told NRG . "  We stood fast against huge pressure , and we will continue to do so . " Following Netanyahu 's interview , chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat , who is also a member of the executive committee of the Palestine Liberation Organization , said the Israeli Prime Minister 's stance is nothing new . "  Netanyahu has done everything possible to bury the two-state solution , " he said . "  Netanyahu 's statement at the illegal settlement of Har Homa is a response to all those governments who tried to block Palestinian diplomatic initiatives . He could n't have done that without counting on full impunity from the international community . Now the world must learn its lesson and understand that impunity wo n't bring peace , only justice will . " Earlier in the day , Netanyahu continued his efforts to drum up support during a campaign speech in the Har Homa neighborhood of Jerusalem , which he boasted that he helped establish in 1997 , during his first prime ministerial term . Israel considers Har Homa part of a unified Jerusalem , while Palestinians consider the neighborhood an illegal settlement . If he is re-elected , Netanyahu said , he will continue to promote construction in Jerusalem as a means of national security , he said . "  The pressure around this decision back then was enormous . But I insisted -- I ordered the construction and it paid off , " he said . "  Today , Har Homa is a flourishing neighborhood in which tens of thousands of Israeli civilians are living . As we proved in the past , my friends in the Likud Party and I , we will keep Jerusalem protected and keep developing it . " Opposition leaders Isaac Herzog and Tzipi Livni of the Zionist Union , he alleged , are "  ready to surrender to every dictate . " Livni , he said , has denounced previous calls for more construction in Jerusalem 's Jewish neighborhoods , while Herzog would strive to establish a Palestinian capital in East Jerusalem . "  I will not let that happen , " he said . "  My friends and I in the Likud will keep Jerusalem united in all its parts , and we will keep fortifying it so that dividing it will not be possible and it will always remain united . We will keep developing our eternal capital . " A vote for Herzog or Livni is a vote for the establishment of "  Hamastan , " Netanyahu said , referring to Hamas , the Islamist group which dominates Gaza . He further alleged that his opponents would yield to international pressure and "  huge financial support coming from abroad , from left-leaning tycoons and foreign governments . " He closed his speech saying , "  The meaning of this is simple : We will not be able to keep Israel safe and secure and the terror against us that once emerged through these hills with machine guns will turn into missile fire . " CNN 's Kevin Flower contributed to this report .	"  Impunity wo n't bring peace , only justice will , " chief Palestinian negotiator says Creating Palestinian state is "  simply giving a base for attacks to the radical Islam , " PM says Benjamin Netanyahu 's words come as he courts conservative voters a day before elections
CNN  -- Rescuers on Friday suspended the search for the 11 people missing from the oil rig explosion in the Gulf of Mexico , the Coast Guard announced . "  After three days of constant searching , covering more than 5,200 square miles , we 've reached the point where reasonable expectation of survivors has passed , " Coast Guard Rear Adm. Mary Landry told reporters Friday evening . The Coast Guard began notifying family of the missing that they were preparing to end the search early Friday afternoon , Landry said . The Coast Guard and the Minerals Management Service -- the agency that regulates the oil industry in federal waters -- are conducting an active search for casualties , she said . Earlier Friday , Landry said conversations with survivors of the blast that set the oil rig Deepwater Horizon ablaze Tuesday night indicate that the missing workers "  might have been in the vicinity of this explosion . " Landry said neither the Coast Guard nor BP PLC -- which leased the rig from Transocean Ltd. -- would release the names of the dead out of respect for the families . She said the workers were from Louisiana , Texas and Mississippi . One person injured in the explosion remained hospitalized on Friday , Landry said . She said the person is "  doing well " but is expected to stay in the hospital for seven to 10 days . Landry said crews were continuing efforts to clean up a 1 - by 12-mile-long oil slick spreading through Gulf waters 40 miles offshore . She said crude oil did not appear to be leaking out of the wellhead , located 5,000 feet below the water 's surface . But remote vehicles will continue surveying the scene , she said . "  We are at the ready to respond should something happen , " she said . "  We 're going to be very forward-leaning . We ca n't back off from this at all . " The Coast Guard is still attempting to locate the rig , and two nearby underwater pipelines -- one owned by the Shell oil company -- have been shut down in case there is a collision , Landry said . The closest other rig is more than eight miles away , she said . BP officials said Thursday they did not know whether oil or fuel was leaking from the sunken rig . But BP Vice President David Rainey said , "  It certainly has the potential to be a major spill . " Crews had recovered 181 barrels of an oil-and-water mixture by midday Friday , Coast Guard Petty Officer Ashley Butler said . Some of the oil had evaporated from the water 's surface , she said , but about 200 barrels remained . The Coast Guard said it was also keeping a close eye on activity underwater . It would take about nine days for the oil to reach the shore , but the Coast Guard plans to clean up any spills before that happens , Butler said . The rig -- a mobile unit that moves to different locations in the Gulf of Mexico -- was about 52 miles southeast of Venice , Louisiana , when the explosion occurred Tuesday night . There were no indications it was a terrorist incident , the Coast Guard said . Officials said 126 people were on board at the time of the explosion . Of the 115 accounted-for workers , 17 injured were evacuated by helicopter from the rig . An additional 94 people were taken to shore with no major injuries , and four more were transferred to another vessel , according to the Coast Guard . The rig had been drilling for oil in its current location since January , said Eileen Angelico , a spokeswoman for Minerals Management Service . Angelico said the agency has begun interviewing people involved in the incident as it seeks to determine what caused Tuesday night 's blast .	NEW : "  Reasonable expectation of survivors has passed " Coast Guard rear admiral says Coast Guard suspends search for missing in Gulf of Mexico oil rig fire Interviews with survivors indicate the 11 missing may have been in vicinity of explosion Oil slick measuring 1-by-12 miles spreads from site of sunken rig , Coast Guard says
CNN  -- The skies are under threat . Not from terrorists or hardened criminals , but from everyday passengers who seem to go a little loco when the airplane leaves the tarmac . According to the International Air Transport Association  IATA  , there have been 28,000 reported cases of unruly passenger incidences from when the organization started recording in 2007 to 2013 . It 's a number that , according to aviation experts , is both underrepresented and on the rise . Unruly passengers have become enough of a disturbance to airline professionals to warrant a two-day conference dedicated to the topic . Last week , London hosted DISPAX World 2014 , the second international conference on how to handle disruptive travelers . Approximately 100 professionals -- made up mainly of airline training managers and regulators -- representing 35 different countries attended the event . "  We 're not really sure of the number of incidents taking place , though it 's safe to assume there are about 300 to 400 per week happening on board airliners , " says Philip Baum , the managing director of Green Light Limited , the company that organized the event . In addition to the passenger bad behavior in the news  Justin Bieber and Ralph Lauren 's niece are two of the more high profile fliers that made headlines with their on-board antics this year  , Baum notes that there are many more low-key altercations that do n't ever get reported . "  The definition of unruly behavior can range from disobeying crew commands , to becoming verbally abusive , then escalating to becoming physically abusive , then potentially life-threatening , " says Baum . "  IATA reports there having been 8,217 unruly passenger incidents in 2013 , but this is only the tip of the iceberg . IATA 's figures are based solely on a limited number of IATA member airlines reporting . Most airlines are not IATA members and few are willing to share their incident reports . " Starting at the airport Among many of the solutions batted around by presenters at DISPAX were several that took an early-prevention approach -- namely , ones that started at the airport . "  I see unruly behavior due to frustration and lack of information more than anything else , " notes Prasad Yarlagadda , a professor of science and engineering at Australia 's Queensland University of Technology . Yarlagadda gave a talk on his experience working with Australian regulators to devise an airport design to help alleviate the type of traveler angst that often leads to outbursts . "  An informed passenger will take 21 minutes to get from the curb to their flight . For an uninformed passenger , this could take 30 to 40 minutes , " he notes . Even simple tweaks , like introducing more frequent and clearer signage , and ensuring staff are better trained to direct passengers through the right channels , he argues , could make all the difference . "  If a passenger has a good experience at the airport , that will continue when they board their flight . " Better screening of passengers could also potentially help carriers avoid headaches up in the air . Marcia Mendes , a research scientist at the University of Applied Sciences and Arts Northwestern Switzerland , has been studying behavioral screening tactics used by airport security -- usually as a means of spotting criminal activity . At DISPAX , she discussed how the same procedures could be used to spot potential problem passengers . "  The main task of officers conducting behavioral security screening is to identify passengers with criminal or terroristic intentions . Nevertheless , being responsible for the observation of passengers , officers would possibly also spot those who pose a safety risk for other reasons . Airlines could surely profit if such information would be passed on to the crew prior to take off , " she notes . What Would Monarch Do ?  WWMD ? Perhaps the biggest factor for the rise in aggressive passengers , however , is alcohol , a problem exacerbated , says Baum , by low-cost carriers shuttling groups to prime party destinations . "  Low-cost carriers have introduced a new breed of passenger into the sky , and I do n't think airports and airlines do enough to counter the binging culture associated with many of these passengers , " he says , pointing to the fact that in many airports , bars can open as early as 6am . One company that has worked to reduce on-board binging is Monarch Airlines . By adopting a "  zero-tolerance " approach to drunk passengers -- particularly on the UK-Ibiza leg , Monarch claims it has halved passenger flare-ups . One particularly useful tactic has been to train crew to identify when duty-free carry-ons have bottles in them , and to store them in the overhead . Monarch is also one of the few airlines to work with local police to deal with such passengers before they board . Such collaborations , says Baum , are all too rare . "  Aircrew are extremely concerned at the lack of legislation in many states to prosecute offenders . As a result , whilst many unruly passengers are handed over to the authorities , far too many walk free , " he says .	IATA has reported 28,000 incidents of unruly passenger behavior since 2007 Experts agree the figure is unrepresentative , and growing Tweaks in airport design , security measures and airline policy could help address the problem
Port-Au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Though he faces charges of financial wrongdoing and possibly human rights abuses , former Haitian dictator Jean-Claude "  Baby Doc " Duvalier has no plans to leave his homeland , one of his lawyers said Wednesday . Attorney Reynold Georges told CNN that Duvalier would fight any charges against him and could very well get back into politics . "  You can bet your life on it , " Georges said , referring to Duvalier 's intention to remain in Haiti , adding that Duvalier is looking into renovating one of his old homes . Duvalier made a brief appearance Wednesday , stepping out onto a balcony of the Karibe Hotel and waving to dozens of supporters . "  I will see you later , " he said . Henri Sterlin , a Duvalier associate , said Duvalier planned to make a longer address later Wednesday or Thursday . Heavily armed police escorted Duvalier on Tuesday from the suburban hotel to a downtown court , where he was questioned for hours . The strongman is facing charges related to the embezzlement of Haitian money for personal gain during his 15-year rule , a government source told CNN . A judge has 30 days to investigate and decide whether the accusations merit moving forward with a case against Duvalier . But Georges said no firm evidence was presented in court . "  Blah , blah , blah , " Georges said of the accusations . "  We have nothing to hide and we are not afraid of nobody , nothing , " he said , adding that the judge asked Duvalier when he was planning to leave . "  If he wants to live in this country , that 's his right , " Georges said . "  He is back to stay . He can do politics . He can come and go , do whatever he pleases as long as it is legal . " The Duvalier family ruled Haiti for three decades starting in 1957 , when Francois "  Papa Doc " Duvalier was elected president . He later declared himself president for life . When he died in 1971 , he was succeeded by his 19-year-old son , who went by the nickname of Baby Doc . Ousted from power after a popular rebellion in 1986 , Baby Doc shocked the world by returning to Haiti on Sunday night after some 25 years of exile in France . Human rights groups have demanded justice for a rule of brutality . During his years in power , thousands were tortured and killed and hundreds of thousands of Haitians fled into exile , according to Human Rights Watch . The United Nations said Tuesday that Duvalier 's presence in Haiti had taken the global body by surprise and it "  clearly raises issues of impunity and accountability . " Rupert Colville , a spokesman for the U.N. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights , said a range of human rights abuses and corruption issues surround Duvalier . It 's still unclear why Duvalier decided to go back to Haiti but his presence certainly added to a bubbling cauldron of political turmoil sparked by a presidential election mired in controversy . "  Obviously this is an important and crucial time for the people of Haiti , " said White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs . "  Any political leader or any former political leader should focus not only on him or herself , but on making progress towards a set of important elections , " Gibbs said , adding that such people should dedicate "  their time and their energy toward the reconstruction of the country . " Preliminary results of the November 28 election placed former first lady Mirlande Manigat in a runoff with Jude Celestin , the candidate backed by Haiti 's unpopular President Rene Preval . However , international monitors charged fraud and a subsequent election review put Celestin in third place . Observers suggested he be eliminated from contention . Preval 's government has not officially commented on Duvalier 's return , though some Haitians , craving a father figure to lead the nation out of crisis , have commented favorably on the days of Duvalierism . But Garry Pierre-Pierre , editor of the New York-based Haitian Times , blamed the father-son Duvalier dynasty for a nation struggling to regain footing . He said the scars still run deep from an era when no one trusted each other . Pierre-Pierre said he hopes justice will finally prevail . "  If there is a bright spot , " he said , "  finally we have to face that decision that we have never faced straight up . We 've been in denial about what happened during the 29-year reign of dictatorship of the Duvaliers . " CNN 's John Zarrella , Lonzo Cook , Kim Segal , Mary Snow and Moni Basu contributed to this report .	NEW : Duvalier waves to supporters waiting outside his hotel The former dictator would fight formal charges and could return to politics , the lawyer says Duvalier has been accused of financial wrongdoing and human rights abuses A judge must now decide whether there is merit in the accusations
CNN  -- Deposed Egyptian president , Hosni Mubarak , appeared in court Sunday as his retrial resumed on charges involving the killing of hundreds of protesters during the popular 2011 uprising that led to his ouster . Mubarak was convicted on the charges last year and sentenced to life in prison , but appealed the ruling and was granted a retrial . A court ordered Mubarak released last week and placed under house arrest while he awaits a retrial . The 85-year-old Mubarak had been held since shortly after he was removed from power . The ousted autocratic leader 's health has been a bone of contention during his trial and incarceration . He suffered a heart attack after relinquishing power and had said that he was physically unfit to stand trial . Opinion : What Mubarak 's release means Muslim Brotherhood trial The spiritual leader of the Muslim Brotherhood was also to appear in a Cairo courtroom Sunday to face charges of inciting violence that took the lives of eight protesters in the wake of former President Mohamed Morsy 's ouster from power . Morsy was elected after Mubarak was toppled . But Mohamed Badie did not appear in court . Last week , the military arrested Badie , the group 's supreme guide , and Safwat Hegazy , a preacher and hardline supporter of the movement . They were among about 100 members of the Muslim Brotherhood taken into custody on Tuesday . Morsy , who was deposed by the military amid widespread protest over his rule , has been held since early July . Egypt has been in turmoil since Morsy 's removal from office , with the military battling Muslim Brotherhood members and other Morsy supporters . This month , about 900 people -- citizens as well as members of security forces -- were killed . The deaths occurred when the military used force to clear two pro-Morsy sit-in sites in Cairo . CNN 's Saad Abedine and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report	Mubarak was convicted in the killing of hundreds of protesters He was sentenced to life in prison , but appealed the ruling and was granted a retrial A Muslim Brotherhood leader is also to face trial over incitement of violence
CNN  -- Jim Foglesong , a famed Nashville music executive and producer who played a key role in launching the careers of such notables as Garth Brooks , George Strait and Suzy Bogguss , has died . He was 90 . His death on Tuesday morning was confirmed by a statement from Vanderbilt University 's Blair School of Music , where Foglesong taught for more than 20 years . "  Jim was a grand gentleman with a marvelously generous spirit , " said Mark Wait , dean of the school . "  He had a great ear for music of every kind , and he gave freely of his expertise to countless students and young professionals . " Foglesong 's career spanned more than a half-century and included stints as a performer , producer , record company president and industry eminence . "  Jim was one of the first people I met when I came to Nashville , " recalled George Strait in a statement to CNN . "  I would wish that for every newcomer . His kind and gentle demeanor is rare today . He signed me to my first record deal , and his support and friendship was something I treasured . We will all miss you , old friend . " The onetime vocalist -- who "  worked in a bank and sang in a Baptist church and a Jewish temple to pay for rent , food , and voice lessons , " according to his biography on the Country Music Hall of Fame 's website -- eventually worked under Arturo Toscanini , produced recordings by Julie Andrews , oversaw a variety of labels and helped make hits of songs by Barbara Mandrell , Freddy Fender , the Oak Ridge Boys , Merle Haggard and Reba McEntire . He was one of the people who helped launch Epic Records in the 1950s , then and now one of Columbia 's primary labels . After stints at Epic , RCA , Dot and MCA , Foglesong joined Capitol Records ' Nashville division . It was there he helped guide Brooks , who released his first album in 1989 and became country music 's best-selling artist of all time . "  Today , the music industry lost its greatest diplomat for kindness , tolerance , faith , and sincerity , " said Brooks in an e-mailed statement . "  But do not weep for Jim , I have never met a man with a stronger faith , anyone who knew Jim knows where he is now . Instead , weep for those of us who are left here without him ... truly , a great , great man . " After leaving Capitol , Foglesong became an educator . A statement from the Blair School notes that his "  Business of Music " course , a weekly three-hour seminar , was one of the school 's most popular offerings . He also oversaw the music business program at Nashville 's Trevecca Nazarene University . Foglesong chaired the boards of directors of the Country Music Association and the Country Music Foundation , and was active in a variety of other local organizations . He was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame in 2004 .	Jim Foglesong was executive who helped guide careers of Garth Brooks , others Foglesong was Nashville legend , heading record labels , producing artists Executive was also popular professor at Vanderbilt for many years
CNN  -- Blastoff ! A fresh crew took off for the International Space Station on Tuesday aboard a Russian rocket . Alexander Skvortsov and Oleg Artemyev -- of the Russian Federal Space Agency  Roscosmos  -- and Steve Swanson of NASA are riding inside the Soyuz TMA-12M spacecraft , NASA said in a statement . They launched at 5:17 p.m. ET from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan , and were expected to dock some six hours later . But the spacecraft was not able to complete its third thruster burn , delaying the crew 's arrival , NASA said . They are now scheduled to reach the space station on Thursday . Initial information suggests the spacecraft was not in the proper orientation for the burn . The three astronauts were reported to be in good condition . "  As is customary , Swanson , Skvortsov and Artemyev will have several days set aside to familiarize themselves with their new home in space . The new trio will also assist the veteran crewmates as they adjust to living and working in space for six months , " NASA said in its statement . The three will join Koichi Wakata of Japan , Rick Mastracchio of the United States and Mikhail Tyurin of Russia , who are expected to return home in May . Skvortsov , Artemyev and Swanson are scheduled to return in September . Amid U.S.-Russian tensions over Ukraine , space show goes on	NEW : Arrival delayed , now scheduled for Thursday The fresh crew launched from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan They are traveling aboard a Russian rocket Alexander Skvortsov , Oleg Artemyev and Steve Swanson will return in September
CNN  -- China 's President Xi Jinping 's choice of Moscow as his first foreign capital visit is being seen by analysts as a symbolic move that demonstrates the increasing interdependence of the one-time Cold War foes . From energy deals , trade and geo-politics , China and Russia have been in lock-step over a range of thorny international issues such as Syria , Iran and North Korea . A key element of the talks will be how to steer the future of the increasingly intertwined economies . Trade between Moscow and Beijing grew 11.6 % to a record $ 88.1 billion in 2012 , according to figures from the China Institute of International Relations . "  They want to move that to $ 100 billion in years to come - there 's also a sense that they will want to push the domestic agenda and the foreign policy agenda as well , " said CNN 's David McKenzie . While China and Russia already form a powerful bloc on the U.N. Security Council , the warmer ties are also evidence of their perceived need to countervail a U.S.-led dominance in global affairs . "  In Putin , the Chinese see someone who is a counterbalance to America in some areas , " said Professor Kerry Brown , executive director of the University of Sydney 's China Studies Center . "  Russia is nowhere near as big as it was before but at least they see someone who can provide at least a bit of triangulation between China and the U.S. " Long-stalled talks on a Russia-China gas pipeline gas deal will likely top the agenda during Xi 's summit meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin . Vice-Foreign Minister Cheng Guoping and Russian ambassador to China Sergei Razov had recently struck a hopeful note in briefing in Beijing , saying that "  significant progress " had been made and that both nations were looking forward to a breakthrough on the deal . Senior executives from state oil giants Petro China and Sinopec are accompanying Xi to Moscow where it is hoped the new Chinese president will give fresh impetus to pipeline talks . Nevertheless , the Russians have been cautious on the deal . "  On the Russian side , state media and others , are less confident that that deal will come through , " McKenzie said . "  Certainly the Russians worry that this relationship will become more unequal over time . "  Russia 's own economy has stagnated somewhat not having the robust growth we 've seen in China . " Cheng told a briefing that Russia and China would co-ordinate reactions to U.S. plans to boost its missile defense in the Asia-Pacific region to counter the possibility of a potential North Korean attack . While Chinese and Russian officials have hailed the 48-hour visit as a demonstration of ties which they say are at an historic high , Professor Brown said that relations between the formerly fractious neighbors was often driven more by expedience than any real convergence of interests . "  It 's hard to think of a more paranoid relationship in some ways : 1950s , very close ; 1960s , biggest enemies . There 's never really been a heart-to-heart moment in many ways . "  There 's a quite deep distrust on one hand but on the other hand a pragmatic acceptance that this is a big relationship . " Xi and Putin will also likely compare notes ahead of the regional summit in South Africa next week of the BRICS group of developing economies : Brazil , Russia , India , China and South Africa . Even here , analysts say , China 's perception is that this bloc is heavily influenced by the U.S. "  The conviction in Beijing is that America is everywhere and they 've got to find other ways of exercising their interests without America being right up beside them , " Professor Brown said .	Xi Jinping to make first foreign visit to Moscow on Saturday The choice is symbolic and demonstrates warming ties between the two countries Trade between the two countries reached $ 88.1 billion in 2012 Officials hope Moscow and Beijing will ink long-stalled pipeline project
CNN  -- Fifteen years ago , a bomb ripped through a federal building in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , in the worst homegrown terrorist attack on U.S. soil . The April 19 , 1995 , attack killed 168 people , shattering the notion that America was largely immune to domestic terrorism . On Monday , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano traveled to to Oklahoma City to commemorate the 15th anniversary of the bombing . She joined survivors , local officials and others at a memorial ceremony , standing in silence for 168 seconds representing the number of dead . In a poignant moment , the names of each of the victims were later read aloud by relatives and colleagues , with speakers referring to their mothers , grandparents and others who died in the bombing . Napolitano told the gathering it was impossible to promise an end to terrorist attacks on American soil . "  Adversaries continue to look for ways to exploit our openness and to take innocent lives , " she said , promising that her agency would continue to work "  day and night " to prevent another attack . "  We can resolve even a successful attack will not defeat our way of life , " Napolitano said , referring to how Oklahoma City responded to the 1995 bombing with community commitment that has become known as the Oklahoma standard . "  We can resolve that the Oklahoma standard becomes the national standard . " Fifteen years later , the bombing 's impact still reverberates with those who lived through it . Daniel Gordon , 37 , who was about seven miles from the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building at the time of the blast , remembers feeling the force of the explosion as he backed out of a parking spot at a grocery store . "  It felt like I 'd hit a car , " he said of the concussion from the blast . "  I looked and saw a ton of smoke pouring from downtown . " As the day went on , he saw the damage to the building and bodies being pulled from it . "  It was absolutely horrifying , " said Gordon , a fourth-generation jeweler whose family 's presence in Oklahoma predates statehood . "  It was horror in real life . " An Army veteran , Timothy McVeigh , was eventually convicted on federal murder charges in connection with the bombing and executed in 2001 . McVeigh said he set off the bomb in front of the Murrah building at 9:01 a.m. , in part , to seek revenge against the U.S. government for its raid on the Branch Davidian compound in Waco , Texas , on April 19 , 1993 . Of the people killed in the attack , 19 were children who were at a day care center in the facility . Miraculously , six children survived and are now teenagers and young adults . P.J. Allen , now 16 , was 18 months old when the bomb brought the building down on top of him , forcing him to inhale hot air and smoke . "  His lungs were severely damaged , " said Deloris Watson , Allen 's grandmother . "  It was touch-and-go for P.J. for a long time . " Now in high school , Allen works with a tutor every week and hopes to study mechanical engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . He also loves sports , but his damaged lungs keep him from taking part competitively . "  My asthma stops me from running all the time , " said Allen , who speaks with a hint of a rasp in his voice between quick pauses to catch his breath . "  Sometimes , coaches would n't want to play me because I might get hurt . " Despite the hardships and years of surgeries , including numerous tracheotomies , Allen said he hardly ever asks , "  Why me ? " "  Because to me this is normal , " Allen said . "  As far as I remember , this has been what my life has been like . " Brother and sister Brandon and Rebecca Denny were hurt in the attack , although it was the older brother who received the more permanent injuries . While then-2-year-old Rebecca Denny required 240 stitches to patch her up , her brother -- then 3 -- suffered severe brain injuries , leaving the right side of his body weak . "  First of all , they said he might not live , and second of all , if he does live , he will never walk or talk again , " said mother Claudia Denny . But Brandon Denny proved doctors wrong . He not only survived , but he is now a junior in high school with his sister . "  When you go through something like this , it just does n't go away , like the next day or the next year . It affects you for your whole life , " said Rebecca Gordon , who still wonders why she was lucky enough to survive . "  I wonder , " she said , "  but I do n't know , I guess I have something important to do . " That sense of destiny is shared by another childhood survivor : Chris Nguyen , now a sophomore at the University of Oklahoma in nearby Norman . "  I 've been given like a gift , you might say , and if I do n't make something of my life to succeed and make a difference of some kind , then I would have wasted my life , " he said . "  I think about the other parents -- all the other day care children and families -- who 've lost someone ... but I feel guilty almost that Brandon , Rebecca , P.J. and I , we get to live our lives ... and the other people , they do n't get that opportunity , " he said . If anything good came out of the bombing , Gordon said , it was that the people of Oklahoma City forged a common bond . "  It was horrible , but so much good came out of it , " he said . "  This whole city pulled it together . It was phenomenal . " CNN 's Don Lemon contributed to this report .	NEW : Homeland security chief joins survivors , local officials , others at memorial ceremony "  It felt like I 'd hit a car , " said Daniel Gordon , 37 , who was about 7 miles from the blast Teen , injured by bomb at 18 months old , goes on with life , rarely asks , "  Why me ? " Two other victims share sense of destiny , aim to make a difference with their lives
BOGOTA , Colombia  CNN  -- Colombia will freeze prices for gasoline and other petrofuels through March , the government has announced . Hernan Martinez Torres , in a photo from September , says gas prices will be frozen in Colombia through March . The freeze takes effect Thursday and sets prices at December levels , the minister of mines and energy said Monday . The measure will be funded through a $ 170 million Fund for the Stabilization of Prices for Combustibles , which goes into effect January 1 , a release on the Colombian president 's Web site says . "  All this is being done to give consumers a clear signal of stability , " Minister of Mines and Energy Hernan Martinez Torres is quoted as saying in El Pais newspaper . Gas prices also will not decrease , although there has been a significant drop in crude oil prices in the past few months , Martinez said . The price freeze pertains to gasoline , biogasoline  oxygenated gasoline  , a product called ACPM  combustible oil for motors  , and the mix of ACPM and biodiesel . For the time being , El Pais said , only propane will see a decrease in price , with the price going down 25 percent . It 's the second price drop for propane , which decreased 10 percent in November .	Price freeze on gas , other fuels takes effect Thursday , runs through March Freeze is to give consumers "  a signal of stability , " energy minister tells newspaper Gas prices ca n't rise or fall under the freeze , Hernan Martinez Torres says Price freeze does n't affect propane ; its price is set to drop 25 percent , paper reports
CNN  -- Seems like Dennis Rodman ca n't get enough of North Korea . The retired basketball star is headed to the reclusive country for the third time on December 18 . He 'll spend several days helping train the North Korean basketball team , which will play at least one exhibition game against former NBA players in January , according to Paddy Power , the UK-based online betting company sponsoring Rodman 's trip . The heavily pierced and tattooed icon will be traveling with a documentary crew , Paddy Power spokesman Rory Scott said . But it 's not clear whether Rodman , 52 , will meet with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un , whom Rodman calls "  a very good guy " -- despite international condemnation of the country 's human rights record . "  You have a friend for life , " Rodman told Kim after the two men sat next to each other watching an unusual basketball exhibition in Pyongyang in February . Rodman makes another trip to North Korea Even though Rodman has made very clear he is not an official diplomat between the United States and North Korea , he said he believes in "  basketball diplomacy . " "  I 'm not a politician , " he tweeted . "  Kim Jung Un & North Korean people are basketball fans . I love everyone . Period . End of story . " Scott said the names of the former NBA players Rodman has drafted to play in January will be released sometime next week . Opinion : Rodman just a toy for N. Korea 's Kim	The former pro basketball star will help train a North Korean team later this month That team will play an exhibition game against ex-NBA players , a sponsor says It 's unclear whether Rodman will meet with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un Rodman has said he is Kim 's "  friend for life "
CNN  -- Samuel Eto'o does n't like the question -- instead , he points to a picture . It is of a hospital in Cameroon -- "  I want to give a chance to each child , " he says . When Eto'o , a four time African Player of the Year , signed for Russian side Anzhi Makhachkala in August 2011 , he became the highest paid player in the world . Here was a man who had already won the Champions League on three occasions , starred for Real Madrid , Barcelona and Inter Milan and led Cameroon to Africa Cup of Nations glory -- twice . It was a move which raised plenty of eyebrows considering Anzhi 's standing on the European stage and gave credence to the argument that Eto'o was more interested in Russian rubles than ramming home goals in one of the continent 's top divisions . Such accusations rile the 32-year-old , who is adamant that he made the move to an unheralded team in Dagestan for the challenge rather than the financial rewards provided by the club 's oil tycoon chairman Suleiman Kerimov . Money "  It 's not a question of money because when you look at my career , I 've won everything except for the World Cup , " Eto'o told CNN World Sport . "  It 's also a problem of motivation too . I had the opportunity this window to go play again at Inter and other teams in Italy . "  At Inter , I was the best paid player in the world . But it 's not a question of money because when I go out onto the pitch , I only have one thing in mind -- winning . "  And I do n't think about having money in my bank account or not , I only think about winning , having fun and entertaining the fans -- these are the only things I have in my head . "  Of course , it 's normal for people to say , ` yeah , this player changed teams because of the money . ' "  That could be the case sometimes , but after a certain level of success ? No . " That money has given him a life he may never have dreamed of while growing up as a young boy in Cameroon -- but it has also helped hundreds of disadvantaged children in his home country . Charity The "  Fundacion Privada Samuel Eto'o , " which was established in 2006 , helps provide basic healthcare and works on improving social inclusion . So while Eto'o is aware of the exorbitant wages he has received , he is equally aware of just how vital that money has been in helping those chasing the dream of becoming Africa 's next superstar football player . "  We 've done quite a few things with ambulances , operation centers ... we 've built hospitals in the interior of the country. , " he points out . "  I have a lot of boys who play in Barcelona 's youth academy -- I have another named Unlinga who plays also for Malaga -- all of these come from my foundation . "  I have a lad who 's a good forward , he 's doing quite well , named Odongu . I have a kid named Abanya who 's a center back . "  All of them come from my foundation and it 's the joy that I try to share -- the opportunity -- that I want to give to each child . "  They themselves have to fight for their place , but the first opportunity is what I try to give them . " Eto'o , now at Chelsea following his move to London last month , has reportedly taken a huge pay cut from the estimated $ 26.8 million a year he was earning at Anzhi . Instead , he has signed a one-year deal at Stamford Bridge thought to be worth around $ 11 million with Anzhi keen to offload the forward and ease pressure on its wage bill . The move to the west London club came as something of a surprise , not least because of the striker 's former disdain for a club which he said , "  I 'd rather sell groundnuts in my village than to play for a pathetic team like Chelsea . " That comment came following Chelsea 's Champions League victory over Barcelona in 2005 where Eto'o was left seething at the tactics of a certain Jose Mourinho - now in his second spell as manager of the London club . After the tie , which Chelsea won , Eto'o told a Spanish media outlet : "  Chelsea going through is a disaster for football . "  If this team wins the Champions League , it would make you want to retire . " Mourinho Little did Eto'o know then that five years later he would be exchanging love letters and text messages with Mourinho as Inter Milan embarked on an astonishing run of success which culminated with victory in the 2010 Champions League final . In July 2009 , the Cameroon striker was sent packing by Barcelona as the Catalan club secured the services of the enigmatic Zlatan Ibrahimovic . Eto'o , was seen as surplus to requirements and moved to Serie A to team up with Mourinho -- a partnership which flourished even after the two parted ways . While he is reticent when it comes to talking about former Barca boss Pep Guardiola , "  I do n't talk about him , " he says , Eto'o is unyielding in his praise for Mourinho . "  There is only one Jose Mourinho , ' Eto'o once said about the Portuguese coach . "  I have played under a lot of great coaches but there is no other character in the game like Jose . " The two men helped Inter win the treble during their time together at the San Siro and Eto'o even revealed that he attempted to persuade Mourinho to move to Anzhi with him . "  Since we met at Inter , he has always been in my life , " he said . "  We talk almost all the time -- he sent me a good luck message before a match and I 'd send him something , he can ask me something or I can do the same . "  And I 'm going to tell you a secret . You know that I spoke with the boss about coming with me to Anzhi ? Because I thought he was the right man for the job and situation . Yes , I said this to him . " Champions Mourinho , now back at Chelsea following his departure from Real Madrid , will hope the two can combine again with the club aiming to challenge for both the Premier League and Champions League titles . Eto'o sees similarities between this Chelsea side and the Inter team which conquered Europe in 2010 -- and believes another Champions League title could be on the horizon . "  When I got to Inter , they did n't expect anything from us , " he said . "  People would say , ` they 're old , they 're this , they 're that ' and we ended up winning everything . "  In football , it 's not a question of saying , ` do we have a squad ? ' "  The first thing for victory is believing . Believing that you can achieve . When you believe that you can achieve something , I 'm sure that you 're 60 % on the path to victory . "  Chelsea has won before and it can win again . We 're going to work hard to be able to do it . "	Samuel Eto'o insists he did not move to Anzhi Makhachkala for the money The 32-year-old was the highest paid player in the world during his time in Russian football Eto'o signed for Chelsea in August after reuniting with manager Jose Mourinho Believes new club has every chance of winning the European Champions League
LUANDA , Angola  Reuters  -- Holden Roberto , a central figure in Angola 's struggle for independence from Portugal , died on Thursday in the capital of Luanda , the state newspaper said on Friday . Holden Roberto , left , a father of Angola 's independence , shown in 1975 . He died August 2 , 2007 , in Luanda . Roberto founded the National Front for the Liberation of Angola  FNLA  in the early 1960s and presided over the party until his death at age 84 , the Jornal de Angola said . It said he died of an illness but did not give details . Roberto was one of the leaders who signed accords that led to the country 's independence in 1975 . Angola then fell into a civil war spanning nearly three decades that killed around 1 million people and displaced millions more . Roberto , who moved to Paris at independence , came back to Angola to take part in elections in 1992 which were followed by political turmoil . The presidential poll was aborted after a disputed first round , prompting a return to the conflict between the rebel National Union for the Total Independence of Angola  UNITA  and government forces . The war ended in 2002 . The FNLA is Angola 's third-biggest opposition party after UNITA , with five members in parliament . Angola , which is enjoying an oil boom , high economic growth and widespread foreign investment , is expected to hold parliamentary and presidential elections in 2008 and 2009 , the first national polls in some 15 years . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Roberto a central figure in Angola 's struggle for independence from Portugal Founded the National Front for the Liberation of Angola  FNLA  in early 1960s Angola fell into a brutal 30-year civil war after independence Roberto moved to Paris , returned in 1992 for elections , period of political turmoil
CNN  -- When the man destined to become China 's next leader enters a circa 1866 Victorian house in Muscatine , Iowa , on Wednesday , things will feel familiar . It was here in the town 's historic district that Xi Jinping first feasted on Iowa beef and corn during a visit more than two decades ago . Wednesday , the menu is a tad more upscale -- tenderloin , spring rolls and bacon-wrapped scallops . And the excitement , decidedly more palpable . After all , back in 1985 , Xi was a provincial official from the hog-farming region of Hebei , Iowa 's "  sister state . " He wanted to see how Americans raised their livestock and learn about different applications of corn , said Sarah Lande , owner of the Victorian and host of Xi 's visit . She would have been thrilled to have another Hebei province official visit quiet Muscatine . She 's honored and humbled that Xi chose to see his old friends again . In the United States for a five-day visit , Xi , who is widely expected to become the next Communist Party leader and president of Asia 's economic powerhouse , met Tuesday with President Barack Obama and other top U.S. officials in Washington . Obama and Xi discuss economics , human rights But part of Wednesday is reserved for a private visit to this small eastern Iowa town known for farming , the largest Heinz plant outside of Pittsburgh and factories that used to spit out billions of mother-of-pearl buttons . That was before the refinement of plastic . Now with Xi 's visit , the global spotlight will shine on Muscatine , if only for an hour on Wednesday . The town has never seen so many security personnel . Nor have the high school boys swim champions had to share headlines before in the local newspaper . As Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad put it : This is the biggest thing to hit Muscatine since Pope John Paul II 's visit in 1979 . Chris Steinbach , editor of the Muscatine Journal , said he had received thousands of e-mails from journalists around the world who were curious about Xi 's visit . "  It 's obviously a pretty big deal , " said Steinbach , "  You never know what will come as a result of this kitchen-table diplomacy . " That kind of one-on-one relationship made an impression on Xi on his first trip to Iowa . "  When you get the opportunity to meet somebody in their home or in a private setting , you get to know them differently than at a state dinner , " Steinbach said . "  Clearly that worked on Mr. Xi when he was here 27 years ago . " Rewind to a time when Mikhail Gorbachev was ascending to the leadership of the Soviet Communist Party , Terry Anderson was taken hostage in Lebanon and Tiananmen Square was just another place in Beijing . Xi arrived in Muscatine for two weeks in April 1985 with a Chinese delegation looking into farming technology . Doyle Tubandt , president of Muscatine Foods Corp. , recalled how Xi discussed globalization , its scope then unimaginable to many Americans . "  Here we are 27 years later and it sure is , " said Tubandt about the global economy . His own company now exports food and pet products to China . Back then , Tubandt escorted Xi on a tour of a corn processing plant . At times , the language barrier was hard to overcome . How do you translate words like centrifuge ? Tubandt gestured heavily and drew drawings in the sand to explain things to his Chinese visitor . He kept a tin of black tea that Xi presented to him as a memento of the visit . After all these years , the tin is preserved half full . For all the talk of trade between Washington and Beijing , in Muscatine it will all be very personal . "  He is coming only to visit old friends , " Lande said . It has been a lot of work , a bit crazy for a one-hour visit , Lande said . But it 's worth it to have an old friend back . Both Lande and Tubandt have given thought to what they might say when they come face-to-face with China 's presumptive next president . "  It 's a bit daunting when I think about it , so I do n't try to think about it very much , " Tubandt said . "  It 's telling to me that he 's coming here . He understands the importance of long-term friendships . " Lande said she was n't nervous until she woke up Tuesday . "  What can you say when you have one minute to say it ? " Lande said she will talk about building a bridge to friendship in the future , and hope that Iowa can set a global example . It 's not often Muscatine residents have a chance to do that .	Xi Jinping is scheduled to visit Muscatine , Iowa , on Wednesday Presumed to be China 's next president , Xi visited the town in 1985 as a provincial official Sarah Lande will be host to Xi on this visit , part of his five-day U.S. trip "  He is coming only to visit old friends , " Lande said
Lake Mary , Florida  CNN  -- Shortly after joining the Lake Mary Police Department in 2007 , Zach Hudson was dispatched to the home of two elderly women . What he saw left him appalled . The two women -- a mother in her 90s and a daughter in her 70s -- had no food and no electricity . Each month , they alternated what they spent their small amount of money on : One month it would be medicine , the next it would be food and bills . "  They were struggling horrifically , " Hudson recalled . "  They had to cut their medications . They were doing the things that seniors often do to try to make up the financial difference . " In his 10 years as a Florida police officer , Hudson had witnessed countless senior citizens in tragic circumstances . But this was the last straw for him . "  I 'd had enough , " he said . "  And I realized that something had to be done . And that 's when I started to conceptualize the Seniors Intervention Group . " Since 2009 , Hudson 's group has tended to the basic needs of nearly 1,000 seniors in Seminole County , Florida . With the help of hundreds of local volunteers , seniors are provided with essential assistance such as food , money , transportation , vehicle maintenance and help around the house . "  If you 're 80 years old and you have to get up on a footstool to change your light bulb and you fall , it could kill you , " said Hudson , 40 . "  When it 's 100 degrees outside and you 're faced with either doing your yard or being fined , and you ca n't pay somebody to do it , what do you do ? Well , you get out there and do it and suck it up , right ? "  But sucking it up killed this  one  gentleman . A very kind elderly man walked outside to do his yard , and he did n't survive . And that 's happening all the time . " Hudson said seniors facing diminished income in a difficult economy often have to make life-and-death choices for where and how to spend their money . For example , a light bulb that illuminates a doorway -- or a repair to a front door -- might easily fall below food and medicine on a senior 's list of priorities and make them more vulnerable to crime . If a licensed worker is out of a senior 's financial reach , they might be willing to pay cash to a stranger who knocks on their door offering to clean their yard or perform basic services . Too often , Hudson says , these strangers are not who they say they are . "  As cops and firefighters , we see people at their worst . That 's just the way it is , " Hudson said . "  And when you see seniors on a regular basis ... and they 're constantly being scammed or victimized ... you start to ask yourself : ` Why ? What can we do ? I 'm tired of walking away from this elderly person 's house every day and not being able to fix the problem . ' ... "  If you have a crime , then  police  can handle it . If you have a fire , the fire department can handle it . But what do you do when somebody ca n't pay their electric bill and , as a result , that wo n't run their oxygen pump ? How do you deal with that ? " Forming the Seniors Intervention Group was a natural offshoot of Hudson 's job as community relations officer for his department . The group became a nonprofit in early 2010 , and it expanded to include the entire county this year . By partnering with faith-based organizations , local businesses and other nonprofits , the group can call upon hundreds of volunteers to make house calls . Seniors are either referred by local first responders or reach out for help directly . Assistance could be as minor as retrieving a pill that has fallen behind a piece of heavy furniture or as major as rebuilding a senior 's home . All of the group 's services are free and covered by private donations . About once every month , the group schedules a large "  operation " in which dozens of volunteers descend upon a local neighborhood to do massive group service , such as yard cleanup or a sweeping installation of energy-efficient lighting . Hudson says this is often a great way to identify individuals who need more help . "  That operation ... always leads to finding other things , whether it 's floor issues , window issues ,  air conditioning  issues , whatever the case might be , " he said . "  It 's a neat opportunity for us to get on the ground , take a good look around and see how else we can help . " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2012 CNN Heroes Hudson 's dedication to public safety might not be unique among police officers , but his compassion for seniors is rooted in a more intimate history . He was raised primarily by his grandparents and great-grandmother in a senior community . "  Elderly people rescued me in a lot of ways , " he said . "  They taught me respect . They taught me so many things . And this is simply an opportunity for me to give back to them in their time of need , because that time is here and it 's now . " And it 's something that is only going to get worse over the next 20 years , according to the Pew Research Center . Each day in the United States , about 10,000 Americans turn 65 . By 2030 , when all baby boomers will have passed the milestone , 18 % of the nation 's population will be at least that age , Pew projects . "  We need more organizations , more businesses , more churches , more police departments , more fire departments to get on board , see the big picture , see the problem , " said Hudson , who hopes to see his nonprofit model replicated nationwide . "  This is just the beginning . " For seniors like Ralph Anderson , the group 's efforts have been life-changing . The Vietnam veteran had worn a hole in his bathroom floor with his wheelchair , leaving him vulnerable to an accident . It was also difficult for Anderson to leave his home , so he had to often rely on other people to walk his dogs . But he was introduced to Hudson 's group last month , and volunteers have since replaced and tiled his bathroom floor , fixed his leaky kitchen faucet and installed a wheelchair ramp at the front entrance of his home . "  It means the difference between feeling like I 'm a burden on someone and being able to do something for myself , " Anderson said . "  Since they 're putting this little ramp  in  , I can take the dogs out to walk them . I do n't have to wait for someone to come help me . " Hudson says that helping Anderson and other seniors is a pleasure and a privilege . "  This  is an opportunity for me to embrace the very people that embraced me growing up . ... This is my chance to take care of them as they have taken care of me . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Seniors Intervention Group website at seniorsinterventiongroup.org and see how to help .	Police officer Zach Hudson often saw senior citizens vulnerable and victimized He formed a group of volunteers in Florida to reach out to seniors and help The house calls provide specialized service that police , fire departments usually ca n't Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2012 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- The year was 1937 . It was the dawn of the soft-drink machine , the first tube of the Lincoln Tunnel ... and the shopping cart . Inventor Sylvan Goldman 's prototype for the shopping cart was nothing more than two wire baskets attached to a folding chair , but it was the start of what would become a supermarket staple . When it first came on the scene , customers were reluctant to use the cart . But by the 1960s , they were so ubiquitous that a new problem had arisen : The rogue shopping cart . Chicago supermarket owner Anthony Dinolfo was so enraged by the volume of stolen shopping carts popping up in places decidedly not supermarkets  in auto repair shops , people 's basements and at the bottom of rivers  that he went on a crusade to return them to their rightful owners . In 1969 , he deemed February Return Shopping Carts to the Supermarket Month . Dinolfo died in 2009 , but his crusade reappears each February on various websites and Internet forums , and was even acknowledged by the U.S. Census Bureau . When we brought this to the attention of the CNN iReport community , our contributors mentioned that until now , they had never noticed how prevalent wayward shopping carts were . While it may be easy to write off Dinolfo 's crusade as just the hysterical rant of a disgruntled business owner , retailers report cart theft to be a costly problem . Shopping carts cost anywhere from $ 75 to $ 150 each , according to Brett Osterfeld of Gatekeeper systems . Retailers find customers ' ambivalence toward the issue frustrating , but most people ca n't help but think that there are greater causes to raise awareness about . "  Am I supposed to really feel sorry for the grocers ? " asked Jeremy Nix from Denver . The great cart robbery Ron Fong , president and CEO of the California Grocers Association , found that stores that report the greatest losses are located in neighborhoods and cities where few people own a car , but still need an efficient way to carry their groceries home . Once the shoppers are finished , the carts rarely return to the store . Fong said that he 's seen many innovative uses for shopping carts , such as portable barbecue grills , lounge chairs and even shelters . He noted that many homeless people use them to transport their belongings . In November , Hawaii state lawmaker Tom Brower attempted to clean up the state 's homeless problem by taking a sledgehammer to abandoned shopping carts . Hawaii has the country 's highest rate of homeless per capita ; Brewer said his solution was meant to encourage them to seek out shelters . "  I get a lot of complaints about stolen and abandoned shopping carts in Waikiki , and I was thinking as a public servant , ` What can I do that would be practical and I can literally do overnight ? ' " Brower told CNN affiliate KITV . "  I 'm not doing anything different than doing a community cleanup , or what the city 's administration has tried to do with the issue of people illegally camping on the streets . " Supermarkets and community members are n't the only ones upset about the stray carts . The city of Santa Ana , California , reported an annual cost of $ 50,000 to retrieve abandoned shopping carts from local streams and rivers . Across the country , John Long , president of the Maryland nonprofit Clean Bread and Cheese Creek , said that volunteers have removed more than 200 shopping carts from the creek that drains into the Chesapeake Bay since 2009 . "  They create an environmental hazard by trapping wildlife and causing artificial dams along the stream , which lead to flooding and erosion , " Long said . Stores are working to contain the problem through the use of cart containment systems -- the wheels lock when they reach the boundary of the store 's parking lot -- and by hiring companies to locate and return the carts for a fee . And yet , it 's not hard to find plenty of shopping carts in the wild ... Scroll through the gallery to see some of the spots where carts have turned up .	February is Return Shopping Carts to the Supermarket Month Rogue shopping carts have been found used as grills , chairs and shelters Stores report annual losses of more than $ 800 million globally due to cart theft Stores enlist cart security systems in order to contain the problem
They call it an airbridge , but it feels more like a flight to another planet . The "  easiest " way to get to the Falklands is on a British Royal Air Force charter flight from RAF Brize Norton in central England . But it 's not that easy . From the time I shut my front door in Britain to the time we touch down on these remote islands , 24 hours have elapsed . An eight-hour leg to the Ascension Islands -- a tiny speck of land in the Atlantic -- and then another eight hours down to RAF Mount Pleasant on the Falkland Islands -- a slightly bigger speck of land . But this speck is suddenly back in focus as Britain and Argentina spar again over its sovereignty . The two countries went to war over the issue in 1982 , and tensions between the two countries are rising again over the islands which Argentina calls Las Malvinas . How royal visit fuels Falklands spat My first impression on landing is how similar the base is to the one we 'd left in Oxfordshire . Here though , posters on the walls advertize the penguin colonies . For nature enthusiasts this is a paradise with vast swathes of untouched wildness . See high-res images of life in the Falklands Outside the wire , a rough gravel road and barren countryside give the impression of being in the Highlands of Scotland . No trees , lots of sheep and every other car is a Land Rover . And lots and lots of ... well , nothing . No houses , no people , no electricity pylons , nothing . Finally we approach the capital Port Stanley , or just plain Stanley as the locals call it . It 's more like a village really -- a couple of food stores , a post office , some pubs and a gift shop . And everything is quintessentially British . Red telephone boxes , warm beer , fish and chips . It reminds me of Cornwall or Scotland : windy , isolated and bathed in a similar dazzling light . Our first stop is Gypsy Cove , where we see Magellanic Penguins waddling across powder white sand . Perfect , apart from the signs warning you to watch your step , because this used to be an Argentine minefield . The mines should have been cleared , but you never know , seems to be the message . It does n't exactly encourage parents to take their kids down to the water to watch the wildlife . The islanders are proud , tanned , rugged and permanently wrapped up against the chill of the south Atlantic . They say they are Falkland Islanders first , British second , and most wo n't countenance the idea of becoming Argentine . They are no nonsense to the point of being , at times , slightly stubborn . But they are also immensely hospitable . Everyone seems to know everyone else -- many are related , distant cousins or connected by marriage . Hardly surprising in a community of just 3,000 people . They seem slightly amused and perplexed by some of the rhetoric coming out of Buenos Aires , but they are analyzing every word . It matters here . Many are withering about Cristina Kirchner , the outspoken Argentine President . They say their feelings have been utterly ignored in the war of words between Britain and Argentina . Most are fervently loyal to Britain but in fact these islands are not part of the United Kingdom . There are one of 14 British Overseas Territories like Gibraltar or Bermuda , a sort of halfway house between independence and colony . The Falkland Islands government can raise its own taxes and has its own bank notes , but it relies on the UK for defense and foreign policy -- and a supply of home comforts , like PG Tips Tea , Chocolate Digestives and Spitfire Ale . A couple of days into our trip , we get news of excitement at the only school on the island . An RAF search and rescue helicopter has landed on the football pitch . Everyone 's taking pictures , hoping Prince William , the Duke of Cambridge is piloting the chopper . It 's difficult to tell , but the town is abuzz afterwards . His presence here might be "  routine " as the British Government says and "  provocative " for the Argentines , but for the islanders it 's special . He has n't been spotted drinking in the local pubs yet , but on such a small island with so little to do , it 's surely only a matter of time . We wo n't be here to share that first pint though -- the airbridge beckons for the long , long journey home .	The Falkland Islands , or Las Malvinas , are the source of a long-running dispute between the UK and Argentina Most residents on the British protectorate are loyal to the UK despite their proximity to Argentina Life in the capital is reminiscent of an English village -- red telephone boxes , warm beer , and fish and chips -- with penguins As international tensions simmer , locals are analyzing every word coming from Argentina 's president
CNN  -- As the number of swine flu cases rises around the world , so is a gradual backlash -- with some saying the threat the virus poses is overblown . Workers in South Korea , where one case of swine flu is confirmed , disinfect a terminal Sunday at Incheon airport . By Monday , 985 cases of the virus , known as influenza A  H1N1  , had been confirmed in 20 countries , the World Health Organization said . The number of fatalities was at 26 , including one in the United States . "  There is too much hysteria in the country and so far , there has n't been that great a danger , " said Congressman Ron Paul , a Republican from Texas . "  It 's overblown , grossly so . " Paul , who was a freshman congressman during a swine flu outbreak in 1976 , said Congress voted to inoculate the whole country at the time . Twenty-five people died from the inoculation while one person was killed by the flu , Paul said , adding that he voted against inoculation . Watch Ron Paul talk about 1976 swine flu " The United States ' only death this year from the virus was a 22-month-old boy in Texas who was visiting from Mexico . The other 25 deaths happened in Mexico . "  I wish people would back off a little bit , " Paul said . Others shared Paul 's sentiment , saying the fear of the flu has gotten out of hand . "  We have people without symptoms going into the emergency rooms asking to be screened for swine flu at the expense of people with real illness , " said Cathy Gichema , a nurse in Pikesville , Maryland . "  Schools are being shut for probable causes -- sending these kids congregating to the malls . How is that helping ? " Gichema said . Dr. Mark Bell , principal of Emergent Medical Associates , which operates 18 emergency departments in Southern California , said the level of fear is unprecedented . "  I have n't seen such a panic among communities perhaps ever , " Bell said . "  Right now , people think if they have a cough or a cold , they 're going to die . That 's a scary , frightening place to be in . I wish that this hysteria had not occurred and that we had tempered a little bit of our opinions and thoughts and fears in the media . " Governments and health officials , however , say the concern is not unfounded . The virus , a hybrid of swine , avian and human flu , can jump from person to person with relative ease . And while most of the cases were reported in Mexico and the United States , some have been confirmed in countries outside North America . On Saturday , the virus strain was found in a herd of swine in Alberta , Canada , and the animals may have caught the flu from a farmer who recently returned from a trip to Mexico . It could be the first identified case of pigs infected in the recent outbreak . "  We have determined that the virus H1N1 , found in these pigs , is the virus which is being tracked in the human population , " said Brian Evans of the Canadian Food Inspection Agency . But Evans and other officials said it is not uncommon for flu viruses to jump from humans to animals , and that it does not pose a risk for consuming pork . The number of pigs infected was not disclosed . In his weekly radio address Saturday , President Obama said the concerns over the new virus are justified because lack of immunity makes it potentially risky . "  Unlike the various strains of animal flu that were in the past , it 's a flu that is spreading from human to human . This creates the potential for a pandemic , which is why we are acting quickly and aggressively , " Obama said . The president , who said the virus is a "  cause for concern but not alarm , " added the government has anti-viral treatment to treat the current strain of H1N1 . In addition , WHO started distributing 2.4 million doses of a common anti-viral drug to 72 nations . iReport.com : How should H1N1 be handled ? "  I think the world is infinitely better prepared than it was 90 years ago , " said WHO spokesman Gregory Hartl , referring to the 1918 Spanish flu pandemic that killed as many as 20 million people . In Mexico , the epicenter of the outbreak , masks have become a common fixture . Nearly half the cases in Mexico involve patients 19 and younger , the health ministry said . "  I can hold for maybe another week or two and that 's it , " said Guillermo Jimenez , a waiter who has n't worked in a week since the government ordered about 35,000 public venues to shut down . "  We do n't have any money . We have mouths to feed . I do n't know what I 'm going to do now . " Still , some say the hype over H1N1 has led to undue hysteria . "  I 'm sure the deaths in Mexico have something do with the infrastructure , " said Anthony Markovich , a graduate student in Marina del Ray , California . "  I know our health care system has its flaws , but it is more advanced . " The world should focus on diseases that have more fatalities , according to Markovich . "  This is a joke compared to other things going on , " he said . "  Malaria is killing thousands of people daily , the economy is not getting any better , it is time to move on . " Pakistan resident Faisal Kapadia agreed . "  When you put it in context , 700 cases in the world is nothing , " said Kapadia , a commodities trader in Karachi . "  I understand it is a horrible new disease and governments should find a cure for it , but the media has created too much paranoia . " CNN 's Emanuella Grinberg and Madison Park contributed to this report .	Ron Paul : "  There is too much hysteria ... there has n't been that great a danger " "  I have n't seen such a panic , " says Southern California medical official Some say there are other diseases to worry about : "  Malaria is killing thousands "
SPRINGFIELD , Virginia  CNN  -- Georgia Keightley strolled through the religion section at Barnes and Noble in Springfield , Virginia , on Monday searching for a last-minute Christmas gift . The Green Bible looks at the text through the lens of the environment . "  I 'm looking for a book on -LSB- the Apostle -RSB- Paul for my husband , " she said clutching a 15 percent off coupon and lamenting the limited selection . She would have had better luck if she had been looking for a new take on the Bible -- on the next rack in front of her were three shelves filled with Bibles of various shapes and designs . Keightley said she and her husband already have five copies of the Bible in their home . Consistently the best-selling book on the planet , publishers are constantly repackaging it to lure new audiences . Harper One in October released the Green Bible , looking at the Bible through the lens of the environment . In an effort to keep it true to its eco-conscious motif , it was printed in the United States on recycled paper with soy ink , and has a sustainable linen cover . "  It is still printed on paper though , " conceded publisher Mark Tauber , who said a digital format would be greenest . Tauber said publishers were hoping to capitalize on the growing trend in Christian circles of eco-theology and creation care . The Green Bible is filled with essays from across the theological spectrum as a companion to the text . Former Archbishop Desmond Tutu wrote the forward while Brian McLaren , a popular progressive author and pastor , and N.T. Wright , the staunch conservative theologian , contributed essays . Anytime the text mentions something about the environment , the letters are printed in green , similar to how some Bibles print the words of Jesus in red . In the United States , where religion and politics have danced and intertwined into a sometimes unrecognizable amalgam , environmentalism has been viewed by many politically conservative evangelicals as a "  liberal issue . " Matthew Sleeth is the author of "  Serve God , Save the Planet " and for years he has been trying to convince churches that environmentalism and creation care are theologically sound . Their attitude , he said , has changed rapidly in the past few years . "  Recently I went to Grace Fellowship , the largest church in Baltimore , -LSB- Maryland , -RSB- and the pastor introduced me and said , ' I used to be against this , but examined my heart and the Bible and came to the conclusion I was wrong . ' " Another Bible out in time for the holiday season is The Illuminated Bible . The glossy oversized magazine format could easily mingle on coffee tables with Italian Vogue and GQ . It takes the text of the New Testament from the Good News translation and mixes it with editorial photos . Pages following a verse from Mark 's gospel referring to John the Baptist -- "  God said I will send my messenger ahead of you to open the way for you " -- are adorned with pictures of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. , Angelina Jolie , Mother Teresa and Che Guevara to hammer home the point to a modern day audience . "  The text is our heritage even if you 're not a believer . We are stuck with it . Let 's know more about it , " said Dag Soderber , the Swedish advertising executive who is behind the project . Soderber said his motives were philanthropic . Though not a practicing Christian , he said the more people who read the Bible , the more who will see what it is all about -- and that will generate more religious tolerance . Soderberg 's first goal was to make the packaging like a glossy fashion magazine so it would be more accessible to a modern audience , making it , "  something you can find in a hair salon , something you can find anywhere , " he said . The Illuminated Bible debuted last year in Stockholm , Sweden . When bookstores would n't carry it , Soderberg brought it to friends who owned fashion boutiques and design stores and said it flew off their shelves . There have been a few tweaks to the English language version . "  There were some pictures that were sexy here -LSB- in Sweden -RSB- that we took out because I do n't want to make it more offensive than I have to . " Soderberg hopes to have an Old Testament version in stores in time for Easter . So how do such repackaged Bibles sell among the other versions filling stores ' shelves ? A manger at Borders Bookstore in Springfield , Virginia , said the Green Bible is selling briskly . Georgia Keightley thinks that 's a good thing . "  Anything that gets people to read the Bible is a good thing . " Mark Tauber from Harper One said , "  I 've seen a statistic that the average American home has four to nine Bibles in their homes . There 's always room for more Bibles . The industry has shown us that . "	Wide range of Bibles on the shelves this Christmas Green Bible printed on recycled paper with soy ink , sustainable linen cover The Illuminated Bible takes on magazine format "  Always room for more Bibles , " publishing exec says
Lima , Peru  CNN  -- A bus carrying 51 people , including children , veered off a cliff in Peru Saturday , killing everyone aboard , an official said . The passengers , who included many members of one family , were traveling to a celebration in the Santa Teresa district , said Juan Carlos Valverde , the under attorney general in the Peruvian province of La Convencion , where the crash happened . An unspecified number of children were among those killed when the bus went off the 200-meter-high  656-foot-high  cliff , he said . Officials earlier said 52 people were aboard but later revised the death toll to 51 , saying a boy who was supposed to be on the trip never boarded the bus . No further details were immediately available , he said . CNN 's Nelson Quinones contributed to this report .	The busload of people were traveling to a celebration in the Santa Teresa district An unspecified number of children were aboard Authorities are still recovering bodies from the cliff , an official says
Hong Kong  CNN  The Lunar New Year is here and countries throughout Asia are celebrating . But should we be ushering in the Year of the Sheep , Goat or Ram ? It depends , says Isaac Yue , who teaches Chinese mythology at the University of Hong Kong . "  The Chinese character yang can be translated as all of these animals -- even the gazelle is called yang in Chinese , " he says . A wander through Hong Kong 's streets and shopping malls yields few definitive clues . Store windows are decked out with cartoon-like sheep , cheeky goats and curly-horned rams in a marketing bonanza some say is bigger than Christmas in the West . "  I 'd be more inclined to translate it as goat for the simple reason if you look at the way the character yang is written , even in its ancient form , you can see that there is a pair of horns so it more closely resembles a goat than a sheep , " says Yue . Both sheep and goats are raised in China , but the former are only found in the grasslands on the country 's northern fringes . Goats are more commonplace . The ram -- a male sheep -- is a third candidate , preferred by some who do n't like the meek , docile characteristics associated with the sheep . Other places are clear which zodiac animal they are celebrating . In Vietnam , where the celebration is known as Tet , they are ringing in the Year of the Goat . Money changers in the country say they have struck up an unlikely trade in Nepali and Ugandan banknotes -- both feature goats -- and they have been changing hands at several times the official exchange rate as people clamor for something more unusual to stuff inside their lucky envelopes . Whereas in Japan , people have been busy dressing up their pets in sheep outfits and sending sheep-themed New Year postcards to mark 2015 . In China , the annual mass migration for Spring Festival , as the celebration is often called there , is taking place , with 2.8 billion trips expected as the country heads home or on vacation for the festive period . Of course , the confusion over the choice of animal is unlikely to dampen the festivities , which stretch for two weeks or more , and few Chinese are troubled by the English speaking world 's sheep/goat distinction , at least according to China 's official news agency . "  I 've never thought about that question before . Do we have to tell them apart ? " Chen Xufeng , an office clerk in Beijing , was quoted by Xinhua as saying . "  I 've seen more goats in zodiac images , but I prefer to buy a sheep mascot , as sheep are more fluffy and lovely , " he says .	The Lunar New Year , which begins February 19 , is celebrated throughout Asia But should we be ushering in the Year of the Sheep , Goat or Ram ? It depends on how you translate the Chinese word "  yang " , says mythology expert
CNN  -- President Barack Obama plans to nominate Jeh Johnson , the Pentagon 's former top lawyer , to be the next Homeland Security Secretary , sources tell CNN . The nomination is expected on Friday . He must be confirmed by the Senate . Johnson would replace former Secretary Janet Napolitano , who left the Cabinet post earlier this year to head California 's public university system , and would be the fourth secretary of the Department that was created in response to the 9/11 attacks . Johnson was appointed the Defense Department 's General Counsel in 2009 after serving on Obama 's transition team . With 10,000 military and civilian attorneys working for him , Johnson was responsible for the prior legal review and approval of every military operation approved by the President and Defense Secretary . He stepped down earlier this year and reentered private practice . If confirmed , Johnson would take over the top security job following Obama 's public recalibration of the "  war on terror , " saying May the United States should no longer see it as a "  self-defeating " perpetual fight , but one that must at some point end , "  like all wars . " The Homeland Security Department is meant to coordinate the U.S. domestic security apparatus , encompassing everything from the FBI to the Border Patrol . It not only keeps an eye on al Qaeda and other terror threats , but also covers border security , immigration enforcement , cybersecurity , transportation security and disaster assistance . Johnson 's nomination comes three months after Napolitano announced she would step down in July . A series of names were floated as potential candidates for the job , including New York City Police Commissioner Ray Kelly and Boston Police Commissioner Ed Davis . Bergen : Jihadist terrorism in America since 9/11 CNN 's Jake Tapper and Brianna Keilar contributed to this report .	Nomination of Jeh Johnson expected on Friday The Cabinet post must be confirmed by the Senate Johnson oversaw legal review of all military operations
CNN  -- International criticism swiftly and robustly censured the decision by Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan to block access to social networking website Twitter . European Commission Vice President Neelie Kroes called the ban "  groundless , pointless , cowardly " and the U.S. State Department likened it to "  21st century book burning . " But Erdogan is less concerned about what the "  international community says " and more determined to stem the seemingly unstoppable leaking of illicit audio recordings posted on Twitter and YouTube , allegedly documenting corruption in the highest echelons of the Turkish government , ahead of next Sunday 's municipal elections . Twitter is gaining popularity in Turkey as a forum for unhindered debate and information at the expense of traditional sources of news . It played a critical role in mobilizing opposition to Erdogan during last summer 's Gezi Park protests . And no wonder -- media freedom in Turkey has plummeted from 98th to 154th position worldwide since 2006 , according to Reporters Without Borders . Publicity surrounding the Twitter ban notwithstanding , one should be careful not to exaggerate the near term impacts of this policy move . Research company Emarketer estimates that a mere 15 % of Turkish citizens are Twitter users . This statistic suggests that Twitter use is limited to a small segment of tech-savvy and globally-connected Turks -- a fact that partly explains why they had the technical acumen to circumvent the ban and actually boosted Twitter usage by 33 % , as revealed by social media rating agency Somera . More broadly , the vast majority of the Erdogan 's core supporters -- religious and conservative Turks -- are probably not avid Twitter fans . Their main concern is not media freedom or the pervasiveness of corruption but bread-and-butter economic issues . Ali Carkoglu , a political scientist at Istanbul-based Koc University , notes that popular perceptions of the state of the economy have not deteriorated significantly implying that while Erdogan may lose some votes , he is likely to largely retain his base of support in Turkey 's upcoming elections . Opinion : Twitter ban is the least of Turkey 's woes What the Twitter ban indicates is that the Turkish leadership psychology is incapable of tackling effectively the myriad serious political , economic and external challenges facing the country . It does not appear inclined to implement structural and liberalizing reforms to prevent a "  middle income trap " -- in other words a slow growth regime -- from taking hold . As I argued in a recent Chatham House report , in the absence of these reforms Turkish growth rates of 3 % or lower will become the norm rather than the exception . Turkey is addicted to continuous flows of fickle global capital and external debt to fund private consumption . Its economy suffers from persistently high current account deficits , meaning that imports vastly outpace exports and can not be paid for by the low levels of domestic savings . Unwisely , Turkey 's focus on hubristic construction projects such as the third Istanbul airport and its capricious use of the law to suppress Twitter , rather than competitiveness and innovation , will most likely further undermine future business plans and -- critically -- the confidence of foreign investors . Turkey 's brand , which was on the rise during the first decade of this century , has witnessed a formidable hammering in the Middle East and North Africa . Very few in the region now look to Turkey as an inspiration for liberal politics and open markets . Tunisia has primarily supplanted Turkey on the consolidation of democracy , despite the latter 's six decades of electoral experience . Turkey is a vivid illustration that personality-based top-down governance and fragile institutions are not a recipe for political maturity and lasting economic success . This strategically-located nation of 76 million people demonstrates the time-honored principle that "  absolute power corrupts absolutely " and reinforces Winston Churchill 's dictum that "  democracy is the worst form of government , except for all those other forms that have been tried from time to time . " READ MORE : Turkey 's Twitter ban condemned by president READ MORE : Turkish PM Erdogan vows to ` eradicate ' Twitter The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Fadi Hakura	Turkish PM Recep Tayyip Erdogan blocked Turkish internet users ' access to Twitter Move was widely condemned around the world , Twitter users in Turkey flouted the ban Fadi Hakura : Erdogan keen to stem damaging leaks ahead of local elections in Turkey Hakura : Ban risks scaring off investors , which could hurt Erdogan politically
CNN  -- Syria accused Israel of firing rockets into the Damascus suburb of Jamraya on Sunday , striking a "  scientific research center , " Syrian state TV reported . It is the second Syrian claim this year of a strike against what observers have described as a government defense research facility , and it comes one day after U.S. officials first told CNN that the United States believes Israel carried out an airstrike against Syria . Israel Defense Forces declined to comment on the Syrian TV report . "  We do not comment on these reports at all , " an IDF spokesperson said . The Syrian news report claimed the rocket attack on the research center aided rebels , who have been battling government forces in the region . In late January , reports surfaced that Israeli warplanes targeted the research facility . The Syrian government has said the airstrike killed two workers and injured five others . A U.S. official told CNN at the time the Syrian claims were false . The official said Israeli fighter jets targeted a Syrian government convoy carrying surface-to-air missiles bound for the militant group Hezbollah in Lebanon . Syria denied there were such shipments . The report of rocket attacks come as sectarian violence erupted in northwestern Syria , where three consecutive days of killing by mostly Alawite forces have left hundreds of predominantly Sunni residents dead , opposition groups said Saturday . "  The regime attacked the town of Beyda and other neighboring areas from the sea with rockets before security forces and militias loyal to the regime entered the area and conducted mass executions , " Free Syrian Army chief of staff Gen. Salim Idris said by phone from Antakya , Turkey . "  They want to establish a sectarian-based entity in the region , " he said . State media have said their forces were seeking only to clear the area of "  terrorists , " the term they have routinely used when referring to rebel forces . But the U.S. State Department said it was "  appalled by horrific reports that more than 100 people were killed May 2 " in Beyda , a suburb of Baniyas . "  We call on all responsible actors in Syria to speak out against the perpetration of unlawful killings against any group , regardless of faith or ethnicity , " spokeswoman Jennifer Psaki said in a statement . Opposition groups that included the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and the Free Syrian Army said the widespread killing in and around the coastal city of Baniyas continued Saturday as largely Alawite regime forces used tanks , battleships and missile launchers to hit largely Sunni neighborhoods in Baniyas . The government forces killed at least 200 people on Friday and Saturday in Baniyas and its suburbs , the LCC said Saturday . More than 200 others were killed there on Thursday , when the killings started early in the day , it said . Reliable information has been difficult to obtain because government forces controlled access to the village , the LCC said . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said hundreds of Sunni families began fleeing Baniyas ' southern neighborhoods at dawn Saturday , heading toward the cities of Tartous and Jableh . A graphic video posted by activists who said it was shot in the Ras al-Nabaa neighborhood showed people , including an infant , lying lifeless on the ground . Many bore what appeared to be bullet wounds and some appeared burned . CNN 's access to war zones has been limited by the government and has not been able to confirm its authenticity . State-run Syrian TV filed reports from Beyda over the last two days reporting that government troops along with the National Defense militia , an armed Alawite group loyal to the government , "  have cleaned the area from armed terrorists " after "  they burned civilians ' homes and stores and terrorized the population . " The reporting was supported by interviews with members of the Syrian army . U.N. has warned of sectarian violence Last December , the U.N. Commission of Inquiry warned that the civil war had become "  overtly sectarian . " It said government forces and militias , dominated by Alawites , had been attacking Sunnis -- who were "  broadly  but not uniformly  " backing the rebel groups . And anti-government armed groups were targeting Alawites . Other minority communities , including some Christians , Armenians , Palestinians , Kurds and Turkmen , "  have also been caught up in the conflict , and in some cases forced to take up arms for their own defense or to take sides . " But it said the "  sectarian lines fall most sharply " between Alawites and Sunnis . The "  increasingly sectarian nature " of the fighting is a motivator for proxy groups fighting in Syria . Anti-government armed groups are composed of Sunnis from the Middle East and North Africa , the report said . Shiites from other countries have entered the conflict on behalf of Syria . The Lebanese Shiite group Hezbollah has said its members are fighting . There are reports of Iraqi Shiites fighting in Syria and of Iran 's Revolutionary Guards providing intellectual and advisory support . Christian communities across Syria have been under the gun and on the move . Homs , for example , was once home to 80,000 Christians , but the commission said most had escaped to Lebanon . "  With communities believing -- not without cause -- that they face an existential threat , the need for a negotiated settlement is more urgent than ever , " the commission said . Al-Assad makes public appearance Also Saturday , the country 's president made his second public appearance this month , according to state-run Syrian Television . "  President Bashar al-Assad joins thousands of students and families of martyrs in Damascus University in inaugurating the Martyred Students Monument in memory of all the students who were killed in Syria , " it said . The president 's Facebook page posted a picture of the event . On May 1 , al-Assad visited the Ummayad electrical plant to "  congratulate its staff and all the Syrian workers on the occasion of International Workers ' Day , " the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency reported . Israel said to be flying over Lebanon Israel was flying warplanes over Lebanon on Thursday , Friday and Saturday , the Lebanese army said . Lebanon 's president , Gen. Michel Sleiman , condemned the violations as "  an attempt to shaken Lebanese stability , " the state-run National News Agency reported Saturday . The Israeli military had no comment . But a source in the Israeli defense establishment told CNN 's Sara Sidner , "  We will do whatever is necessary to stop the transfer of weapons from Syria to terrorist organizations . We have done it in the past and we will do it if necessary the future . " Israel appears to have struck Syria Two U.S. officials told CNN on Friday that Israel appears to have conducted an airstrike into Syria on Thursday or Friday . Based on initial indications , the U.S. does not believe Israeli warplanes entered Syrian airspace to conduct the strikes . President Barack Obama told reporters on Friday that he did not foresee a scenario of "  American boots on the ground in Syria " that would be good for that country or the region . Obama said other leaders in the region want to see al-Assad out of power . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Saad Abedine , Amir Ahmed and Joe Sterling contributed to this report	NEW : The Israel Defense Forces declined to comment on the report Syrian TV reports Israel has targeted the Jamraya area Al-Assad makes another public appearance The United States "  is appalled " by the reports
Washington  CNN  -- Miami International Airport was shut down for several hours Friday after screeners spotted a canister inside the luggage of a scientist that eventually turned out to be "  a legitimate experiment . " Concern about the incident increased greatly overnight when authorities learned that the 70-year-old scientist once spent time in prison nearly a decade ago for illegally shipping vials of deadly bubonic plague bacteria . After a round of overnight questioning , the man was told by the FBI he was free to go . CNN is not naming the scientist , a U.S. citizen , because he was not charged in this incident . The normally bustling airport was closed for more than seven hours when screeners spotted a metal canister in the man 's luggage that "  greatly resembled a pipe bomb , " a U.S. government official said . The airport reopened early Friday . Authorities say the man cooperated fully , telling investigators the canister was used for medical testing . Authorities say the device was not explosive . When authorities opened the device , they found a secondary container within . Investigators said the container is used to transport dead bacteria samples . "  The container was a legitimate experiment , " a U.S. government source told CNN . The man 's criminal history helps explain why authorities shut down much of the airport late Thursday , and why first responders in hazardous materials suits were dispatched to the scene . Officials gave conflicting accounts of the man 's travel arrangements , with one early report saying he arrived from Brazil , while later reports said the bag originated in Saudi Arabia , and traveled via London , England to Miami , Florida and that its final destination was Dominica via San Juan , Puerto Rico . When Transportation Security Administration screeners found the device , they were examining the bag because it was to be placed on a connecting flight . Most of the airport was closed for hours as a bomb squad team dealt with the canister . All concourses , except for Concourse J , were closed before the situation was resolved , police said . Concourses E and F were evacuated at 9:30 p.m. ET Thursday after the item was found , said Greg Chin , a Miami-Dade Aviation Department spokesman . Authorities rerouted arriving flights to other parts of the airport . Investigators from Miami-Dade Police , the Transportation Security Administration and the Department of Homeland Security responded , the Transportation Security Administration said in a statement . Airport roads were also closed "  to ensure public safety , " the statement said . Debbie Casanova was one of many people caught in the traffic jam outside the terminals during the incident . Casanova said she waited for her husband to come out of the airport for more than an hour and the wait continued even after she picked him up . "  We have been siting here for two hours , " said Casanova , as she sat in her car with her husband , Roberto . "  It is frustrating , but it is better to know everybody is safe . " CNN 's Kimberly Segal , Carol Cratty , Cristy Lenz , David Alsup , Scott Thompson and journalist Rafio Storace contributed to this report .	NEW : Scientist released after airport closure He had once illegally transported vials of plague , CNN has learned Scare was caused by a metal canister NEW : Authorities said it was "  a legitmate experiment "
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- A volcano in Indonesia prompted the evacuation of more than 6,000 people this weekend , blanketing buildings and cars in ashes , emergency officials said Monday . Mount Sinabung erupted early Sunday . It is the highest mountain in North Sumatra with an altitude of about 2,600 meters  8,530 feet  . North Sumatra is a province on the Indonesian island of Sumatra . Five people suffered breathing difficulties after inhaling volcanic ashes , and they were transported to a hospital in the North Sumatran city of Kabanjahe , said Jhonson Tarigan , a spokesman of the Sinabung Disaster Control Agency . August : Indonesian volcano erupts , killing 6 More than 6,200 evacuees sought shelter in eight locations , said Sutopo Purwo Nugroho , a spokesman for Indonesia 's national disaster management agency . Officials distributed rice to the displaced people , local media reported . Nugroho said some of the evacuees returned to their homes during the day to tend to their farms and livestock and then returned to evacuation centers . There were a couple of eruptions in 2010 . Rescued from Alaska volcano : Blue skies gave way to treacherous ice Largest volcano on Earth found , scientists say Kathy Quiano reported from Jakarta , Indonesia . Elizabeth Joseph reported from Hong Kong .	Mount Sinabung erupts in Indonesia 's North Sumatra A handful of people are hospitalized More than 6,000 people evacuated as ashes blanket buildings and cars
A Chinese ship trying to reach a trapped expedition vessel in Antarctica has turned back . The icebreaker Xue Long , or Snow Dragon , was just six nautical miles away from the Russian-flagged vessel when the captain decided the ship could not get any closer , the Australian Maritime Safety Authority said Saturday . The Snow Dragon went back to open water and remains in the vicinity of the stuck ship , the Akademik Shokalskiy , to provide support , said Andrea Hayward-Maher , spokeswoman for the AMSA . The Chinese vessel has a helicopter on board that could assist in evacuation . A French icebreaker was en route to assist , but AMSA called off that vessel 's mission at midday Saturday . The rescue icebreakers were battling the planet 's coldest environment in trying to reach the stranded Russian-flagged ship , whose 74 researchers , crew and tourists remained in good condition despite being at a frozen standstill since Monday . AMSA said another icebreaker , the Aurora Australis , was en route and was expected to arrive late Sunday . "  Really , it 's just a matter of the Aurora Australis getting down there and assessing the situation to see if it has any capability of breaking through the ice further than the Chinese vessel could and , if not , the aerial transfer of passengers on board may be a possibility , " Hayward-Maher said . Hayward-Maher said the Australian ship has icebreaking equipment the Chinese and French vessels do n't have . "  The Chinese vessel and the French vessel are rated to a depth of one meter , which means they are capable of breaking through ice somewhere in the vicinity of a meter , " she said . "  The Aurora Australis has an ice rating of 1.35 meters . "  Some reports say that the ice is at least 2 meters deep . It 's a possibility that the Aurora Australis might not be able to break through that type of ice , anyways . " The expedition ship is carrying scientists and passengers led by an Australian climate change professor . Spirits were high Saturday aboard the Akademik Shokalskiy . "  The vessel is fine , it 's safe and everyone on board is very well , " expedition leader Chris Turney , a professor of climate change at University of New South Wales in Australia told CNN . "  Morale is really high . " The ship got stuck in the ice on Monday night -- 15 days after setting out on the second leg of its research trip . According to Turney , the ship was surrounded by ice up to nearly 10 feet  3 meters  thick . It was about 100 nautical miles east of the French base Dumont D'Urville , about 1,500 nautical miles south of Hobart , Tasmania . On Christmas morning , the ship sent a satellite distress signal after conditions failed to clear . The crew had a "  great Christmas " despite their situation , Turney told CNN . He said crew members have used the delay to get more work done . "  We 've just kept the team busy , " he said . The expedition is trying to update scientific measurements taken by an Australian expedition led by Douglas Mawson that set out in 1911 . The expedition to gauge the effects of climate change on the region began November 27 . The second , and current leg of the trip , started December 8 and was scheduled to conclude with a return to New Zealand on January 4 . Turney said the ship should still be back in New Zealand on time . Century-old photo negatives found in Antarctic explorer 's hut	Chinese ship ca n't break the ice , but remains nearby to aid rescue A French icebreaker ship that was en route had its mission suspended The trapped research vessel is carrying 74 tourists and scientists studying climate change An Australian icebreaker also is en route
Srinagar , India  CNN  -- The death toll has risen to 112 as a result of flash floods and landslides in a town in northern India , a police official said . At least 375 people were being treated for injuries at hospitals in the city of Leh , said Officer Farooq Ahmad . Twenty-five soldiers in the Indian Army are missing , said Army Lt. Col. J.S.Brar . The town is nearly 310 miles  500 km  from Srinagar . The rain came shortly after midnight and took sleeping residents by surprise . About 6,000 soldiers were deployed in the relief efforts , Brar said . Helicopters have also been called in as damaged roads made it difficult to reach the affected areas .	NEW : In addition to 112 dead , 375 people were injured in rain-triggered floods and landslides NEW : 25 Indian soldiers are missing
CNN  -- The historic vessel which provided the setting for Humphrey Bogart 's only Oscar winning performance has been resurrected from the scrapheap by a movie-loving Florida couple . The African Queen is a 100 year old steam boat famed for its starring role in the 1951 hit movie of the same name . The classic picture -- which also starred Katharine Hepburn and told the story of a Canadian steam boat captain and a British missionary working in German East Africa during the First World War -- saw Bogart receive the 1951 Academy Award for best actor . After falling into a state of disrepair following the death of its previous owner in 2001 , the vessel was spotted gathering rust in a Florida marina late last year by Suzanne Holmquist and her engineer husband , Lance . The couple have since repaired the ailing ship and opened it up to tourists and film enthusiasts , providing cruises around the Florida Keys aboard the famous vessel . See also : Historic vessel Cutty Sark rises from ashes "  It 's  the boat  held in a trust so we approached them and talked about restoring it , " says Holmquist on how she stumbled upon the famous vessel . "  We have a tall ship business that operates right next to where the African Queen was stationed in Key Largo . It was just wasting away so we offered to restore it and put it into our charter operation , " she adds . Although most famed for its role alongside Bogart and Hepburn , the African Queen had a long and colorful life before hitting the big screen , explains Holmquist . Built in 1912 at Lytham Shipbuilding Yard in England , the vessel was originally named the Livingstone and served as a cargo vessel for the British East Africa Rail Company . It spent most of its first 50 years operating in the waters of the Ruki River in the northern Democratic Republic of Congo where she was used to transport a mixture of hunters , mercenaries and cargo . In the early 1950 's the ship was spotted by the director of the African Queen , John Huston , and pulled temporarily from service so it could be used in the movie . See also : HMS Victory gets $ 25 million revamp By the late 1960 's however , the African Queen had swapped the big screen and the rural hinterland of the Congo for the concrete jungle of San Francisco . An American businessman transported the ship to the Golden Gate city where he hoped to harness its Hollywood fame to operate it as a tour boat . This idea proved unsuccessful however and the vessel then changed hands a number of times before coming to the attention of Florida attorney and Humphrey Bogart enthusiast , Jim Hendricks Sr. in 1982 . Hendricks Sr. eagerly snapped up his very own chunk Bogart movie memorabilia which he owned until his death in 2001 . During this period Hendricks Sr. took the African Queen around the world , gracing flotillas that marked the 50th anniversary of the battle of Dunkirk in the English Channel and the Queen Mother 's 90th birthday on the River Thames . Once Hendricks Sr. passed away however , the vessel once more fell upon hard times , wasting away on a lonely jetty in southern Florida . It was here that Suzanne Holmquist , herself a self-confessed Bogart and Hepburn buff recognized the boat . Late last year she made an offer to the owners to put it back in working order . "  It had big holes in it and was kind of like a sieve when it rained , all the water was just pouring out , " says Holmquist . "  My husband has restored big boats before , some bigger than this one , so I knew that we could do it , " she adds . The ensuing restoration project has been a detailed and thorough process taking fully six months to complete . See also : Tourism at the bottom of the deep blue sea The hull has been equipped with a new steel frame , a replacement boiler has been installed and the original black African mahogany wood decks have been repainted . In order to maintain the boats worn and rustic charm however , Holmquist says it has been splattered with mud so as to make it look exactly like it does in the movie . "  Most of the interest so far in boat has come from movie fans ... so we wanted it to make it look as much like it does in the film as possible , " says Holmquist . The ship has even had a special guest visitor in the shape of Humphrey Bogart 's son , Stephen , who gave the freshly completed restoration efforts his blessing . But by using the African Queen 's Hollywood past to draw people aboard , Holmquist also hopes to provide visitors with an understanding of the ship 's rich history beyond the silver screen . This a story Holmquist herself says she has been fascinated to discover over the course of the past few months . "  I knew it was famous from the movie but as time has gone on I 've found out a lot more about the history of it and where she has been , " says Holmquist . "  Hopefully we 'll be able to relay that story and all those who come to visit can learn a little more about the boat and her incredible life , " she adds .	The African Queen is a steam boat that featured in a 1951 movie of the same name The film starred Humphrey Bogart and Katherine Hepburn After the death of its previous owner , the 100-year-old vessel fell into a state of disrepair A movie loving Florida couple have restored the ship to its film star glory
CNN  -- Former U.S. Open champion Michael Campbell is to miss out on an emotional return to Pinehurst after withdrawing from this year 's tournament . The New Zealander , who won the 2005 edition of the grand slam on the North Carolina course , has pulled out citing personal and injury problems . Campbell explained that he had only just recovered from an ankle injury and had recently separated from his wife Julie . "  Sorry I have been off the radar since playing at the 2014 Abu Dhabi HSBC Golf Championship , " a statement on his personal website read . "  I have had some problems with a tendon in my left ankle that stopped me from playing for 2 to 3 months . The good news is that I am back swinging and now managing to play 18 holes . "  On a personal note , I have some sad news . Unfortunately Julie and I have separated . Our children remain our number one focus as we move forwards -- as parents first and foremost while remaining both friends and business partners . "  As I do not feel that I am either fully physically or mentally ready to play tournament golf at the highest level , after much deliberation , I have decided not to play in the BMW PGA Championship , the US Open or the events in between . "  I want to get back to my best and I believe this is the best strategy to achieve this . " The 45-year-old has endured a lean period since his 2005 U.S. Open triumph , all eight of his career wins coming in 2005 or before , but his is still one of the enduring major championship wins . Campbell only secured his place at the 2005 tournament after making a birdie on the final hole of a qualifying competition at Walton Heath in England . Then he held off the challenge of current world No. 1 Tiger Woods -- who was then at the peak of his major-winning powers -- to claim the title by two shots . He became the first Kiwi in 42 years to claim a major championship , and though he finished tied for sixth at that year 's US PGA Championship his game rapidly deserted him . His third place at the Portugal Masters in October 2012 was his best finish since 2006 though he did record a handful of top-25 finishes in 2013 . Campbell 's win at Pinehurst gave him a 10-year exemption at the tournament , meaning 2015 will be the last year he does n't need to quality , but he now wo n't be able to relive any of those fond U.S Open memories at Pinehurst . Golf : Caddie dies , play continues	2005 U.S. Open champion Michael Campbell out of this year 's tournament New Zealander misses chance to return to scene of his famous triumph at Pinehurst Injury and personal problems mean he has withdrawn from 2014 tournament
CNN  -- Churches can stop a shooter or anyone else intent on harming church members with the proper security measures in place , an expert on protecting places of worship said Monday . Police say the attacker walked into First Baptist Church of Maryville , Illinois , on Sunday and began firing . "  A church is not helpless when they have a plan , and properly trained security , " said Jeff Hawkins , the executive director of the Christian Security Network . First Baptist Church in Maryville , Illinois , had a security plan in place when a gunman walked into services Sunday morning and killed Pastor Fred Winters , said Tim Lawson , another pastor at the church . Lawson told CNN he was not prepared to disclose details of his church 's security plan on Monday . But Maryville police Chief Rich Schardam said Winters was keenly aware of the security issues , had sought out police advice and had identified police and medical personnel in the congregation who could help in an emergency . "  They did have plans on what to do , " Schardam said Monday . Schardam said neither of the men who subdued the gunman had a law enforcement background . "  Those parishioners were just real-life heroes , " Pastor Lawson said . See how gunman killed Illinois pastor " Schardam said the suspect in Sunday 's shooting , 27-year-old Terry J. Sedlacek , had no known relationship to the church or Winters , and random attacks are impossible to anticipate . Hawkins called the Illinois killing "  tragic , " but he said in the year or so since the Christian Security Network has been actively training churches , numerous other tragedies have been averted . "  These incidents are n't going to make the news , " said Hawkins . "  But they are happening everywhere , big city or small town . " Hundreds of church leaders have told him about all kinds of attacks they have recently faced , from arsons and burglaries to assaults on members and church leaders . In the first two months of 2009 , churches have described more than 140 acts of violence to the Network , he said . In one incident , congregants noticed a person dressed inappropriately for the weather and acting odd . The man was taken outside and questioned . Under his coat , he had two machetes strapped to his back . "  He said that he had been hearing the devil speaking to him , telling him to cut the pastor 's head off , " Hawkins said . "  There was no struggle , and everything was calm . The man was removed . " Hawkins combined his professional security background with his experience working in a Christian ministry in founding Christian Security Network last year , not long after a gunman killed two people and wounded seven in a Knoxville , Tennessee , church . The shooter attacked children who were performing a musical in front of the congregation . Violent crime in churches is not tracked , Hawkins said . "  The church is really behind in secular world in terms of planning , " he said . Browse a U.S. map of other recent church shootings " It 's essential that a church must balance having a security presence while still keeping a house of worship open to everyone , he said . "  Some churches choose armed guards , some have a much more subtle security presence where you would n't even know it 's there . " A church should have five security plans in place to deal with evacuation , long-term shelter , medical emergencies , lost or missing children and violent confrontations , he said . "  Every church is different so you need something that is going to work for that particular church 's culture and size , " he said . "  And I think now , especially after September 11 , people want to feel secure . They want to know if they bring their family somewhere , it 's going to be a safe environment . "  Everyone should approach this realistically and not say , ` This could n't happen here in church , ' because we see it happen all the time . " Dale Annis , founder of Church Security Services , a consulting company that advises houses of worship on security strategies , told CNN in November that his business has been growing for five years . "  You have to take some of the incentive yourself . I do n't think you walk down dark alleys in bad parts of town and say ` God will protect me , ' " said Annis , who is also in charge of security at his parish , the Olive Drive Church in Bakersfield , California . In states where laws allow people to carry concealed weapons , volunteers have become a cost-effective means of providing security , Annis said . A bill that would have allowed concealed weapons in Arkansas churches failed to get out of a state Senate committee last month . Highview Baptist Church in Louisville , Kentucky , has a volunteer security force consisting of at least one armed guard during any given worship service . "  We realized that , as the largest Baptist church in Kentucky , we 'd be a little naive to think something would never happen to us , " Highview Pastor Randy Record , who is also a police officer , told CNN last year . "  We 're catching up in an era of terrorism and a church is no different . " CNN 's Ashley Fantz , Emanuella Grinberg and Brad Lendon contributed to this report .	NEW : Slain pastor discussed security plans with police , chief says NEW : Attack on Illinois pastor appeared to be random , police chief says Pastor gunned down at Illinois church on Sunday Numerous tragedies averted by security planning , one expert says
CNN  -- Al Qaeda 's north African wing has released an audio message from an Italian man whom it says it has kidnapped and has set a 25-day deadline for the Italian government to meet its demands . The message was accompanied by a still photograph , posted on Islamist Web sites , showing a bearded man kneeling in front of a group of six armed and masked men . The group , Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb , says the man is Cicala Sergio . The group says it has been holding the man and his wife for two months . The audio message , dated February 24 , urges the Italian government to meet the group 's demands in 25 days -- although it was unclear what those demands are . "  If you want to guarantee the safety of these two Italian captives , you need to pressure your government and urge them to respond to the legitimate demands , " the statement said . CNN could not immediately determine the authenticity of the message . In June , Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb executed a British man after the British government did not give in to its demand to release Abu Qatada , a Jordanian considered to be al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden 's right-hand man in Europe . The group began life as the Salafist Group for Preaching and Combat with aspirations to overthrow the Algerian government . Around 2004 , it joined forces with al Qaeda and extended its reach across North and West Africa . CNN 's Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	The group , Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb , says man is Cicala Sergio It was unclear what the group 's demands were In June the group executed a British man after UK refused to release Abu Qatada
New York  CNN  A team of senior-level FBI agents with decades of experience in long-term criminal and public corruption cases are handling the federal civil rights investigation into the controversial chokehold death of an unarmed black man by a white police officer , two law enforcement sources said Tuesday . The New York-based agents have come together in recent weeks following a December grand jury decision to not indict the police officer , the sources told CNN . The goal is a "  fresh look " into the July death of Eric Garner at the hands of police Officer Daniel Pantaleo , in a case that led to anti-police demonstrations throughout the nation , a senior law enforcement official said . The veteran investigators include an agent from the white-collar crime division who specializes in long-term criminal investigations , a supervisor in the public corruption unit and an agent who investigated the infamous 1997 police torture case involving Haitian immigrant Abner Louima , the source said The investigation , which began in earnest after a grand jury declined to indict the officer , will look at everything from the actions of the responding officers and paramedics on the Staten Island street where Garner died to the role NYPD training may have played in the death , according to the source . The New York City Police Department prohibits chokeholds . "  We want ... to take a fresh look , " the senior official said . Pantaleo 's attorney , Stuart London , said the agents will find "  there was no willful conduct with the specific intent to violate a federally protected right . " "  This was a simple street encounter and race was n't an issue , " he said . During Garner 's fatal police encounter on July 17 , he raised both hands in the air and told the officers not to touch him . Seconds later , a video shows an officer behind Garner grab him in a chokehold and pull him to the sidewalk , rolling him onto his stomach . "  I ca n't breathe ! I ca n't breathe ! " Garner said repeatedly , his cries muffled into the pavement . Garner , 43 , was pronounced dead that day . Police had suspected Garner of selling cigarettes illegally . Eric Garner : The haunting last words of a dying man As part of the federal investigation , FBI agents have visited the scene of Garner 's death . They 're also interviewing witnesses as well as reviewing witness testimony , the senior official said . The investigation is overseen by the federal prosecutor 's office in Brooklyn . The agents will also look over evidence from the NYPD 's internal affairs investigation and may ask to interview officers and emergency medical technicians who responded , the official said . Another aspect of the probe will be whether a chokehold was in fact used in restraining Garner , the senior official said . The cause of Garner 's death was "  compression of neck  chokehold  , compression of chest and prone positioning during physical restraint by police , " the medical examiner 's office has said . The death was ruled a homicide . The medical examiner also listed acute and chronic bronchial asthma , obesity and hypertensive cardiovascular disease as contributing factors in Garner 's death . The grand jury was made up of 14 white and nine nonwhite members , according to law enforcement sources . A total of 12 jurors who heard all the evidence must be in agreement for a decision . Videos document Garner 's last moments The case became emblematic of longstanding tensions between police and minority communities , especially given that the majority of people stopped under the NYPD 's former "  stop-and-frisk " police policy were African-American or Hispanic . A federal court ruled that stop-and-frisk was unconstitutional and tantamount to racial profiling . Garner 's death led to demonstrations around the city and came weeks before the racially charged police shooting of unarmed teen Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri . Separate grand jury decisions declining to prosecute police officers in connection with both deaths sparked national protests that sometimes involved clashes with police . After the death , Pantaleo was put on modified assignment and stripped of his badge and gun amid the investigation , and the NYPD commissioner ordered an extensive review of training procedures . Two lawsuits have previously been filed against Pantaleo . The plaintiffs in both suits allege false arrest , unlawful imprisonment , civil rights violations and other charges . One suit from 2013 was dismissed in January 2014 , while the second , from February 2014 , remains open .	Senior FBI agents lead federal civil rights investigation in chokehold death Eric Garner died at hands of police officers in July
CNN  -- A series of explosions at an ammunition depot killed 200 people and wounded about 2,000 more in Brazzaville , the capital of Africa 's Republic of Congo , Congolese officials said Monday . The explosions occurred shortly after 8 a.m. Sunday  2 a.m. ET  when a fire at the depot set off a cache of tank shells , said Betu Bangana , director of protocol for President Denis Sassou-Nguesso . Bangana said at least 200 people had been confirmed dead by Monday morning , and many bodies may be "  unfindable . " Ministry of Information press attache Bruno Impene said hospitals were overflowing , with the wounded lying in the corridors . The blasts destroyed numerous homes in the neighborhoods surrounding the installation , Bangana said . The force of the explosions broke windows up to 5 km  3 miles  away in Kinshasa , the capital of the neighboring Democratic Republic of the Congo . The DRC 's military responded by putting tanks and troops on the streets and the banks of the Congo River , which separates the two cities , until it became clear that no attack on the capital was under way . Impene said a short circuit the suspected cause of the fire . Authorities are treating the blaze as accidental , Bangana said . CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse and journalist Fred Robarts contributed to this report .	Hospitals are overflowing with wounded , an official says An electrical short is the suspected cause of the ammo dump blasts Congo 's government says the explosions killed at least 200 people The concussions broke windows across the Congo River in Kinshasa
EW.com  -- The last we saw of Captain Jack Sparrow , he was on a beach with ol' scallywag Gibbs , reflecting on his decision to deny himself the Fountain of Youth . "  Who 's to say I wo n't live forever -LSB- anyway -RSB- , eh ? , " he says . Indeed . Despite some delays $ " and a Lone Ranger-sized hiccup $ " the long-awaited next chapter in the "  Pirates " franchise , following 2011 $  s "  On Stranger Tides , " has a new official release date : July 7 , 2017 . Common sen $ e dictated that there needed to be another film , even though the fourth film was hardly the best-regarded of Capt. Jack 's adventures . Still , it grossed more than $ 1 billion around the world . A fifth film , at one point titled "  Dead Men Tell No Tales , " was initially targeted for a 2015 release , with Kon-Tiki directors Joachim Ronning and Espen Sandberg taking over for Rob Marshall  who in turn had taken over for Gore Verbinski . But last summer , shortly after "  The Lone Ranger " had put a $ 190 million dent in Disney 's bottom line , the project was delayed , due to budgetary concerns and an unfinished script . Now , Disney is recalibrating Sparrow 's course for 2017 . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The film is set for July 7 , 2017 A fifth film was initially targeted for a 2015 release The project was delayed after "  Lone Ranger "
Newark , New Jersey  CNN  -- Whitney Houston went to church one last time Saturday . She was welcomed by family , friends and a virtual audience of millions who watched as the pop superstar was remembered as a child of God with the voice of an angel . A voice that never forgot its roots . "  Jesus Loves Me " was the last song Houston sang in public before her death February 11 in Beverly Hills , California , at the age of 48 . So it was fitting that the mourners -- comforted and encouraged by the likes of Stevie Wonder , Alicia Keys and R. Kelly -- heard the simple , but powerful , "  Jesus Loves Me , " this time performed by CeCe Winans . Saturday 's homegoing service was held at New Hope Baptist Church , where Houston , nicknamed "  Nippy , " was soloing in the junior choir by age 11 . Even with her ensuing fame , which brought six Grammy Awards , glamorous living and parties on the West Coast , and seven consecutive No. 1 singles , Houston never forgot her Newark , New Jersey , hometown . Actor Kevin Costner , who starred with Houston in her first movie , "  The Bodyguard , " recounted how both of them grew up in the Baptist faith and had family members who sang in the choir . "  Church was our bond , " Costner said . Houston , the actor said , overcame her doubts about having what it took to earn the role in "  The Bodyguard . " She alone , Costner said , was the right choice . "  Now you are gone , too soon , leaving us with memories of a little girl who stepped bravely in front of this church , in front of the ones that loved you first , " Costner said . "  In front of the ones who loved you the best and loved you the longest . And boldly you stepped into the white hot light of the world 's stage . " During the three-and-a-half-hour service , Houston 's casket , covered with a large spray of flowers , rested in front of the altar . While many of her fans lamented the fact that Houston 's service was invitation-only , Pastor Marvin Winans , who delivered the eulogy , thanked Cissy Houston , Whitney 's mother , for having the service at New Hope . "  That took a lot of courage . And because of that you brought the world to church today , " Winans said during his eulogy . The six-page funeral program contained color family photos and a letter from Cissy Houston . The letter included the message , "  God said ` It 's time , Nippy . Your work is done . ' " It was signed , "  Thanks for being such a wonderful daughter . Love , Mommie . " Houston also left behind a daughter , Bobbi Kristina Brown , 18 . Through the tears and occasional laughter , performers and speakers spoke of Houston 's loyalty . Gospel singer and longtime friend BeBe Winans was visibly emotional as he recalled a memory of Houston 's sense of humor . With his sister , CeCe , by his side , he told the story of how Houston , then a major celebrity , informed them of her intent to sing background vocals on their new tour . When they told her she was too big a star to do that now , Houston responded , "  You 're my brother and sister , right ? " The exchange went on for a few minutes and then Houston told them , "  Y' all broke , right ? I 'm rich , right ? So I can buy what I want to for y' all . " Winans said that was the Whitney Houston he would remember . Then he sang , "  I Really Miss You . " A "  who 's who " of musical performers adapted lyrics in tribute to Houston . Gospel singer and friend Kim Burrell sang a reworked version of Sam Cooke 's "  A Change is Gon na Come , " adding glimpses of Houston 's life to the lyrics . After finishing , she walked down to the pew where Cissy Houston sat and embraced her . One of the most emotional moments in the service came when Keys sang "  Send Me an Angel , " her voice soaring into the rafters of the sanctuary . Oprah Winfrey , Mary J. Blige , Mariah Carey , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , Spike Lee , and Houston 's former husband , Bobby Brown , were among those in attendance . Brown walked by Houston 's casket with his head down before the service began . Police said Brown and his entourage later left the church during the service . At the time of her death , Houston was in the Los Angeles area for the 54th annual Grammy Awards and was to attend a party hosted by her longtime mentor and record producer , Clive Davis . She was discovered dead in her hotel suite . A cause of death has not been determined . Mourners heard only a few indirect references to her personal battles . A close family friend told CNN on Tuesday that Houston had not used "  hard drugs " for several years . Investigators are examining prescription drugs found in her hotel room . Through her turmoil , speakers said , Houston remained true to her faith . "  In her final days , she held on to what you taught her to believe in , " said Patricia Houston , Whitney 's sister-in-law and former manager . "  I promise you she did . " Ray Watson , Houston 's bodyguard , recalled some of his last interactions with the singer . "  In our final days , she came in my room and she began to speak biblically , " he said . "  She laid her head on my shoulder and said , ` We are gon na be all right . ' Speakers , including Bishop T.D. Jakes and director-producer Tyler Perry , spoke of the promise of tomorrow . "  Death has not won . Your tears may flow . The flowers might wither , " Jakes said . "  You will find people you love may leave you outwardly , but  they  will not leave you inwardly . " At the conclusion of the service , Houston 's iconic recording of "  I Will Always Love You " was played as her coffin was removed from the sanctuary . Her mother leaned on her escorts as they helped her down the aisle . Houston will be laid to rest Sunday at the Fairview Cemetery in Westfield , just south of Newark . She has come home . Never-seen photos of teenage Whitney Houston CNN 's Jason Carroll reported from Newark and Phil Gast from Atlanta . CNN 's Raelyn Johson , Denise Quan , Melissa Gray , K.J. Matthews , Don Lemon , Chelsea J. Carter , Cathy Straight and Eden Pontz contributed to this report .	Houston 's iconic recording of "  I Will Always Love You " is played as her coffin is removed Funeral program includes a letter from Cissy Houston to her daughter Cissy Houston : "  Your work is done " Bishop T.D. Jakes speaks of victory over death
CNN  -- A woman in rural Papua New Guinea was bound and gagged , tied to a log and set ablaze on a pile of tires this week , possibly because villagers suspected her of being a witch , police said Thursday . Her death adds to a growing list of men and women who have been accused of sorcery and then tortured or killed in the South Pacific island nation , where traditional beliefs hold sway in many regions . The victims are often scapegoats for someone else 's unexplained death , and bands of tribesmen collude to mete out justice to them for their supposed magical powers , police said . "  We have had difficulties in a number of previous incidents convincing people to come forward with information , " said Simon Kauba , assistant commissioner of police and commander of the Highlands region , where the killing occurred . "  We are trying to persuade them to help . Somebody lost their mother or daughter or sister Tuesday morning . " Early Tuesday , a group of people dragged the woman , believed to be in her late teens to early 20s , to a dumping ground outside the city of Mount Hagen . They stripped her naked , bound her hands and legs , stuffed a cloth in her mouth , tied her to a log and set her on fire , Kauba said . "  When the people living nearby went to the dump site to investigate what caused the fire , they found a human being burning in the flames , " he said . "  It was ugly . " The country 's Post-Courier newspaper reported Thursday that more than 50 people were killed in two Highlands provinces last year for allegedly practicing sorcery . In a well-publicized case last year , a pregnant woman gave birth to a baby girl while struggling to free herself from a tree . Villagers had dragged the woman from her house and hung her from the tree , accusing her of sorcery after her neighbor suddenly died . She and the baby survived , according to media reports . The killing of witches , or sangumas , is not a new phenomenon in rural areas of the country . Emory University anthropology professor Bruce Knauft , who lived in a village in the western province of Papua New Guinea in the early 1980s , traced family histories for 42 years and found that one in three adult deaths were homicides -- "  the bulk of these being collective killings of suspected sorcerers , " he wrote in his book , "  From Primitive to Postcolonial in Melanesia and Anthropology . " In recent years , as AIDS has taken a toll in the nation of 6.7 million people , villagers have blamed suspected witches -- and not the virus -- for the deaths . According to the United Nations , Papua New Guinea accounts for 90 percent of the Pacific region 's HIV cases and is one of four Asia-Pacific countries with an epidemic . "  We 've had a number of cases where people were killed because they were accused of spreading HIV or AIDS , " Kauba said . While there is plenty of speculation why Tuesday 's victim was killed , police said they are focused more on who committed the crime . "  If it is phobias about alleged HIV/AIDS or claims of a sexual affair , we must urge the police and judiciary to throw the book at the offenders , " the Post-Courier wrote in an editorial . "  There are remedies far , far better than to torture and immolate a young woman before she can be judged by a lawful system . "	Woman suspected to be witch in Papua New Guinea burned alive Death adds to growing list of people accused of sorcery tortured or killed Victims are often scapegoats for someone else 's unexplained death
Cairo  CNN  -- A Syrian-born broadcaster and activist working in Egypt said Saturday his kidnapped wife was found and taken to a hospital . "  My wife was found in a bad medical condition on a street in the suburbs of Cairo by a woman who took her to the hospital , " said Thaer al-Nashef . "  I am on my way to see her now . " Media coverage likely led to the release , said al-Nashef , indicating the abductors "  were probably paid thugs . " Egyptian police did not immediately confirm his account . Thaer al-Nashef , who describes himself as a "  political activist against the Syrian regime , " said Friday he believed the kidnapping of his pregnant 25-year-old wife , Mona al-Gharib , was the work of Syrian intelligence agents operating in the country . There was no response from the Syrian government about the allegations . Egyptian police confirmed that al-Nashef filed a police report about his wife 's disappearance on Friday . Al-Nashef said he went to the general prosecutor 's office Saturday and was told officials have the phones of the suspected kidnappers under surveillance . Al-Nashef said he was alerted to the alleged kidnapping by a text message . "  We have kidnapped your wife , you dirty dog , so you do n't insult your master again , " al-Nashef quoted the text as saying . Al-Nashef said he received further text messages from the alleged kidnappers , including one that threatened that his wife would be raped , and another saying his wife would be killed if he went to the media with the story . A message sent Saturday , he said , read : "  The Nile will deliver your wife 's dead body . You killed her by opening with your big mouth to the media . You are next . " Al-Nashef 's wife is an Egyptian citizen and a student at Azhar University , he said . She is six months pregnant with their second child , he said . Al-Nashef said the messages came from an Egyptian number . Al-Nashef is a freelance journalist in Egypt and serves as a TV anchor for several networks , including January 25 TV , which was launched after the revolution , which toppled Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak . The Syrian government has been accused of seeking retribution against relatives of Syrian activists working against the Bashar al-Assad regime from abroad . The U.S. State Department announced this summer that it had received reports that Syrian mission personnel had been conducting video surveillance of people participating in peaceful demonstrations in the United States .	The woman is the wife of a freelance TV anchor in Egypt Her husband accuses Syrian intelligence agents of carrying out the alleged kidnapping Police are investigating the origins of text messages allegedly from the kidnappers
CNN  -- More and more , today 's video game business is driven by huge military shooters like Activision 's "  Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 3 " and Electronic Arts ' "  Battlefield 3 . " Now , Erik Prince , the founder of a controversial , real-world military group , is stepping into the virtual war zone with a new first-person shooter , "  Blackwater . " Designed exclusively for Microsoft 's Kinect for Xbox 360 , "  Blackwater " was developed by Zombie Studios and overseen by Prince , a former Navy SEAL . The shooter is set in a fictional North African town overrun by warlords and opposing militia forces . Players enter the fray as team members of Blackwater , the mercenaries-for-hire company that Prince founded in 1997 . Featuring licensed real-world weapons , the game can be played with a traditional controller . But it has been crafted to take advantage of Kinect 's motion controls . Gamers will be able to aim , crouch , and interact with the on-screen action using only body gestures and moves to take out enemies through a series of action-packed missions . The game has already courted controversy , since Blackwater employees were linked to the deaths of numerous noncombatants and civilians in the Middle East while employed by the U.S. government . Critics have complained about the game because Blackwater employees take on missions for money , while U.S. soldiers , the focal point of games like "  Modern Warfare 3 " and "  Battlefield 3 , " fight for their country . Following inquiries by Congress into Blackwater actions in Iraq and Afghanistan , including a shootout that led to the deaths of 17 Iraqis , Prince changed the company 's name to Xe and , in 2009 , resigned as CEO . He sold the company last year . Although the game was created with the aid of former Blackwater employees , the gameplay does not put players in situations where civilians or noncombatants are targets . The same can not be said about "  Modern Warfare 2 , " which earned more than $ 1 billion for Activision a couple of years ago . That fictional game featured an intense airport sequence in which players were forced to target innocent civilians as an undercover terrorist or risk having their cover blown and being executed . Prince talked to CNN in an exclusive interview about the first shooter designed for Kinect , why he decided to enter the games business and what gadget he ca n't live without . CNN : Why did you decide to enter the video game business ? Prince : Video games are an exciting medium . The creativity of design , the technology and the interaction represent the best of American innovation . My father was a brilliant inventor and businessman . He taught me to appreciate the opportunities that America offers to innovators . Working with the brilliant creators in this industry was a logical progression for me . CNN : How involved were you in this game ? Prince : I set the overall vision and mission areas for this game . My guidelines were to be interactive , tactically correct , fun and expandable , meaning we can add additional missions and accessories to the game going forward . CNN : What did you learn about how video games are made from this experience ? Prince : I now realize that the video game industry is very large and sophisticated , larger even than Hollywood in terms of volume . There is every aspect of specialization in the production of these games . Integrating physical motion into on-screen motion is an exciting new frontier for the industry . CNN : How do you think the Blackwater brand will appeal to the gaming demographic ? Prince : I believe "  Blackwater " will have a unique appeal to gamers , particularly on the Kinect platform . The physical , visual and virtual feel of participating in a mission brings a level of excitement and realism to the game that is hard to match . And frankly , it 's fun . I think gamers will really enjoy playing the game . CNN : Do you play games or have any background playing games ? If so , what have you played lately ? Prince : I 'm afraid I do n't have time to play any games these days . I certainly played a lot when I was a kid and I know it helped develop my hand to eye coordination . CNN : What are your thoughts on how video games have evolved over the years ? Prince : The video game industry is constantly evolving . The sheer creativity matched with cutting-edge technologies gives me the comfort that innovation is alive and well in America . And we can see the impact that the gaming industry is having on other entertainment media , as well as military training or flight simulation . It 's a fascinating synthesis of ideas , technologies and platforms . CNN : How does this game being a Blackwater experience differentiate it from franchises like "  Call of Duty : Modern Warfare , " "  Medal of Honor " and "  Battlefield " ? Prince : "  Blackwater " on the Kinect system gets you up and moving . You 'll have to act and react with something more than your thumbs . It is definitely the next step of progression into a truly interactive experience . CNN : Why do you think simulation military shooters are so popular today ? "  Call of Duty " is the biggest game franchise of all time . Prince : The popularity of simulation military shooters today is really no different from the popularity of playing soldier or cops-and-robbers when we were kids . Take timeless themes of courage , good vs. evil and war , and add today 's technology and you get a very popular genre . We 've taken the proven concept a step further with this game by having the player actually have to move their body to navigate the game . The military uses video games -- from America 's Army online game to the new Dismounted Soldier Training System  which uses the Crytek game engine and virtual reality to train squads in war zones  . CNN : What are your thoughts on the role games are playing in training in the military today ? Prince : Training for any difficult job is essential . Combat being the most difficult , it 's the same reason the Navy started the Top Gun program during Vietnam , because they were losing way too many new pilots during air combat . Top Gun , by giving pilots realistic experiences simulating combat , drastically improved their performance and survivability . With video game simulations , DOD is providing many of the same sights/sounds and system overloading experiences to soldiers before they encounter a real firefight so they are prepared to make good decisions in the middle of all that stress . CNN : Outside of work , what 's a favorite piece of technology or gadget that you ca n't live without and why ? Prince : My kids would certainly comment on my use  or overuse  of a BlackBerry and iPad .	Gamers can aim , crouch and interact with the on-screen action using only body gestures Critics have complained because Blackwater employees take on missions for money " ` Blackwater ' on the Kinect system gets you up and moving , " Erik Prince says
CNN  -- Decked out in voluminous Victorian-style dresses , complete with horn-shaped headgear , the Herero ladies of Namibia have held on tight to a piece of 19th century history . For over a century these women have fiercely protected their dress as a crucial part of their cultural identity . Their style of dressing was influenced by the wives of German missionaries and colonialists who first came to the country in the early 1900s . The long dresses are heavy and reflect the style of the Victorian period with numerous petticoats worn to add fullness to their skirts . They are hand-sewn by the women who add their own personal style and flair . Blogger Mwalimushi Kamati-Chinkoti of My Beautiful Namibia website says wearing the dresses often symbolizes a woman 's place in the society . She wrote on her website : "  These outfits are regarded as proper dress for traditional married women . By wearing the long dress , a newly-married woman shows her in-laws that she is willing to take up the responsibilities of a Herero home and will raise her children to respect their heritage and their father 's family . " "  The Herero women 's long dress has become a symbol of Herero tradition for Herero , tourists , scholars and other Namibians , " she added . It is a view echoed by Lutz Marten , a linguist at London 's School of Oriental and African studies with a specialism in the Herero tribe . He explains that the style of dress has become an important part of the Herero women 's identity . iReport : send in your photos from Namibia "  It reflects a strong sense of history and the memory of national rebuilding after the -LSB- Herero-German -RSB- 1904 war , " he said . "  It also provides a sense of cultural identity in general , in the historical context and in the context of modern-day Namibia , " he added . The colorful dresses are topped off with an elaborate headgear made of a matching fabric . According to Tim Henshall , a British tour operator who has visited the region for nearly two decades and gotten to know some of the women , the headdress is "  built to represent the horns of the cattle , which are so important to the Himba and Herero communities . " "  The Germans in Namibia brought people in to work for them so they took the local communities and gave them work in their houses and on their land , " said Henshall , who runs Kamili Safaris . "  Instead of the Herero being topless and barely covered , which would offend the modest attitudes of Victorians at the time , they wanted them to be covered up , " he added . Henshall added that the women showed no sign of being bothered by wearing the outfits , even in Namibia 's tropical climate . The Herero and Himba people are a pastoral , cattle-breeding tribe who migrated to Namibia several centuries ago . The traditional Herero live in the north of the country in the Kunene region and the Damaraland area . Around 150 years ago , the two groups split and Herero settled in towns and villages while the Himba continued with a nomadic lifestyle . The Herero women take enormous pride in their outfits and have also developed a sideline in making and selling dolls wearing exact replicas of the dresses to tourists . Quiz : what do you know about Namibia ? Marten says that keeping the memory of the Herero-German war alive is very important and that there is an annual festival in August to commemorate this . He adds that the Herero genocide in 1904 killed almost 75 % of the population , and the event is a key moment in Herero identity . "  This is in part assimilation to European culture , and also in part appropriation , a coming-to-terms with , and overcoming of history and the colonial experience , " he said . This article was originally published on November 3 , 2011 for ` Inside Africa ' . CNN 's Eye On series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy	Many Herero women in Namibia wear traditional Victorian-style costume The style of clothing was brought to the country by German colonialists over 100 years ago The hats worn by Herero women represent the horns of cattle The style of dress continues to be passed down through generations
CNN  -- Carol , a 39-year-old circus elephant wounded in a drive-by shooting , is expected to make a full recovery . She was shot on the grounds of BancorpSouth Arena , in Tupelo , Mississippi , while on tour with "  The Greatest Show on Earth . " "  It appeared to be a deliberate , targeted event , " said Capt. Rusty Haynes , with the Tupelo police . Authorities are looking for a silver or white Ford Explorer that was seen in the area at the time of the shooting , around 2 a.m. Tuesday . Haynes said Carol , an Asian elephant , was struck on her neck , between her shoulder and ear . A reward for information leading to an arrest and conviction in the case has climbed to $ 24,000 . A part of that money is coming from the U.S. government , as Asian elephants are endangered , Haynes said . Carol will spend several weeks in Missouri convalescing . "  I have no idea why anyone in the world would want to do something so malicious or stupid , " the police captain said Wednesday . "  It makes no sense to me whatsoever . " Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus is scheduled to open in Tupelo on Thursday . It bills itself as "  The Greatest Show on Earth . "	39-year-old Carol was shot in Tupelo , Mississippi Police are looking for a silver or white Ford Explorer A $ 24,000 reward is being offered in the case
CNN  -- With its glassy touch screen , powerful graphics , crisp sound and tilt feature , the iPhone is more than a smart phone for some users -- it 's a portable entertainment system . "  Trism " developer Steve Demeter demonstrates his game via webcast to CNN.com 's Nicole Lapin . It 's also become a potential gold mine for entrepreneurs who create games for the device . Just ask Steve Demeter , developer of the popular puzzle game "  Trism . " A former ATM software designer for a large bank , Demeter created "  Trism " in his spare time and pitched it to Apple last spring . The company made the game available for download with the July launch of its App Store , an online provider of applications for its iPods and iPhones . Priced at $ 5 , "  Trism " earned Demeter $ 250,000 in profits the first two months . "  It 's done phenomenal business , " said Demeter , 29 , who lives in the California 's San Francisco Bay area . "  I 'm very honored that so many people would enjoy my game . I get e-mails from 50-year-old ladies who say , "  I do n't play games , but I love Trism . ' That 's the coolest thing . " It can take dozens of professional developers and millions of dollars to create a video game for a traditional console such as a PlayStation or an Xbox . But the iPhone and the App Store have helped democratize game development by opening the field to any software coder with talent and a clever idea , industry observers say . "  A single one of these titles can be turned around for pennies by comparison in just weeks by a single hobbyist working in their off-hours , " said Scott Steinberg , publisher of DigitalTrends.com and author of "  Get Rich Playing Games . " "  The overhead and barriers to entry are so low that virtually anyone can afford to take a crack , if not several , at hitting a home run . " Demeter took his crack after attending an iPhone conference in the summer of 2007 . He spent months afterward brainstorming , by himself and with friends , about how to create an original game for the device . Once he got the idea for "  Trism " in February he spent another four months coding the game on nights and weekends . The result is a puzzle game , like "  Bejeweled , " in which players manipulate a colorful grid of triangles . Players score points by lining up three or more like-colored triangles in a row , with an iPhone twist : The triangles rearrange themselves depending on which way the player rotates the phone . "  I did the game myself , basically . I had a buddy of mine who actually came up with the name ` Trism . ' I paid him a couple of grand . But other than that it -LSB- was -RSB- just me , " Demeter told CNN . "  It 's a very simple-to-learn , hard-to-master puzzle game . It was n't as hard -LSB- to develop -RSB- as a 3-D , gun-and-battle kind of game . But for the one-man team that I was , it was definitely a challenge . " Demeter quit his bank job two months ago and has launched a company , Demiforce , to develop more electronic games . Now he has a salaried staff , five games in development and two coming out by Christmas , including a spinoff to "  Trism " called "  Trismology . " "  Apple has made it so easy to put -LSB- game publishing -RSB- in the palms of developers , " he said . "  You just make it and then you submit it to Apple . If you have a relevant , fun game or application , I do n't see any reason why it should n't be approved . " Developers earn 70 percent of App Store proceeds from the sale of their games , with Apple taking 30 percent . The field is getting crowded , though . There now are more than 1,500 iPhone games available from the App Store , up from about 900 two months ago . "  It 's a rich and promising vein that several independent game publishers have been able to successfully tap , " said DigitalTrends ' Steinberg in an e-mail interview . "  However , success stories remain the exception , not the norm -- as with any gold rush , what we 're presently seeing is a massive number of prospectors looking to stake their claim . "  Many of the overnight successes we 've witnessed enjoyed the benefits of timing and visibility , advantages quickly being eroded due to market oversaturation , " Steinberg added . "  Let 's put it this way : I would n't tell anyone to quit their day job just yet . As with any Cinderella story , chances of recreating this kind of success are few and far between . "	The iPhone has become a gold mine for those who create games for the device Steve Demeter developed the popular puzzle game "  Trism " in his spare time "  Trism " earned Demeter $ 250,000 in two months , inspired him to quit his bank job The App Store has helped open the game-development field to entrepreneurs
A Brazilian woman has confessed to shooting her husband , dismembering him and scattering the parts in a wooded area outside Sao Paulo , police said on Wednesday . Elize Ramos Kitano Matsunaga , 38 , killed her husband , Marcos Kitano Matsunaga , 42 , in their apartment in Sao Paulo last month , police said . Police found his body parts in plastic bags along a road in Cotia , about 30 kilometers outside the city . On Wednesday , the chief of the homicide department , Jorge Carrasco , told a press conference that Matsunaga  s wife had confessed . Police link Vancouver body parts to Montreal dismemberment suspect "  She confessed spontaneously that she was the perpetrator of the homicide and she also confessed that she acted alone , " he said . "  She reaffirmed that it was a crime of passion , " he added . "  It was a marital argument over infidelity . " Carrasco said Matsunaga , a trained nurse , confessed to shooting her husband in the head and then dragging his body to the maid 's bathroom , where she dismembered him . Security cameras filmed her leaving the apartment building with large suitcases , tipping off police , who had detained her as a suspect .	Police find body parts in bags along a road in Cotia , Brazil Argument over infidelity led to the killing , police say The say the wife has confessed to the killing
Washington  CNN  -- Some call gridlocked Washington a "  hopeless place , " but the "  Good Girl Gone Bad " found much more than just love outside 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue on Monday -- Rihanna found new Instagram photos . The photos do n't prove she could "  Run This Town , " but Rihanna 's certainly got a flair for this "  This Town . " Less than two weeks after making her triumphant return to Instagram , the pop star toured the White House on Monday with a large entourage and seemed genuinely excited to see the inside of the White House . Rihanna even took to the podium in the White House briefing room and pretended to field questions from the press before taking a walk on the North Lawn . The Barbados singer apparently also channeled her inner Olivia Pope , the fictional star of ABC 's "  Scandal , " played by Kerry Washington . In one caption where Rihanna is talking on a pay phone , the caption reads "  Fitz , darling , " an apparent reference to "  Scandal " 's President Fitzgerald Grant , the fictional two-term incumbent Republican and former governor of California . In another caption , Rihanna drops the acronym "  O.P.A. " though it was unclear if she was referencing Oliva Pope and Associates , or the Department of Health and Human Services branch Office of Population Affairs . But the tour was n't all fun and games as Rihanna also met with administration officials about potential areas of partnership like working on the President 's "  My Brother 's Keeper " initiative . Rihanna is in town for the Veterans Day benefit Concert for Valor , where she will perform Tuesday alongside Bruce Springsteen , Carrie Underwood and other artists . . CNN 's Kevin Liptak also contributed to this report .	Singer Rihanna is in Washington for the Veterans Day benefit Concert for Valor She toured the White House on Monday , posting Instagram photos along the way She made apparent references to ABC 's ` Scandal , ' which features a fictional White House Rihanna 's popular Instagram feed has just recently posted photos after a 6-month absence
Los Angeles  CNN  -- "  We are One " ? Not quite . Singer Jennifer Lopez , who was supposed to perform the official song of this year 's World Cup at the opening ceremony this week , has pulled out . "  Regretfully Jennifer Lopez will not be attending this year 's World Cup opening ceremonies , " her rep told CNN in a statement late Sunday night . No reason was offered . Lopez teamed up with rapper Pitbull and Brazilian star Claudia Leitte to record Brazil 2014 's official song , "  We Are One  Ola Ola  . " The trio was slated to perform at the tournament 's opening ceremony ahead of the host 's first match with Croatia on Sao Paulo on Thursday . The World Cup song has been a tradition since the 1966 World Cup in England , when a song dedicated to the tournament mascot , a lion named "  World Cup Willie , " was released . Four years ago , it was Shakira telling the world to "  Waka Waka " ahead of South Africa 2010 . Soon after the song was released , Pitbull , who has previously worked with the likes of Christina Aguilera and Enrique Iglesias , spoke of his joy at being involved in the project . "  I 'm honored to join Jennifer Lopez and Claudia Leitte at the FIFA World Cup to bring the world together , " said Pitbull . "  I truly believe that this great game and the power of music will help unify us , because we are best when we are one . "	Singer pulls out of opening ceremony performance She recorded "  We are One  Ola Ola  " with Pitbull and Claudia Leitte No reason was given for her withdrawal
CNN  -- Your daughter 's favorite doll is lost , and she wo n't stop crying . What if you could replace it in 20 minutes ? Your spatula breaks in the middle of dinner prep . Why not just whip up a new one ? Believe it or not , this stuff is possible . We are in the middle of a self-manufacturing revolution , thanks to innovations in 3-D printing . 3-D printers have been around for years , but only now are they finally becoming more affordable for the general public . While more popular printers such as the MakerBot Replicator 2 and the Cube have been known to cost more than $ 1,000 , the Buccaneer is a new 3-D printer that successfully reached its goal on crowd-funding site Kickstarter this year and will be available for consumer purchase this fall for under $ 400 . That 's less than some iPhones . Not only are 3-D printers more affordable , but they are getting even better at printing , too . Many are starting to accommodate materials other than the standard plastic filament , enabling 3-D experimenters to print with wood , metals , cookie dough and more . These advancements are making it easy and fun to use 3-D printers to create everyday products , such as home decor , jewelry , toys and even running shoes . Can you envision a future Christmas where you print all your gifts instead of shop for them ? It could soon be reality in even the most tech-averse household , and it might just end up saving the craftier among us lots of time and money . Why buy a $ 50 vase when you can print one for $ 2 ? Purchasing new cookie cutters seems silly once you realize you can customize your own online and print them in 15 minutes . You can even turn sentimental photos into 3-D printed goods , making for a personalized gift on birthdays and anniversaries . So how do these printers work ? First , you 'll need to install a software program onto your computer that can configure the 3-D file for whatever you are going to print . Creating 3-D files can be as easy or as complex as you like . You can either download free 3-D designs from various websites  such as Thingiverse  and send them straight to print , download a basic 3-D design that you can then tweak with slight customizations or use 3-D modeling software such as AutoCAD to create your designs from scratch . New gadgets such as the MakerBot Digitizer can even take a 360-degree scan of any product you may already have in your home , then convert it into a 3-D design so that you can clone it with your 3-D printer . This is a great way to replace objects that might be worn or slightly broken . Once your printer receives the 3-D file , it begins printing , first left to right  just like with your inkjet  , then upward to build a third dimension . You have a cartridge for your plastic just like you have one for your ink on a standard home printer . If you are n't yet ready to own a 3-D printer , you can still start 3-D printing without one . New companies such as Shapeways enable you to upload 3-D designs or browse among a marketplace of products from other designers , then print the goods for you and ship them to your home . Or if you 'd like to try a whole new 3-D printing concept in general , sign up to be one of the first to demo the 3Doodler , a pen that lets you draw products into reality . One of the coolest parts of this new industry is just how customizable printed products can be . A Japanese company called FabCafe can turn a quick scan of your body into a 3-D gummy bear-like version of yourself . Or you can use the same technology to create a mini-action figure of yourself . Think of all the possibilities for children to have their own toys replicated after themselves , or for brides and grooms to have the ultimate custom cake topper . The possibilities are endless . "  If you can think it , you can print it " might just be the new saying of our time .	3-D printing has come a long way in quality , and printers are less expensive now Everyday household items such as cookware and vases can be replicable in-house Crafters might find 3-D printers useful for gift-making and decor
Ferguson , Missouri  CNN  The embattled police here are testing something no other department in America has tried , in an effort to prevent another potentially explosive incident in which an officer kills an unarmed civilian . Ferguson police are evaluating a new attachment to their guns that could give a suspect a chance to live in an otherwise lethal encounter with police . This latest piece of weapons technology is called "  The Alternative , " and it 's an orange-colored plastic device mounted on a gun barrel that turns the first fired bullet into a pingpong ball-sized projectile , designed not to kill . Several officers have been trained on how to use it , but city officials have yet to decide on making the gear a requirement . "  It 's something we 're testing for ourselves and seeing if this is even something feasible or reasonable to use for law enforcement officers , " Mayor James Knowles told CNN . The testing began just a week shy of the six-month anniversary of the killing of unarmed black teenager Michael Brown by then-Officer Darren Wilson , who is white and has since quit the force . The August police shooting sparked an intense , sometimes violent reaction from Ferguson residents , and demonstrations spread across the country . Protesters condemned police tactics as brutal and excessive against minorities , citing other police killings of black men , often unarmed . The new gun technology is being evaluated as a remedy to the simmering tension between police and community members . Local officials did n't want to speculate whether the device could have altered the outcome of the Brown-Wilson encounter . Wilson , who was cleared of any criminal wrongdoing , told a grand jury that as he sat in his squad car , Brown , who was outside the vehicle , punched him in the face . Wilson fired multiple shots at Brown , killing him . When the gun is fired , the bullet embeds in a golf ball-sized metal bulb , attached at the muzzle . The bullet fuses inside the metal sphere , and the unit morphs into a speeding ball . Impact would be painful , but the projectile could be far less lethal than a naked bullet , the manufacturer said . Getting hit could break bones and even kill . "  It 's gon na feel like you had a professional baseball player hit you in the chest with a hammer , so it is going to hurt , " said Christian Ellis , the CEO of Alternative Ballistics . "  There is a possibility that this could kill you , but it is very slight when you compare that to a bullet . " His firm spent nine years developing the invention . "  It was actually created by a retired sheriff officer . He did not like the fact that people were being shot when the officers do have time  to consider options  but they had no other option in lethal force , " Ellis said . "  So this product gives the officer another option in that scenario when it 's not reactive , and they do have the time to put it on , " he said , referring to mounting the device at the end of a gun barrel . The device , also called a docking unit , costs $ 45 and has a one-time use . It ejects itself from the muzzle after the police gun is fired . An officer can return to shooting again in a split second , and the bullets will be direct and unhampered . Ellis describes the technology as one more tool for an officer 's belt . It provides an option that could spare the life of a threatening suspect . "  It 's like an airbag for a bullet . So the risk is worth the reward to have an airbag in the car , and the risk is worth the reward if the officer can safely use our technology , " he said . The device is n't without controversy . It could put an officer 's life in danger , some retired law officers say . "  Our problem is not with the device , our problem is with the concept . This device ignores the human factor , " said Charles "  Sid " Heal , a retired member of the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department and a consultant on alternatives to lethal force . He pointed out that The Alternative would be used in situations that could escalate with little warning , forcing officers to make yet another decision in a critical moment their lives may be on the line . "  When you 're under a lot of stress , you lose your fine motor skills and , as a result of that , pulling a trigger and thinking are far more complex than most people realize , " Heal said . Ellis understands the reluctance on the part of some departments to test the new technology , but he noted how other former law enforcement personnel have been helping develop the device . Ellis said the device is not for use when an officer must make a split-second decision , such as when a suspect pulls a gun . Rather , it 's to be used when an officer has three or more seconds to decide . During that time , an officer can place the attachment on the gun while pointing it at a suspect . So far , The Alternative has never been tested on the human body , and it has not been used in real-life situations . Ferguson police have trained with the device on their shooting range , but it has n't been taken or used on the streets . Mayor Knowles emphasized how his city continues to evaluate the technology . "  It has n't been used by anyone else , which is why we are doing all of our due diligence , making sure it 's properly tested , that it does not put anyone , especially our law enforcement , in any increased danger , and we 'll just make a decision based on that , " he said . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Device mounted on a gun barrel turns a bullet into a golf ball-sized projectile Ferguson , Missouri , police are evaluating the latest weapons technology called "  The Alternative " The projectile will still hurt and can even kill upon impact , but it 's designed to stop , not kill
He had been on the run for four decades . He escaped from prison when Richard Nixon was in the White House , joined the Black Liberation Army in Detroit , hijacked a plane and  in  famously demanded that FBI agents deliver ransom money in bathing suits . And they did . Now , after a manhunt spanning three continents that often appeared to run cold , the FBI has finally found George Wright . At age 68 , he was living quietly in the resort of Sintra near Lisbon in Portugal when he was arrested Monday . The United States is seeking his extradition from Portugal to serve the remainder of a 15 - to 30-year sentence for murder . Portuguese judicial authorities could not be reached Tuesday for details of the extradition process . Wright is fighting extradition , a U.S. federal agent said , and his next court appearance in Portugal is in about two weeks . Wright 's life story reads like an international crime novel . In 1962 , at the age of 19 , he and three associates carried out a series of robberies in New Jersey . Wright and another man shot and killed a World War II veteran in a gas station robbery in Farmingdale . He was arrested soon afterward and , after pleading no defense , was sentenced to 15 to 30 years in prison . But in 1970 , Wright escaped from Bayside State Prison in Leesburg , New Jersey , reportedly stealing the warden 's car to make his getaway . Wright made his way to Detroit , then a hotbed of militant black politics , and joined the Black Liberation Army .  He is also reputed to have made some money during this period as a part-time model , using an alias . On July 31 , 1972 , Wright and four other members of the Black Liberation Army went to Detroit airport and boarded Delta Flight 841 for Miami . Wright was dressed as a priest and carried a handgun in a hollowed-out Bible . Airport security was different in those days . Various Palestinian groups were hijacking planes regularly , as were individuals keen to go to Cuba . Altogether , the U.S. Department of Transportation recorded 364 hijackings worldwide between 1968 and 1972 : more than one a week on average . The hijackers of Delta 841 -- three men and two women accompanied by three children -- seized the plane as it approached Miami . The FBI says "  subsequent investigation identified Wright as one of the hijackers . " Once on the ground , the hijackers demanded that FBI agents dressed only in bathing suits deliver $ 1 million ransom to the plane . They wanted to be sure the agents were not carrying guns . The money was duly delivered by the scantily clad agents . The hijackers allowed the 88 passengers off but kept the flight crew on board and ordered that the plane fly to Boston . With the addition of an extra navigator  wearing swim trunks and a shirt  , the DC-8 was refueled there and flew on to Algiers . Algeria in the early 1970s was run by a hard-line socialist government that was no friend of the United States and allowed various dissidents , militants and alleged terrorists to take sanctuary there . A leading member of the Black Panthers , Eldridge Cleaver , had been welcomed as a political refugee there in 1968 after jumping bail in California . The Algerian government confiscated and returned the $ 1 million in ransom money to the U.S. , but Wright and his associates melted away . Some of the hijackers were arrested in Paris in 1976 , but for decades , there was no trace of Wright . Then , nine years ago , a fugitive investigator with the New Jersey Department of Corrections working with the U.S. Marshals Service got a lead . Officials wo n't comment on reports that Wright had begun to contact relatives in the United States . Juan Mattos , U.S. marshal for the District of New Jersey , said : "  Over the course of nine years , their tenacious resolve has proven to be very powerful in seeking justice and closure for the victims . " And in a press release Tuesday , Michael Ward of the FBI 's Newark Division said the case should "  serve notice that the FBI 's determination in pursuing subjects will not diminish over time or distance . " At the time of the hijacking , there was limited screening of passengers at U.S. airports . This screening system did not require every passenger to be examined , only those who met a profile established by the Federal Aviation Administration . After the Algiers flight and several hijackings that turned violent , the Nixon administration instructed the FAA to adopt emergency regulations to improve screening . At the end of 1972 , the FAA ordered airports to ensure that all passengers and their carry-on baggage be inspected before boarding .	George Wright , 68 , arrested Monday in Portuguese resort town He escaped from prison in 1970 and hijacked plane to get to Algeria There was no trace of him for decades afterward Incident prompted screening of passengers , carry-on bags at airports
CNN  -- Roger Federer remained on course to complete a career golden grand slam after brushing aside John Isner of the United States in the quarterfinals Thursday . Federer , desperate to add Olympic singles gold to his 17 grand slam titles , struggled to cope with the giant Isner 's service but still emerged as a 6-4 7-6 winner on Centre Court . A break in the 10th game of the first set gave the Swiss maestro the early advantage , but he was pushed all the way in the second . It went to a tiebreak where a fortuitous net cord for Federer gave the 17-time grand slam champion his passage to the last four . He will now face Juan Martin del Potro of Argentina after the former U.S. Open champion beat Japan 's Kei Nishikori 6-4 7-6 . Only Andre Agassi and Rafael Nadal have achieved the feat of claiming a full set of grand slam titles and backed it it with Olympic gold in the singles . Federer beat Britain 's Andy Murray to win the Wimbledon crown last month and return to top spot in the world rankings . They could be set to meet again after Murray kept home hopes alive with a 6-4 6-1 dismissal of Spain 's Nicolas Almagro in their quarterfinal clash . The Scot , roared on by a partisan home crowd on Centre Court , was never seriously troubled but will have to get past Serbia 's Novak Djokovic to get his chance of golden revenge . Djokovic , who has never lost to Murray in a grand slam , brushed aside Jo-Wilfried Tsonga of France 6-1 7-5 to earn his last four place as he bids for a first Olympic singles gold .	Roger Federer remains on course for career golden slam Wimbledon champion beats John Isner in straight sets in quarterfinals Swiss maestro will play Juan Martin del Potro in last four Andy Murray to face Novak Djokovic in other semifinal
CNN  After the deadly shooting at Charlie Hebdo , the message from one of the most decorated athletes in U.S. sports history -- who is Muslim -- was clear . "  Most Muslims do not become Muslims to indulge in murder and mayhem , " Kareem Abdul-Jabbar , the leading point scorer in NBA history , told CNN 's World Sport on Wednesday . "  It 's not what Islam is about . "  We try to live lives of peace and harmony within ourselves and with our neighbors . " Abdul-Jabbar -- also a best-selling author who was in London promoting a pair of new books including a fictional work about Sherlock Holmes ' brother -- was speaking a week after brothers Said and Cherif Kouachi killed 12 people at the French satirical magazine . French media reported that the gunmen yelled , "  We have avenged the Prophet " while carrying out the attack , referring to the Prophet Mohammed . Amedy Coulibaly , who reportedly had ties to the brothers , killed four hostages at a kosher grocery store two days later . Abdul-Jabbar , in a column for the website of Time magazine last week , said he was looking forward to the day when "  these terrorists praising the Prophet  Mohammed  or Allah 's name as they debase their actual teachings are instantly recognized as thugs disguising themselves as Muslims . " He added to CNN that poverty or lack of opportunities in education are factors in people committing such acts . "  They become radicalized by the lack of opportunity and anything in their future that has any promise , " he said . "  They embrace violence . They try to use religion as something to justify that . But nothing justifies that . " As someone who was in the public eye through sports , Abdul-Jabbar feels sports can play a role in bringing people from different backgrounds together . "  Sport absolutely plays a part in that , " he said . "  When you spend all of your time trying to develop the talent for a sport and you see people doing the same thing from a different culture and you have the same interests , there 's common ground there . "  And you can go from that to find more common ground . I think sport has gone a great way to doing that . Look at the U.S.-China relationship -- ping-pong was the thing that opened the door . A sporting event . " But Abdul-Jabbar also said it was down to the media to understand Islam better . "  I 'd just like to see a better understanding by the media as to what Islam is all about as opposed to what the terrorists say it 's about , " he continued . "  I think that is the key issue here . Once those things get cleared up , I think we can make some progress . "	Kareem Abdul-Jabbar says "  most Muslims do not become Muslims to indulge in murder and mayhem " His words come after last week 's Charlie Hebdo attack and hostage crisis in Paris Sports can play a role in bridging the gap between people , says Abdul-Jabbar
CNN  -- Six months ago , Malala Yousafzai was lying in a hospital bed , recovering from a Taliban attack in which she was shot point-blank in the head and neck . The shooting was meant to silence , once and for all , the outspoken Pakistani teenager who had dared to defy the Taliban 's ban against girls in school . But it backfired : Instead of silencing the 15-year-old , the attack only made her voice more powerful . Malala 's story has raised global awareness of girls ' education , a cause she has championed for years . And now that she 's out of the hospital and back in school , she is determined to keep fighting for equality . She will be speaking at the United Nations this summer , and her memoir is set to be published later this year . "  God has given me this new life , " she said in February , her first public statement since the shooting . "  I want to serve the people . I want every girl , every child , to be educated . " Worldwide , there are 66 million girls out of school , according to UNESCO -- many more than boys , who do n't have to face the same discrimination and obstacles that girls do in some countries . After hearing of Malala 's shooting , however , more people have become aware of the disparity and joined her fight . Three million people across the world signed the "  I am Malala " petition to demand universal girls ' education . World leaders and celebrities such as Madonna and Angelina Jolie have voiced their support and helped raise money for the cause . And in Pakistan , there have been rallies and calls for change . "  It seems that Malala 's courage has awoken Pakistan 's silent majority who are no longer prepared to tolerate the threats and intimidations of the Pakistan Taliban , " said former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown , a U.N. special envoy for global education . Malala 's crusade started years before the shooting , when she started writing a blog for the BBC about life in Pakistan 's conservative Swat Valley . Her father , Ziauddin , continued to operated a school there despite a Taliban edict that girls in the region are banned from getting an education . In her blog , Malala talked openly about the challenges and fears and threats her family faced . At first , she wrote anonymously , but she eventually became a public figure , giving on-camera interviews with CNN and other news outlets . "  I have the right of education , " she said in a 2011 interview with CNN . "  I have the right to play . I have the right to sing . I have the right to talk . I have the right to go to market . I have the right to speak up . " The media attention drew the ire of the Taliban , which says it was behind Malala 's shooting in October . She was riding home in a van with some of her schoolmates when masked men stopped the vehicle and demanded to know which one of them was Malala . When Malala was identified , the men opened fire on her and two other girls , both of whom also survived their injuries . "  We do not tolerate people like Malala speaking against us , " a Taliban spokesman said after the shooting . Malala was critically injured in the attack , but she suffered no permanent brain injuries . She underwent several successful surgeries in Pakistan and the United Kingdom , where she now lives after her father was given a job with the Pakistani Consulate . In March , she went back to school for the first time since the attack , attending an all-girls high school in Birmingham , England . And while she recovers from her injuries , she is continuing to raise awareness and money for education . Last month , she announced a $ 45,000 grant to a fund that was set up in her name -- and the first to benefit will be girls from the Swat Valley . "  We are going to educate 40 girls , and I invite all of you to support the Malala Fund , " Malala said in a video that was played at the Women in the World summit in New York . "  Let us turn the education of 40 girls into 40 million girls . " Jolie , a U.N. special envoy , will be donating $ 200,000 to the Malala Fund , according to Women in the World . The fund was set up by the Vital Voices Global Partnership , a nongovernmental organization founded in 1997 by Hillary Clinton . "  In parts of the Indian subcontinent , Afghanistan and Africa , intimidation and violence are the daily reality of life for many girls who want to go to school and the many educators who want to teach them , " Brown wrote in a recent op-ed for CNN.com . "  Even today , five months after Malala 's shooting in the Swat Valley , her school friends remain in fear of violence simply for attempting to return to school . " On July 12 , her 16th birthday , Malala will speak to the United Nations about the issue . Since her shooting , she has become the face of girls ' education , a global symbol . She has been nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize , and last year she was selected as a runner-up for Time magazine 's Person of the Year . "  She is the daughter of the whole world , " her father told CNN . "  The world owns her . " More : Girl Rising CNN 's Ashley Fantz , Jason Hanna , Shaan Khan and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	Malala Yousafzai , 15 , has become a global symbol for girls ' education worldwide She was shot in October by the Pakistan Taliban , which she defied by going to school But instead of silencing Malala , the shooting has only served to strengthen her voice She is now attending school in the UK ; in July , she will speak at the United Nations
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sen. Chuck Hagel , a leading Republican voice on international affairs and an outspoken critic of the war in Iraq , wo n't endorse either major-party presidential candidate in 2008 , a spokesman said Tuesday . Sen. Chuck Hagel of Nebraska is leaving office after his current term . The announcement came just hours after a former GOP congressman suggested Hagel as a possible running mate for Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama , one of Hagel 's Senate colleagues . "  Sen. Hagel has no intention of getting involved in any of the campaigns , and is not planning to endorse either candidate , " Hagel spokesman Jordan Stark said . The two-term senator from Nebraska is leaving office after his current term and will be overseas on official business during this year 's party conventions , Stark said . Hagel is a longtime friend of Sen. John McCain , the presumptive GOP presidential nominee , and briefly mulled a 2008 presidential bid of his own . But he has butted heads with McCain and other leading Republicans over the war in Iraq and sharply criticized McCain 's campaign in July for its attacks on Obama . Tuesday , after endorsing Obama , former Rep. Jim Leach of Iowa , a Republican , said he hoped the Illinois senator would consider Hagel as his running mate or for "  a serious position in an Obama administration . " CNN 's Alexander Mooney and Victoria Riess contributed to this report .	Statement comes after ex-congressman suggests Hagel as Obama running mate Sen. Hagel , a Republican , has disagreed with friend John McCain about Iraq war Hagel has criticized McCain 's campaign for its attacks on Obama
Washington  CNN  -- It 's Christmas in 1787 at Mount Vernon , George Washington 's stately home in Alexandria , Virginia . Holidays in the 18th century were usually pretty low key , according to Dean Norton , director of Horticulture at the first president 's estate . "  It was just all a matter of family being together to enjoy good food , good drink , good family time . And certainly when you add a camel to the mix , it adds a little bit of specialness to the whole atmosphere , " he said . A camel ? According to Washington 's ledger , he paid 18 schillings , a pretty hefty amount for that time , to "  the man who brot . A Camel from Alex. for a show " on December 29 , 1787 . Historians know that Washington paid to see exotic and rare animals throughout his life including a lioness and a tiger . "  During his presidency , he paid to see a cougar , a sea leopard , which is kind of like a sea lion , an elephant , and three dollars to see a very smart dog who apparently could beat anybody at this particular card game , " according to Norton . He spent the equivalent of $ 1.75 to see the elephant during his presidency and was so impressed that several months later he went back with the whole family . But as to the reason he brought a camel to Mount Vernon that Christmas , no one really knows . It 's possible that he heard that the camel was being shown in Alexandria and he asked if the owner or handler would bring it to Mount Vernon . At the time , entrepreneurs would acquire rare or exotic animals and travel around with them charging the populace to see the animal . Then again , the camel 's owner or handler may have found out that George Washington lived down the road and may have visited Mount Vernon hoping that the ex-president would pay to see the camel . Regardless , it was n't cheap . "  If I were the gardener at that time in 1787 , I would have been making 20 pounds a year , so it would have come out to about 400 schillings , so it would be half a weeks salary for me for me to pay to see a camel and I certainly would n't do that today , " said Norton . Mt. Vernon historians estimate that Washington paid enough for 24 adults , or 48 children to see the camel at the going rates for that time . Today , in honor of that Christmas in 1787 , visitors to Mt. Vernon during the Christmas season can see and pet a dromedary , or a one humped camel , named Aladdin .	Washington paid paid 18 schillings , a pretty hefty amount , for a man to bring a camel to Mount Vernon Washington paid to see exotic and rare animals throughout his life The sum was enough for 24 adults or 48 children to see the camel
Washington  CNN  -- A new book about former Sen. John Edwards paints him as a cold , calculating and reckless politician willing to deny fathering a daughter , risking his marriage and putting the Democratic Party in potential political jeopardy -- all in the name of trying to win the presidency . In "  The Politician , " former Edwards ' aide Andrew Young details his efforts to conceal an ongoing extra-marital affair and the birth of a child out-of-wedlock . "  The Politician " went on sale Saturday . Young described an elaborate plan that allowed Edwards to maintain a mistress while he sought the Democratic presidential nomination in 2008 . The plan was funded by two wealthy benefactors , the late trial lawyer Fred Baron and banking heir widow Bunny Mellon , but Mellon was unaware that her money was being used for the mistress . A federal grand jury is investigating payments the former senator 's campaign and supporters made to Rielle Hunter , who was a videographer as Edwards was preparing a bid for 2008 White House run . In the book , Young writes that "  the prosecutors pressed me for exact information about checks that were written , the way the money was used and the timing of events . They wanted names , dates , and amounts in very specific terms . " Young , who portrays himself as a one-time idealistic loyal aide , said he was the point person in arranging rendezvous for Edwards and Hunter and helped to keep the affair a secret . And when Edwards impregnated Hunter , Young said he agreed to the senator 's request to lie and say he was the father even though Young , himself , was married with three children . Young said he told his wife about agreeing to Edwards ' request as the couple drove through a McDonald 's drive through to pick up food for their son . "  After I finally got to holler for Chicken McNuggets with chocolate milk and the right toy , I turned to Cheri and in the time it took us to reach window number one  where you give them the money  , I said , ` Edwards wants me to say I 'm the father of Rielle 's baby , and then Fred 's gon na fly us off to someplace where we can all hide , ' " Young said . His wife , Young recounted , was dumbfounded . "  Are you out of your mind ? Why would you even tell me about this ? Why did n't you just say no ? " Young said Hunter was also initially against the idea but warmed up to it after being told her financial needs would be met . His wife , Cheri , eventually agreed to the plan , setting in motion a chaotic time for the family as they uprooted their lives in North Carolina and criss-crossed the country with Hunter and their children in an effort to evade the media . Edwards denied that he was the girl 's father for more than a year , saying the affair was over before Hunter became pregnant . Last week , he acknowledged paternity . "  I am Quinn 's father , " Edwards said in a statement . "  I have been able to spend time with her during the past year and trust that future efforts to show her the love and affection she deserves can be done privately and in peace . " John Edwards and his wife , Elizabeth , have legally separated . On Friday , John Edwards ' lawyers released a statement saying that early reports about the book indicate there are problems with Young 's account . "  While we have not had an opportunity to view the interview or read the book , we urge extreme caution by everyone involved , " his attorneys wrote . "  From media reports , it is obvious that there are many allegations which are simply false . It appears that Andrew Young is primarily motivated by financial gain and media attention . " Earlier in the week , Elizabeth Edwards also challenged accusations Young made in the book regarding her cancer and the couple 's children . "  Elizabeth is moving on with her life and wants to put this difficult chapter behind her , " her publisher Random House said in a statement . "  It was an excrutiatingly  sic  painful period for her and she  has  no interest in rehashing the past . Based on the limited portions of the book that have been made available , it is clear it contains many falsehoods and exaggerations . "  She will not engage in a dialogue on each of the false charges , but would like to set the record straight on two key points . First , the allegation that she sought to politicize her cancer is unconscionable , hurtful and patently false . "  Second , she believed Andrew Young to be the father of this child until her husband confessed his paternity  sic  to her this past summer . She will have nothing further to say . " In the book , Young accuses Elizabeth Edwards of engaging in a smear campaign to undermine his credibility . Young said it was n't until John Edwards privately expressed indifference about the birth of his daughter , Frances Quinn Hunter , in February 2008 , that he realized the former senator cared only about himself . "  After watching and hearing John Edwards practice a thousand little deceptions and tell a thousand different lies , ostensibly in the service of some greater good , I finally recognized that he did n't care about anyone other than himself , " Young writes . "  A precious living , breathing human being -- his daughter -- had come into the world , and he was n't inclined to even call the woman who had given birth to her . Instead , I had to prompt him to do the right thing , to do the most basic , human thing . "  My faith in him died almost instantly , and I felt both ashamed of my navet and very afraid for the future of my family . " Young also writes that :  He has a sex tape of Edwards in his possession showing the senator with a "  naked pregnant woman " that Young says is Hunter . Young said he found the damaged tape in "  a box of trash that Rielle had left behind after she stayed with us for a few weeks " in the Raleigh , North Carolina , home his family was renting . Young writes that even though the woman 's face is obscured "  it was safe to assume it was Rielle . "  Despite Edwards ' carefully crafted image as a champion for everyday people , he was "  irritated by ordinary events . He especially hated making appearances at state fairs , where ` fat rednecks try to shove food down my face . I know I 'm the people 's senator , but do I have to hang out with them ? ' "  Edwards understood his audience and before appearing at a Service Employees International Union health care event in Las Vegas , Nevada , he instructed Young to take his Italian suit coat to a tailor to remove the label indicating it was Italian-made . In its place , Edwards had the tailor sew in a "  Made in the USA " label that had been on Young 's jacket .  When Edwards was not on the Atkins diet , he "  loved Cracker Barrel " restaurants as well as ribs .  Edwards thought that 2004 Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry "  just was n't all that smart . " Kerry , a senator from Massachusetts , would later pick Edwards to be his vice presidential running mate .	Andrew Young writes he arranged rendezvous for John Edwards , Rielle Hunter Edwards denied he fathered a child with Hunter for more than a year John Edwards , Elizabeth Edwards have separated , contest accounts in the book Federal grand jury investigating payments made to Hunter
Irbil , Iraq  CNN  After hours of heavy fighting , Kurdish fighters in Iraq have repelled an assault by ISIS fighters southwest of Irbil , Kurdish officials said . Kurdish commanders say ISIS fighters had threatened to overrun Kurdish defensive positions in the area for a while , and the two sides were so close that airstrikes were not possible . But by 3 a.m. local time Wednesday , the Peshmerga had succeeded in forcing ISIS back , allowing airstrikes to begin . The commanders said about 40 ISIS fighters were killed , and Kurdish forces suffered several casualties . They said airstrikes contributed to the ISIS deaths . ISIS launched the major assault from several directions Tuesday night near the towns of Gwer and Makhmour . The towns are about 45 kilometers  28 miles  from Irbil , the Kurdish capital . A CNN team was in the area less than two weeks ago and was told by fighters at the front that ISIS was making almost daily attempts to infiltrate through Kurdish lines , which are strung out along a stretch of the River Zab . Fortifications are few and far between . Volunteer fighters have very little in the way of weaponry . In January , nearly 30 Peshmerga fighters were killed in the area by a surprise ISIS attack across the river . Kurdish fighters battle equipment woes as well as ISIS in northern Iraq Kurdish officials said they were concerned ISIS fighters would break through their lines . Had that happened , there would be little standing between ISIS and the Kurdish capital . Tuesday 's attacks were likely aimed at drawing the already stretched Kurdish forces in many different directions to relieve the pressure on Mosul , which ISIS seized in June . Kurdish forces recently have been trying to surround Mosul to cut off ISIS ' lines of supply from Syria , setting up what could be an eventual assault to try to expel the terror group from the city . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Kurdish commanders say about 40 ISIS fighters were killed Fighting raged for hours between ISIS and Kurdish fighters near Irbil , Iraq
The Hollywood Reporter  Andrew Lesnie , the Oscar-winning cinematographer who spent more than a decade collaborating with director Peter Jackson on the six "  Lord of the Rings "  and "  Hobbit " films , has died . He was 59 . The Sydney native , who also worked with New Zealander Jackson on the remake of "  King Kong "  2005  and "  The Lovely Bones "  2009  , suffered a heart attack Monday . Said a spokesman from the Australian Cinematographers Society : "  We have been advised of the sudden death of Andrew , " adding that his family would provide an official statement later . Known for balancing technology with artistic considerations , Lesnie also shot "  Rise of the Planet of the Apes "  2011  , directed by Rupert Wyatt . The cinematographer recently polished off The Water Diviner , the directorial debut of Russell Crowe , another New Zealand native . That movie opened Friday in U.S. theaters . Said Crowe on Twitter : "  Devastating news from home . The master of the light , genius Andrew Lesnie has passed on . " Lesnie won his Oscar for his work on the first of the fabled "  Lord of the Rings " trilogy , "  The Fellowship of the Ring "  2001  . His knack for getting the right feel of author J.R.R. Tolkien 's most foreboding locales was remarkable . For the inaugural "  Lord of the Rings " film , Jackson reached out to Lesnie after seeing his work on "  Babe "  1995  and its 1998 sequel . Those Australian films , revolving around a pig and other animals , featured impressive visual effects and proved to be big hits at the worldwide box office . "  I 'd never worked with him or even met him before , but he 'd shot the Babe films and I thought they looked amazing , the way he 'd used backlight and the sun and natural light to create a very magical effect , " Jackson said in a 2004 interview . "  And Babe had that larger-than-life feel about it that I wanted . "  So when we began looking for DPs in early 1999 , I first decided to get either an Australian or New Zealand DP , as they 'd be used to the way we make films , " Jackson continued . "  Every country is slightly different in that way , and I immediately thought of Andrew . " Lesnie 's impressive body of work also includes the post-apocalyptic science fiction film "  I Am Legend "  2007  , directed by Francis Lawrence and starring Will Smith ; "  The Last Airbender "  2010  , from M. Night Shyamalan ; and Healing  2014  , helmed by Craig Monahan . He was inducted into the Australian Cinematographers Society Hall of Fame in 2002 . Lesnie studied film and television at TAFE  a provider of vocational education  and at the Australian Film , Television and Radio School before joining the Australian Broadcasting Corp. as a camera assistant . He honed his craft on low-budget short films and music videos and assisted on documentaries , features and commercials . He then spent several months on "  Wonder World , " a children 's afternoon magazine-style show . People we 've lost in 2015  2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	Oscar-winning cinematographer Andrew Lesnie has died He is best known for "  Lord of the Rings , " "  The Hobbit " and "  Babe "
A mob , wielding baseball bats , broken bottles and knives , swarms a Paris synagogue . Violence erupts at a pro-Israel rally in Los Angeles after a demonstrator reportedly stomps on a Palestinian flag . Phone calls and text messages threaten a Palestinian-American who organized a protest in Atlanta . A trending Twitter hashtag says Hitler was right . As missiles and rockets fly in the Middle East , tensions are boiling over around the world between activists at demonstrations on both sides of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . Plenty of protests have been peaceful , but not all of them . On Monday , the Anti-Defamation League warned Jewish institutions to step up security in light of violence and anti-Semitic expressions at what it described as anti-Israel rallies across the United States and around the world . An ADL website tracking recent protests listed events in New York ; Washington ; Dallas ; Portland ; and Tempe , Arizona . "  The tenor at some of the anti-Israel rallies has been extreme , " the ADL said , "  with protesters chanting ` Death to Israel ' and other hateful messages and slogans . " In France , where anti-Semitism has flared up in recent years , some warn that hostilities have entered a different realm . "  The level of danger is very new , " said Serge Benhaim , who was trapped for hours inside a Paris synagogue on Sunday . "  Today and tomorrow for the Jewish people in France is fully different from what it was yesterday . " In the United States , too , Aysha Abdullatif says she 's sensed something is changing . After organizing a pro-Palestinian protest in Atlanta this month , Abdullatif said she started getting threatening phone calls , text messages and social media posts accusing her of supporting terrorism . It 's the first time she 's felt personally targeted after years of activism . "  People are getting really fanatical . ... I 've never seen it get this ugly , " Abdullatif said . How did this happen ? Iraq , Syria , Gaza and Libya all in flames ` It looked like a war ' A 17-year-old Jewish girl reported that she was grabbed by the jaw and pepper-sprayed in the face on a Paris street the day Israel launched its latest operation in Gaza . She told police her attacker called her a "  Dirty Jew , " and said , "  Insha'Allah , you will die , " according to the National Bureau of Vigilance against Anti-Semitism , a French watchdog organization . A local chapter of the Jewish Defense League , a far-right Jewish group , bragged on social media the next day about fighting with anti-Israel demonstrators . "  We were 30 facing 200 supporters of Hamas . And yet all will remember our visit ... especially the 6 wounded on their side , " the group posted on Twitter . A French watchdog organization , meantime , has since reported telephone death threats against Jewish merchants . Synagogue-goers in the Belleville neighborhood of Paris were recently greeted by demonstrators who screamed "  Death to the Jews , " and a firebomb was tossed at the entrance of another synagogue in the northeastern suburb of Aulnay-sous-Bois , the National Bureau of Vigilance against Anti-Semitism reported . And then , on Sunday evening , a perfect storm brewed . Just as a community gathered in Paris ' Don Isaac Abravanel Synagogue to pray for peace , thousands of demonstrators marching in support of Palestinians finished up nearby , Benhaim , the synagogue 's president , said . A fraction of those demonstrators broke off with other plans . Aline Le Bail-Kremer , 36 , lives across the street from the synagogue and said she saw -- and heard -- them coming . "  From my windows , I saw two groups  around 100 persons  , from the two sides of the street , converging -LSB- at -RSB- the synagogue , " she wrote in an e-mail to CNN late Monday . They carried baseball bats , she said . They threw chairs and tables , taken from nearby cafes , and headed toward the entrance gate . And then , she said she heard them scream , "  Death to the Jews . " From inside , where he 'd gathered with about 400 others , Benhaim said he saw men outside brandishing broken bottles and knives . The synagogue president , who CNN spoke to Monday night , also said he heard cries of "  Jews to the oven " and "  Allahu akbar ! " A small band of security guards managed to block entry , Benhaim said . Young Jews , some affiliated with the Jewish Defense League , also stepped into the fray -- spewing their own vitriol , Le Bail-Kremer said . The Jewish Telegraphic Agency , a wire service for global Jewish news , reported that "  at least three Jews were taken to the hospital as a result of the clashes . " This chaos went on for about 40 minutes , Le Bail-Kremer said , before police arrived in droves . "  The scene was very violent , with terrifying and anti-Semitic slogans , " said Le Bail-Kremer , who happens to be involved with SOS Racisme , a French anti-racism organization . "  I was very , very anxious and shocked . It looked like a war . " Trying to ` turn the other cheek ' As she stepped forward to make closing remarks at a pro-Gaza demonstration she organized over the weekend in Atlanta , Abdullatif said she saw the crowd turn the other way . Across the street , she said , there were two men with Israeli flags who discharged pepper spray toward the crowd . "  I kept telling everybody , just keep your backs facing them , do n't give them any attention , " said Abdullatif , a Palestinian-American who helped found the Atlanta-based Movement to End Israeli Apartheid-Georgia . But on the fringes of the crowd , she said , pro-Palestinian demonstrators started shouting back . "  I said , ` Stop talking to them . This is only fueling a lot of this . Ignore them . Turn the other cheek , ' " she said . "  But easier said than done . " Eventually , things simmered down , but hours after the protest , Abdullatif said her phone rang with a surprising message . A man on the other end , she said , threatened to report her to the Georgia Bureau of Investigation , accusing her of aiding terrorism . He said he was happy about recent bombings in Gaza , "  that everybody deserves to be killed , and that I should be careful , my name is out there , " Abdullatif said . Abdullatif told him that she did nothing wrong . But she said the conversation , which was followed by days of text messages and Facebook posts in the same vein , rattled her . "  I 've never seen an opposing side go to that extreme , " she said . What if they found where she lived or targeted her family ? "  My biggest concern is if we have another demonstration , I do n't want anything like this to happen , " Abdullatif said . "  This is the exact stuff we 're protesting against . I do n't want to be connected to people fighting people over anything . " But that does n't mean she 'll stop speaking out . She sent photos of the weekend protest to her uncle in Gaza City , whose neighborhood was recently destroyed in a bombing . She hopes the photos will let him know that the world is watching . "  It 's just such a sad situation . It 's 2014 . We should have figured out by now that barbaric acts of violence do n't accomplish anything from any side of it , " she said . "  We live in a modern society . We know that this is never a way to create a solution . " ' I saw my flag on the ground ' On Sunday , a peaceful pro-Israel rally in Los Angeles turned ugly after demonstrators came face-to-face with counterprotesters in a pickup who were waving Palestinian flags . What exactly happened , however , depends on who you ask . Four people were arrested on suspicion of assault with a deadly weapon , accused of driving up to the protest in a truck and hitting pro-Israel demonstrators with handheld flagpoles , CNN affiliate KTLA reported , citing police . This , however , came after a demonstrator reportedly snatched one of the Palestinian flags from the truck and stomped on it . "  I saw my flag on the ground , " Hany Reai , a Palestinian supporter , told CNN affiliate KCAL , "  and I saw a man step on it . I 'm not here to fight . I just need my flag , and I ran to take it . " But one witness told the Los Angeles Times the clashes were deliberately provoked by the men in the truck with Palestinian flags . "  They were looking for a fight , " Judy Friedman told the newspaper . They were "  taunting and threatening " people , thrusting their sticks toward demonstrators on the sidewalk . A video purportedly recorded by a student at the protest and published on the website of the Jewish Journal of Greater Los Angeles shows insults flying in both directions . The Federal Protective Service called for an ambulance to treat a woman allegedly hurt by the men , who were later picked up and booked on suspicion of assault with a deadly weapon . They 've since been released on bail , deny the charges and say they were "  falsely arrested , " the Los Angeles Times reported . And as if this ruckus was n't already heated enough , as the pickup drove off , an officer with FPS -- who was trying to stop the men from leaving -- fired his weapon . No one was hurt . That officer has been placed on paid administrative leave while the incident is investigated , officials said . From clicks to clashes As the rocket attacks from Gaza and Israeli airstrikes show no signs of slowing , hostilities are flaring online as much as they are in the streets . Over the weekend , #HitlerWasRight trended on Twitter , part of what the ADL described as an "  online outpouring of anti-Semitism . " The group said Wednesday that a surge in Hitler-related hashtags might be fueling hatred at rallies as well . Anti-Arab statements have also run rampant online . A now-discontinued Facebook page called "  The People of Israel Demand Vengance , " racked up thousands of likes earlier this month , the Times of Israel reported . On the page , according to the newspaper , users posted photos with captions like "  death to the whole Arab nation " and "  Hating Arabs is not racism ; it 's morality . "	While missiles fly in Mideast , tensions soar outside the region Hatred , even violence , erupts at demonstrations in France and United States People on both sides of the issue talk of death threats The battle is also being waged in venomous words on social media
CNN Student News  -- November 9 , 2012 Media Literacy Question of the Day What must journalists consider when reporting on accusations of wrongdoing ? * * Know Your News -- The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . Click here for a PDF version of this Newsquiz . 1 . Following Tuesday 's U.S. elections , what political party was projected to stay in control of the Senate ? * * 2 . Following Tuesday 's U.S. elections , what political party was projected to stay in control of the House ? * * 3 . What holiday was once known as Armistice Day ? * * 4 . Xi Jinping is expected to become the next president of what country ? * * 5 . How long is one term for a member of the U.S. House of Representatives ? * * 6 . How long is one term for a member of the U.S. Senate ? * * 7 . In what U.S. state do two towns start voting at midnight , the earliest Election Day polling time ? * * 8 . What Asian country continues to clean up debris from a March 2011 earthquake and tsunami ? * * 9 . What term describes the type of winter storm that commonly strikes the northeastern U.S. ? * * 10 . What U.S. Founding Father suggested getting up earlier in order to use fewer candles -- a kind of daylight-saving time ? * *	Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News Write your answers in the space provided Today 's Newsquiz includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
CNN  -- The last time you flew , did you wonder what 's really going on behind that closed cockpit door ? Who 's actually flying the plane ? Is it a human being , or Capt. Autopilot ? Based on its record , America leads the commercial airline industry in safety . And for most passengers , that information alone provides all the confidence in the world . But there will always be nervous fliers who need to know : Who are they trusting with their lives , human or machine ? "  There are millions of people out there who are under the impression that the airplane is flying itself and the pilots are only there in case something goes wrong , " says Patrick Smith , a 22-year veteran commercial pilot who blogs about airline issues . This , says Smith , is the big lie . It 's true that airline computers and electronic control systems allow pilots to fly "  hands off " beginning soon after takeoff , continuing through the flight route and -- in very rare cases -- all the way through touchdown . But Smith says that does n't mean the planes fly themselves . One day , Smith was flying as a passenger when that false impression really hit him square in the face . The airliner glided to a particularly smooth landing , and a "  smart Alec " seated a few rows behind Smith shouted , "  Nice job , autopilot ! " "  Everybody around us started cackling , " Smith said . "  While it was funny , it was wrong . And I knew that he meant it . It was frustrating . " Even Capt. Chesley "  Sully " Sullenberger enjoyed the backup of computer autopilot during his famous "  miracle on the Hudson " emergency landing three years ago . Sullenberger was in the pilot 's seat when his Airbus A320 collided with a flock of geese and lost thrust 2,700 feet over Manhattan . Computer-assisted flight systems were active , Sullenberger said , but there was no need for them . "  We never got to the extremes where -LSB- flight control computers -RSB- would have protected us " from pointing the plane 's nose too high , or going too fast or too slow , he told CNN last week . "  We did n't need any of it . " In fact , flight control computers actually hindered the landing , said Sullenberger , who 's now a CBS News aviation and safety consultant . Flight software prevented him from keeping the plane 's nose a little higher during the last four seconds before he ditched US Airways Flight 1549 in the icy Hudson River . "  So we hit harder than we would have , had we been able to keep the nose up , " he said . "  That was a little-known part of the software that no airline operators or pilots knew about . " Of course , most passengers never experience that kind of emergency . During a normal flight , there 's no way to know when your pilots are using computer-programmed automatic flight systems . Smith described what goes on behind the cockpit 's closed door . Hands-on flying has n't disappeared , he said -- it 's just different . For example , setting up and executing an automatic descent has changed . "  In the old days , you had your hand on the wheel and you pushed the nose down and adjusted the power accordingly , " he said . "  Now , you 've got to hold a different set of buttons and dials and switches , but in the end , you 're still doing the same thing -- you 're still flying the plane . " "  None of it is easy , " he said . "  In a lot of ways , it 's more difficult because airplanes are so much more complex now . " Sure , there 's a lot of "  hands-off " time , but there are also many tasks that surround the management of the airplane and its computerized systems . "  You 're utilizing a different skill set . " Some fear that airliner pilots rely too much on autopilot technology , saying that such a reliance leads to lack of practice and infrequent use of manual piloting skills . Experts have suggested this may have been a factor in the mysterious Atlantic crash of Air France Flight 447 from Brazil to Paris , which killed 228 passengers and crew . As technology becomes more and more sophisticated -- and trusted -- an expert at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology says commercial airliners could one day be piloted by remote control . "  We fly many unmanned air vehicles around the world today , mainly for military or small airplane applications , " said R. John Hansman , a professor of aeronautics and astronautics , and head of the Division of Humans and Automation , at MIT . "  At a technical level , there 's no reason why we could n't do that with a commercial airplane . " Far-fetched ? Hansman is n't the only one in the airline community talking about this . At an aeronautical conference last August , James Albaugh , a Boeing president and CEO , announced that a "  pilotless airliner is going to come ; it 's just a question of when . You 'll see it in freighters first , over water probably , landing very close to the shore , " according to IEEE Spectrum magazine . The idea wo n't be widely accepted until at least a couple of generations from now , said Hansman , who 's also a licensed private pilot . But experts are already planning how it might work . There are two basic academic models . In one , pilots would fly airliners by remote control from "  cockpits " on the ground -- just as pilots currently fly Predator military drones over Afghanistan and along the U.S.-Mexican border . "  There 's another model where you might have a flight attendant sufficiently trained , " said Hansman , to act as a backup pilot on automated or remote-controlled airliners . Yes , you read that right . There 's an idea out there to have backup pilots who also serve passengers peanuts and tomato juice . "  There are people who discuss that , " Hansman said . "  I do n't know if that 's particularly realistic . " Frustration is the word Smith uses to describe this kind of talk from "  aerospace academics , researchers , professors , consultants and other smart people who often have a very limited grasp of the day-to-day operational realities of commercial flying . " That 's not to sound arrogant , Smith said , "  but it 's a theoretical discussion for researchers and scientists , and it 's not anything with any practical application at this point . " "  It 's wrong on so many levels that it 's hard to get my arms around it and explain , " he said with exasperation . "  And for what ? You 'd still need human beings to operate these planes remotely . Thus , I 'm not sure what the benefit of this would be in terms of cost . " Cost might actually be an argument against it . Building necessary infrastructure would cost hundreds of billions of dollars , Smith said . It 's like saying we should get rid of surgeons in the operating room because of advances in medical technology , he said . "  I think there 's something about flying that brings out this remote-control fantasy in people , " said Smith . "  I do n't exactly know where it comes from . " As MIT 's Hansman explained it , pilotless airliners would simply be the end result of the current evolution of flight deck staffing . Here 's what he means : Improved technology has contributed to shrinking cockpit staff . According to Hansman , before the Boeing 757 began service in the 1980s , most large airliners had a standard flight deck staff of three . They were the pilot , co-pilot and a flight engineer who managed pressurization , heating , fuel and pneumatic systems . Then , Hansman said , "  those systems became automated , and the standard flight deck crew went from three to two . " Going from two to one pilot would be a difficult threshold for the airline community to cross . Two onboard pilots allow for a safety net -- a redundancy , he said -- to ensure sound judgment calls and to protect against possible incapacitation of the pilot -- for example in case of sickness or an accident . But going from two to zero is another thing altogether . "  It 's not clear that anybody would want to ride on an airplane that does n't have a crew on board , " Hansman said . Would Hansman ? No . "  Not at this point , " he said . No matter how trustworthy the technology becomes , Hansman said remote-controlled airliners will never become reality without widespread public acceptance . But he does n't rule out that possibility . "  You have to remember , nobody thinks twice about getting onto an automated train , for example , at the airport . " This is n't all conjecture , though . To be sure , unmanned aircraft are coming soon to airspace near you . In fact , it may not be long before you see remote-controlled drones flying over your neighborhood . The Federal Aviation Administration plans to begin flight testing and writing rules aimed at integrating unmanned aircraft into the national airspace system as soon as 2015 . Some of these might include flying drones with sophisticated cameras like the Draganflyer , which can be used for police search and rescue , or unmanned crop-dusters . By 2018 , the nation 's unmanned aircraft could number more than 15,500 , according to industry projections . Aerospace contractor Northrop Grumman is developing an unmanned combat jet the size of a fighter plane . If successful , the X-47B would claim two firsts for an unmanned jet : in-flight fueling capability , and launch and landing aboard Navy aircraft carriers . For Sullenberger -- perhaps the nation 's most famous pilot -- the idea of remote-controlled airliners triggers a lot of critical questions . He speculated about what might have happened to Flight 1549 after it collided with the geese if the plane had been controlled by a remote pilot . "  What if the geese damaged whatever forward viewing devices there were -- such as cameras or infrared or radar ? What if the damage prevented the operator from seeing the river ? Or seeing the plane 's height above the river ? " How would the operator be able to land the plane safely ? "  On every airplane I 've ever flown , I tend to use the technology to its full capabilities when it 's appropriate , " Sullenberger said . "  But looking as far into the future as I can see , every airplane -- no matter how sophisticated -- really needs to be flown , and flown very well , by a human pilot . "	Autopilot myths confuse passengers about pilot control , expert says Veteran airline pilot : Planes do n't fly themselves Capt. Chesley Sullenberger : Autopilot slightly hindered emergency Hudson River landing Aviation/human automation expert : Remote-control airliners may be 2 generations away
CNN  -- Some had been in their homes for 50 years with never a lick of water damage . Now those homes are , essentially , gone . That 's the case in parts of upstate New York , where powerful bursts of rain falling in already saturated areas swelled rivers , caused waters to cascade from hills and contributed to sudden floods that "  just destroyed and demolished  homes  in a matter of minutes , just out of the blue , " Gov. Andrew Cuomo said Saturday . The good news , according to the governor ? "  We think the worst is behind us -- for now . " The reasons are that , by Saturday evening , rivers around the area had already crested , meaning the flooding threat from them should not get any worse immediately . And the weather , thankfully , is cooperating for the time being . While showers and thunderstorms are possible Sunday in places like Schenectady , even that would be a far cry from what happened earlier this week . Still , the last few days are a not-so-subtle reminder that things can change quick : The National Weather Service forecasts a chance of heavy rain from Sunday night through Tuesday . One woman is unaccounted for in Fort Plain , a village along the Mohawk River and the New York State Thruway about 55 miles west of Albany , that village 's police Chief Robert A. Thomas III told CNN . Officers , then trying to get everyone in the area to safety , saw Ethel Healey before her home was washed away by rapidly rising waters , Thomas said . Helicopters and K9 units were used to look for her through Friday night , after which authorities moved from search and recovery to a recovery mission , according to the police chief . States of emergency were in effect Saturday for 15 counties -- affecting cities from Binghamton near the Pennsylvania border north to Plattsburgh , which is close to Canada . Several hundred people had been evacuated in Herkimer , Mohawk , Ilion and Little Falls , and 56 shelters were operational Saturday around the state . Authorities did not give estimates Saturday as to how many structures had been damaged , or how bad , in the flooding . Cuomo , who has toured some of the hard-hit areas , said that "  dealing with the damage " will be a chief focus now . What is abundantly clear is that many people are hurting , the governor said before vowing , "  We are here , and we will do everything possible to help . " "  It 's traumatic , to say the least , to see your whole life turned upside down literally in a matter of minutes , " Cuomo said . CNN 's John Branch contributed to this report .	States of emergency are in effect in 15 counties throughout New York 1 woman is unaccounted for ; authorities have switched to a recovery mission , police say Governor : With better forecast , lower river levels , "  We think the worst is behind us "
The U.S. Department of Education is legally prohibited from having any control over curriculum or instruction in the nation 's public schools , but nonetheless Secretary of Education Arne Duncan is a zealous advocate of the new Common Core standards for students ' proficiency in English and math . First , he said their critics were members of extremist groups , and he recently assailed the parents who criticize them as "  white suburban moms who -- all of a sudden -- their child is n't as brilliant as they thought they were , and their school is n't quite as good as they thought they were . " His remarks were prompted by the nearly unanimous outrage expressed by parents -- moms and dads -- at public forums in suburban districts in New York , following the release of the abysmal results of the new Common Core tests . The parents were n't angry because they found out their child was n't brilliant , but because most were told by the state that their children were failures . Only 31 % of the state 's students in grades third through eighth passed or exceeded the new tests . Among students who are English-language learners , only 3 % passed the English standards ; among students with disabilities , only 5 % passed them ; among black and Hispanic students , fewer than 20 % passed . The numbers for math were better , but not by much . The high failure rate did not happen because the students are dumb , but because the state chose to set an unrealistic passing mark . The state commissioner knew before any student had taken the test that only 30 % or so would pass ; that is where the state commissioner set the passing mark . Duncan likes to boast that the Common Core standards were adopted by 45 states , but neglects to mention that the states were required to adopt "  college-and-career-ready standards " to be eligible for $ 4.35 billion in the education secretary 's signature program called Race to the Top . Some states adopted them without seeing a finished draft . The standards , unfortunately , were never field-tested . No one knew in advance whether they would improve achievement or depress it , whether they would widen or narrow the achievement gap among children of different races . It is hard to imagine a major corporation releasing a new product nationwide without first testing it among consumers to see if it is successful . But that is what happened with the Common Core standards . Experts in early childhood education say the standards for young children are developmentally inappropriate . Teachers say that they have not had the training or resources to teach the new standards . Field-testing would have ironed out many of the bugs , but promoters of the standards insisted on fast implementation . No one yet has estimated the costs of shifting from state standards to national standards . Duncan awarded $ 350 million to develop new tests for the new standards , but all of the testing will be done online . Los Angeles intends to spend $ 1 billion on iPads for the Common Core Techology Project , designed to help prepare for the standards . If that is the cost to only one district , how many billions will schools across the nation pay for software and hardware and bandwidth for Common Core testing ? This will be a bonanza for the technology industry , but will put a strain on public school budgets in a time of austerity . The Common Core standards emphasize critical thinking and reasoning . It is time for public officials to demonstrate critical thinking and to stop the rush to implementation and do some serious field-testing . It is time to fix the standards that do n't work in real classrooms with real students . It is time to stop testing students on material they have not been taught . American students take more tests than students in any other nation . Our dependence on standardized testing has become excessive . Standards alone ca n't right everything that needs fixing in American education , and some experts , like Tom Loveless at Brookings Institution , say they will make little or no difference in student achievement . Public officials should listen to the moms and dads . This is a democracy , and it is not the role of public officials to impose their grand ideas without the consent of the governed .	Diane Ravitch : Education department should not push Common Core standards Ravitch : Just 31 % of N.Y. students passed because standards unrealistic Ravitch : Teachers are not prepared to teach them ; parents do n't like them Field-testing should have been done , she says , not fast implementation
CNN  -- Standing just over 2 feet tall , Jyoti Amge of Nagpur , India , was confirmed Friday as the world 's shortest living woman . Guinness World Records , known as the global authority on record-breaking -- albeit odd -- achievements , flew to India on Amge 's 18th birthday to take final measurements and confirm the new record . The title previously belonged to Bridgette Jordan , 22 , of the United States , who measures 2 feet , 3 inches tall . Amge 's birthday was celebrated at a party in Nagpur with cake and guests from her hometown as well as Guinness representatives from London . Amge , wearing a purple sari and celebratory henna , stood proudly next to a copy of the 2012 Guinness record book and her official certificate , which was almost as big as Amge herself . Amge , at 2 feet , 0.06 inches tall , is the same height as an average 2-year-old as a result of being born with a form of dwarfism called achondroplasia . But Amge is every bit an 18-year-old woman , attending a regular high school and dreaming of becoming a Bollywood star . She will star in two Bollywood movies next year , according to Guinness . "  It is wonderful to celebrate my 18th birthday with a new world record . It 's like an added birthday present , " Guinness quoted Amge as saying . "  I feel grateful to be this size , after all , if I were n't small and had not achieved these world records , I might never have been able to visit Japan and Europe and many other wonderful countries . " The record for the shortest woman in history remains with Pauline Musters , who died in 1895 at 2 feet tall even .	Jyoti Amge is just over 2 feet tall She has a form of dwarfism called achondroplasia Guinness World Records reps were at her 18th birthday to confirm the record
MANCHESTER , New Hampshire  CNN  -- If you listen to inventor Dean Kamen , the biggest health problem facing the world today is not AIDS , obesity or malnutrition . It 's a shortage of water . Dean Kamen hopes to tackle the world 's fresh water shortage with the Slingshot , a water purifying device . Water is the most abundant resource on the planet , yet less than one percent of the Earth 's freshwater supply is readily available to drink , according to the World Health Organization . Lack of accessible or clean drinking water , exacerbated by drought , is crippling communities in many developing countries . "  In your lifetime , my lifetime , we will see water be a really scarce , valuable commodity , " Kamen says . Those are scary words from the man whose creations include the Segway personal motorized scooter and the Luke  as in Skywalker  prosthetic arm . But the forward-thinking inventor and his team at DEKA Research in Manchester , New Hampshire , are n't sitting around waiting for the world 's wells to dry up . They 've been working on an invention they say can tap into 97 percent of the world 's undrinkable water . It 's called the Slingshot , and it 's a portable , low energy machine that is designed to purify water in remote villages where there 's not a Wal-Mart in sight . The device takes its name from a well-known story . "  We believe the world needs a slingshot to take care of its Goliath of a problem in water , " Kamen says . "  So we decided to build a small machine and give it to the little Davids . " Perhaps you 've heard about the Slingshot , which Kamen has been working on for more than 10 years . Over that time it has turned dirty river water , ocean water and even raw sewage into pure drinking water . Kamen says it can turn anything that looks wet , or has water in it , into the "  stuff of life . " The magic behind the Slingshot is a "  vapor compression distiller " that stands between what looks like two empty fish tanks connected by a couple of hoses . One tank contains the contaminated liquid , the other is for the newly clean water . Watch Kamen demonstrate the Slingshot " The Slingshot boils , distills and vaporizes the polluted source , in turn delivering nothing but clean water to the other side . And it does it all on less electricity than it takes to run a hair dryer . In summer 2006 , Kamen delivered two Slingshots to the small community of Lerida in Honduras . They were used for a month and Kamen says everything ran as planned . "  The machine worked very well down there , taking virtually any water that the people from that village brought to us , " he says . "  All the water that we got from the machine was absolutely pure water . " But there 's a problem . Kamen says each Slingshot costs his company several hundred thousand dollars to build . He 's looking to partner with companies and organizations to distribute Slingshots around the world , but says a little more engineering work needs to be done in order to lower the production costs . Kamen says the company would like to get the price down to about $ 2,000 per machine . "  The biggest challenge right now between this being a dream and a reality is getting committed people that really care about the state of the world 's health to get involved , " Kamen says . The world 's population is quickly approaching 7 billion , making access to clean water that much more important . According to the World Health Organization and UNICEF , more than 3.5 million people die every year from water-related diseases and almost 900 million do n't have access to a safe water supply . Kamen says people in developing regions of the world need the Slingshot as soon as possible . He also thinks the problem with polluted water will spread beyond small villages . He says one Slingshot machine can supply about 250 gallons of water a day , which is enough for 100 people . That 's a lot of Davids . "  It is literally like turning lead into gold , " he says . "  But I believe it 's more important , because you ca n't drink lead or gold . "	Segway inventor Dean Kamen wants to tackle the world 's fresh water shortage Kamen has designed a portable water purifying device called a Slingshot The machine is designed to purify water in remote villages of developing nations But assembly costs remain too high for the machine to be mass produced
CNN  -- A piece of ice four times the size of Manhattan island has broken away from an ice shelf in Greenland , according to scientists in the U.S. . The 260 square-kilometer  100 square miles  ice island separated from the Petermann Glacier in northern Greenland early on Thursday , researchers based at the University of Delaware said . The ice island , which is about half the height of the Empire State Building , is the biggest piece of ice to break away from the Arctic icecap since 1962 and amounts to a quarter of the Petermann 70-kilometer floating ice shelf , according to research leader Andreas Muenchow . "  The freshwater stored in this ice island could keep the Delaware or Hudson rivers flowing for more than two years . It could also keep all U.S. public tap water flowing for 120 days , " Muenchow said . Muenchow 's team is studying ice in the Nares Strait separating Greenland from Canada , about 1,000 kilometers south of the North Pole . Satellite data from NASA 's MODIS-Aqua satellite revealed the initial rupture which was confirmed within hours by Trudy Wohlleben of the Canadian Ice Service , according to the University of Delaware website . Muenchow said the island could block the Nares Strait as it drifts south , or break into smaller islands and continue towards the open waters of the Atlantic . "  In Nares Strait , the ice island will encounter real islands that are all much smaller in size , " he said . "  The newly born ice island may become land-fast , block the channel , or it may break into smaller pieces as it is propelled south by the prevailing ocean currents . From there , it will likely follow along the coasts of Baffin Island and Labrador , to reach the Atlantic within the next two years . " Environmentalists say ice melt is being caused by global warming with Arctic temperatures in the 1990s reaching their warmest level of any decade in at least 2,000 years , according to a study published in 2009 . Current trends could see the Arctic Ocean become ice free in summer months within decades , researchers predict .	260 square-kilometer Ice island is biggest since 1962 , researchers say Ice broke away from Petermann glacier early on Thursday Ice island could block Nares Strait which separates Canada , Greenland Environmentalists say Arctic ice melt caused by global warming
CNN  -- CNN created the Global Wage Calculator with data supplied by the International Labor Organization , which takes on the gargantuan task of compiling the average wage of the world , as well as individual countries . The ILO collects this data by sending out annual questionnaires to countries ' national statistical authorities and also trying to collect it directly from national statistical authorities ' publicly available information . They ca n't cover the entire world -- some countries do n't supply or have the information -- but this interactive uses data which counts for 93 % of the globe 's employees . However , there are some important caveats . The total employed population is broken into two groups . Employees who earn a wage , and the self-employed who earn what the ILO calls "  employment-related income . " The ILO does not include the latter because what is earned as a "  wage " and what is earned as "  profit " and reinvested in the company is hard to untangle and could therefore confuse the concepts . The share of employees in total employment varies across the world . In most developed economies , employees represent about 85 % of total employment . However , in developing countries this is much less . In Africa , for example , employees are on average about 30 % of total employment . This means the average wage as calculated by the ILO will not always capture what an average family lives on , particularly as self-employed workers in developing countries can earn much less than wage earners . China is also a special case . There is information on public wages and private wages , but nothing which combines the two . Because the percentage split is unclear , the ILO keeps the data points separate . The concept of an "  average wage " is also imperfect because inequality has increased across the globe , and the percentage of low paid workers has increased in a substantial number of countries . However , global distribution figures still show how the majority of people in the world are still earning far less than the wealthy minority . The data also comes from different years , as some countries do n't send their data to the ILO as regularly as others . However , with wages stagnant in recent years , at least in developed economies , the differences are likely to be small . You can see what year your data comes from in the blurb comparing your wage to the average in your country . In order to be able to compare wages globally , they are converted into what 's called a "  purchasing power parity " U.S. dollar . This uses a 2012 World Bank conversion rate to weight wages relative to the buying power of $ 1 inside the U.S. However , the comparison is not perfect because the definition of wages can vary from one country to the next . The $ PPP figure reveals the buying power of what you earn , inside your country , relative to the spending power of someone in the U.S. . The G20 data is presented as an indicator of global wages . Argentina and the EU are excluded because comparable data is not available . The representative jobs CNN chose were in the main guided by data the ILO had in hand , for reasons of consistency . The wages used by CNN can be found on the ILO website here , as can the years it is available . The U.S. chief executive and British Queen data comes from public records and were selected to represent those on relatively higher incomes . The Queen 's income is what she receives to carry out her public duties . She also has private income . This interactive was put together with assistance from Kristen Sobeck , one of the co-authors of the ILO Global Wage Report . Opinion : Why Europe 's unemployment ills need urgent economic medicine Opinion : Our predatory capitalist system need not be a zero-sum game Quest : Davos and its dictionary diplomacy	The International Labor Organization compiles the average wage of the world The data comes with important caveats , including how many people are "  employees " Global wages are compared by converting into "  purchasing power parity " dollars This shows how much your earnings buy you compared to someone earning in the U.S.
CNN  -- Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed on Wednesday defended the city 's handling of a snowstorm that crippled traffic and left motorists stranded for hours a day earlier , and partly blamed local businesses , saying they contributed to gridlock by letting workers leave at the same time . Reed pointed out good things his administration did during a sometimes testy exchange with Carol Costello on "  CNN Newsroom on Wednesday Morning . " "  We got a million people out of the city , " Reed said . "  We have not had any fatalities . We cleared the way of all of our hospitals , all of our police stations . " Costello cut in to say , "  Well , I heard this from public officials before , ` We did n't have any fatalities , ' but that was just by the grace of God . There were a thousand traffic accidents . People got out of their cars on icy roadways in frigid conditions to walk home . " "  That 's easy to say from your anchor seat , " Reed said . "  No , I was out stuck in the traffic , " Costello said . "  I was one of those people . " Reed said schools and businesses let people go at roughly the same time early Tuesday afternoon as the snow was starting . That was too much for the roads to handle , he said . "  I said immediately yesterday that releasing all of these folks was not the right way to go , " Reed said to Costello . "  If I had my druthers , we would have staggered the closures . " Roughly 2 inches of snow left the roads icy , making virtual parking lots out of streets and highways . Many people , including students on school buses , were stranded in vehicles overnight . At a Wednesday morning news conference , Reed said Atlanta city road crews began pretreating streets at 9 a.m. Tuesday , ahead of the day 's snowfall . He said city crews -- which have 30 spreaders and 40 snowplows -- had finished treating "  Priority 1 " areas such as bridges and exits , and their current focus is helping state crews clear the freeways . Stranded drivers tell their stories He told Costello the road treatment has been better than in January 2011 , when "  the city was closed for two to three days " because of a winter storm . "  The city did n't even have snow equipment in the last storm , " Reed said , later adding that it had "  four pieces of equipment " in 2011 . Now , he said , besides the sand - and salt-spreaders and snowplows , the city has a crew that has "  been working nonstop in 12-hour shifts . " At the news conference , Reed said 791 vehicle accidents -- "  14 with injuries " -- were reported in the city since Tuesday 's snowfall . He said city firefighters have supported 115 people , including stranded motorists . Asked what he wanted to say to parents of children who stayed in schools overnight after Tuesday 's snowfall , he said : "  What I want to say to them is hold off on trying to get to them . What I can assure  you of  is they are safe . " He added : "  The safest place for them was in the school system . ... I know it is very tough , but we 're going to make sure we 're going to get the roads open . ... But right now , we  need people to stay off the roads  . "	"  If I had my druthers , we would have staggered the closures , " Kasim Reed says Roughly 2 inches of snow made virtual parking lots out of roads , highways Tuesday afternoon Reed says Atlanta city road crews began pretreating streets at 9 a.m. Tuesday
CNN  -- The 45 U.N. peacekeepers seized in the Golan Heights have been freed and are in good condition , the United Nations said Thursday . The peacekeepers -- all from Fiji -- were captured two weeks ago by the al-Nusra Front , an al Qaeda affiliate , in the buffer zone between Syria and the Israeli-occupied territory . The personnel were handed over to the U.N. Disengagement Observer Force . A spokesman for U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said discussions had been ongoing with captors by "  various parties " at "  various levels " to obtain the peacekeepers ' release . The U.N. Disengagement Observer Force has overseen a buffer zone in the Golan Heights since 1974 to maintain a ceasefire between Israel and Syria . Fighting from Syria 's civil war spilled over into the buffer zone last week . Al-Nusra Front used civilian cars to take the peacekeepers to a U.N. base on the Syrian side of the border , a CNN source said , and the troops walked about 200 meters to the Israeli-occupied Golan side . U.N. vehicles then took the troops to the U.N. observer force command center , the source said . Ban 's spokesman said the secretary-general "  appreciates the efforts of all concerned to secure their safe release . " "  The Secretary-General emphasizes to all parties the impartiality of United Nations peacekeepers , " the spokesman said . "  The Secretary-General demands that all parties respect UNDOF 's mandate , freedom of movement and the safety and security of its personnel . " Fiji 's prime minister described the peacekeepers as heroes in a statement Friday . "  They kept their cool and showed restraint under the most extreme circumstances imaginable . Because of their discipline , not one militant was killed and none of our soldiers were harmed , " Prime Minister Voreqe Bainimarama said in a statement . The peacekeepers will be debriefed , he said , and "  obviously deserve a period of rest before they return to their duties . " Bainimarama also praised the courage of the peacekeepers ' families . "  They were naturally distressed and anxious during this difficult time , but they never once questioned why their loved ones were sent to the Golan Heights in the first place , " he said . "  They know better than anyone else that our mission is to bring peace and security to people living in troubled areas around the world . " CNN 's Kareem Khadder and Chieu Luu contributed to this report .	NEW : Fiji 's prime minister calls the peacekeepers heroes The United Nations says they are in good condition They had been captured by an al Qaeda affiliate
CNN  -- Philippine authorities on Sunday raised the alert status of the country 's most active volcano to level 4 and established an extended danger zone around it , saying an eruption is imminent . The status change at the Mayon volcano "  means that a hazardous explosive eruption is possible within days , " according to the Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology . Earlier Sunday , the institute said the central Philippine volcano continues "  to exhibit a high level of activity , " adding that 222 volcanic quakes and tremors have been recorded in recent days . One was "  an explosion-type earthquake " that launched a cloud of ash about 1,640 feet  500 meters  into the air , according to an institute statement . The institute recommended extending already-established danger zones of nearly five miles  8 kilometers  south of the summit and 4.3 miles  7 kilometers  north of the summit . In addition , "  areas just outside of this extended danger zone should prepare for evacuation in the event explosive eruptions intensify , " the institute said . More than 30,000 people fled their homes last week ahead of an expected eruption , and authorities were attempting to evacuate about 50,000 people living around the 8,077-foot volcano . People in surrounding Albay province have flocked to town centers to catch a glimpse of glowing lava cascading down the slopes of Mayon since the mountain began oozing fiery lava and belching clouds of ash last week . The volcano , about 310  500 kilometers  south of the Philippine capital of Manila , has erupted 49 times since its first documented eruption in 1616 . The Philippines is situated in the so-called Ring of Fire , an arc of fault lines circling the Pacific Basin that is prone to frequent earthquakes and volcanic eruptions . In 1814 , Mayon had its most violent eruption , killing more than 1,200 people . Its last major eruption was in 1993 . Since then , it has remained restless , emitting ash and spewing lava .	"  Hazardous explosive eruption is possible within days , " Philippine authorities say More than 220 volcanic quakes and tremors have been recorded in recent days More than 30,000 people fled their homes last week ahead of an expected eruption Last major eruption of Mayon volcano was in 1993
CNN  -- The Coast Guard ended its search Tuesday for two professional football players and a third man lost at sea , leaving the families to cope with unknown fates of the men and to organize a private search . Loved ones of one of the missing boaters react Tuesday to the news the Coast Guard 's search would end . "  There 's a lot of things we have to come to grips with -- we 've all agreed unanimously we wo n't give up hope , " said Bruce Cooper , father of Oakland Raiders linebacker Marquis Cooper . Cooper , NFL free agent Corey Smith and former college football player William Bleakley are missing , with authorities believing a fishing boat carrying them and a fourth man overturned Saturday in the Gulf of Mexico . The Coast Guard search was called off at sundown Tuesday , about 6:30 p.m. . The fourth man , Nick Schuyler , was found alive and sitting atop the overturned boat about 40 miles west of Egmont Key , Florida , on Monday afternoon . Cooper 's father and his friend , Dallas Cowboys defensive tackle Terry "  Tank " Johnson , praised the Coast Guard for its efforts , but said they would move forward with plans to organize their own search . "  What we 're asking for is experienced aviation pilots " to volunteer for the mission , Johnson said . "  We are looking only for experienced pilots ... we do n't want another tragedy as we are searching . " Johnson said he had spoken to NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell , and that "  we have the support of the entire NFL " in continuing the search . Neither the league nor Goodell commented on the missing players Tuesday , but Cooper 's team , the Oakland Raiders , issued a statement saying the team continues to "  closely monitor " the situation . "  We are aware that one of the passengers -- Nick Schuyler -- has been rescued and remain hopeful that the others ... will be located and rescued as well , " it said . See photos of Schuyler 's rescue " The team for which Smith most recently played , the Detroit Lions , said : "  While we still have that hope , we have begun to cope with the grim reality of this sad and tragic situation . " Earlier Tuesday , Coast Guard Capt. Timothy Close announced the search would conclude in the evening , saying authorities were "  extremely confident that if there were any -LSB- other -RSB- survivors on the surface of the water ... we would have found them . " Watch the Coast Guard say it will call off the search " Bruce Cooper said that when his family received the news that the Coast Guard search was ending , "  It got very emotional . " He said his son 's wife , Rebekah , was trying to rest . "  She is likewise very emotional . She 's got a lot of things going through her head , her 3-year-old daughter , for one , " he said . He also said despite his son 's career as a pro football player , his first love was deep-sea fishing . "  He definitely got lost in his element , " Cooper said . The four friends embarked on a fishing trip in a 21-foot single-engine boat from the Seminole Boat Ramp near Clearwater Pass about 6:30 a.m. Saturday , the Coast Guard said . Authorities launched a search for them early Sunday after friends and relatives realized the men had not returned . Close said authorities believe the boat capsized around 5 p.m. Saturday as the men were trying to lift the boat 's anchor . The men were "  not wearing life jackets at the time the boat capsized , " he said earlier , but "  immediately swam under the boat , recovered life jackets and managed to put them on . " The weather was calm when the trip began , but it worsened late Saturday into Sunday , Close said . He said he believed they were aware of the forecast . Searchers scanned about 24,000 square miles of ocean in about 60 hours , Close said . Authorities found a life jacket and a cooler about 16 miles from where Schuyler and the boat were found Monday , Close said . Schuyler is suffering from dehydration and hypothermia , making it difficult for him to speak , said his father , Stuart Schuyler . Watch Nick Schuyler 's father overjoyed that his son is safe " Schuyler , who , like Bleakley , used to be a University of South Florida football player , was able to speak to Coast Guard authorities for a short time , Close said . Watch Schuyler being moved on a stretcher " Schuyler told rescuers that all four men clung to the boat for a time , but then became separated , Close said . Schuyler last saw his three friends at 2 a.m. Monday , his father told CNN affiliate WTSP-TV on Monday . Schuyler 's mother , Marcia Schuyler , told the Tampa , Florida , television station that thoughts of his family helped to keep him alive . "  He told me : ` Mom , I kept saying you 're not going to go to my funeral . ' He said that 's what kept him hanging on , " she said . Close said he understood there were some plans for amateur searches , and he urged caution . "  We do n't want any new search-and-rescue cases resulting from good Samaritan efforts , " Close said . He said Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission will investigate , in line with state law , and they may attempt to recover the boat sometime Wednesday . Smith and Cooper were teammates with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers for part of the 2004 season , when Cooper was a rookie , according to the NFL 's Web site . Smith , who entered the league with Tampa Bay in 2002 , went on to play for the Washington Redskins before moving to the Lions for the 2006 season . Cooper has played for six teams in his five-season career . Bleakley lettered from 2004 to 2006 as a tight end for USF , and Schuyler was a walk-on defensive end in 2006 but never played in a game , according to a spokesman for the university 's athletics department .	NEW : Friends , relatives of three missing men to organize private search Coast Guard suspends search off Florida coast at sundown Tuesday Missing boaters include NFL players Marquis Cooper , Corey Smith Fourth boater , Nick Schuyler , was rescued off Florida coast on Monday
CNN  -- This week the Democratic National Convention is n't running away from the abortion issue . Almost all of Tuesday night 's speakers made some reference to reproductive freedom , from Nancy Keenan of NARAL to Michelle Obama . So confidently and constantly was it mentioned that it became something of a litany . Deval Patrick is for it , Martin O'Malley wants it passionately , Julian Castro sees it as a fundamental right . In case you missed it , the Democrats really , really believe in reproductive freedom . The electoral message is that Mitt Romney and the Republicans are waging a war on women , or at least a concerted effort to limit access to contraception and abortion . The goal is to expand the gender voting gap to the Democratic Party 's advantage . And also to turn out the base -- reviving the liberal coalition that put Barack Obama in office in 2008 By contrast , Romney seems to be avoiding abortion talk as much as possible . He mentioned it only once in his convention speech , and the ticket has been beset by rumors of flipping and U-turning on the issue . No one doubts that the GOP is as anti-abortion as ever , but it seems to regard the matter as a distraction from this election 's central issue -- jobs . Historically , this finds us in a very unusual situation . It used to be Republicans who used abortion as a wedge issue against Democrats . Now it 's the other way around . For more than 30 years , Republicans used abortion partly from conviction , partly to win religious voters and partly just to keep the Democrats on a back foot , forcing them constantly to equivocate in a manner that made them seem muddled or the prisoner of the feminist lobby . When they ran for the White House in 1992 , Bill Clinton and Al Gore had both "  evolved " on the issue so dramatically or cynically that even the spokeswoman for the National Right to Life Committee described the position as "  pretty slippery . " In office , Clinton stuck to a formula of "  safe , legal and rare " that seemed to acknowledge that abortion was something troubling that ought to be reduced . His wife went further . When she was setting herself up for a presidential run , Hillary Clinton described abortion as a "  sad , even tragic choice " that she hoped would "  not ever have to be exercised . " Yet neither Bill nor Hillary Clinton lobbied for legal limits that would reduce the number of procedures significantly . Until recently the Democratic message has been that abortion is almost too complex for a definitive stance . Recall the painful contortions that John Kerry went through in 2004 , trying to explain how a faithful Catholic could regard abortion as a matter of private conscience . The electoral problem was less Kerry 's thoughtful attempt to resolve a painful conundrum than it was George W. Bush 's comparative clarity . All that changed under Obama . Evidence suggests that this is not a man who has ever doubted that the abortion rights position is both constitutional and ethical . As a state senator he voted "  present " on a bill that would have compelled doctors to provide life support to fetuses that survived a termination procedure and were not expected to live . Obama argued that the language of the bill extended the legal protection to a "  pre-viable " infant and so would not be constitutional .  PolitiFact notes that Illinois "  already had a law on its books from 1975 that said if a doctor suspected an abortion was scheduled for a viable fetus -- meaning able to survive outside of the mother 's body -- then the child must receive medical care if it survives the abortion . " As a presidential candidate , he trumpeted his support for Planned Parenthood and abortion rights . As president , he reopened the flow of tax dollars via U.S. foreign aid to groups that provide abortion overseas , and he refused to use his authority to support a bill that banned gender-selective terminations . The White House said that bill would "  subject doctors to criminal prosecution if they fail to determine the motivations " behind abortions , according to news reports . The Democratic Party 's platform theoretically contains no limit on access to abortion . In another historical switch , the Democratic platform is now the more radical . The political meaning of the president 's approach to reproductive rights is hard to fathom . Conservatives insist that the so-called war on women is a cynical distraction from the poor performance of the economy . But it 's hard to imagine that working . Pollsters repeatedly say that abortion rights ranks low on voters ' list of priorities , and with unemployment seemingly stuck at higher than 8 percent , some may resent the attempted obfuscation . Pollsters also report that the "  pro-choice " position is at a record low . If the Democrats wanted a moral issue to beat the Republicans with , they 'd probably be better off focusing on same-sex marriage . But maybe it all comes back to likability -- something that Obama easily outranks Romney on . Todd Akin 's appalling comments on sexual assault , Paul Ryan 's attempt to distinguish between legal varieties of rape , and the conversation among conservatives about abortion in cases of rape and incest -- all of these have communicated the sense that the Republican attitudes toward women are old-fashioned , bordering on medieval . It smacks of precisely what conservatism promises not to be : the state telling people what to do with their lives . And the language is far removed from the experience of most people , for whom all rape is rape and contraception is a reality , not a theological challenge . Perhaps Obama is using abortion less as a specific issue to wedge between Republicans and women than as a way of accentuating the infamous Romney "  weirdo factor . " The narrative throughout Tuesday 's proceedings has been that the Democrats are as diverse and ordinary as the rest of America , contrasted with the wealth and social Old World attitudes of the Republicans . The president 's approach is a big gamble . It is true that likability matters , and there 's no doubt that the news cycle on moral issues currently favors the president  thanks largely to Akin  . But the constant reference to abortion rights Tuesday night was at risk of coming off too strong . Abortion is a complex , painful issue that touches upon faith , gender and class . It is not a matter that lends itself well to electioneering . More importantly , there 's a danger that in pushing the "  war on women , " Obama may seem distracted from the real challenges facing America . Jobs , debt and health care are what matter most to voters in 2012 . It 's still the economy , Mr. President . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Timothy Stanley .	Tim Stanley : Democrats are not running from abortion issue , just the opposite He says Mitt Romney avoids it -- a switch for GOP , which has long used it as wedge issue Stanley : Unlike top Democrats in past , Obama makes it clear he supports abortion rights Stanley : Obama , Democrats risk sounding like "  war on women " fight more important than jobs
Juba , South Sudan  CNN  -- South Sudan 's president has written to more than 75 government officials and eight foreign governments in an attempt to recover $ 4 billion lost to corruption . "  If funds are returned , the government of the Republic of South Sudan will grant amnesty and keep your name confidential , " President Salva Kiir said in the letter , which was dated May 3 and sent to former and current "  senior " officials . Kiir said the government has set up a special bank account in Kenya where officials and "  corrupt individuals with close ties to government officials " can deposit public funds . Those who refuse to return all or part of the stolen cash will be held accountable , he said . "  Most of these funds have been taken out of the country and deposited in foreign accounts , " the letter said . Kiir said he received "  some positive responses " to letters he sent to eight heads of states , including the United States as well as countries in Africa , the Middle East and Europe . The appeal comes as South Sudan 's government struggles to make up for losing 98 percent of its revenue when it halted oil production amid a dispute over transportation and processing fees with Sudan . South Sudan acquired three quarters if the formerly united country 's oil reserves when in became independent last July . But the countries have been unable to agree on how much the landlocked South should pay to use infrastructure that remains in Sudan . South Sudan shut down production in late January after accusing Sudan of stealing $ 815 million worth of its oil . Sudan said it confiscated the crude to make up for unpaid fees . The shutdown has sent the economies of both countries reeling , but South Sudan has been hit particularly hard by the loss of income from virtually its only export . The black market value of the South Sudanese pound fell from about 3.5 to the dollar in January to about 5 currently . Inflation has jumped almost 80 percent from May 2011 to May 2012 , according to the National Bureau of Statistics . In World Bank documents leaked to media last month , the Washington-based lender warned of "  state collapse " if the country runs out of foreign exchange reserves , which it said could be depleted by July -- one year after South Sudan became the world 's newest nation , following a two-decade civil war . "  We fought for freedom , justice , and equality . Many of our friends died to achieve these objectives , " Kiir wrote in his letter . "  Yet , once we got to power , we forgot what we fought for and began to enrich ourselves at the expense of our people . " When it declared independence , South Sudan became one of the world 's poorest countries . Only 27 percent of the adult population can read and write , while just over half have access to clean water , according to the Statistics Bureau . "  There is still time to take critical decisions of saving our country from the crisis we currently face and to help the millions who are in desperate need of assistance in health care and education , " Kiir said . The Anti-Corruption Commission has recovered about $ 60 million in stolen public funds , according to a June 1 statement released by the office of the president .	President Kiir writes to former and current "  senior " officials seeking money lost to corruption Most was "  taken out of the country and deposited in foreign accounts , " the letter says The shutdown of oil production in a dispute with Sudan has left the country in dire straits
CNN  -- Cher has announced on Twitter that she is working on writing and starring in an autobiographical Broadway show . "  Prods . R writing mucial -LSB- sic -RSB- now about my life with my music , " reads the initial post , revealing that the musical will track three different versions of Cher throughout the singer 's life . "  I 'm help .2 write cause i was there & know stories that no1 knows but me , " she follows . Cher 's character will appear as a young singer through the Sonny and Cher era , then as a solo artist from the late Seventies through her Believe tour in 1999 , and finally as a present-day incarnation looking back on her life , career and earlier versions of herself . No further casting or creative team members have been revealed , and no timeline has been given . Although Cher has won at least one Oscar , Emmy and Grammy , she has yet to win a Tony Award . See the full story at Rolling Stone.com .	Cher tweeted that she is planning a Broadway show The singer/actress said she would write and star in it Cher has won several awards , but never a Tony
New York  CNN  -- It 's not every day that a 13-year-old boy gets a chance to address the United Nations General Assembly . But Felix Finkbeiner is no ordinary teenager . Finkbeiner is already the head of his own organization , Plant for the Planet , dedicated to planting millions of trees all around the world . At the U.N. earlier this month , Finkbeiner had one item on his agenda : taking adults to task for their lack of action on planting trees . In the normally staid U.N. , Finkbeiner had a field day telling off a group of adults . His message to the diplomats was simple : "  stop talking and start planting . " Finkbeiner warned the countries that disappearing trees would create a climate crisis for children 's future . "  We children understand that the adults know everything about these crises , but we children do n't understand why there 's so little action , " he said . Plant for the Planet was founded in , of all places , a fourth grade classroom in his native Germany . A presentation Finkbeiner gave in class about Nobel Peace Prize winner Wangari Maathai , who planted 30 million trees in Kenya , inspired the movement . But Finkbeiner believes this tree crusade can only be successful if it is led by children . "  We children are the majority in the world but we can only make a difference if we work together . So we have to work together because if we do this , we can have a big impact , " he says . This tree-planting campaign has already had an impact worldwide . Finkbeiner says there are 100,000 children participating in 91 countries with 3.5 million trees planted . Maathai , who also addressed the U.N. on the same occasion , was impressed with Finkbeiner 's success . "  It is an indication of the kind of inspiration and hope we should all have because when they start this young with the conviction and the commitment , then you know definitely there 's hope . " After her speech , Maathai and Finkbeiner shared some tree talk and a hug in the hall . Later on further uptown , Finkbeiner addressed an entire audience of teens at a New York City middle school . His speech was a battle cry to his peers . "  It 's not about saving the polar bear . It 's about saving our future . " Finkbeiner offered the students , who rarely see trees in the concrete jungle of Manhattan , some suggestions on planting trees . He encouraged the students to organize tree-planting parties in their community . Twitter and Facebook could be used to spread the word on tree events , Finkbeiner told the curious group of youngsters . For those seeking even more sophisticated means of getting news out , Finkbeiner offered tips on writing press releases . Jonathan Mejia , a student who attended the presentation , left feeling inspired to "  go out with a couple of my friends to a park and plant a lot of trees in a common area that everyone goes , like maybe Central Park . " This is exactly the kind of momentum Finkbeiner hopes to inspire in children around the world . "  We can not trust that the adults alone will save our future , " the young tree ambassadors says . "  We have to take our future in our own hands . "	13-year-old Felix Finkbeiner is already the head of his own organization Plant for the Planet is dedicated to planting trees around the world Finkbeiner says there are 100,000 children participating in 91 countries He says 3.5 million trees have been planted so far
Kennesaw , Georgia  CNN  -- Chrissy Gibson makes no apologies for her support . Sure , she is upset her friends who work for the federal government have been furloughed . And yes , she dislikes that her family 's favorite hiking spot at one of Georgia 's premier national parks has been closed by the budget battle . But she stands by U.S. Rep. Phil Gingrey , one of the approximately 40 tea party and conservative Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives considered the architects of the government shutdown aimed at dismantling or defunding the Affordable Care Act , also referred to as Obamacare . For many , Gingrey and these other lawmakers are responsible for furloughing hundreds of thousands of federal workers , closing national parks and monuments and shuttering federal research . But for many of those in their districts -- people like Gibson and her family -- these representatives are soldiers in a battle of principle , standing up to an out-of-control government . "  He 's standing up for what he believes , and somebody has to do that , " said Gibson , 37 . With the government shutdown that began October 1 in its second week , there was little question the country was beginning to feel the financial squeeze . A CNN/ORC International survey released this week found that although slightly more people were angry at Republicans than Democrats or President Barack Obama for the shutdown , both sides were taking a hit . According to the poll conducted over the weekend , 63 % of respondents said they were angry at the Republicans for the way they have handled the shutdown , while 57 % expressed anger at Democrats and 53 % at Obama . "  It looks like there is more than enough blame to go around , and both parties are being hurt by the shutdown , " CNN Polling Director Keating Holland said . Pentagon strikes deal with charity to pay military death benefits ` What my district wants ' But the national anger is unlikely to change the position of these conservative Republicans . Just ask Rep. Thomas Massie of Kentucky , who was elected to Congress in 2012 . He told reporters that his support for the shutdown was simple : "  All that really matters is what my district wants . And my district is overwhelmingly in favor of my position . " Or ask Rep. Mark Meadows , who represents the western part of North Carolina . "  My job first is to make sure I represent the people back home , " Meadows told CNN recently . "  I do n't believe that when I get here that people expect me to look at the political implications . That 's for somebody else to focus on . " Gingrey has been a frontrunner among those in Congress working to overturn Obama 's signature health care law that passed in 2010 when Democrats controlled both houses of Congress . "  A majority of Americans think Obamacare will make health care in our country worse , and they 're right , " the 71-year-old Gingrey said recently . His stance against the Affordable Care Act has earned him an enormous amount of support among his constituents in Georgia 's 11th Congressional District , which covers the northwest suburbs of Atlanta . Nowhere is the government shutdown more on display in Gingrey 's district than in Kennesaw , a city of about 30,000 that is home to federal employees and military personnel from nearby Dobbins Air Reserve Base in Marietta . It 's also apparent at the popular Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park , where black metal gates have been chained . A sign posted on the gates announces the park 's closure , citing the government shutdown . 5 crazy side effects from the shutdown Closing ` the mountain ' Among locals , it 's simply known as "  the mountain , " a place where outdoor enthusiasts come by the thousands to use the dog-friendly park 's miles and miles of hiking and walking trails . Standing outside the gate , Janet Kamautz , 36 , looked toward the nearly empty park where a handful of people entered using pedestrian walkways . "  I applaud him for what he 's doing , " she said of Gingrey 's stance . The 36-year-old homemaker from Kennesaw said she knows the spending bill stalled in Congress has nothing to do with Affordable Care Act . But there needs to be a conversation about it , Kamautz said . "  It ca n't be one-sided . Right now , it 's  Obama 's  way or no way , " she said . Kamautz pointed to the park , saying its closure was a scare tactic . "  Why would you close a park ? " she said . " ... It 's a big thing that says the government shut down . " Of the 32 families in Gibson 's neighborhood , she knows of a number -- all federal workers -- hit by the government shutdown . Turning to her 10-year-old son , Ty , Gibson asks : "  How many of your friends ' dads are home right now ? " Ty counts on his fingers : One . Two . Three . Maybe four . Gibson knows another five or six people , mostly friends , who have been classified as "  non-essential " federal employees . They have been furloughed , she said . "  I 'm not happy about it . My friends are out of work , and I hate that this is happening to them , " she said . The Gibsons expect their small telecommunications business will take a hit as a result of the government shutdown . "  When people do n't get paid , they ca n't pay their long-distance bill . So , yeah , we are going to feel it if this goes on , " Gibson said . But the Gibsons also expect to feel a financial pinch with the new requirements of the Affordable Care Act . Today , she said , she pays $ 16,000 a year to cover her family , including her husband and three children . The family does n't expect to get a financial break with the new insurance requirements . In fact , Gibson said , her family expects to pay more . Gingrey , Gibson said , is fighting on behalf of her family . "  Yes , I 'll vote for him again , " she said . Ted Cruz : Democrats ' new bogeyman	Phil Gingrey represents Georgia 's 11th congressional district He is among the lawmakers supporting the shutdown "  He 's standing up for what he believes , " a constituent says
CNN  -- Cardiff University may be struck by lightning every day , but it 's nothing to do with the miserable British weather . Deep within the Welsh university 's department of engineering is a state-of-the-art "  lightning-lab " where bolts of electricity are shot onto aircraft components . The idea is to recreate the conditions present when lightning strikes a plane at 35,000 feet , testing the fortitude of composite materials and conductor strips found on modern planes . "  There is a lightning strike every second around the world  and  every single aircraft is hit by lightning once a year , " said Professor Manu Hadad of Cardiff University 's Institute of Energy . Displaying the charred remains of two recently zapped plane panels , Hadad explains that a thin layer of copper mesh on an aircraft 's exterior can drastically reduce the damage caused when lightning strikes . With support from the government and aerospace manufacturer , EADS , the ultimate aim of the $ 2 million project is to further refine and increase the working knowledge of how aircraft cope with these elements at altitude . Explore more : How airports beat bad weather But while of particular interest to the electrical storm specialists at Cardiff University , lightning is just one of the many extreme weather phenomena encountered by planes when in the air . The build up of ice and strong winds in particular can also be issues and a host of academic institutions are applying hi-tech techniques to study the impact these conditions can have . Watch this : Superjumbo visits in tiny French village At Cranfield University just outside London a team of engineers specialize in analyzing the formation of ice around engines and on aeroplane wings . Here , sub-zero temperatures are created and tests carried out in a specially designed "  icing-tunnel " with the aim of understanding ice and its aerodynamic qualities . According to Dr David Hammond of Cranfield 's School of Engineering , a large build up of ice can alter the shape and performance of vital aircraft components . Pointing to a freshly tested model wing , Hammond explains how "  the ice that forms  during flight  ... can have a big spike that reverses the curvature of the leading  wing  edge and creates unsteadiness . " "  In an aircraft we work out which parts are most critical and make sure they 're protected one way or another , " he added . Researchers at Cranfield are currently investigating how a wire mesh can act as an effective method of preventing ice build up near fuel tanks . But Hammond is hopeful that other discoveries on how planes react to extreme weather will arise during the process of the group 's studies . "  We 're really trying to support the people who design and test aircraft , " Hammond said . "  There 's always a little bit of efficiencies that we can build in or maybe we can design slightly more efficiently to get performance for the passengers and for the environment . "	Extreme weather conditions can alter the performance of planes in flight A lightning-lab at Cardiff University recreates the conditions present when lightning strikes a plane An ice-tunnel experiment at Cranfield University analyzes the build up of ice on engines and wings
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- Ethnic clashes in India 's northeastern Assam province have left 32 dead as of Wednesday and sent an estimated 150,000 fleeing their homes to escape the violence , police said . Long-standing tensions between the predominant Bodo tribes people and minority migrant Muslim settlers erupted into bloodshed nearly a week ago and has largely gripped the province 's Kokrajhar district , which borders on neighboring Bhutan to India 's north , said Assam police chief J.N. Chaudhury . What sparked the mayhem is not yet known and under investigation , he said . But it has resulted in incidences of attacks and counter attacks between the two groups , CNN sister network CNN-IBN has reported . Five of those killed died when police fired on mobs engaging in rioting and arson , according to Chaudhury , who said that the district had witnessed similar fighting in the 1990s and the early 2000s . "  For now , our priority is to stop the violence and arson . It may take some days to rebuild trust , " he said . Peace committees were set up between tribal and migrant communities when clashes erupted in the past , Chaudhury said . Angry mobs disrupted rail service by attacking train cars with bricks and sitting on tracks , bringing service to a standstill . R.S. Virdi , general manager of Northeast Frontier Railway , told CNN that 34 trains were held up at various stations . "  We are not originating any new trains until we have clearance from the state authorities , " he said , adding that train service was being gradually restored as security personnel moved in . The Assam region , known around the world for its tea production , is also a major petroleum supplier , but the region has remained particularly poor . India is known for its diverse mixture of cultures , religions and ethnic backgrounds , which at times has led to conflict between groups . Assam has a high concentration of extremist groups of varying backgrounds , reflecting a checkerboard of ethnic and political interests . But police have not blamed any insurgent group in this week 's violence , citing instead rioting mobs . Harmeet Shah Singh reported from New Delhi and Ben Brumfield , from Atlanta . CNN 's Sumit Galhotra contributed to this report .	Tribes people and Muslim settlers have attacked and counter-attacked There is a history of animosity between the two groups Police say they fired on mobs engaged in rioting and arson , killing five The Assam region , known for its tea , is a particularly poor part of India
New York  CNN  -- Jorge Munoz is a bus driver in New York City who started feeding the hungry in Queens five years ago , using food that would otherwise have been thrown away . And that 's how he discovered a secret -- the power of sharing . "  People are telling me , ` Jorge , you have no money , you do all this and get nothing back . ' And I say I have a checking account full of smiles . " Munoz has been recognized as a Top Ten CNN Hero in 2009 and received the U.S. Citizens Award from President Obama . His website is AnAngelinQueens.org . Munoz spoke Wednesday with CNN 's Elizabeth Belanger . Here is an edited transcript . CNN : What is it that made you decide to do what you do every day ? Jorge Munoz : In the beginning it was to try to avoid wasting food in the garbage . But then I realized it was like a mission from God for my family . That 's how we see it . I was working in a summer camp on Long Island and I was waiting for the kids on the bus , and across the street was a food processing plant . I saw a couple come out with a lot of food , and it was good food . I asked them about it and they said they had to throw it out every Friday . But it was good food and I asked them about it , if they could give it to me because I knew someone would want it . So in Jackson Heights I saw people waiting on the corner , and I asked them what they were doing and they said they had no money for food . So I called my mom and I said I had people to give the food to . At first we brought food for eight guys . And a few days later I saw a few of them on the corner and I asked them about it and they said they sleep under the bridge . That 's when I decided to bring them food -LSB- every day -RSB- . And the first week it was eight guys , and the next week 24 and so on . Take the iReport challenge : Be an everyday hero CNN : Are you out there every day ? What do you provide for people ? Munoz : In these 6 1/2 years we 've been doing it , I 've missed one day because of a snowstorm . And we 've distributed 121,000 meals over the years , might be more . But every day we make 120 to 140 meals . For the last few months , every piece of bread I get I bring in the morning with soda or water that I buy . Besides meals , we provide hot coffee , tea , a piece of cake and sometimes my mom makes chicken soup . And when I have money I provide fruit . When I have a budget , when winter is here , I provide caps , underwear , winter hats , scarves , boots . And this time of the year , on the website , I ask for coat donations . I need about 100 coats because these guys sleep on the street . CNN : Why is what you do important today ? Munoz : Because I have a family at my house and I have a second family out there . And that 's about 130 to 140 guys . And there 's always a line out there . And the economy is not good right now , and those who have a place to stay have to choose between a place to live and food . And when we 're there they have something to eat . At least we provide a little something , and the only thing we ask in return is a smile . If you hand a meal to someone who has n't eaten anything in the last 20 hours and they smile , you know you did something good . CNN : How much food do you cook in the space of a week ? Munoz : In a week it 's hard to say , but for example , tomorrow we 're going to cook 22 pounds of rice , 15 pounds of pasta , 10 pounds of frozen vegetables , 10 pounds of onions , 8 to 10 pounds of peppers , 60 pounds of chicken , we do that through the oven . My mom , she 's the one who creates the menu and every day we change the menu . CNN : What was it like to become a CNN Hero and what has your life been like since ? Munoz : To become a CNN Hero , being nominated , it 's a great honor for me , for my family and for my country -LSB- Colombia -RSB- . So they know -- I had the chance to be there for almost a month and when I went into a neighborhood and people knew , or even here in New York , people recognize me . And it helped me around the world . One example , there was a teacher in Afghanistan and she e-mailed me saying she wanted to start a small meal program in their town because of my story . And there was a little girl in Texas , I think she 's 8 , after CNN Heroes , she saw the show and the next weekend she went out with her friends and family and sold brownies and lemonade and made $ 25 and sent it to me with a note saying she was touched by my efforts . CNN : Are you planning on expanding your efforts beyond Queens ? Munoz : Yeah , we already did . Right now , about a month ago , three volunteers they 're doing breakfast in Brentwood and two small towns in Long Island . And in Elizabeth , New Jersey , they 're starting a meal program and they 're opening one in Miami with sandwiches and water . I 'm with them and they 're helping me out . CNN : You received the U.S. Citizen 's Award from President Obama this year -- what was that like and what did that mean to you ? Munoz : That was a great honor . A great honor . Why , because not that many people have a chance to go to the White House invited by the president of the United States . And he told me I did a great job and to continue doing what I 'm doing . Today President Barack Obama wants to shake your hand and tell you not to give up your mission . CNN : Who is your biggest inspiration ? Munoz : My mom . I always say my mom is my hero . Because she taught me how to share . She told me if you share you 're OK with God . CNN : What would you say to people who are trying to figure out a way that they can give back to their community ? Munoz : If you share , share anything you have you 're not using like clothes , toys , share it to make other people happy . People in this country cook more than they need and two days later it goes from the refrigerator to the garbage . If you see someone standing on the corner and have $ 2 , buy them a cup of coffee and a piece of bread . I 'm doing it seven days a week , but just do it once in a while and you 'll feel what I feel . And when that person is smiling at you you 'll know you 're doing something good . Do it from the inside . Share . Sharing is a beautiful thing . Think of me , I 'm a regular union worker , bus driver and I 'm trying to change the lives of the hungry . And imagine if everyone around the world got together to change the lives of the hungry . Imagine if they helped once in a while , you 'd see a lot of change . So share , it 's a beautiful thing .	Jorge Munoz is a bus driver who started delivering surplus food to the homeless He saves lots of food that would otherwise go to waste Munoz has been recognized as a CNN Hero , given award by President Obama Munoz : Smiles of those he helps make it worthwhile
