NEW YORK  CNN  -- An expert on Lincoln photography thinks a photograph found in Gen. Ulysses S. Grant 's family-owned album showing President Abraham Lincoln in front of the White House could be one of the last photos taken of the 16th president before he was assassinated in 1865 . A photo found in Gen. Ulysses S. Grant 's family album is verified to contain an image of Abraham Lincoln . Grant 's great-great grandson Ulysses S. Grant VI had seen the previously unpublished image in the general 's personal photo album , but did n't think much of it until he scrutinized it earlier this year . "  I started to think that it might be the White House , " said Grant , a construction business owner from Springfield , Missouri . "  Then I started to look at the height difference between the people in the photo . " Thinking that the towering individual commanding the attention of the other people in the image could be Lincoln -- who stood 6-foot-4 and is the nation 's tallest president -- Grant called Keya Morgan , a renowned collector and scholar of Lincoln and Gen. Grant photographs , to see whether his suspicions could be verified . Morgan , who owns the world 's largest collection of Lincoln artifacts and original photographs , persuaded Grant to take the small photo out of the album to see whether any clues could be found on the back -- particularly the name of the photographer . "  If you do n't know who the photographer is , it 's like not knowing who your father and mother are , " Morgan said . Sure enough , the seal of photographer Henry F. Warren appeared on the back , along with an inscription : "  Lincoln in front of the White House , " dated 1865 . Grant recognized the handwriting as that of his great-grandfather and Gen. Grant 's youngest son , Jesse Grant . Those indicators , along with a revenue stamp used from 1864-66 to raise money during the Civil War , helped convince Morgan that the photograph could be the well-documented missing photo from Lincoln 's last "  sitting . " Watch how photograph was verified " According to Morgan -- who cites Lincoln 's secretaries John Hay and John Nicolay -- Warren took the last three photographs of Lincoln on March 6 , 1865 , just two days after his second inauguration . Morgan says Warren was desperate to take pictures of Lincoln , so he staged the first act of paparazzi photography . According to Morgan , Warren first took photos of the president 's son Tad on his pony . The following day , Warren gave the pictures to Tad and told him to summon his father . Morgan says that Warren was already set up to take the photo outside the White House , and that Lincoln gave him access afterward to take two more portraits on the White House balcony . Will Stapp , founding curator of the National Portrait Gallery 's photography department and a professional photograph appraiser , agrees with Morgan 's assessment of the long-lost image . "  The figure itself , the physique -- in looking at it under a magnifying glass , I can see the shape of his beard ; I can see the hairline , " Stapp told CNN . "  It 's similar to the impression you get from other photos taken of -LSB- Lincoln -RSB- from the same distance , like at the Gettysburg Address and his inauguration . " Stapp and Morgan also say it appears that Lincoln is wearing the same clothes in the outdoor photo as he wore for the portraits taken the same day . As one of only 130 photographs of Lincoln , it is an extraordinary find not only because of its proximity to Lincoln 's death , but because it shows him in a natural stance . "  You could put yourself in the shoes of the people around -LSB- Lincoln -RSB- and see what it was like to live at the White House , " said Morgan , who says he receives 10 to 20 requests a day asking him to verify potential Lincoln photographs . Morgan , who purchased the photo from Grant , says he has received thousands of e-mails from Lincoln aficionados commenting on the find . His Web site , lincolnimages.com , received more than 5 million hits on Tuesday and crashed because of the traffic overload .	Ulysses S. Grant 's great-great grandson took family photo to scholar for verification Seal of photographer Henry F. Warren appeared on the back of photograph Warren took the last three photographs of Lincoln on March 6 , 1865
Miami  CNN  -- A man who fled his trial on drug and racketeering charges in 1979 and eluded police in several different countries while on the run was arrested Thursday at a Florida senior living community , U.S. Marshals said . Mark Steven Phillips was arrested at the West Palm Beach , Florida , apartments by a U.S. Marshals "  Cold Case Fugitive Squad , " authorities said . Authorities woke him while he was sleeping , the statement said , and the lead deputy marshal told him , "  The judge wants to see you , Mark . " "  The judge wants to see me from 30 years ago ? " Phillips replied , according to the statement . Phillips was set to appear Thursday before a federal magistrate and will appear "  in the near future " before U.S. District Judge James Lawrence King -- "  the same judge he walked out on during his criminal trial , " the Marshals said . Phillips was arrested on May 2 , 1979 , and charged with participating in racketeering activity ; possession with intent to distribute marijuana ; unlawful use of a communication facility ; and engaging in a criminal enterprise , authorities said . Along with 13 other defendants , he was indicted and charged with violating the Racketeering Influenced and Corrupt Organization  RICO  statutes , which charged that the organization imported "  multi-ton quantities of marijuana and cocaine " into the United States between October 1974 and April 1978 . Phillips was the corporate director for Fort Lauderdale , Florida-based Striker Aluminum Yachts and functioned as a broker to buy vessels "  so the interior of the boats could be restructured to afford maximum cargo area for the transportation of the loads of marijuana to be received from mother ships on the high seas , " the Marshals said . The 1979 indictment alleges that Phillips in March 1977 showed a co-conspirator two vessels that had recently been used to import 20 tons of marijuana into the United States , authorities said . In July 1977 , he allegedly went to an address in Miami and picked up "  a suitcase filled with money , " the U.S. Marshals statement said . "  Later that same night , he used the suitcase full of cash to purchase another yacht for $ 223,000 " for use on future marijuana smuggling trips , according to the indictment . Once the marijuana was distributed to "  the enterprise 's wholesale customers , " it was to be sold for $ 250 a pound , authorities alleged . Phillips was released from jail on July 5 , 1979 , after posting $ 25,000 bond , authorities said . His trial , along with that of his co-defendants , began on September 17 of that year . "  For approximately a month and a half , Phillips took part in his trial , but on November 5 , 1979 , Phillips got cold feet and failed to show up that day at the federal courthouse in Miami , " the Marshals said . King issued a bench warrant for his arrest . His trial continued , however , and Phillips was convicted in absentia of seven counts of participating in a racketeering activity and possession with intent to distribute marijuana . Authorities investigating Phillips ' disappearance received leads indicating he had fled the country , the Marshals said . In 1993 , police gathered intelligence that Phillips had fled to Santiago , Chile , and assumed a new identity . He married a local woman using the name Marcus Steffan and created a commercial fishing company with her called "  Fishing Research Inc. " The company paid him $ 125,000 annually , authorities said . By the time U.S. Marshals received documentation of his new identity , however , Phillips had already left Chile . Eight years later , the Marshals received information that Phillips was traveling between Chile and Germany , authorities said , and found a passport had been issued for a Marcus Steffan in 1991 and renewed in 1999 . Checking on the use of the Steffan name , investigators found Phillips had flown into New York from abroad several times . He had rented two penthouse apartments for $ 10,000 a month using the fake name , but was evicted in August 2000 , they said . He had traveled to Chile in February 2001 , authorities learned . He is thought to have remained in Chile until 2010 , when deputy marshals assigned to the cold case squad learned he had returned to the United States and obtained a Florida driver 's license using his real name , authorities said . They eventually developed new information about him renting an apartment at the West Palm Beach address , in a 55-and-older apartment complex . At the time of his arrest , it appeared Phillips was "  still living out of a suitcase , " the U.S. Marshals statement said , citing deputy marshals who arrested him . "  There were no clothes in the drawers in the apartment . All his belongings were contained in one travel bag . " U.S. Marshals Senior Inspector Barry Golden said it was unclear how much prison time Phillips might face . CNN 's Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .	Mark Phillips fled his trial in 1979 He was convicted in absentia Authorities tracked him to Chile and Germany Upon arrest , Phillips said , "  The judge wants to see me from 30 years ago ? "
CNN  -- It 's not the way most Americans spent Easter weekend , but then again , most Americans are n't Mitt Romney . And that 's the potential problem that will be leveraged against him in the battle for the White House . The former Massachusetts governor and likely Republican presidential nominee spent the past few days with his family at his beach house in expensive and exclusive La Jolla , California . That 's the same three-bedroom home , purchased for $ 12 million four years ago , that has made headlines over the past couple of years after reports of plans for a major remodeling and expansion . The home was in the media spotlight again just a few weeks ago , amid reports that the proposed renovations , which would quadruple the size of the structure , included an auto elevator for a four-car garage . Romney 's GOP presidential campaign released a photo on Friday of Mitt and wife Ann Romney decorating Easter eggs with their grandchildren . On Sunday , Romney 's son Matt tweeted out a photo of the family taking part in an Easter egg hunt on the expansive lawn belonging to their next-door neighbor . Also over the weekend , a photo of Romney walking across the beach , wearing a wetsuit and holding a boogie board , made its way onto the political blogs . A day later , in response , son Matt , who 's seen in the beach picture with his father , tweeted "  water temp was low 60s . I was freezing in my full-length wetsuit . Guess my dad was just happy to be out there . " Are the photos much ado about nothing ? Or are they an example of a candidate who might be tone-deaf to how most of the public actually lives . In 2004 , opponents used images of then-Democratic presidential nominee Sen. John Kerry of Massachusetts windsurfing to tag him an elitist , lumping in windsurfing with some of his other expensive pastimes , including skiing and flying himself between vacation homes . But boogie-boarding is not an expensive hobby , and a source close to the Romney campaign says it does n't see a problem with the photos , and that like millions of other Americans , Romney spent the holiday weekend with his family . "  We had 11 of our grandkids staying with us and three of my boys and three of their , of course , their spouses , " Romney said Monday , describing his weekend in an interview on former Arkansas governor and former Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabee 's radio program . "  We had the Easter egg roll over the neighbor 's lawn . He has a big lawn we use . We made Easter eggs , we went swimming and surfing in the water . We are in California . It is absolutely delightful . " Romney made millions at Bain Capital , the investment firm he founded in 1984 , and at Bain and Company , a management firm he eventually ran . According to a financial disclosure form released by his campaign last year , Romney has assets totaling $ 190 million to $ 250 million in value . He made $ 42.7 million over the past two years and paid $ 6.2 million in taxes , according to tax documents released earlier this year by his campaign . Mitt and Anne Romney filed a joint 1040 reporting $ 21.7 million in 2010 income and $ 3 million in federal taxes . They also said their 2011 income was $ 21 million and the tax bill was $ 3.2 million . Besides the beach home in La Jolla , Romney owns a property along Lake Winnipesaukee in New Hampshire . He used to own a multimillion-dollar ski home in exclusive Deer Valley , Utah . The "  rich guy " and "  Wall Street " images were issues for Romney when he first ran for the GOP presidential nomination four years ago . This time around , Romney has been more casual , often shedding the suit for a less buttoned-up look . But he was attacked earlier in this primary season by rival Republican candidates , including Newt Gingrich and Rick Santorum , over his wealth . According to a CNN/ORC International poll released two weeks ago , Republicans nationwide said that Santorum cares more about average Americans than Romney by 47 % to 34 % . On the campaign trail , Romney talks bluntly about his financial status , saying , "  I 've been very successful and I 'm not going to apologize for that . " And GOP strategist Ana Navarro says the worst thing Romney can do is be insincere . "  The worst thing Romney can do is pretend to be what he 's not . We all know he 's a wealthy man . He 's a successful man . He 's made his money . He does n't need to apologize about it and the best he can do is embrace it , accept it , and not be awkward about it , " Navarro told CNN . "  It 's part of a package deal and -- let 's face it -- we live in America . In America , being successful and being wealthy is a good thing , not something we resent , " she added . Another GOP strategist said Romney 's success should be admired . "  The fact of the matter today , though , is that the American people are hurting . They 're worried about their financial future , they 're worried about their kids ' financial future , and they look at Mitt Romney , who is a self-made guy and very successful , very successful over a number of different enterprises , and I think he 's the kind of guy that the American people can look at and say we need this kind of success as a country , " said Gentry Collins , who served as political director for both the Republican National Committee and the Republican Governors Association and who ran Romney 's 2008 operations in Iowa , but who says he is neutral this cycle . Will photos of Romney on the beach , or at the La Jolla beach house , be used by the Democratic National Committee or the Obama re-election campaign ? Stay tuned . But Democrats are already making an issue of Romney 's wealth through his opposition to the so-called "  Buffett Rule , " a push by the president and congressional Democrats to get those making more than $ 1 million a year to pay a higher percentage of their income in federal income and payroll taxes than those who make less . The bill is named for billionaire investor Warren Buffett , who has argued that it 's unfair that he pays a lower tax rate than his secretary . The measure would require that millionaires pay at least 30 % of their income in taxes . The legislation is opposed by most Republicans , and the Obama re-election team is targeting Romney for his opposition . "  Romney supports tax policies that reward people like him , and now he 's just trying to obscure just how much he would benefit , " said Obama re-election campaign manager Jim Messina , in a conference call Monday . " ... Our message to Mitt is simple : If you do n't have anything to hide , release your taxes just like every other candidate for president . " CNN Senior Correspondent Joe Johns contributed to this report .	Romney spends Easter weekend at his beach house in La Jolla , California Will pictures showing him in the posh environment be a political liability ? His campaign staff says it does n't see a problem : He spent a weekend with his family GOP strategist : "  In America , being successful and being wealthy is a good thing "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Singer-songwriter Katy Perry will lend her "  distinctive talents , style and personality " to the virtual world of The Sims through an extensive collaboration with Electronic Arts , the computer game company said Tuesday . "  I always like to think of myself as a cartoon , and now I 'm a Sim , " Perry said in the news release announcing the deal . Perry has been a Sims fan for several years , Electronic Arts Worldwide Executive of Music Steve Schnur said . "  No performer could better represent the humor and fun of The Sims brand , " Schnur said . Perry 's hit "  Hot and Cold , " featured in The Sims 2 series , is the most popular Simlish music video , he said . "  The Sims Studio plans to develop multiple games within The Sims franchise featuring special Katy Perry themed in-game content and virtual goods , " the company said . "  The relationship kicks off with a special collector 's edition for The Sims 3 Showtime , launching in March 2012 . Katy Perry will also be featured in all-new advertising and marketing campaigns for the brand . " Perry will help design Sims game accessories , clothing , hairstyles , furniture and props "  that truly celebrate the imagination that she brings to her performances , music videos and life , " the company said . She will also be featured in TV ads , online and retail marketing for Sims products , it said . "  I love how you 're able to play out different stories through your Sims characters -- giving them different careers and watching them succeed , " Perry said . "  It 's cool to see the Sims ' stage performances in The Sims 3 Showtime decked out just like my California Dreams Tour -- even my cotton candy video screens are in there . "	"  I always like to think of myself as a cartoon , and now I 'm a Sim , " Perry says "  No performer could better represent the humor and fun of The Sims brand , " exec says Perry will help design Sims game accessories , clothing , hairstyles , furniture and props Sims TV ads , online and retail marketing will feature the singer
CNN  -- Actor and director Mel Gibson appears to be at it again . This time the issue is not a tirade berating Jews and women in front of police officers . Instead , it 's an outrageous message that was apparently left on his girlfriend 's answering machine and likely was never supposed to come under public scrutiny . The despicable message ended with the voice of someone purported to be Gibson telling his girlfriend that her dress was so provocative , she was likely to be "  gang-raped by a bunch of n ***** s. " The audio recording , one of several , appeared on the website RadarOnline .  CNN can not independently confirm the authenticity of the tapes . Let 's set aside for the moment whatever Gibson 's psychological issues may be . Of even more concern are what such "  behind the scenes " remarks can tell us about ourselves and our culture . Americans , so anxious to believe that we have entered into a "  post-racial era , " tend to ignore the one element needed to corroborate such a conclusion : a lack of racial animus . Clearly over the last 40 years , our laws have greatly mitigated once commonplace displays of racism . It is rare that the N-word gets dropped publicly in a racially charged situation ; again Gibson 's conversation was meant to be private . In America 's institutions , where there is great awareness of the legal implications , overt forms of discrimination are far less frequently seen than before . The country has made real progress . But it would be naive to imagine that racism has disappeared with the ascent of an African-American to the White House . The reality is that racism is very alive today . It has simply morphed into a more dangerous , odious and insidious form . In fact , 21st-century American racism looks and sounds precisely like the alleged Mel Gibson recording . Once upon a time a man with such evident racial prejudices would probably have owned slaves and used racial epithets publicly , with complete impunity . Moved by a combination of fear of legal action , political correctness and pure cowardice , the prejudiced have gone behind closed doors . In place of public promulgations and actions that would clearly identify someone like Gibson as the person he really is , a man like this conveys his innermost beliefs to his girlfriend . Instead of negative sentiments about African-Americans being expressed directly to a black man 's face , they 're expressed in private and taught to children , family and others who can be influenced to hate . This 21st-century form of racism is running rampant in our society and it is more difficult to combat than its 20th-century cousin . By day , the prejudiced cordially converse and interact with people of all backgrounds and ethnicities . But by night , they espouse racial hatred in closeted , private circles . In the past there was something liberating in at least being able to identify those who were the real racists . Please do not misunderstand . I am not longing for a return to the days of old America when African-Americans like Emmett Till died because they looked at another person on the street . However , today there are many of us who might rather have someone call us the N-word out loud than have them smile in our faces . So what am I looking for ? First , an acknowledgement that racism is still all around us . We can not fight a problem that we do not even believe exists . Second , and even more importantly , we must quickly acknowledge the modern era of race relations in America and build a new , comprehensive set of strategies and approaches to combat this different manifestation of prejudice . There are many in the military who acknowledge that the tactics used for 20th-century warfare are not effective against the threats in this century . Conventional weaponry can not succeed against determined terrorists who successfully melt into the civilian population . By analogy , we need to understand the profound metamorphosis of American racism and construct new "  weaponry " to combat it . This reality has practical and policy implications . Just as we must convince people in Afghanistan of the virtues of a free society to stanch the spread of terrorism , we must focus on convincing the next generation of Americans that diversity is a great asset to be embraced , not a liability to be feared . Open discussions and dialogues about race are required . They must be built more frequently into the curriculums of our schools and promoted by reasonable minds and organizations . Leveraging the incredible strength of our nation 's diversity -- or failing to do so -- will not only have implications for our social justice and peace internally , it will also be the single most important element defining the United States ' global stature . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Blair Taylor .	Blair Taylor says in recordings released , Mel Gibson purportedly had racially offensive tirade The recordings , he says , should alert us to 21st century 's sub rosa racial hostility in U.S. Laws , societal pressure may have damped open racism , but it persists privately , he says Taylor : Society must push back aggressively at racism by educating next generation
EW.com  -- Since everything about "  Les Misérables " is fortissimo -- including but not limited to its unabashed pursuit of awards that are shiny or globular or both -- you have perhaps already heard a little about the movie now storming the Bastille of your wallet . You may already know that to make his movie adaptation of the internationally popular theatrical musical conjured from the 19th-century political novel by Victor Hugo , director Tom Hooper  "  The King 's Speech "  bade his actors sing live during filming . You probably already know that Anne Hathaway , as the wretched single mother-turned-prostitute Fantine , is reputedly a formidable Oscar favorite for her sobbing and warbling and haircutting-in-real-time . You 've learned , from posters and trailers , that Hugh Jackman , as former convict Jean Valjean , looks impressively stricken and that Russell Crowe , as implacable police inspector Javert , looks disconcertingly dyspeptic . What 's left to learn is this : "  Les Misérables " provides compelling reasons for Crowe to be peeved , beginning with the humiliation of having to sing Broadway-style , when it clearly is so not his thing , and ending with the Cap'n Crunch wardrobe into which the gentleman is packed .  O , for Crowe 's costumed glory days in "  Master and Commander : The Far Side of the World ! " Jackman has a right to be cranky too , although he 's too much of a trouper to show it as he overemotes on demand and sings of finding God after he steals a pair of candlesticks from a nice priest .  Long story .  Hathaway looks happy enough channeling Liza Minnelli for her tremulous rendition of the Susan Boyle-appropriated anthem " I Dreamed a Dream , " but that 's no doubt because she knows that soon after the song , she 's pretty much done for the night . Ricky Gervais ' ` Derek ' trailer posted Shall I go on about all the ways in which this fake-opulent "  Les Miz " made me long for guillotines while millions of viewers who have softer , more generous hearts than I may swoon with money 's - worth contentment ?  At least it does n't skimp on length : The movie is approximately as long as the 1832 Paris uprising it depicts . Sacha Baron Cohen and Helena Bonham Carter mug and prance as the comic-relief grifters Thénardier and his missus , outfitted in what has become de rigueur for both BCs -- Pétrouchka makeup and prosthetically grungy teeth . Amanda Seyfried and Eddie Redmayne play the young lovers Cosette  Fantine 's muppet daughter , raised by Valjean  and the boy-band-styled student revolutionary Marius like lab rats , their pale faces and lashless eyelids often observed in the merciless close-up that is one of Hooper 's mix-it-up signature shots .  He is similarly devoted to tilted perspective and the room-at-a-45-degree-angle shot . ` Hobbit ' at No. 1 for second week : $ 36.7 M It 's a daunting challenge , to be sure , to turn a big musical into a viable movie . For every great "  Cabaret , " "  My Fair Lady , " and "  The King and I , " there 's a dud "  Rent , " "  Evita , " and "  Mamma Mia ! " But this steam-driven military weapon of an enterprise is a sobering reminder of just how tinny a musical "  Les Misérables " was in the first place -- the listless music and lyrics by Alain Boubil , Claude-Michel Schönberg , and Herbert Kretzmer , the derivative characters fashioned from "  Oliver ! " scraps . And even if you do come to Mr. Hooper 's neighborhood loving the show , having seen seven stage productions and named your cat Gavroche after the urchin who hitches his fate to those of grown-up revolutionaries , well , you 're in for a gobsmacking : This " prestige " production is at heart a minor road-show carnival , leaving behind little but tinsel as it rumbles through the streets of Awardstown . C See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	This " prestige " production is at heart a minor road-show carnival Sacha Baron Cohen and Helena Bonham Carter mug and prance as comic-relief grifters Amanda Seyfried and Eddie Redmayne play young lovers Cosette and Marius
CNN  -- Traveling in a plane soaring 2,400 meters above the ocean when the door in front of you suddenly swings open , is many things : terrifying , disturbing , dramatic . For former New Zealand Prime Minister Helen Clark , it was also "  a bit annoying . " If it seems like the understatement of the century , then that 's because you get the impression there is n't much that rattles the 63-year-old , who is now the third most powerful person at the United Nations . Back in 2005 , the then-prime minister was flying along the south west coast of New Zealand when her six-seater plane hit turbulence , forcing the door to swing open . After some scrambling the rogue door was closed , and Clark -- today the Administrator of the United Nations Development Program -- landed safely , though with a badly bruised elbow . That was the "  annoying " bit , she said . Eight years later , securely seated in the United Nations office in New York , one of the longest serving female prime ministers of all time says "  nothing " scares her . Well , apart from a few extreme sports . "  I think I 've conquered fear , " she said . "  Except I 'm not going into a parachute jump . I do n't want to go into a bungee jump -- wonderful revenue earner for New Zealand tourism that it is . And I do n't want to do a deep sea dive , " she said . "  So there 's three things off my list but I 'll try almost anything else . " Small country , big ambition Almost a decade before German Chancellor Angela Merkel was toasting a third consecutive term in office , Clark was on the other side of the world celebrating her own successful third election . Clark , the leader of the New Zealand Labour Party , led the country for nine years , from 1999 to 2008 . That 's just two years less than British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher . And six years longer than recently ousted Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard . Since leaving politics and joining the United Nations in 2009 , Clark 's international profile has continued to grow -- this year Forbes ' ranked her as the 21st most powerful woman in the world . "  I could not have credibly done this job -LSB- at the United Nations -RSB- if I had not had the experience of leading a small country , " she said of New Zealand , which has a population of around 4 million . "  There 's no greater accountability than having to face your own electors every three years . So I like to think this has been a preparation for this position now . " Women of the world Clark is also the first female to head the United Nations Development Program , overseeing 8,000 staff in 177 countries , and an annual budget of $ 5.8 billion . Her vision is a big one : "  Eradication of poverty and tackling exclusion and inequality in our world -- and doing it in a sustainable way . " Where does one start with such an immense goal ? For Clark , part of the answer lies in the empowerment of women . "  If you ca n't inherit the family property , if you ca n't borrow money , if you ca n't hold title to land or a rental title because you 're a woman -- this is n't fair , " she said . "  Oftentimes attitudes towards women can be the tremendous unseen barriers -- people do n't see a woman doing certain jobs . I 've had a lot of experience of crashing my head through glass ceilings so I know it can be done , but it 's not something you do by yourself . You have to build support networks . " Force of nature Growing up on a farm in New Zealand , Clark learned to be self-reliant from a young age -- a trait she 's held throughout her career . "  We slaughtered our own meat , we grew our own vegetables . I think I come from generations of extremely resilient people who tend to survive through thick and thin , " she said . To illustrate her point , Clark recalls meeting another head of state on the steps of New Zealand parliament one day : "  I had the keys in my hand and I said ` come along with me . ' I unlocked the door to the private lift and took him up . He was astonished . Where was the army of functionaries who were opening the door pressing the lift button ? " When her party suffered a devastating defeat at the 1990 elections , Clark was down , but not out . "  I became well known in New Zealand for saying ` let 's move on , ' " she said . "  Another door will open if you look for it . " And while leading the United Nations Development Program has been one of her greatest achievements , it has come with sacrifices , such as working on the other side of the world from husband Peter Davis . "  I do n't necessarily want to be remembered as the most popular girl on the block , " she said . "  I want to be remembered as the girl who made a difference . "	Helen Clark opens up about being third most powerful person at U.N. Former NZ Prime Minister now head of U.N. Development Program First female to hold position at U.N. , ranked 21 on Forbes list of powerful women
CNN  -- Amid growing outrage over civilian casualties in Syria , there are ever more urgent calls to aid -- or at least protect -- the uprising against President Bashar al-Assad . There is renewed talk of creating safe havens and humanitarian corridors inside the country . And those demanding tougher measures are again asking why events in Syria should not prompt Libyan-style intervention by NATO and its Arab allies . In Washington Tuesday , Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , said the United States "  should consider all options , including arming the opposition . The blood-letting has got to stop . " So far , the international community 's response to the violence in Syria has been limited . There has been diplomatic censure , with envoys withdrawn or "  recalled for consultations , " and Syrian ambassadors expelled from several Arab states . A growing raft of sanctions is draining the Syrian regime 's coffers but only gradually sapping its strength . This is not a country that has relied on international trade for its survival . An Arab League monitoring mission is in abeyance , after a much criticized few weeks on the ground that drew ridicule even from within its own ranks and fury  for its perceived complacency  from protesters . And back in November , France floated the idea of humanitarian corridors that would be protected by armed observers -- while ruling out military intervention . So far the idea has not gained traction . None of this amounts to the sort of pressure that will make the al-Assad regime buckle , especially when it perceives as divided both internal opposition and the international community . Compare the situation to that in Libya -- almost a year ago . As then-Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi was about to unleash his forces on the rebel stronghold of Benghazi , the world came together in the shape of the U.N. Security Council to authorize international intervention and prevent a bloodbath . The French and British were prime movers behind U.N. Security Council Resolution 1973 ; the United States an enthusiastic supporter . Russia abstained , but at the time its ambassador noted that many questions remained "  unanswered , including how it would be enforced and by whom , and what the limits of engagement would be . " Russian later complained that a humanitarian mandate had become a blank check in support of the rebels . Perhaps in part because of the bad blood over Libya , the world body has reached no similar consensus over Syria . Rather , the opposite , with some of the harshest diplomatic language traded for years . To the United States , the vetoes were a "  travesty . " German ambassador Peter Wittig essentially said that Moscow and Beijing had Syrian blood on their hands . "  China and Russia will now have to assume that responsibility in the face of the international public opinion and especially in the Arab world , the Arab citizens and , of course , in face of the Syrian people , " Wittig said . Beyond the rhetoric , the vetoes had a more practical consequence . NATO officials have made it clear that the alliance can not act , by enforcing a no-fly zone for example , without U.N. support . Writer Derek Flood , recently in Syria with elements of the Free Syrian Army , says NATO officials envision no role for the alliance in Syria this year . But they have not ruled out a "  coalition of the willing " outside the NATO orbit . Both Russia and China are wary of any international action supporting protest against authoritarian rule . And Syria has been first the Soviet Union 's -- and now Russia 's -- key ally in the region after Egypt ` defected ' in the 1970s . As it has for decades , Russia still supplies the Syrian government with weapons . One Russian analyst , Ruslan Pukhov , told CNN : "  Once the Assad regime vanishes , we have zero influence in the region . " According to Andrew Tabler of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , al-Assad has ably judged the "  diplomatic red lines " to keep Moscow onside . There have been no massacres on the scale of what happened in Hama 30 years ago  when thousands were killed after a brief uprising against his father 's rule  that might have forced Russia into a corner . The persistent drip of civilian casualties over almost a year has not unleashed a tide of irresistible outrage . Last weekend 's casualties in Homs , which opposition activists said numbered in the hundreds , may have changed that . But what can be done ? In Bosnia , the international community declared "  safe havens " for Muslims but failed to protect them . The result in July 1995 was Srebrenica , the worst massacre in Europe since 1945 , when some 8,000 Bosnian Muslim civilians were killed by Serb forces . Havens are only safe when protected against superior forces . Others support Sen. John McCain in arguing for arming the fledgling Free Syrian Army . Anne-Marie Slaughter , professor of politics and international affairs at Princeton University , told CNN that is "  the most likely -LSB- option -RSB- , that the Arab League countries , Turkey and probably NATO as well arms the Free Syrian Army , gives them the means to fight back . "  But then you 've got a long and bloody civil war , " Slaughter says -- reminiscent of Bosnia . Analysts say that even setting aside the lack of international will , successful intervention in Syria would pose problems not present in Libya : Geography : Most regime targets in Libya were close to the Mediterranean coast and within easy reach of NATO air bases in Italy . Even so , NATO warplanes flew some 21,000 missions over nearly six months to enforce the no-fly zone , suppress air defenses and destroy command centers and armor . Military analysts say that , while no match for the best NATO members could summon , Syrian armed forces are better equipped and coordinated than anything Gadhafi could muster . Neighboring states : Few of Syria 's neighbors would likely allow their territory to be used to pre-position supplies or military units . Certainly neither Iraq nor Lebanon , both countries with their own volatile sectarian mixes . The Hezbollah militia , strongly allied with Syria , remains powerful within Lebanon . The presence of foreign troops on Jordanian soil might have repercussions for a monarchy that already has plenty of problems domestically . Using Israeli territory would send the wrong message altogether . That leaves Turkey , a NATO member that has run out of patience with al-Assad . Last month , the Turkish foreign minister compared the Syrian president with former Serbian leader Slobodan Milosevic , and on Tuesday Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan warned al-Assad -- pointedly in Arabic -- "  What goes around , comes around . " Turkey has military bases  Incirlik , Diyarbakir  close to the border that -- theoretically -- could serve as staging posts for intervention . But even for the Turks , there would be risks -- including a flood of refugees and possible retaliation by Damascus supporting the Kurdish terrorist group active in Turkey , the PKK . Topography : Libya was flat desert ; there was little cover for regime forces and most of the fighting was along a narrow coastal strip . "  Target acquisition " was relatively simple . Syria 's physical geography is more challenging ; and much of its northern border with Turkey and Lebanon is mountainous , with few major roads . Getting aid into any safe havens within Syria would be a logistical nightmare . The opposition : The Libyan rebels , for all their military shortcomings , quickly grabbed a swathe of eastern Libya and major air and seaports in Benghazi and Tobruk that became their resupply hubs . The Free Syrian Army  FSA  , at best , controls a few neighborhoods in Homs and elsewhere . ` The FSA has established very small slices of liberated territory , " says Derek Flood , who has just left Idlib province close to the Turkish border . He says the FSA is poorly armed ; he was told the price of weapons on the black market has soared , "  with a used AK-47 fetching as much as $ 2,000 - $ 3,000 . " Flood says the FSA in that area wants a 5 kilometer buffer zone inside Syria to provide protection from regime forces . Crucially , the regime retains control of Syria 's frontiers , and its armed forces appear cohesive , according to analysts in the region . There have been military defections , mainly of low-rank conscripts , but not of entire units with their armor . Against all this and the political risks of western military action in yet another Muslim country , some argue there is a moral imperative -- as there was in Libya and Kosovo  done  , Rwanda  ignored  and Bosnia  eventually . Writing last month in The Atlantic , Steven Cook argued : "  If there is no intervention and political will to stop Assad 's crimes remains absent , the world will once again have to answer for standing on the sidelines of a mass murder . " Cook -- a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations -- asked : "  At what point in the body count is international intervention deemed to be an acceptably worthwhile option that can have a positive effect on the situation ? After Assad has killed 6,000 people ? 7,000 ? 10,000 ? 20,000 ? " Scholar Fouad Ajami agrees , telling CNN 's Anderson Cooper : "  Not just the Russians and Chinese , shame to the rest of us . There 's abdication elsewhere , by the Turks nearby , abdication by the Arab League and Washington . Washington spent an enormous amount of time chasing after the false mirage -LSB- that -RSB- maybe we can get the Russians and Chinese on board . " Some also argue that , despite the price , there would also eventually be a strategic gain : a post-al-Assad Syria would unlikely be as close to Iran as is the current regime and might also deprive Hezbollah of critical regional support . Others see the risks of international intervention as outweighing any benefits , with the danger that civil war would inevitably spill into Lebanon . In an interview with CNN 's Wolf Blitzer Tuesday , U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Susan Rice preferred tighter and more coordinated sanctions , saying that "  our strong preference is not to fuel what has the potential to become a full-blown civil war " by arming the opposition . Diplomats expect a new "  contact group " on Syria to involve at least the United States , France , the Arab League and Turkey . "  We think that the Assad regime is on its last legs , that the pressure is increasing , the economy is crumbling , " Rice said . Syrians may already be discounting direct intervention by the West . In one YouTube video uploaded Tuesday from Homs , a doctor pleads for help from abroad . But he directs his message to the leaders of Turkey , Qatar and Saudi Arabia .	The United Nations ' response to violence in Syria differs from its response in Libya Geman ambassador : Blood on hands of China , Russia Al-Assad has ably judged the "  diplomatic red lines " to keep Moscow on its side , says Tabler
CNN  -- A legal fight is under way in Pennsylvania that could decide if the socially conservative state legalizes same-sex marriage . A county clerk in suburban Philadelphia has given nearly 100 same-sex couples marriage licenses , even though the state bans same-sex marriage . D. Bruce Hanes , the elected register of wills in Montgomery County , has been doing this for about a month , and the state Department of Health is now taking him to court to try to make him stop . The case could lead to a reversal of the state 's version of the federal Defense of Marriage Act , or DOMA , if a judge were to side with Hanes in finding that the ban on same-sex marriage contradicts the state 's constitution . In June , in the case U.S. v. Windsor , the U.S. Supreme Court struck down a key part of DOMA , which defined marriage as only between a man and a woman . Hanes told CNN that about four weeks ago , he was approached by a lesbian couple wanting a marriage license . Instead of immediately saying "  no , " Hanes and his solicitor reviewed the state 's constitution and decided that language about civil rights , happiness and liberty applied to same-sex couples who want to get married . "  We 've either got to change the constitution -- permit discrimination on the basis of sex , permit civil rights to be frustrated -- or change the interpretation of that marriage act or change the marriage act . You ca n't have it both ways , " he said . Hanes has received dozens of thank-you cards , and his office benches are filling up with same-sex couples driving from across the state to get marriage licenses . But not everyone is on board . The state filed a petition to make him stop , citing a law passed by the state legislature in 1996 that defines marriage as "  between one man and one woman . " At least one lawmaker says Hanes has gone rogue . "  He 's a lowly elected official in a county office who is not elected to set policy , but to administer the law as it 's been passed , " state lawmaker Daryl Metcalfe , a Republican , said Friday . "  For a man to start violating the law as he has and commit such a lawless act should be offensive to everyone , no matter what side of the issue you 're on . " Metcalfe says he believes the marriage licenses are invalid . "  It does n't matter how many licenses he issues , they 're not worth the paper he 's printing them on , " he said . He also said he 's drafting legislation to have the state 's attorney general , Kathleen Kane , impeached because she said she believed she could n't defend the state 's version of DOMA . His legislation will be introduced when the state legislature returns in September . Metcalfe is also calling for Hanes to be impeached and says he 's gotten a lot of support . The petition filed by the Department of Health states that Hanes is in "  direct defiance " of that law and that he "  risks causing serious and limitless harm to the public . " Kane is not commenting on the case , since her office is n't handling the petition . But earlier this year , she said she came to the same conclusion as Hanes : The state 's version of DOMA conflicted with the state constitution . "  DOMA is wholly unconstitutional . It can not be fixed , " she said in early July when the American Civil Liberties Union sued Pennsylvania after the U.S. Supreme Court ruled on the Windsor case . Danny Cevallos , a prominent Pennsylvania civil and criminal attorney , says this is exactly the kind of case that could end up deciding the fate of same-sex marriage in the state . Laws , he said , are made this way all the time . "  The issue is going to be whether or not a reading of the constitution can be read to override the state law ban on marriages , " Cevallos said . "  The state Supreme Court in Pennsylvania could review this and strike down the state ban . " In the meantime , it 's unclear whether same-sex couples with marriage licenses in the state would qualify for benefits . But for now , Cevallos says , Pennsylvania has become the 14th state to have legal same-sex marriages . Hanes says he does n't see himself as a crusader -- just an elected official doing his job . "  In the ordinary course of business , two people are coming into my office , sitting on a bench , waiting to get a marriage license , and they 're getting those marriage licenses regardless of their gender , " he said . "  This is the way it ought to be , and that 's the way I would like it to be . " One thank-you note that arrived at his office reads , "  If possible I would like to have your autograph . " "  That 's interesting , " Hanes said . "  I have n't done that . "	A county clerk has given nearly 100 same-sex couples marriage licenses Pennsylvania has a ban on same-sex marriage The state Department of Health is taking him to court to try to make him stop The case could lead to a reversal of the state 's version of the Defense of Marriage Act
New DNA tests reveal Britain 's long-lost King Richard III was blue-eyed and likely blond-haired , but they also raise intriguing questions over whether he -- and other monarchs before and since -- should have been on the throne at all . Experts researching the case of the "  King in the car park " -- a set of remains dug up from beneath a parking lot in the central English city of Leicester in 2012 -- now say they are 99.999 % positive that the bones are those of Richard III , who died at the Battle of Bosworth in 1485 . Genetic specialist Turi King , from the University of Leicester , said analysis of various genetic markers offered tantalizing clues to Richard III 's appearance -- suggesting that he was not the dark-haired , steely-eyed monarch portrayed in well-known historical images . " -LSB- There are -RSB- genes that we know are involved in coding for hair and eye color ... The genetic evidence shows he had a 96 % probability of having blue eyes , and a 77 % probability of having blond hair , though this can darken with age . " While there are no contemporary portraits of Richard -- all known works post-date his death by at least 25 to 30 years , leaving the artists who painted them open to charges that they were influenced by propaganda -- the DNA findings suggest the arch-framed portrait of Richard , owned by the Society of Antiquaries of London , is the closest to his real appearance . King said the latest scientific evidence , combined with statistical analysis -- published in Nature Communications and funded by the Wellcome Trust and Leverhulme Trust -- provided "  overwhelming " proof of the skeleton 's identity : "  At its most conservative , it 's 99.999 % certain , " she explained . "  The likelihood ratio is 6.7 million to one that these are Richard 's remains . " Richard III 's bones reveal fatal blows But while detailed genetic testing and painstaking genealogical research helped confirm that one living relative on Richard 's female line , Michael Ibsen , was an exact match to his mitochondrial DNA , and found a second , previously unknown but near-perfect mitochondrial match in New Zealand-born Londoner Wendy Duldig , scientists were n't able to trace a living relative on the male line , using the Y chromosome . And that has raised an intriguing possibility : that neither he , nor many other monarchs , actually had a cast-iron claim to the throne . Genealogy expert Kevin Shürer said it had been relatively straightforward to trace potential living relatives of Richard III along the male line , since records of the peerage -- Britain 's "  nobility " -- made it simple to follow such families back century after century . But once five potential living relatives from the male line , linking Richard III to his predecessor Edward III  because Richard himself had no surviving children  and back down the generations via John of Gaunt  1340-1399  and Henry Somerset , the fifth Duke of Beaufort  1744-1803  , had been identified , things became more complicated . One of the five was quickly eliminated from the puzzle because his Y chromosome DNA did not match the other four , suggesting a relatively recent "  false paternity event , " and when King carried out checks on the Y chromosome DNA of the remaining four , she discovered there was no match there either , revealing at least one other case of "  false paternity " in the generations of fathers and sons leading back to Edward III . "  We ca n't tell you where that break is , because we simply do n't know -- it could be at any one of the 19 links in the chain between those two individuals , " Shürer said , adding that while each link in that chain was equally likely to be the one which was "  broken , " if the break occurred in the first few generations , around Richard III , it could bring various monarchs ' right to rule into question . "  There are some well-known and important people on that chain , " he said . "  You have two monarchs , Richard and Edward III ; if the break occurred on the Yorkist line ... then that might raise questions about the legitimacy of the Yorkists ' claim to the throne . "  The Lancastrian line comes through John of Gaunt 's side of the family ... so if the break were on that side , it raises questions about the legitimacy of the Lancastrian monarchs , and because there was a Tudor link to that line as well , also the Tudors . " But he said the Tudors also had another argument for their right to rule , since they "  took the throne by force , at the Battle of Bosworth . " And he was quick to point out that whatever the implications of the latest discovery , current monarch Queen Elizabeth II 's position was secure . "  We 're certainly not saying the House of Windsor has no legitimate claim to the throne , far from it , " Shürer explained . "  Royal succession does n't work like that . There is no linear succession line between Edward III and Elizabeth II . Yes , they are related , but the whole point of monarchy is that over several centuries it takes various twists and turns . "  Monarchy is about opportunity and chance as much as it is about bloodline . " Richard III 's taste for luxury revealed Scientists to sequence Richard III 's genome	DNA tests reveal long-lost King Richard III probably had blond hair , blue eyes Scientists 99.999 percent certain remains found in parking lot are those of monarch Experts say chances are 6.7 million to one that skeleton belongs to last Plantagenet king Attempts to trace male line through Y chromosome failed because of ` false paternity event '
London , England  CNN  -- British Defence Secretary Bob Ainsworth announced a public inquiry Wednesday into allegations that Iraqis were killed and abused after a firefight more than five years ago in the southern part of the country . The allegations center around the aftermath of a fight in May 2004 at the so-called Danny Boy checkpoint in Maysan Province . Former detainees and the family of a slain Iraqi contend at least 20 people were killed and others were abused at Camp Abu Naji after a fight between British soldiers and Iraqi insurgents . That claim has been denied by the UK Ministry of Defence -- which says the 20 people died in battle and people detained were not mistreated . The probe is called the Al Sweady inquiry -- named after the family of the dead Iraqi . Thayne Forbes -- who retired from the High Court Bench last year -- will chair the inquiry into allegations . The inquiry will look into allegations of "  unlawful killings " and the "  ill-treatment of five Iraqi nationals detained at Camp Abu Naji . " Even though the probe will focus on five detainees , attorneys claim nine people were detained and abused . The defense ministry disputes those allegations . "  We have found no credible evidence that those detained , as a result of the attack on British troops and the prolonged firefight at Danny Boy checkpoint , were mistreated , " the defense ministry said in a statement . The release of a photo published in British media and obtained by CNN about the incident shows an armed soldier standing near four people face down on the ground with their hands bound behind their backs and their faces covered . Attorneys for the men say they were beaten and evidence shows a breach of the Geneva Conventions prohibiting humiliating and degrading treatment of prisoners . But , the defence ministry disputes that . "  It is important to remember that our first priority at the end of such attacks is to protect our personnel from further threats , " the ministry said . CNN 's Atika Shubert and Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	UK to hold public inquiry into allegations Iraqis were killed and abused after firefight five years ago Allegations center around aftermath of firefight in 2004 at checkpoint in Maysan Province , southern Iraq Former detainees and family of a slain Iraqi say at least 20 people were killed and others were abused UK defense ministry says the 20 people died in battle and people detained were not mistreated
GONAIVES , Haiti  CNN  -- Four major storms have raked the desperately poor country of Haiti in the past month , leaving at least 341 people dead . A man carries drinking water through the flooded streets of Gonaives , Haiti , on Monday . Nine of the deaths were attributed to Fay , 79 to Gustav , 183 to Hanna and 70 to Ike , said Abel Nazaire , deputy head of Haiti 's Civil Protection Service . The country 's fragile infrastructure was overloaded after the storms and officials were concerned that the floodwaters could spread disease , Sophie Boutaud de la Combe , a spokeswoman for the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti , said Tuesday . Gonaives , on the west coast , is one of the hardest-hit cities . This week , Gonaives was knee-deep in filthy water and reachable only by water or air , with many of Haiti 's bridges destroyed and roads flooded . "  My home is destroyed . I have no place to live with my kids . Everything I had just washed away , " Roselene Josef told CNN . Watch desperate survivors in Gonaives " Another survivor said , "  The flood washed away everything . I could n't save anything . They should just move this city . Floods always destroy it . " Aid workers warned of a deepening humanitarian crisis as attempts to deliver aid were frustrated by logistical problems . The U.S. Navy 's USS Kearsarge arrived in the waters off Haiti on Monday to support the U.S. Agency for International Development 's efforts to assist after the devastation . The vessel will help move cargo and equipment between affected cities and will deliver relief supplies , said the U.S. Naval Forces Southern Command . But Monday , the Kearsarge was n't able to deliver anything to Gonaives , because the ship 's scout helicopters could n't find a suitable place for supplies to be unloaded , according to The Associated Press . A U.S. Coast Guard ship carrying 35 tons of relief supplies arrived Saturday in Gonaives . The U.S. cutter was preceded by a ship carrying U.N. relief supplies , including 19 tons of high-energy biscuits , 50,000 bottles of water and water purification tablets , which arrived Friday in Gonaives , said Myrta Kaulard of the United Nations ' World Food Program . CNN 's Karl Penhaul watched as U.N. troops handed out scant supplies of food and water to a long line of Haitians . The line became chaotic , with people fighting over supplies . Watch the devastation Penhaul found in Haiti " Hundreds of people had taken shelter in a school . They told Penhaul they had not received relief aid in a week . An official in Gonaives told the AP on Monday that nine people had died in shelters , including two children . It was not clear if they had died of starvation or some other cause , Daniel Dupiton of the region 's civil protection department told the AP . When floodwaters were at their highest , some residents camped out on their roofs , their clothing and blankets hung over the sides of buildings . Some people "  have lost really everything . ... These are not rich people , these are people who were really struggling -LSB- already -RSB- against high food prices , " Kaulard said . U.S. Navy Capt. Frank Ponds said he had flown over part of southern and northern Haiti . "  I saw towns that were completely flooded , " Ponds said . "  I saw infrastructure , such as bridge -LSB- s -RSB- and roads , totally wiped out . " The eye of Hurricane Ike never touched Haiti earlier this week , but the storm system did bring heavy rains and winds to Gonaives and other towns . Jean Pierre Guiteau , executive director for the Red Cross in Haiti , said 52 people were killed when a river burst its banks in the mountain town of Cabaret near the capital , Port-au-Prince . Another 21 bodies were pulled from sea at Fort-Liberté , Haiti , close to the border with the Dominican Republic . "  It 's a very grim picture , " Guiteau said Sunday . "  Things certainly are getting no better . " CNN 's Karl Penhaul contributed to this report . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Gonaives , Haiti , cut off from rest of country by flooded roads , washed-out bridges Some flood survivors say they have n't received aid in a week Logistical problems prompt aid workers to warn of deepening humanitarian crisis At least 341 people have died in four storms in Haiti
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Monstrosities , eyesores , nightmares of architecture -- call them what you like , ugly buildings are sadly all around us . Worst in Britain : The Bullring Shopping Centre in Birmingham was voted as the country 's ugliest building . And you can not simply define one category of hideous architecture . There is ugly , and then there is Ugly . The latter often open in controversial circumstances : There may be protests from local residents , and there can even be calls to knock them down . Yes , these are the world 's ugliest buildings . From the divisive Millennium Dome  02 Arena  in London , to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in Cleveland , and the incomplete Ryugyong Hotel in North Korea -- we have compiled a gallery of ten of the world 's ugliest buildings for your viewing displeasure . Although the buildings shown are scattered across the globe , they share several things in common . All of them had big budgets , most were attempts at creating contemporary or futuristic styling , and they have all divided opinion among local residents , architects , and the general public . • Click here to see photos of the world 's ugliest buildings " And these largely unpleasant buildings should not be treated as a joke . Sometimes the architecture can have a grave impact on the perception of a city or region . Birmingham , in the Midlands of the United Kingdom , for example , was recently voted the ugliest city in the country through a national poll . This came after the city 's Bullring Shopping Centre and the Birmingham Central Library were named as the number one and two ugliest buildings in the country . And far from it being a case of the rest of the country bashing the area , in a local poll some 40 percent of local residents agreed that their city was home to the single ugliest building in the country . Do you have any ugly buildings you would like to name and shame ? Let us know what you think of the buildings in our photo gallery and tell us some others that could make it by posting a comment in the Sound Off box below . We 'll publish the best .	The 02 Arena in London was the world 's ugliest building on the Forbes list Birmingham 's Bullring shopping Center was voted as Britain 's ugliest building North Korea 's Ryugyong Hotel has been criticized by many people
CNN  -- Four-year-old Jacob Spillers was trapped in mud so thick it was like freshly poured concrete . But the little trouper did n't panic as rescuers worked to free him from the mudslide that had swallowed most of his house and trapped his father and some other family members Saturday . "  He did n't cry . He did n't move . He just stood there and was a very composed little man , " Ed Hrivnak , a volunteer pilot for the Snohomish County Helicopter Rescue Team , told CNN on Tuesday . Jacob was upstairs when the mudslide swept through the house . His father and three half-siblings have yet to be found . Randy Fay , a helicopter rescue team coordinator for Snohomish County , on Wednesday recalled spotting the boy "  out in the middle of nowhere " not long after his crew first flew over the scene Saturday . "  We have no clue how he ended up there by himself , " Fay said . "  There were  no homes , no nothing . " Jacob 's dramatic rescue was recorded by a camera on the Snohomish rescue team 's helicopter . It was an uneasy save . The helicopter could n't set down on the uneven , sticky soil so it hovered a few feet above the ground . The rotors sucked up debris , chopping up insulation and spitting it all over the scene . Two men who lived nearby saw the child ; one managed to get to him , but no one could get any traction in what Fay described as "  a mushy slurry  that  once you got into it , there was no way to push yourself up . " By the time rescuers got to the boy , his pants had fallen to around his ankles . They came off entirely "  when we pulled him out of the mud , " Fay remembered . That left the boy "  shivering badly " wearing only his underwear and a sleeveless T-shirt , according to Fay . But at least he could get warm , and at least he was safe . And he was calm as he was passed up into the arms of crew chief Beau Beckner . "  That little guy was very brave , " Beckner wrote on the rescue team 's Facebook page . Another woman rescued that Saturday , Robin Youngblood , recalled talking to the boy and cradling him in a blanket . "  I said , ` Honey I 'm a grandma , I 'll take care of you until we figure this out , ' " she told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Wednesday . " ... I sang him songs , and I just tried to help him stay calm . " Jacob 's mother , Jonielle Spillers , is safe . She was at work during Saturday 's mudslide , which killed at least 16 people and destroyed much of two towns north of Seattle . Another eight bodies have been found but not recovered , officials said . As of Wednesday , a county official said that 90 people were officially missing or unaccounted for . Governor : Washington landslide toll likely to rise significantly	NEW : Rescuer : "  We have no clue how he ended up there by himself " NEW : A neighbor recalls cradling boy in blanket , singing to him after rescue Young Jacob , who was upstairs , was rescued ; search continues for his father , 3 half-siblings Rescue team 's crew chief said the boy was extremely brave under trying circumstances
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Russian supermodel Natalia Vodianova 's life has been a classic rags-to-riches fairytale , taking her from poverty in provincial Russia to a cosmopolitan life of wealth and aristocracy . Supermodel Natalia Vodianova was discovered in Moscow in a classic rags-to-riches tale . Her intelligence , poise and charm  as well as stunning features and long limbs  , have propelled her from anonymity to being one of the most recognizable and respected models in the fashion industry . Her success has earned her the nickname Supernova . Not content to grace the covers of glossy magazines and the catwalks of the world 's glamorous fashion capitals , Vodianova has also carved a role as a philanthropist . In 2005 she founded the Naked Heart Foundation , a charity that builds playgrounds for children across Russia . "  Giving back just feels so great and I always try to open each play park with myself being present for the children because it makes it more special for them . I go to very remote parts of Russia that are far from Moscow and it gives these children an extra message of love , " she told CNN . Vodianova was born on February 28 1982 in Nizhni Novgorod , the fourth largest city in Russia . She lived in a poor district of the city with her mother and two sisters , one of whom has cerebral palsy . Watch Natalia Vodianova take CNN on a tour of Moscow " The young Vodianova was regularly taken to the opera and the ballet by her grandparents . They offered some respite from the troubles at home and taught her the importance of manners . When Vodianova was 11 she began to help out on the family 's fruit stall , and at the age of 15 she had moved into her own apartment with her best friend . "  It was a lot of survival and a lot of struggling but overall we were a good team , " Vodianova told CNN . "  We worked really hard , all of us , and stood up for each other . My mum was amazing -- she lived for us . I appreciate what she has done for me and the way she raised me " In 1999 a Parisian model scout held an open casting in Nizhni Novgorod . Vodianova impressed him and he sent her to Paris to sign with Viva Models on the condition that she learn English within three months . Luckily for her she took his advice . A year later Vodianova would find herself settled in Paris and sitting at a dinner party in the Pompidou Center restaurant . It was there she met artistic , English aristocratic playboy the Honorable Justin Portman , third son of the late Viscount Edward Henry Berkeley Portman . See Natalia Vodianova 's life in front of the camera . " The Portman family is one of the wealthiest in Britain , owning over 100 acres of prime land in central London and 3000 acres in Herefordshire , as well as expansive properties in Antigua and Australia . The pair fell in love and after a quick civil wedding Vodianova gave birth to their first child , Lucas , in December 2001 , when she was still only 19 . Vodianova lost a huge amount of weight after the birth and just a few weeks later at the castings for Paris Fashion Week she was the clear favorite among the designers . She opened and closed the prestigious Yves Saint Laurent show , as well as 40 other runway bookings and landed a Gucci perfume campaign , shot by iconic fashion photographer Mario Testino . On September 1 2002 Vodianova and Portman were married again , this time in a ceremony at St Vladimir 's Cathedral in St Petersburg , followed by a lavish reception for 110 guests at the Palace of Catherine the Great . Over the next few years two more children followed . Her daughter Neva was born in March 2006 and another son , Viktor , was born in September 2007 . Vodianova still found time to walk the runway for the world 's great fashion houses , including Chanel , Givenchy , Versace , Balenciaga , Prada , Ralph Lauren , Christian Lacroix , Dolce & Gabbana , Gucci and her good friend Diane Von Furstenberg . She "  officially " retired from the catwalk after Valentino 's emotional final show , during the Spring/Summer 2008 season . Afterwards , Vodianova took Valentino for a well-deserved holiday to her much-loved city of Moscow . "  Moscow is the heart of my country so it gathers the best of what I love about my country - and I can find it all here in this place . I love the people , I love what I find here , I love being here and it 's sad that I do n't actually live here . It would be my dream " Vodianova told CNN . Following a brief return to the catwalk for Diane Von Furstenberg and Balenciaga at the end of 2008 the supermodel is now fronting campaigns for Calvin Klein and David Yurman jewelry . At the age of 27 Natalia Vodianova has achieved more than most people could ever dream of . She 's got age on her side , as well as beauty , fame and fortune , and yet she remains admirably grounded . "  The most important things to me are my children , my family and my husband . It 's really about people in general -- I really love people and I try to never say no if someone needs my help . "	Russian supermodel Natalia Vodianova grew up in a poor neighborhood Her charity , the "  Naked Heart Foundation , " builds playgrounds in Russia She is married to English aristocrat Justin Portman and has three children Vodianova now fronts campaigns for Calvin Klein and David Yurman jewelry
London  CNN  -- The attack on a soldier hacked to death on a London street has echoes of other plots on British soil in recent years . The victim of Wednesday 's attack in Woolwich was a serving soldier based at a nearby barracks , London police say , and the UK government is treating it as a suspected terrorist attack . In 2007 four men were imprisoned over a plot to kidnap and kill a British Muslim soldier on leave and behead him in a Birmingham garage . The group 's ringleader Parviz Khan intended to behead the soldier "  like a pig " and release footage of the killing on the internet . Khan was later imprisoned for life and must serve a minimum of 14 years before he will be considered for release . Three other men , Basiru Gassama , Mohammed Irfan , and Hamid Elasmar , were handed down sentences of between two and seven years for their roles in the plot . High Court judge Mr Justice Henriques said Khan 's aim was to deter any Muslim from joining the British army . "  So rampant are your views , so excitable your temperament , so persuasive your tongue and so imbued with energy are you , it 's quite impossible to predict when , if ever , it will be safe for you to be released into the public , " the Guardian quoted the judge as saying . "  It was a plot whose purpose was to undermine democratic government , to demoralize the British army and to destabilize recruitment , and to cause anguish to the then prime minister of the day and the loyal citizens of the country , " the judge said . Prosecutors said Khan hoped to kidnap the Muslim soldier in Birmingham 's Broad Street entertainment quarter with the help of drug dealers . This is not the only recent example of serving soldiers being the targets of terrorist attacks . Last month three British-born men were imprisoned for between four and nine years for preparing acts of terrorism . The men , who pleaded guilty had discussed targeting Royal Wootton Bassett , a town that became a focal point for parades by UK troops returning from service in Afghanistan . The judge , Mr. Justice Simon , said they had shown themselves to be "  committed fundamentalists " ready to kill . Muslim convert Richard Dart , a former BBC security guard , and co-defandant Imran Mahmood had discussed how to make explosives , with the western English town as a potential bombing target .	A serving British soldier is killed in London by two armed men In recent years previous Islamist plots have targeted British soldiers on home soil In separate case three men jailed in April had discussed targeting Wootton Bassett Western town is where soldiers are repatriated after returning from Afghanistan
CNN  -- India reached the final of the Cricket World Cup for the third time after beating fierce rivals and neighbors Pakistan by 29 runs in Mohali on Wednesday . Mahendra Singh Dhoni 's team will play fellow co-hosts Sri Lanka in Saturday 's final in Mumbai , with both teams seeking to win the 50-over tournament for the second occasion in the first all-Asia title match . The semifinal in Punjab province was Pakistan 's first match in India since the 2008 Mumbai terrorist attacks which further strained relations between the two sub-continent nations . Cricket fans in both countries abandoned work to watch the match on television and giant screens in stadiums , while respective prime ministers Manmohan Singh of India and Pakistan 's Syed Yousaf Raza Gilani attended the game in a show of diplomacy . When cricket means more than just a match Veteran batsman Sachin Tendulkar top-scored with a fortuitous 85 as India posted a total of 260-9 in their allotted overs , while Wahab Riaz claimed five wickets for Pakistan to give his team a reasonable total to chase . But India took vital wickets at regular intervals , as 1992 champions Pakistan were bowled out for 231 off the penultimate delivery with Misbah-ul-Haq top-scoring on 56 . The victory sparked scenes of jubilation among India fans in Mohali , CNN correspondent Mallika Kapur reported . "  The main roads are blocked by cars . People are sitting on top of them , beating drums and dancing on the roads . Men have taken their T-shirts off and are screaming and shouting . A really electric atmosphere ! " Kapur said . "  Some people are hanging out of car windows -- some are standing on top of cars and waving the Indian flag . " Pakistan prime minister in India for cricket diplomacy Tendulkar , who scored 98 when India beat Pakistan in the group stages of the 2003 tournament , survived a strong appeal for leg before wicket and was dropped four times before becoming the fifth man to fall with the total at 187 . The 37-year-old , the world 's highest run-scorer in both limited-overs and Test formats , hit 11 fours from 115 balls faced until he was finally caught by Pakistan captain Shahid Afridi to be the first of two wickets for Saeed Ajmal . It put him second behind Sri Lanka 's Tillakaratne Dilshan as the tournament 's leading scorer , with 464 from eight innings , and earned him the man-of-the-match award . "  It 's always memorable to play against Pakistan , and to be on the winning side five times against them is a memory I will always cherish , " he told AFP . "  But it was a brilliant effort in the field and by the bowlers today . When we batted we had to make sure we got a fighting total . I thought 310 or 315 would have been a good par score . Then the ball started stopping and spinning and something closer to 270 was par . " Riaz , playing just his 18th one-day international , had taken three of those first five wickets including dangerous big-hitter Yuvraj Singh for a first-ball duck immediately after he dismissed Virat Kohli  9  . The 25-year-old left-arm fast bowler was unable to get rid of Dhoni and claim a memorable hat-trick , but he later trapped the India skipper lbw for 25 and finished with career-best figures of 5-46 . Riaz also helped to run out tailend batsman Ashish Nehra as India scored only 60 runs in the final 10 overs . Pakistan made a solid start in reply with 44 on the board before Kamran Akmal fell to Zaheer Khan with the final ball of the ninth over , becoming the left-armer 's 18th wicket of the tournament . Akmal made a brisk 19 off 21 balls faced , while his fellow opener Mohammad Hafeez scored 43 from 59 before being second man out . At 102-2 the match was still in the balance , but spinner Yuvraj dismissed Asad Shafiq  30  and veteran batsman Younis Khan  13  to turn the tide in India 's favor . Umar Akmal tried to get Pakistan 's run-rate back to the required level with a quickfire 29 off 24 balls , including two sixes , but when he was bowled by Harbhajan Singh it left his team needing 119 runs from 16.5 overs . Misbah was the last man out , caught in the deep by Kohli off Zaheer , but his runs came off a pedestrian 76 deliveries and he was not able to force the pace until Pakistan 's victory bid became almost a lost cause . All the Indian bowlers ended with two wickets each , with Zaheer moving above New Zealand 's Tim Southee into second place in the overall standings behind Afridi , who has 21 in total for the tournament .	India to face co-hosts Sri Lanka in Cricket World Cup 's first all-Asia final Sachin Tendulkar top-scores with 85 as India beat Pakistan in semifinals in Mohali Home team score 260-9 from allotted 50 overs , while Pakistan all out for 231 Match was Pakistan 's first in India since the 2008 Mumbai terrorist attacks
Abidjan , Ivory Coast  CNN  -- The broadcast antennae for Ivory Coast 's state news agency was targeted Saturday night by youths loyal to President-elect Alassane Ouattara , according to his representative to South Africa . Patrice Mallet told CNN that Ouattara supporters attacked Radiodiffusion-Television-Ivoirienne  RTI  , calling it a "  tool " used by disputed President Laurent Gbagbo "  to spread hate and xenophobia . " Mallet also accused Gbagbo 's armed youth league , known as the Young Patriots , along with armed forces loyal to Gbagbo , of committing "  gross human rights violations " over the past week and a half during fighting that has left the commercial capital , Abidjan , in an increasingly lawless situation . People have been burned alive or gunned down in public because they are supporters of Ouattara , Mallet said . In November , both incumbent Gbagbo and challenger Ouattara claimed victory in the presidential election run-off . An independent electoral commission declared Ouattara the winner , but Gbagbo has refused to step aside . Mallet said other rights abuses include using heavy artillery and rocket-launched grenades against protesters , the destruction of mosques , denial of medical care for Ouattara loyalists and the use of rape and sexual assault as a tactic . Gbagbo is also tracking down Ouattara backers on social networks and chat rooms , Mallet said . The Young Patriots are run by Charles Ble Goude , Gbagbo 's minister of youth . On Friday , he called on Gbagbo supporters to impede the movement of United Nations forces around the country "  by any means . " There have also been clashes between Gbagbo and Ouattara supporters in the central cities , Yamoussoukro and Daoukro , in addition to ongoing fighting in Abidjan . But Ouattara loyalists have secured the border with Liberia to keep mercenaries out of the country , Mallet said . They have intercepted several groups trying to bring weapons -- including rocket launchers -- into the country , according to Mallet . Violence escalated sharply over the last week , after four African heads of state left Abidjan . They were given a mandate by the African Union to find a "  binding solution " to the post-election crisis in Ivory Coast . Ouattara is holed up in the Golf hotel in Abidjan under the protection of U.N. peacekeepers . CNN 's Christabelle Fombu contributed to this report	Broadcast antennae for state-run RTI attacked Ouattara representative says Gbagbo loyalists are committing "  human rights violations " Mallet : Gbagbo loyalists are raping and killing supporters of Ouattara Days of fighting have left Abidjan in an increasingly lawless situation
CNN  Remember the days when flying long distance meant at least nine guaranteed hours offline ? Of course you do n't , your brain is far too frazzled by constantly having to check Facebook and emails . According to new statistics released this week by air industry data cruncher Routehappy , flying without Wi-Fi access is becoming increasingly rare as more airlines connect their customers . This is good news for anyone who needs to Instagram their inflight meal or fabricate Twitter spats with imaginary passengers . Bad news for those who need to unjack themselves from the Matrix for long enough to watch a weepy movie and re-balance their blood-Smirnoff levels . According to Routehappy , there 's now a 24 % chance your international flight will have Wi-Fi access . On domestic U.S. flights the odds rise to 66 % -- a figure nearly triple what it was 18 months ago . Connection quality and speed are also improving , it reports . "  Wi-Fi is one of the most sought-after new amenities fliers want to access on their flights , and there has been significant investment by airlines since our last report , " says Routehappy CEO Robert Albert . "  Coverage is starting to be meaningful on flights worldwide , along with a wide variety of speeds , coverage availability and pricing models , including free of charge . " Internationally , Nordic airlines are leading the connectivity charge , with Icelandair and Norwegian both offering Wi-Fi on more than 80 % of their flights .  The number of flights this represents is n't specified . The next four -- Etihad Airways , Singapore Airlines , Lufthansa and Iberia -- currently only supply it to between 40-60 % of flights . Aeroflot , Emirates and Japan Airlines are in the 20-30 % range , while Qatar Airways , Thai Airways and Turkish Airlines score between 15 and 20 % . For U.S. airlines , Delta leads the game , offering Wi-Fi across more than 3,500 of its daily flights . Routehappy does n't offer any comparative statistics between U.S. and international operators .	There 's now a 24 % chance your international flight will have Wi-Fi access , according to Routehapp In the United States , the chance of catching a Wi-Fi-enabled flight has more than tripled in the past 18 months
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Pfc. Bradley Manning allegedly suggested to someone at the Kansas military prison where he is being held that WikiLeaks paid for the hundreds of thousands of leaked documents , according to a legal document filed in the Article 32 proceedings for Manning . This suggestion of payment for secrets could be a pivotal issue in the Manning case , and down the road in any potential effort by the government to prosecute WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange . The heavily censored legal document filed by the defense lawyer for espionage suspect Bradley Manning suggests the admission came up in conversation between Manning and an unidentified person at the military prison at Fort Leavenworth , Kansas . The existence of the document was first reported by Politico . "  He will testify that he explained the purpose of his visit and asked PFC Manning who he was and why he was at the JRCF  Joint Regional Correction Facility  , " the document says . The name and details were blacked out out in the document by the Army Criminal Court of Appeals before it was provided to CNN as the result of a Freedom of Information Request . "  PFC Manning allegedly responded with , ' I sold information to WikiLeaks , ' " according to the defense document . "  Shortly after this alleged statement , the guards realized that  name blacked out  should not have been in the pre-trial area , " the statement continues . But the claim seems to contradict a claim made by Manning to a hacker named Adrian Lamo . Manning confided in Lamo about his access to the classified documents . In an instant message exchange obtained by Wired Magazine , Manning wrote he could have made a lot of money selling the documents to Russia or China but rejected the idea because "  it belongs in the public domain , " and "  information should be free . " The document lists 48 possible witnesses , most of which were denied by the investigating officer overseeing this preliminary Article 32 hearing . The list seems to include President Obama , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and other high-ranking officials , but the names and much of the details are redacted . The defense criticized the investigating officer for refusing most of their witness requests and it appears the person who heard the alleged statement by Manning at Leavenworth did not appear at the hearing this week .	Pfc. Bradley Manning may have said Wikileaks paid him , according to legal document Unidentified person at Leavenworth prison says Manning told him , says document The existence of the document was first reported by Politico
Ever since Starbucks had the business acumen to make free WiFi as defining to its brand as "  grande frappucinos , " workers have delighted in leaving their offices in favor of brighter , more caffeinated workspaces . As the traditional office undergoes a global demise , hotels are starting to change their function to accommodate the new wave of mobile workers . "  We 're really trying to transform the way people think about hotels , " says Peggy Roe , Marriott International 's vice president of global operations services . "  We want people to think of Marriott as a place not just to come and sleep , but to work . " Earlier this year , Marriott started testing a new concept called Workspace on Demand . In 35 hotels throughout the U.S.  and one in Europe  , guests and non-guests alike can book small-scale meeting space for $ 50 an hour . "  Customers said that they were basically sneaking into the lobby to steal WiFi , or else were sitting in our parking lot and plugging in from their car . We say , ` we give you permission . Come in and sit in our lobby . ' " The last three months were an operational experiment , says Roe , one that was obviously successful . In the next two months , they will expand Workspace on Demand to six more locations in the U.S. , with an eye on their properties abroad . Read more : Tablets transform in-flight entertainment Marriott essentially offers little more than a table and a plug , but , says Roe , "  mostly people just want a basic space to work . They have n't asked for more than that . " Last month , Westin Hotels & Resorts launched Tangent , which is similarly aimed at a younger , more transient workforce . Their rooms , which are priced at $ 50 to $ 60 an hour , accommodate a smaller audience  four max  , and are a bit more tricked out . The focal point is media : scape , a worktable that lets multiple users drag and share documents from their person devices . There is a whiteboard area for brainstorming and even an Xbox . There is also a lounge area to help facilitate job interviews , a function that guests were previously performing in the hotel lobby . "  You 'd see a group of consultants hovering over a laptop , trying to prepare for a presentation , or else people had interviews , and the lobby was n't providing enough privacy for the topic they were discussing , " says Brian Povinelli , senior vice president and global brand leader at Westin and Meridien . Read more : What women want : Hotels look to cater for more female business travelers Westin saw an opportunity to accommodate not only their guests , but the wider community of rudderless workers , and launched Tangent in Boston and Arlington , Virginia , as well as in Munich , Germany . They plan to open 40 more in the U.S. by 2014 , and one in Bali is under construction . According to Westin 's research , 75 % of workers in the U.S. are on the move , meaning that for at least one day a week , they have no steady office . Worldwide , that number is 30 % , though growing quickly . The International Data Corporation  IDC  puts the number of mobile workers worldwide at 1.3 billion . "  From a corporate perspective , signing a five - to ten-year lease for an office building is a completely broken model , " notes Mark Gilbreath , the founder and CEO of LiquidSpace , a kind of matchmaking platform that links displaced workers with rent-by-the-hour offices . The surge of transient workers , he contends , is not merely a function of increased technology  though that has made it possible  , it is also something being driven by companies . "  Real estate is the second largest expense for most companies , and if you look inside the corporate campus , that desk you 're assumed to be at all day , you 're only at a third of the time . " In response , a growing number of companies have done away with assigned work spaces all together . Global consulting firm Accenture made business headlines last year when they abandoned permanent offices . LiquidSpace is partnered with Marriott , Westin and a number of real estate companies that want to earn a profit on underutilized office space . They are also partnered with big firms , such as Accenture , who use the LiquidSpace platform to allow employees to search for available desks internally . Read more : Business or pleasure ? Luxury hotels offer day-only rooms Thus far , Westin and Marriott are pioneers in adapting the hospitality market to meet the demands of the tomorrow 's workforce . However , Gilbreath reckons it 's only a matter of time before other brands catch up . "  Hotels implicitly are in the business of space ; they are extraordinarily efficient at providing space on demand . The next logical step is to broaden the brand as a place to work , not just a place to sleep . "	By some estimates , mobile workers number 1.3 billion globally Marriott is about to expand Workspace on Demand , a project aimed at accommodating the growing number of transient workers Westin launched a similar program , Tangent , which caters to individuals and small groups that need an impromptu meeting space Many companies have culled assigned office space in a bid to increase efficiency
CNN Student News  -- October 22 , 2014 A new report on teen driving suggests that experience may matter more than age when it comes to hitting the road . An American held for months in North Korea returns to U.S. soil . A near miss by a comet forces NASA satellites to hide behind Mars . And a Character Study reveals how an architect perseveres through blindness to design buildings for the disabled . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
Mental Floss  -- With South Carolina Governor Mark Sanford dominating the news , let 's look back at a five other so-called virtuous figures who became embroiled in sex scandals -- and this list just scratches the surface . Jim Bakker admitted to cheating on his wife Tammy Faye Bakker . 1 . Aimee Semple McPherson By the mid-1920s , evangelist McPherson was packing them in at her Angelus Temple in Los Angeles , preaching hope and warning against the sinful life . But in 1926 , she disappeared while swimming at a local beach . She turned up a month later with a fantastic story about being kidnapped and taken to Mexico . Unfortunately , the evidence said otherwise : It appeared Aimee had been shacked up with a married man . The evangelist was charged with perjury , but she stuck to her story and was eventually acquitted . Her popularity waned after the scandal , but you got ta hand it to her for chutzpah : instead of apologizing to her confused flock , McPherson bobbed her hair , bought some short skirts , and began dancing and drinking in public . 2 . Jim Bakker Simple people with a simple dream , Jim and Tammy Faye Bakker started out hosting a children 's religious puppet show . By the mid-1970s , however , the fabulous Bakker duo had become the toast of televangelism . They pulled in millions of dollars in contributions to their PTL  Praise the Lord  ministry , and even built a sort of fundamentalist Disneyland called Heritage USA in South Carolina . Mental Floss : Proposing the presidential way But Jim had a couple of dirty little secrets . He had paid a former church secretary named Jessica Hahn to keep quiet about a sexual encounter they had in 1980 . But when the scandal broke in 1987 , questions began to be raised about Bakker 's financial dealings . In 1989 , he was sentenced to 45 years in prison for fleecing his flock of $ 158 million . In the end he only served five , and moved forward with his life , eventually opening a new ministry in a restaurant in Branson , Missouri . Mental Floss : 10 great love affairs in history 3 . Jimmy Swaggart Swaggart was one of Jim Bakker 's fiercest critics when the Bakker scandal broke , telling an interviewer he himself had never even kissed a woman other than his wife . Maybe not . But the bombastic and fantastically successful television preacher -- and cousin to rock-and-roll legend Jerry Lee Lewis -- was doing something with that prostitute in a cheap New Orleans hotel room in early 1988 . Swaggart 's tearful , televised confession kept his $ 12-million-a-year , 10,000-employee religious empire together -- until he got caught with his pants down again . That 's right , Jimmy Swaggart was linked to  brace yourself !  another hooker in 1991 . A couple of lost lawsuits , an IRS tax lien , and that was the end of the line for Jimmy Swaggart . Well , not exactly . He 's still hurling rhetorical fire and brimstone on TV , radio and online , albeit on a much smaller scale . Mental Floss : 10 aphrodisiacs around the world 4 . Amrit Desai A onetime art student , Amrit Desai came to the United States from India in 1960 . He began giving yoga lessons on the side and ended up training several thousand people , who in turn became yoga instructors around the country . With his followers calling him "  guru dev , " or "  beloved teacher , " one of the things Desai taught at the yoga center he founded in Massachusetts in 1972 was that celibacy was spiritually mandatory for unmarried people . Desai even took a vow of celibacy himself in 1974 , despite being married with children . No wonder it was something of a shock  perhaps greatest to his wife  when in 1994 , the beloved teacher admitted to having affairs with three of his followers . The scandal forced Desai to resign his $ 150,000-a-year post . He eventually moved to Florida , but kept up the yoga . 5 . Paul R. Shanley In the 1970s , Shanley was known as "  the hippie priest " ; he was a Roman Catholic clergyman whose specialty was ministering to kids struggling with their sexual identity . By 2002 , however , Shanley was a central figure in the greatest scandal ever to hit the Catholic Church in the United States . Shanley was accused of molesting more than two dozen boys over a 35-year span . Subsequent investigations into other allegations in the Boston archdiocese resulted in the Church paying $ 85 million in 2003 to 552 people who claimed to have been abused by priests . It also triggered similar probes , and similar results , in other areas of the country . In 2005 , at the age of 74 , Shanley was sentenced to 12 to 15 years in prison . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Some famous virtuous figures have fallen after getting caught misbehaving Evangelist Aimee Semple McPherson allegedly shacked up with married man Preacher Jimmy Swaggart 's fortunes fell after being linked to prostitutes
New York  CNN  -- A cigarette smuggling scheme that cost New York state millions of dollars in sales tax revenue may have raised funds for militant groups , authorities said . Sixteen Palestinian men , some with ties to convicted terrorists , were indicted Thursday in the alleged scheme that spans New York , Maryland , Delaware , Virginia and New Jersey states . Investigators say they uncovered $ 55 million in illegal cigarette sales . Although it is unclear where the illicit proceeds ended up , similar schemes have funded organizations such as Hamas and Hezbollah , according to Ray Kelly , commissioner of the New York Police Department . "  This case started because we were being vigilant about terrorism , " Kelly said in a statement . "  We discovered that individuals who were on our radar for links to known terrorists were engaged in a massive raid on the New York Treasury in the form of cigarette tax avoidance . " One of the suspects had financial ties to Omar Abdel-Rahman , the blind cleric serving a life sentence for a conspiracy to blow up New York City landmarks . New York Attorney General Eric T. Schneiderman said authorities are still working to trace the "  astounding profits " generated by the scheme . A family affair Basel Ramadan , 42 , of Ocean City , Maryland , ran the operation , authorities said . With his brother , Samir Ramadan , 40 , they allegedly obtained cigarettes from a wholesaler in Virginia and smuggled the untaxed cartons to a storage facility in Delaware . The lucrative business of cigarette smuggling Adel Abuzahrieh , 42 , of Brooklyn , would allegedly drive from New York to the storage facility several times a week with tens of thousands of dollars in cash to be exchanged for untaxed cartons of cigarettes . The cigarettes were then distributed and sold . The state of New York lost more than $ 80 million in sales tax revenue , Schneiderman said . New York state imposes a tax of $ 4.35 per pack of cigarettes . New York City adds a tax of $ 1.50 per pack . In addition to lost revenue , officials were concerned about the suspects ' ties to convicted terrorists . Links to convicted terrorist ? "  The association of some of the suspects in this case to Ari Halberstam 's killer , the ` Blind Sheikh , ' and a top Hamas official concerned us gravely , " Kelly said . Authorities said one of the ring 's alleged distributors , Yousef Odeh , 52 , had strong financial ties to Abdel-Rahman , an Egyptian-born cleric known as the Blind Sheikh . "  Odeh also had a business selling baby formula . And one of his investors in the 1990s was Omar Abdel-Rahman , " Kelly said in a statement . Another alleged distributor , Muaffaq Askar , was closely connected to Pashid Baz , the Lebanese immigrant who fired on a car full of Hasidic students on the Brooklyn Bridge in 1994 , killing Halberstam . Baz referred to Askar as his "  Palestinian Uncle . " The 16 men arrested Wednesday were the Ramadan brothers , who were the alleged boss and treasurer of the enterprise , nine distributors , four resellers and one transporter . "  The proceeds from this alleged scheme can be used to fund a host of other criminal acts that threaten national security and public safety of Americans at home and abroad , " said James T. Hayes Jr. , special agent in charge of Homeland Security Investigations . Money stuffed in garbage bags Investigators said they seized three handguns from Basel Ramadan , as well as $ 1.4 million from his residence , some of which was stuffed into black plastic garbage bags . More than 20,000 cartons of cigarettes were also taken from defendants ' homes , cars and storage facilities in four states , authorities said . At least $ 200,000 in cash was seized from defendants in New York City alone , officials said . Each of the suspects was charged with enterprise corruption , as well as other criminal acts in connection to the alleged untaxed cigarette scheme . If found guilty , each faces eight to 25 years in prison .	Officials : The cigarette scheme cost New York state at least $ 80 million in sales tax revenue Suspects allegedly smuggled untaxed cigarettes across various states One suspect had links to a blind cleric serving life for plotting to blow up New York City landmarks
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- A child was killed and six other people were wounded on Thursday when security forces shot at protesters in Yemeni city of Taiz , a medical team said . Yemen 's Republican Guards started shooting and fired tear gas at demonstrators after they refused to disperse and end a march , witnesses said . The protesters railed against tough government actions against peaceful marchers and a failed assassination attempt on a senior opposition leader in Sanaa on Wednesday , witnesses said . Yemen has been wracked by widespread civil strife , country-wide demonstrations against the government and insurgent activity . The nation 's president , Ali Abdullah Saleh , is the object of the protesters , who want him to leave his position . Saleh is being treated in Saudi Arabia for wounds he received last month in a failed assassination attempt .	The demonstration took place in Taiz Guards fired at protesters after they failed to disperse , witnesses said Yemen has been enduring widespread civil strife
CNN  -- The Supreme Court on Monday took away some of the government 's power to tighten emission standards , but preserved the majority of its authority under federal law to regulate greenhouse gases . In a 5-4 decision , the justices affirmed conclusions by much of the scientific community that greenhouse gases blamed for global warming are pollutants . Although it concluded that the Environmental Protection Agency could not completely extend its regulatory authority for limiting the expansion or building of new facilities like power plants . The ruling , on a case seen as a major test of executive authority , gave both sides of the politically charged debate some reason to celebrate . But it also may have the longer term effect of extending legal fights for years . Many conservative groups have characterized President Barack Obama as misusing his power and ignoring the will of Congress . Industry has complained that the administration has used its power to include the development of power plants and other stationary infrastructure . Businesses worry any unchecked expansion of rules could someday apply to millions of other small carbon emitters -- schools , small businesses , and shopping malls . The court agreed to some extent . Justice Antonin Scalia said the "  EPA 's rewriting of the statute was impermissible . " But the court majority said the administration was not being hampered too greatly in the end , since EPA can still regulate all but 3 percent of the 86 percent of sources responsible for greenhouse gases . "  EPA is getting almost everything it wanted in this case , " said Scalia . The agency responded positively to the decision . "  Today is a good day for all supporters of clean air and public health and those concerned with creating a better environment for future generations , " it said in a statement . The government is now expected to continue pushing for authority over emissions from coal-fired plants . And the court 's action will not end what are expected to be further court fights between the administration and industry . Obama earlier this year announced new rules to extend carbon emission standards to larger trucks and buses . The White House said ongoing stalemates on Capitol Hill prompted him to act . Republicans in Congress and their allies have expressed similar concerns over discretionary executive branch changes and delays in implementing Obamacare reforms , a tepid federal response to recent state marijuana legalization , and a refusal to defend a law that did not recognize legally married same-sex couples for federal purposes . The high court last summer struck down that provision in the federal Defense of Marriage Act . The justices in 2007 agreed with EPA and many environmentalists that greenhouse gasses , including carbon dioxide , methane and nitrous oxide emissions , cause air pollution , but that case dealt with emissions from motor vehicles . Defining "  air pollutant " within the context of greenhouse gases and the ability of the EPA to exercise its regulatory authority absent what it says was a clear congressional mandate -- was the issue here . "  Today the U.S. Supreme Court delivered a stern rebuke to the President , " said Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott . "  It is a resounding defeat for those , like the President , who would use unelected bureaucracies to override the will of the people . " Texas and 16 other the states in the South and Midwest were among the parties whose cases were reviewed by the court . A coalition of 15 states backs the White House . Some progressive groups worry the conservative majority Supreme Court has been overly friendly to corporate interests in recent years . This is the second major environmental regulation case that will be heard this term . The justices earlier this year allowed the EPA to measure emissions from an upwind state that is polluting a downwind state , and requiring upwind states to pay for greenhouse gas reductions . Many business groups had hoped the conservative majority would limit the reach of government in this and a range of regulatory areas , which the Chamber of Commerce and others say is hurting the economy and stifling innovation .	Obama administration authority to tighten pollution standards limited EPA can not extend its complete authority on new or expanded power plants Industry had objected , saying new rules were a slippery slope But EPA does not see ruling as a negative , says it reaffirms its policies mostly
CNN  -- Sprint star Usain Bolt gave sports fans a taste of what to expect at the 2016 Rio Olympics when he won an exhibition race on Copacabana beach on Sunday . The six-time Olympic gold medalist was unable to break his record for the 150 meters distance , but still got his season off to a winning start in the Brazilian city . He won in a time of 14.42 seconds on a specially constructed track in hot conditions in front of a reported 3,000 spectators . "  It was my first sprint race , definitely a good start for the season , " Bolt said in quotes reported by his website . "  I 'm looking forward to coming down here in 2016 . " Bolt set the record for 150m in Manchester in 2009 when he clocked 14.35 . This time the Jamaican headed off fellow West Indian Daniel Bailey of Antigua  14.88  and third-placed Brazilian Bruno Barrios  14.91  . The distance is rarely run by top-level athletes , though in 1997 the previous year 's Olympic 100m champion Donovan Bailey of Canada took on 200/400 gold medalist Michael Johnson in an unofficial clash to determine the "  world 's fastest man " -- but the American pulled up short with a leg injury . Before Bolt set the record in 2009 , the previous best over 150m was the 14.80 recorded by Italy 's Moscow Olympics 200m champion Pietro Mennea in 1983 .	Usain Bolt wins exhibition race in Rio , which will host the 2016 Olympic Games Jamaican says he is happy with his opening sprint race of the new season He beats fellow Caribbean runner Daniel Bailey over the rarely-run distance
Qunu , South Africa  CNN  -- South Africans celebrated Nelson Mandela 's 94th birthday Wednesday by participating in good deeds nationwide to honor the legacy of the famous statesman . The frail icon has not appeared in public for years , but he is celebrated worldwide on his birthday for his role in reconciling a country torn apart by apartheid . In South Africa , citizens performed at least 67 minutes of public service on his birthday , a reference to the number of years he devoted to helping others . In Mandela 's childhood village of Qunu , relatives , including children and grandchildren , gathered to mark his birthday and perform community service at the local health centers . The family will get together for a meal that will include a champagne toast -- which the ailing Mandela can not partake in -- and his favorite dish of tripe , a meat delicacy . A life in pictures : Nelson Mandela at 94 A day before his birthday , former U.S. President Bill Clinton and his daughter , Chelsea , had lunch with Mandela in the small southeastern village where he grew up and spends most of his time . A quiet but smiling Mandela , wearing a beige cardigan in the cool temperatures , sat at the head of the table as he shared a meal with the Clintons on Tuesday . A picture of the two leaders walking down a dusty path with their arms around each other sat nearby . Clinton , whose presidential term coincided with Mandela 's , hailed him as a "  wonderful friend " and planted a tree in his honor during the visit . Bill Clinton on Nelson Mandela "  He did n't call me a single time , not once , when he did n't ask about Hillary  Clinton  and Chelsea , " Clinton said of their conversations during their time in office . "  If it was n't too late , he 'd ask me to go get Chelsea , bring her to the phone , ask about her homework . " Clinton said the anti-apartheid icon never lost touch with his humanity . "  I saw in him something that I try not to lose in myself , which is no matter how much responsibility you have , he remembered you were a person first , " he said . Musical tribute to Mandela In addition to public service , South Africans held various activities to honor a man credited with helping bring together a nation deeply divided by apartheid . About 14 million students sang "  Happy Birthday " in unison nationwide before they started their lessons . World leaders also paid tribute to his legacy . U.S. President Barack Obama and his wife , Michelle , described him as committed to democracy , saying his accomplishments changed South Africa and the world . "  Nelson Mandela 's personal story is one of unbreakable will , unwavering integrity , and abiding humility , " Obama said in a statement . " ... By any measure , Nelson Mandela has changed the arc of history , transforming his country , continent and the world . " Mandela , a Nobel peace laureate , spent 27 years in prison for fighting against oppression of minorities in South Africa . He became the nation 's first black president in 1994 , four years after he was freed from prison . Despite his rare appearances , Mandela retains his popularity and is considered a hero of democracy in the nation . The former president has not appeared in public since the 2010 World Cup held in South Africa . He spends his time resting and gets round-the-clock care after abdominal surgery this year and a bout with an acute respiratory infection the year before . The United Nations designated July 18 as Mandela Day in 2009 . CNN 's Robyn Curnow reported from Qunu and Faith Karimi from Atlanta	NEW : Family to celebrate his birthday with a champagne toast The frail anti-apartheid icon has not appeared in public for years However , he is celebrated worldwide especially on his birthday The United Nations designated July 18 as International Mandela Day three years ago
CNN  -- Florida prosecutors on Thursday revealed a list of reasons they 're seeking the death penalty against Casey Anthony , who is charged with killing her daughter , Caylee . Under Florida , law , prosecutors need to raise only one of 15 possible aggravating factors to support their decision to seek the death penalty . Assistant State Attorney Jeffrey Ashton cited five circumstances , according to a document obtained by CNN affiliate WESH and other Orlando , Florida , media outlets . In death penalty cases , jurors are asked to weigh aggravating circumstances that make a crime especially heinous against mitigating factors that favor mercy , such as a lack of prior offenses . Among the legal reasons cited : Caylee 's death occurred during aggravated child abuse , was especially "  heinous , atrocious , or cruel , " and was committed in a "  cold , calculated and premeditated manner without any pretense of moral or legal justification , " according to the document . Caylee was also under 12 years old , and Anthony "  stood in a position of familial or custodial authority over her , " the document states . Karen Levey , the court public information officer , could not confirm that Judge Belvin Perry Jr. received a copy of the notice . As of Thursday evening , defense attorney Jose Baez said he had not been served with the notice . In a hearing this week , Perry ordered the State Attorney 's Office to disclose the aggravating factors they intend to cite in a penalty phase if Anthony is convicted of premeditated murder . Anthony , 24 , is accused of killing 2-year-old Caylee , who disappeared in June 2008 . Her body was found that December in a vacant lot near her grandparents ' home in Orlando . Defense lawyers have said that prosecutors are seeking the death penalty to bankrupt the defense and prevent Anthony from having the attorney of her choice . The defense said that prosecutors had originally said they would not seek death in the case but reversed that position in March 2009 when they learned that Anthony had $ 205,000 for her defense . The bulk of the money came from ABC News for the licensing of photos and videos , Baez testified during a previous hearing . Anthony 's trial is scheduled to begin May 9 , 2011 .	Prosecutors cite five legal circumstances to support decision to seek death penalty Document : Death occurred during aggravated child abuse , was "  heinous , atrocious " Document : Caylee was under 12 , Anthony held position of custodial authority over her If Anthony is convicted of killing Caylee , jurors have to weigh aggravators against mitigators
CNN  -- Tuareg tribesman who reportedly fought for Moammar Gadhafi in Libya have returned to Mali with weapons , stoking violence and forcing thousands to flee , Mali 's president said . The development , announced by President Amadou Toumani Toure in a speech broadcast on state TV over the weekend , is perhaps the most-significant regional fallout to date from the end of former Libyan leader 's regime . The fighters returning from Libya have blended into the National Movement for Liberation of the Azawad  MNLA  and renamed northern Mali as the Azawad , the name of the region home to a majority of the Mali Tuareg . During the address , Toure blamed freshly-armed fighters returning from Libya for attacks on military patrols outside the northeastern town of Aguelhoc , which has become a flashpoint in the struggle between the military and the rebels . The military was "  unable to enter Aguelhoc where elements of Al Qaeda in Islamic Maghreb  AQIM  , a group of former fighters from Libya and a group of deserters from our army were well positioned , " Toure said , according to the state-run L'essor newspaper . "  The fighting was hard and we lost men , and equipment was destroyed . " The growing insurgency is also raising concerns in Washington , which sees the small , poor nation as an important ally against AQIM , the sub-Saharan al Qaeda group . "  The situation is unpredictable and instability could spread . Private citizens have not been targeted , but the MNLA has indicated via its websites that it intends to conduct military operations across northern Mali , " the U.S. State Department said as part of a new travel warning issued last week . State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland condemned the rebel attacks , saying Saturday that "  the United States is deeply concerned by continuing incidents of violence . " The influx of fighters returning from Libya has re-energized the Tuareg insurgency , which seeks to wrest control of three northern regions , according to the global intelligence firm Stratfor . "  Mali has experienced perhaps the most significant external repercussions from the downfall of the regime of Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi , " it said in a recent analysis . Gadhafi endeared himself to Malians by funding the construction of a popular mosque in the capital Bamako , and helped pay for a Malian government complex that remains under construction . He is also accused of backing the Tuaregs in Mali and Niger during the 1990s . So it came as no surprise that Malian Tuaregs willingly went to Libya to fight for Gadhafi as he fought to keep hold of the reigns of his regime which crumbled in August , Libya 's new government has said . After Gadhafi 's death in October , heavily armed Tuareg fighters began returning home and launching attacks on the Malian army , Mali 's government said . The nomadic Tuaregs , who are considered an indigenous tribe in the region , are spread across Mali , Libya , Algeria , Niger and Burkino Faso . In Mali , the Tuareg have long called for the creation of an independent state -- and have risen up against the Malian government a number of times since the 1960s . The latest uprising began to take root late last year but gained momentum in January when the rebels began attacking towns in northern Mali . The Malian army clashed with rebels in the Timbuktu region last week , killing 20 people , taking a dozen prisoners and seizing vehicles and weapons , according to the country 's defense ministry . It reported no casualties on the government side . But the rebels claim to have either attacked or seized at least six towns in recent weeks , including some in the Timbuktu region , according to its website . The claims appear to be supported by reports by the International Committee of the Red Cross that thousands have fled the region ahead of fighting . Malians have taken to the streets in the capital city of Bamako to protest the government response to the MNLA amid rumors that the army , not the rebels , initiated the latest fighting with attacks on the Tuareg , an allegation Toure and others say is false . The unrest has thrown Toure 's administration into turmoil . He sacked his defense and interior ministers last week , and quickly moved to meet with the wives of soldiers who were forced to flee their homes for refugee camps ahead of rebel attacks . Toure told the families at camps outside Bamako and neighboring Kati that Malian troops did not initiate the fighting in famine-stricken Tinzawaten , which became ground zero in the latest uprising . "  Our military did not go to the north to make war but rather to deliver supplies to our troops in Tinzawaten , " he told the wives , according to state-run media . It was after that that armed fighters attacked the towns of Menaka , Tessalit and Aguelhoc , he told the spouses , according to the report . "  There are many rumors . If we are not careful , we 'll fall into the hands of those who are attacking Mali and who want to oppose the government , " he said . Nearly 10,000 Malians and Nigerians have fled because of the fighting , the International Committee of the Red Cross reported last week . "  Some of the refugees have been cared for by  local  villagers , but space has been absorbed very quickly , " said Jurg Eglin who heads ICRC operations in Niger and Mali . "  The shelters are sketchy . These people , many of them women and children , suffer from lack of food and especially water . " Another 3,000 have reportedly fled to Mauritania , according to the state-run AMI news agency . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Dana Ford , Amir Ahmed and journalist Amadou Timbine contributed to this report .	The nomadic Tuaregs are spread across several countries Some fought for former Libyan strongman Moammar Gadhafi Many have now returned to Mali , forcing thousands to flee , the president says
CNN  -- Area 51 has long been a topic of fascination for conspiracy theorists and paranormal enthusiasts , but newly released CIA documents officially acknowledge the site and suggest that the area served a far less remarkable purpose than many had supposed . According to these reports , which include a map of the base 's location in Nevada , Area 51 was merely a testing site for the government 's U-2 and OXCART aerial surveillance programs . The U-2 program conducted surveillance around the world , including over the Soviet Union during the Cold War . Area 51 , about 125 miles northwest of Las Vegas , is synonymous in popular culture with government secrecy , and many have theorized that it holds the answer to one of the greatest questions plaguing mankind : Are we really alone in the universe ? But the newly released documents make no mention of alien autopsy rooms or spaceship parking lots . This information will be disappointing to some , who have come to view the area as a mecca of sorts for alien encounters . For these true believers , the existence of alien spacecraft at Area 51 , and the government 's attempts to cover up their trace , is irrefutable and has been since reports of Unidentified Flying Objects -- or UFOs -- began to emerge from the Nevada desert in the middle part of the 20th century . The map and other documents were released in response to a Freedom of Information Act request submitted by Jeffrey T. Richelson , a senior fellow at the National Security Archives , in 2005 . Richelson submitted the request as part of his continuing study of aerial surveillance programs and told CNN that he was not given an explanation of why the new documents were less redacted than previous versions declassified by the agency . He points out , however , that the location of Area 51 was not a particularly well-kept secret . Its location appears in books on aerial surveillance and is widely referenced in popular culture . In fact , the map that was released in the CIA documents mirrors the one that appears after a simple Google Maps search for "  Area 51 . " Area 51 has also been referenced in government documents in the past , though this newest release is the first that acknowledges its existence and location in a purposeful way . Richelson told CNN he believes this could signal a dramatic change in the government 's willingness to declassify information about the famed base , meaning even more information could come out about Area 51 in the future . The release of these reports seem to put the theories about aliens and flying saucers to rest for the time being , although they may not be enough to silence the true believers . At least they still have Roswell , right ?	The CIA officially acknowledges Area 51 , long a fixation for conspiracy theorists , in documents The area , 125 northwest of Las Vegas , was a testing ground for Cold War aerial surveillance Document release could be just the beginning of Area 51 information , expert says
Washington  CNN  -- A lesbian couple together for more than a decade smiled through tears Tuesday as they became the first same-sex couple to marry in the District of Columbia , on the first day such unions are legal in the nation 's capital . Sinjoyla Townsend and Angelisa Young said they had waited years to marry . They were first in line last week to apply for a marriage license at Washington 's marriage bureau . "  You are my friend , my partner , my love , " Young , 47 , told Townsend , 41 . "  I will love you today , tomorrow and forever . " After the wedding , those present cheered as the two women embraced and cried . They have been together for 12 years and have children , according to biographical information released by the Human Rights Campaign and D.C. Clergy United for Marriage Equality . The new law survived a Supreme Court challenge . The measure went into effect last week , but couples had to hold off until Tuesday because of the district 's three-day waiting period . "  We 're very excited , " Townsend said last week . She and Young were among 100 couples applying for licenses . Share your thoughts on same-sex marriage The district joins Connecticut , Iowa , Massachusetts , New Hampshire and Vermont in allowing same-sex couples to marry . Mayor Adrian Fenty signed the Washington measure into law in December after the city council overwhelming passed it . It then went through a review period , during which Congress had an opportunity to intervene . The Supreme Court last week rejected a request from a group of Washington residents to keep the law from going into effect . Local courts had previously turned down lawsuits to block it . Opponents of the law say city residents should have had a chance to vote on the issue before the city council passed it . They hope to force a ballot initiative to overturn the law . Also among the first couples to marry Tuesday were Reggie Stanley and Rocky Galloway , both 50 . The couple have two daughters , Malena and Zoe Stanley-Galloway , each 15 months old , according to the biographical information released by the equality groups . Also married on Tuesday were the Rev. Elder Darlene Garner , 61 , and the Rev. Lorilyn Candy Holmes , 53 , of Laurel , Maryland . Both of them serve in leadership roles in the Metropolitan Community Church . The women are mothers , grandmothers and great-grandmothers , according to the groups . During Garner and Holmes ' ceremony , a representative from their families read a statement blessing the marriage .	Tuesday is first day same-sex couples in Washington , D.C. , can legally marry Supreme Court last week rejected bid by residents that would have blocked law Mayor Adrian Fenty signed measure into law in December , after council passed it
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- A federal judge ruled on Thursday to allow same-sex couples to marry in California , starting on August 18 , handing another victory to supporters of gay rights in a case that both sides have said is likely to end up in the U.S. Supreme Court . Chief U.S. District Judge Vaughn Walker in San Francisco struck down the state 's ban on same-sex marriage last week , ruling that voter-approved Proposition 8 violates the U.S. Constitution . Walker had issued a temporary stay on his decision , which on Thursday he said he would lift . The high-profile case is being watched closely by supporters and opponents of same-sex marriage , as many say it is likely to make its way to the U.S. Supreme Court . If it does , the case could result in a landmark decision on whether people in the United States are allowed to marry others of the same sex . Same-sex marriage is legal in five U.S. states and in the District of Columbia , while civil unions are permitted in New Jersey . The five states are Massachusetts , Connecticut , Vermont , Iowa and New Hampshire . Same-sex couples in California were permitted to marry , briefly , before Proposition 8 passed in 2008 . "  Today 's ruling means that in less than one week , equality under the law will be restored for millions of loving families across California , " said Rick Jacobs , founder of the Courage Campaign . Dozens of same-sex couples gathered outside City Hall in San Francisco ahead of Walker 's decision , hoping they would be allowed to marry . Many waved rainbow flags and carried signs that read : " ' I DO ' support the freedom to marry . " The crowd erupted in cheers after the judge 's decision , though couples there must now wait at least another week or so to get married . Proposition 8 is part of a long line of seesaw rulings , court cases , debates and protests over the controversial issue of same-sex marriage . Proposition 8 defines marriage as a union between a man and woman and passed in California with some 52 percent of the vote in November 2008 . Opponents of same-sex marriage have said their best bet lies with higher courts and have appealed the federal judge 's ruling . The case heads next to the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals before possibly going to the U.S. Supreme Court . By allowing his stay to remain in place until August 18 , Walker gave supporters of Proposition 8 more time for the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals to weigh in on the case . The appeals court could allow same-sex marriages to move forward , or it could put them on hold indefinitely as the case winds its way through the legal system . "  Judge Walker is in fact making victims out of these people who might now go get married and then not know what the status of their relationship is , " said Tom McClusky , a leader of the legislative arm of the Family Research Council , which does not support same-sex marriage . People in the United States are split over the idea of allowing same-sex couples to marry . Forty-nine percent of respondents said they think gay and lesbian couples have the constitutional right to marry and to have their marriages recognized by law , while 51 percent said those rights do not exist , according to a new CNN/Opinion Research Corporation Poll .	NEW : Appeals court is next in line to weigh in on the controversial case Decision by California judge would allow same-sex couples to marry starting August 18 The case could end up in the U.S. Supreme Court Americans are divided over allowing same-sex marriage
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- He got a standing ovation before the orchestra even played a single note . Gustavo Dudamel has been compared to the legendary Leonard Bernstein by one critic . For weeks now , anticipation has been growing for the arrival of fiery young Venezuelan conductor Gustavo Dudamel to take over the Los Angeles Philharmonic , and the crowd could n't wait to roar its approval at his arrival . Dudamel , 28 , engenders a passion among music lovers that is entirely new to the world of classical music . Tickets for his Saturday debut as music director of the Los Angeles Philharmonic disappeared within minutes -- the fastest sellout in the history of the 18,000-seat Hollywood Bowl . "  He is a phenomenon , " said Mark Swed , Los Angeles Times music critic . "  He generates excitement the likes of which has n't come around in a very , very long time -- maybe since Leonard Bernstein . " Watch the exciting Dudamel wield the baton " Swed was in the audience two years ago when Dudamel conducted the Simon Bolivar Youth Orchestra at the Walt Disney Concert Hall , delivering a reading of Beethoven 's Fourth Symphony that left fans delirious . "  I have n't seen that kind of reaction from a crowd since I saw the Beatles at Dodger Stadium , " Swed said . Dudamel 's face has been a common sight for months in Los Angeles . His billboards look down on freeway commuters . He adorns city buses . At the famous Hollywood hot dog stand Pink 's , there is even a dog named in his honor -- the "  Dude Dog , " piled high with jalapeno peppers , guacamole and tortilla chips . While it 's not exactly Venezuelan cuisine , in Los Angeles , there can be no surer sign that the conductor known as "  The Dude " has arrived . So where did Dudamel get this musical magic ? He said at least a part of his talent is inherited . "  I started studying music when I was 4 , " he said . "  I wanted to play trombone like my father . " Soon young Gustavo entered into El Sistema , Venezuela 's state-financed music education program . Hundreds of thousands of children have received instruments and music instruction through the nation 's massive system of youth orchestras . "  You can not imagine , " said Dudamel , "  how it changes the life of a kid if you put a violin or a cello or a flute -LSB- in his hand -RSB- . You feel you have your world . You have your life there , and it changes your life . This happened to me . " As music director of the philharmonic , Dudamel said he hopes to spread a little of the El Sistema magic in Los Angeles . He already has organized one youth orchestra in the run-down neighborhoods of south Los Angeles . Those music students opened for the orchestra at the Hollywood Bowl . The concert also featured student musicians playing alongside jazz legend Herbie Hancock . Cuban pianist Alfredo Rodriguez and bluesman Taj Mahal rounded out an eclectic bill designed to pull in a broad cross-section of music lovers . But it was Dudamel and Beethoven 's Ninth Symphony that brought the crowd to its feet at the concert 's end . It was a promising beginning for a man many are hailing as the savior of classical music . They hope Dudamel can bring a whole new audience to symphonic music , and believe the Los Angeles Philharmonic is the perfect podium for the young maestro . "  He fits in with this town in a lot of ways , " Swed said . "  Obviously being Spanish-speaking in a city where the majority of people either speak Spanish or understand some Spanish ... you know he fits in . The youth culture ? He is young . He is also great , which does n't hurt . "	Gustavo Dudamel , known as "  The Dude , " brings Beatles-like frenzy to Los Angeles The Venezuelan , 28 , is the new conductor of the Los Angeles Philharmonic His Saturday debut sold out 18,000-seat Hollywood Bowl faster than anyone ever Los Angeles Times music critic calls Dudamel "  a phenomenon "
Istanbul  CNN  -- A Turkish doctor arrested in an investigation into an alleged human organ smuggling ring protested his innocence Wednesday . "  There is no such crime . There is no organ trade , " Yusuf Ercin Sonmez told reporters outside a courthouse , according to Turkey 's semiofficial Anatolian news agency . "  There ca n't be evidence for something that does n't exist , " he added . He was arrested Tuesday in Istanbul 's Kartal district , an officer with the financial crimes department of Istanbul Police told CNN . Sonmez , 53 , was the subject of an Interpol arrest warrant issued by the District Court of Pristina in Kosovo . The offenses listed by Interpol : crimes against life and health , people smuggling , trafficking and illegal immigration . Sonmez was questioned by a prosecutor for about two hours Wednesday , then sent to a criminal court "  with the prosecutor 's demand for his arrest for ` organized organ trading , ' " the Anatolian news agency said . Sonmez was then released by the court pending trial . Last month , European authorities charged in a report that executives who control Kosovo may have stolen organs when the Kosovo Liberation Army was fighting Serbian forces in the late 1990s . Kosovo Prime Minister Hashim Thaci called it "  a political accusation based on no facts or proof " and "  pure fabrication . " The report said Thaci , a former leader of the Kosovo Liberation Army , was the "  boss " of a prominent faction in the militia that "  apparently wrested control " of "  illicit criminal enterprises " from rivals across the border in Albania . "  Numerous indications seem to confirm that ... organs were removed from some prisoners ... to be taken abroad for transplantation , " read the report . It suggested that illegal organ trafficking continued after the war ended . Thaci said in December that he was looking into all legal and political possibilities to correct what he saw as the report 's inaccuracies . Dick Marty of the Council of Europe , author of the draft report , said nearly 1,900 people who disappeared during the conflict still have not been found , and another 500 disappeared after NATO troops arrived in June 1999 . The report is based partially on investigations by European Union officials and was written for the Council of Europe 's Committee on Legal Affairs and Human Rights . European Union officials in Kosovo have said that anyone with concrete evidence of war crimes or organized crime should come forward . Kosovo was a province of Serbia but declared independence in 2008 . About 70 countries have recognized the declaration , but Serbia does not , and international organizations including the United Nations and the European Union continue to have administrators in Kosovo . The Council of Europe , an organization with 47 member countries , seeks to promote democracy and human rights . CNN 's Yesim Comert in Istanbul and Journalist Vlora Rustemi contributed to this report .	NEW : Arrested Turkish doctor Yusuf Ercin Sonmez says "  there is no organ trade " He reportedly is suspected of involvement in an organ smuggling ring Kosovo District Court issues Interpol warrant
In the months after the 9/11 terror attacks in 2001 , FBI agents conducted surveillance of U.S.-born cleric Anwar al-Awlaki and uncovered detailed information about his alleged use of prostitutes , according to newly released FBI documents . The information is contained in documents obtained through a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit filed by Judicial Watch , a conservative legal group . Al-Awlaki lived in a Washington suburb at the time of the terror attacks and for several months afterward . The FBI documents say he visited prostitutes at least seven times and paid up to $ 400 for sex . The documents show the cleric paid a total of $ 2,320 for the visits and always paid in cash . Al-Awlaki 's use of prostitutes has been reported previously , but the FBI documents show that agents interviewed the escorts , obtained detailed information about the encounters , and the FBI even reviewed the possible legal charges that might be brought against him . One prostitute said al-Awlaki visited her on February 4 , 2002 , and she first peered out at him through a peephole in the hotel room door . When interviewed by the FBI a day later , she said she thought al-Awlaki "  looked like Osama bin Laden . " American-born radical cleric understood the West The documents obtained by Judicial Watch also include some handwritten surveillance reports by FBI agents . The papers show nothing incriminating and merely recount his visits to stores , to his mosque and other locations . Al-Awlaki was killed in Yemen by a U.S. missile strike in September 2011 . By that time , U.S. officials said , he had become a key member of the terror group al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula and was involved in two failed terror plots against the United States . One was the 2009 scheme to explode a bomb hidden in an operative 's underwear on a U.S.-bound airliner and the other was a 2010 plot involving bombs hidden in printers on cargo planes . Al-Awlaki : al Qaeda 's rock star no more There have been questions for years about when al-Awlaki became radicalized . One largely redacted document from February 4 , 2002 , contained abbreviated language indicating that al-Awlaki was a member of a terrorist organization and should be approached with caution . The rest of the document 's message was not provided , but that item and other documents make it clear he was under investigation . Judicial Watch noted that al-Awlaki spoke at a Pentagon luncheon the next day . The 9/11 Commission report said al-Awlaki had contact with two of the hijackers -- Nawaf al-Hazmi and Khalid al-Mihdhar -- the year before the attacks when he served as an imam at a San Diego mosque . He also may have had contact with one of those men and a third hijacker , Hani Hanjour , when he served at a mosque in Falls Church , Virginia , in 2001 . A December 2006 FBI memo that was part of the FOIA release said the cleric was interviewed in September 2001 after the terror attacks and recognized a picture of one of the hijackers . But the memo said al-Awlaki was never thoroughly questioned about his relationship with any of the hijackers , and "  their exact relationship remains unclear . " The FBI did not respond to inquiries about the documents . Read more : From the grave , al-Awlaki inspiring new generation of terrorists	FBI was monitoring U.S.-born cleric Anwar al-Awlaki after the 9/11 attacks in 2001 Al-Awlaki visited prostitutes , spending more than $ 2,000 , new released papers say Cleric knew several 9/11 hijackers , possibly while working as an imam in San Diego The FBI released the documents in response to a Judicial Watch FOIA lawsuit
Russia has thrown out the United States Agency for International Development , the U.S. State Department said , claiming that the aid agency has undermined Russia 's sovereignty . "  We have recently received a decision of the Russian Government to end USAID activities there , " State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said this week . "  The United States is extremely proud of what USAID has accomplished in Russia over the last 20 years , and we will work with our partners and staff to responsibly end or transition those programs . " At APEC Russia and the U.S. look east Senior Russian officials have said that some of the agency 's programs , such as some human rights groups and election monitoring , have undermined Russia 's sovereignty , according to the state news agency RIA Novosti . Nuland , speaking at a State Department briefing Wednesday , countered with : The issue of protecting Russia 's sovereignty came up several times during the run-up to Russia 's presidential election this year . On election night in Moscow in March , Vladimir Putin punctuated his victory speech with a jab at foreign influence when he said : "  We showed that no one can impose anything on us -- no one , nothing ! We showed that our people can distinguish between the desire for renewal and political provocation that has but one goal : to destroy Russia 's statehood and usurp power . " In December , he blamed U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton for giving a "  signal " to Russians protesting his rule to turn out for street demonstrations . Pakistan orders foreign aid workers to leave Nuland , speaking at a State Department briefing Wednesday , argued that U.S. officials "  completely reject the notion that our support for civil society , democracy , human rights , in any way interferes with elections whether in Russia or anywhere else in the world . " "  It is regrettable that the Russian people are not going to be able to benefit from the support that the American people are sending their way in this areas of health  and  environment , " Nuland added . "  We will continue to work with those Russians in civil society who want to work with us . We do that in many parts of the world where we dont have AID missions , and we are looking now at precisely how we 'll work this through , but we are committed to stay on the side of those who want to see a more democratic , more just Russia , " she said .	The State Department says itis "  extremely proud " of the work USAID did in Russia Russia says it was undermined by the U.S. Agency for International Development USAID had worked in Russia for two decades
Bethesda , Maryland  CNN  -- When Capt. Greg Galeazzi joined the Army seven years ago , he was well aware of the risks he would face . "  Of course you accept that injuries or death is a possibility , " Galeazzi said . "  This is what happens to soldiers who fight wars . " In 2011 , that possibility became Galeazzi 's reality . While leading his platoon on a routine morning patrol , an improvised explosive device detonated beneath him . "  It felt like I got hit by a wrecking ball , " he said . Though Galeazzi survived the blast , life as he knew it did not . Suddenly , he was a double , above the knee amputee and had a severely wounded right arm . "  I was a shell of a man , " he said . "  Who I was , was gone . " Before his injuries , playing the guitar had been a special pastime for Galeazzi . "  Music has always been important to me , " he said . "  I felt a deep sadness because I thought I 'd lost my ability to play music . " Galeazzi began to see things differently when he joined MusiCorps , a music rehabilitation program for severely wounded soldiers who are recovering at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center . "  We match the injured troops with professional musicians , " said Arthur Bloom , who founded the program in 2007 . "  They help wounded warriors play music and recover their lives . " ` Band ' of brothers Bloom , a graduate of the Yale School of Music , offers his services to patients at Walter Reed who have an interest in playing an instrument . Program participants practice technique . They write and record music . Or they may just get together for a jam session . "  Some of what we do you could call adaptive music making , " Bloom said . "  The folks who are missing limbs or have damaged hands and arms sometimes require specialized instruments , which we provide . " VOTE for the CNN Hero of the Year The journey to recovery for many troops is a long one . It can require dozens of surgeries and many years spent in medical treatment facilities . "  There 's so much downtime at Walter Reed , and that 's what we fill up with music , " Bloom said . "  What we did n't expect is that they 'd get really , really good . So we formed a band . " The MusiCorps Wounded Warrior Band is the performance component of Bloom 's program . The group has performed at some of the country 's premiere concert venues , including the Kennedy Center and Madison Square Garden , and with world-renowned musicians like Yo-Yo Ma and Roger Waters . "  When I see them perform , it just blows me away , " Bloom said . "  They 're amazing even when they do n't perform . But performing shows other people -- and it also shows them -- that they 're amazing . " Rock 'n' recover Studies show that music can reduce anxiety and even help an injured brain heal . Bloom believes that music is medicine for the mind . "  I 've seen guys come in here , and they 're going through such a tough time with their injuries that they are very withdrawn , " Bloom said . "  The music becomes their new way of communicating . It can be just as powerful as the spoken word . ... By injecting music into this space , we can inject life . " Since 2007 , Bloom and his group have helped hundreds of wounded warriors . For Galeazzi , joining MusiCorps has helped restore his confidence and made him more optimistic about his future . In addition to rediscovering his musical ability , he is currently enrolled in pre-med classes . "  Something survived that horrible injury in Afghanistan , " Galeazzi said . "  And that was my ability to play the guitar . Arthur and his program changed my outlook on what is possible . " Bloom says the greatest reward has been working with the troop of amazingly talented individuals . "  Music has no stigma , " he said . "  The folks we work with , when they do music , there 's nothing injured about the way they do it . It 's just good music . " Want to get involved ? Check out the MusiCorps website at www.musicorps.net and see how to help .	MusiCorps is a rehab program for wounded soldiers recovering at Walter Reed Founder Arthur Bloom , a Yale School of Music graduate , began the nonprofit in 2007 MusiCorps also provides custom instruments for those whose injuries require them Voting for ` CNN Hero of the Year ' continues through Thursday , Nov. 16
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Eleanor Coppola met her husband , Francis in Ireland in 1962 . Eleanor Coppola with husband Francis . They have been married for 47 years . It was on the set of splatter flick "  Dementia 13 " -- she was the shy set decorator ; he was the ambitious rookie director . They began dating and three months later she became pregnant and the couple married . That was 47 years ago and since then the retiring artist has become something of a chronicler of the extraordinary Coppola family , which includes her flamboyant Oscar-winning husband , daughter , Sophia and actors Nicolas Cage and Jason Schwartzman . Life with Francis has also allowed her a ringside seat during the making of some of the most revered films in cinematic history . Most famously , she was in the Philippines in 1976 during the notoriously difficult production of "  Apocalypse Now , " the war epic that almost destroyed Francis ' blossoming career . Her little camera captured revealing footage of her husband as he and his actors and crew unraveled psychologically , much like the characters in the film . The footage was subsequently immortalized in the documentary "  Hearts of Darkness : A Filmmaker 's Apocalypse . " Here Eleanor Coppola talks exclusively to CNN about her pride at seeing Sophia win an Oscar , what Francis is really like and just how close "  Apocalypse Now " came to disaster . The Screening Room : Is Francis different on set than at home ? Eleanor Coppola : No . I think because he spent his life as a director it 's just in his nature . It 's in his blood . He is always directing . So , when he gets home he 's directing the dinner , where we are gon na sit , what we are going to eat . I 've adjusted to it , so now it 's really funny . TSR : What does Francis enjoy most in life ? EC : People might not realize what a good sense of humor he has . He really likes to sing , he can sing a song about anything . He 'll make up a song , set to a major show tune about anything . If he were here this moment he could make up a song about you . TSR : Do his films mirror life ? EC : Definitely the ones he has written ; the original pieces resonate with his life and aspects that reflect the way his life has evolved . He does address the issues -- both the positive and the darker side too . I think "  The Godfather " was a raw example of his experience at weddings , with family , and he just took his experiences and viewed those characters with the familiar aspects that he had known . TSR : What was Francis ' inspiration for "  Apocalypse Now ? " EC : After making "  The Godfather , " "  The Godfather : Part II " and "  The Conversation , " in which he felt like so many of the scenes he was shooting were inside these dark rooms and were about the complex relationship between the characters , he had the idea that he was going to go out to the Philippines on location and make this big shoot about the green landscape and everybody was going to be out in the sun -- light , expansive , exciting . Just a fun , big war film . But once he got out there , he found that he got delving into the research for the material -- he realized this was no lightweight thing . This was a war and people lost their children , sons , husbands . He realized it had more serious themes and considerations and it took him deeper and deeper into himself , the issues of life and death and all the heavy questions of war an epic brings to life . TSR : How did "  Apocalypse Now " affect Francis ' state of mind ? EC : It was a journey for him up the river I always felt . He went deeper and deeper into himself and deeper and deeper and deeper into the production . It just got out of control . He did n't have the ending . He did n't know how to deal with it . The script was evolving and the scenes were changing -- it just got larger and more complex . And little by little he got out there as far as his characters . That was n't the intention at all at the beginning . TSR : Tell me about how the documentary you shot while Francis was making "  Apocalypse Now " came about . EC : I never intended to make the documentary of all documentaries . I was just trying to keep myself occupied with something to do because we were out there for so long . I just had never shot a documentary before . They wanted five minutes for a TV promotional or something and I thought sooner of later I could get five minutes of film and then it went on to 15 minutes . I just kept shooting but I had no idea ... the evolution of myself that I saw with my camera . So , it was a surprise for both of us and a life changing experience . TSR : In what way was it a life-changing experience ? EC : When you do something that 's the most extreme and hardest thing you have ever done -- everything is in jeopardy ; your personal life , your financial life is in jeopardy and people 's lives were literally in jeopardy . Two people lost their lives in that production , in the course of building . It involved 700 people to build the temple and there was an accident . So , it was a powerful experience and I think we came back in a new place . When you stretch yourself that far , you are able to come back in a deeper more thoughtful way . TSR : Francis is known to fight for his actors , like when he insisted on having young unknown Al Pacino in "  The Godfather " against the studio 's wishes EC : I think his vision is extremely clear . That is just the way his life is . So , when someone says you ca n't have the green chair on this set , that is n't acceptable to him . He just does n't see it that way . It is the way his vision perceives it and there are n't any alternatives . So , if people say "  no " to him , he just brushes that aside and he pays no attention . TSR : What 's it like to watch your children , Roman and Sophia who are both film directors on set ? EC : It has been deeply satisfying for them to find their way and find their voice , I think particularly for Sophia . I shot a documentary for "  The Virgin Suicides " and then also "  Marie Antoinette , " so I was there seeing her blossom and emerge . TSR : What was it like seeing Sophia win an Oscar for Best Original Screenplay for "  Lost in Translation " in 2004 ? EC : Well , I was deeply thrilled , particularly because she 's a woman and I thought it was so touching that the children actually do reflect their parents and their upbringing and their parents ' abilities do seem to have been passed on to their children . It was very emotional moment to see her . Especially because Francis won a screenplay Oscar at the same age , both 32 , so that was a touching circle of life .	Eleanor Coppola is married to legendary filmmaker Francis Ford Coppola Life with Francis afforded her a ringside seat for the making of film classics Most famously she documented the disastrous making of "  Apocalypse Now " She talks exclusively about life with Francis and the film that almost broke him
Netflix , Amazon and Hulu are adding titles to their streaming options in September . From children 's programming to new episodes of beloved series , it 's all here for your viewing pleasure with this month 's schedule of releases : Here ' s what to look for on Netflix : September 1 : "  A Simple Plan " "  Californication " Seasons 1-7 : "  Chasing UFOs " Season 1 "  Cool Runnings " "  Crocodile Dundee " "  Detention " "  Doomsday Preppers " Seasons 1-3 "  Flubber " "  Girl Rising " "  Girlfight " "  Good Morning , Vietnam " "  Guess Who " "  Hinterland " Season 1 "  Hoodwinked " "  Jay and Silent Bob 's Super Groovy Cartoon Movie " "  Lords of Dogtown " "  Mirage Men " "  School of Rock " "  Small Apartments " "  Swiss Family Robinson " "  The Believers " "  The Blue Lagoon " "  The Unbelievers " "  Unsealed : Alien Files " Season 1 "  Zero Hour " Seasons 1-3 September 2 "  The League " Season 5 September 5 "  All is Lost " "  Trailer Park Boys " Season 8 September 6 "  Kid Cannabis " "  Le Week-End " "  Refuge " "  Your Sister 's Sister " September 7 "  The Blacklist " Season 1 September 9 "  Who Is Dayani Cristal ? " September 10 "  Crash & Bernstein " Season 2 "  Deadly Code " September 11 "  A Single Man " "  Dennis Miller : America 180 " "  Filth " "  The Moment " September 12 "  Grace Unplugged " September 13 "  Justin and the Knights of Valor " September 14 "  About a Boy " Season 1 September 16 "  Beginners " "  Bones " Season 9 "  New Girl " Season 3 "  One Day " "  Silver Linings Playbook " September 17 "  3 Days to Kill " "  The Fosters " Season 2 September 22 "  Revolution " Season 2 September 26 "  How I Met Your Mother " Season 9 September 25 "  The Double " September 26 "  Parks and Recreation " Season 6 September 27 "  Bad Grandpa " September 28 "  Comic Book Men " Season 3 "  The Walking Dead " Season 4 September 29 "  Lullaby " September 30 "  Killing Them Softly " Here 's what to look for on Amazon Prime : September 1 "  Anastasia " "  Ferngully : The Last Rainforest " "  Hugo " "  Mike the Knight " "  Wild Kratts " "  Every Witch Way " "  Young Sherlock Holmes " "  The Good Wife " Season 5 "  An Officer and A Gentleman " "  A Simple Plan " "  Californication " Season 1-7 September 2 "  The League " Season 5 September 5 " All is Lost " "  Tumble Leaf " Season 1B September 8 "  Spaceballs " September 12 "  Grace Unplugged " September 15 "  Defiance " "  The Duchess " September 22 "  Blue 's Clues " Season 6 "  Winx Club : Beyond Believix " "  Broad City " Season 1 September 23 "  How I Met Your Mother " Season 9 September 24 "  Grimm " Season 3 September 26 "  Transparent September 27 "  Jackass Presents : Bad Grandpa " September 30 "  Justin Bieber : Never Say Never " "  Degrassi " Season 13 Available on Hulu beginning August 29 : "  Party Down " "  Kath & Kim " "  Doozers "  four new episodes September 3 "  Mulaney : An Opening Act "	Netflix and Amazon Prime have new programs streaming in September They feature everything from kids shows to classics Hulu also has a few offerings
CNN  -- One of eight people killed in a southeast Georgia mobile home last month recently had been awarded $ 25,000 in a civil lawsuit , officials said . Guy Heinze Jr. faces eight counts of first-degree murder in last month 's killings in a Georgia mobile home . Guy Heinze Sr. , 46 , was granted the award by the McIntosh County , Georgia , Magistrate Court in a suit over a mobile home that he owned , court officials said . He had not received the money as the ruling was under appeal . Heinze was found dead August 29 in his Brunswick mobile home along with six others . An eighth person died later at a hospital . Police said all of the victims died from "  blunt force trauma , " but they did not provide any further details . Heinze 's son , Guy Heinze Jr. , 22 , faces eight counts of first-degree murder in the deaths . Police suspect he acted alone , according to a statement from the Glynn County Police Department . The younger Heinze has made his initial court appearance via closed-circuit television from the Glynn County Detention Center , his attorney , Ron Harrison , said Tuesday . His preliminary hearing likely will come next week , Harrison said . The elder Heinze told relatives about the award days before his death , family members said . Court officials said the ruling was issued August 11 , and an appeal was filed six days later . Harrison said he was aware of the award in the lawsuit but would not comment on it . Police also are aware of it , Glynn County Police Chief Matt Doering said , but he declined comment on whether it is being explored as a possible motive in the slayings . Watch hints of a possible motive " Harrison said he last saw his client on Friday , as he was not required to appear with him to hear the charges read . The younger Heinze "  continues to deny any involvement in the murders and urges anyone with information to contact authorities , " he said Tuesday . He described his client as "  not good , disappointed , upset , angry . " Heinze called 911 to report the slayings , telling the dispatcher , "  My whole family is dead . " He was arrested just afterward and initially was charged with tampering with evidence and making false statements to a police officer as well as facing drug charges . Hear the 911 call " An arrest warrant said he provided police "  with false and misleading information about his whereabouts and involvement in the circumstances leading to him calling 911 to report the deaths of his family members " and that he removed a shotgun from the mobile home and hid it in his car . He was arrested on the murder charges hours after being freed from jail on the initial charges . Family members said he was on his way to attend the visitation for the victims but was arrested before arriving . A police chaplain called relatives to tell them of the arrest , family members said . Police have not released the cause of death for any of the victims . Heinze told dispatchers in his 911 call they appeared to have been beaten to death . Funerals were held Saturday for seven of the eight victims . Besides the elder Heinze , they were Brenda Gail Falagan , 49 ; Russell D. Toler Sr. , 44 ; Russell D. Toler Jr. , 20 ; Chrissy Toler , 22 ; Michael Toler , 19 ; and Michelle Toler , 15 . The funeral for the eighth victim , Joseph L. West , 30 , is to be held mid-month . A ninth victim , a 3-year-old , was on life support at a Savannah , Georgia , hospital as of Saturday , her grandmother said . Guy Heinze Sr. 's father , William Heinze , told CNN affiliate WJXT-TV in Jacksonville , Florida , at the funerals that he doubted his grandson was responsible for the deaths . "  We want to know what really happened , " he said . "  The police may think they know what happened , but we want to really know the truth . " Brunswick is about 300 miles southeast of Atlanta on Georgia 's Atlantic coast . CNN 's Ashley Hayes , Sean Callebs and Chris Youd contributed to this report	NEW : Police said all of the victims died from "  blunt force trauma " The $ 25,000 award from suit was under appeal Warrant lists eight counts of first-degree murder for Guy Heinze Jr. . Heinze is the son of the man who won the lawsuit
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Country music act Sugarland settled a lawsuit with a co-founder who claimed she was owed a share of the group 's profits since she left five years ago , according to a court filing . Kristen Hall left the trio Sugarland to write songs and to pursue a solo career in 2005 , leaving Kristian Bush and Jennifer Nettles to carry on as a duo . Hall filed a federal lawsuit against her former bandmates two years ago demanding that she be paid a third of Sugarland 's profits because of her role in founding the group and in creating their hit debut album in 2004 . U.S. District Judge Timothy Batten signed an order last week recognizing the settlement , although terms of the agreement were not included . Lawyers have until December 13 to file the final papers or else Hall has the right to re-open the lawsuit , the order said . The Atlanta-based group picked up their fourth Country Music Association Vocal Duo of the Year award last week . They won Grammys for best performance by a group or duo and best country song last year . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Kristen Hall claimed she was owed a share of the country duo 's profits Hall co-founded the group before Jennifer Nettles joined Hall left the band in 2005 to pursue a solo career Terms of the settlement are not public
For more than a year the Sudanese government has been bombing and spreading terror in the country 's South Kordofan state , surgically cleansing the land of the Nuba people . The government of Sudan argues it is fighting a rebellion led by the Sudan People 's Liberation Movement that engineered the secession of South Sudan . Khartoum still struggles to stomach the victory of the Southerners , brought about partly by the large number of Nuba fighters who -- after decades of marginalization and political exclusion -- joined forces with the Sudan People 's Liberation Army . Accordingly , Khartoum treats the Nuba people as the enemy within -- a foe whose independent spirit has never been tamed The cost : half a million people have been displaced or severely affected by the conflict , according to the U.N. 's Humanitarian Affairs office . The most recent rash of bombings is the second time in 20 years that the Nuba people have been targets of the same Khartoum leaders -- President Omar al-Bashir and Governor Ahmed Haroun . Both men are internationally indicted war criminals , although both deny the charges . See also : Evidence of cluster munitions in Sudan Haroun engineered attacks against the Nuba in the 90s , refined his deadly tactics in Darfur in 2004 , and is now back pursuing his murderous agenda against the Nuba with even greater efficiency . I traveled to Sudan bear witness , as a journalist and a Rwandan , to a people under siege , at the war-torn border between the two Sudans , one of the most isolated regions on earth . Smuggled into the Nuba Mountains , an area closed to the world , I filmed local activists documenting the attacks being perpetrated by the Khartoum regime . Despite being bombed several times a day since June 2011 , the activists remain nonviolent . Armed with cameras and the hope for a better tomorrow , they relentlessly scour their homeland collecting the testimonies , pictures and evidence to build up a case against their aggressors : their government . Our team traveled to a number of villages up to 20 km from the front line . During my time in the region I experienced bombings as regimented as prison meals . We were attacked an average of three times a day . We were filming as the scale of atrocities unfolded with excruciating precision : the bombs falling , the people hiding in caves for safety , the destruction of villages , the casualties . Every day , we experienced hunger , fear , abandonment , exhaustion and unspeakable harshness , like the Nuba people do . At a moment 's notice , we jumped in and out of foxholes and crawled in caves like they do to survive . Cramped , hot and terrified , we have seen and smelled the death of children , pregnant women and the elderly ; the destruction of villages , crops , schools , water pumps , mosques , churches and hospitals . In the making of "  Erasing the Nuba " we were bombed 19 times and lived to tell the story of resilience of a people harassed daily by landmines and rockets , in a region transformed into ghost towns , craters and ruins . See also : U.N. seeks probe into possible war crimes in South Kordofan A lingering smell of death and growing despair ushered us out of the Nuba Mountains . Almost 63,000 Nuba have fled to the Yida refugee camp in South Sudan . There I saw a people left to fend for themselves , a people that know they have no friends , yet determined to face their destiny with the only thing they have left : dignity . In Yida , I attended a WFP-sponsored food distribution and saw how a 3kg ration of USAID-produced sorghum was distributed for each family to eat until the uncertain next round of food supply . In Yida , a mother begged me to take home with me her three-month-old baby , whom she had delivered squatted down under a tree on a rainy afternoon . I sat with Yida 's oldest resident , a 101-year-old man who journeyed on donkey back for eight days to be reunited with one of his sons . The poor man was so disoriented that he had stopped eating and talking for days at a time . His family feared that leaving him alone might drive him to commit suicide . In Yida I watched children sitting on the branches of a tree to follow a mathematics class as the open-air "  classroom " was packed . It struck me to see how one adult volunteer could teach a class of children , without the use of a blackboard and chalk . There is no such thing as pens or notebooks for the thousands of children in need of an education at Yida . See also : Sudan violence amounts to war crimes Dreams for domestic reconciliation exhausted after two decades , the Nuba are holding onto the belief that "  the hearts of the international community " woven into the fabric of our shared humanity "  will hear their cries . " They say they have been sacrificed at the altar of peace agreements between North and South Sudan and they feel cheated by the world 's inaction . "  Erasing the Nuba " has captured the spirit of the Nuba people of Sudan , a minority bowed but not broken -- not by the daily hellish rain of bombs and rockets , nor by the world 's complicit silence . But for how much longer can they prevail -- hostages of Khartoum and us , the international community ? A group of people and their way of life is being destroyed . Why are the Nuba , the heirs of a civilization that once stretched from Cairo to Lake Victoria , asked to shake hands with Haroun , and his murderous gang of "  Butchers of Khartoum " ? Would one have asked European nations to make peace with Hitler ? They have been forced to crawl in caves like beasts , survive on leaves and berries only to be told of a "  Sudan Fatigue . " Unlike Assad in Syria -- bad as he is -- only one current head of state in the world is indicted officially by a due legal process : al-Bashir . Yet many in the world are advocating the removal of Assad . Mountains of grudges and greed fuel this conflict , where humanitarian assistance is used as a pawn on the chessboard of peace negotiations . Beneath the surface , jumbles of players -- local and foreign -- are waging a merciless war against each other for the political , economic and military control of the two Sudans . There can be no peace , no security , no stability , no settlement to this conflict as long as the blood of the Nuba children , women , men and communities will be spilled . My family falling victim to the Rwandan genocides that started in 1994 , and a commitment to uphold the vow made by those touched by genocide the world over to "  never forget , " inspired me to bring their story to light . "  Erasing the Nuba " is my testimony , as a Rwandan and a journalist , to ensure these people are never referred to in the past tense . Find out more about "  Erasing the Nuba " on Twitter and Facebook .	Sudanese government has been bombing South Kordofan for more than a year Documentary shows the plight of Nuba people in Sudan Filmmaker Yoletta Nyange says she was bombed 19 times while making the film ` Nuba people being destroyed , ' says Nyange
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- While many now recognize the scientific explanation for a solar eclipse , the phenomenon is still marked with tradition and sometimes suspicion in Hindu-majority India . People test the "  sky watching telescope " at the Gujarat Council of Science City in India . The "  exceptionally long " eclipse that will cross half the planet Wednesday will be able to be seen by virtually all of the population of China and India . For beggars in India , the occasion means an extra day of receiving alms and food . The panhandler in Sandeep Jaggi 's neighborhood normally visits the block every week on Tuesdays and Saturdays , as well as the days of a new and full moon . And because his patrons mark an eclipse with alms-giving , prayers and bathing , he rarely misses the chance to meet them on this day as well . "  It 's a family tradition and I follow it , " says 34-year-old Jaggi . He will fill the beggar 's small steel pail with mustard oil and coins and his disheveled sash with lentils . For others in the country , the eclipse is not a reason to celebrate , but a more ominous phenomenon . Send us your photos of the eclipse Most pregnant women hope to avoid giving birth during an eclipse . "  None of the expectant mothers under my treatment are willing to have deliveries on Wednesday , " Shivani Sachdev Gour , a gynecologist at New Delhi 's Fortis La Femme hospital , told CNN . In fact , there are critically ill patients who do not want to be in the hospital on the day of the eclipse , she said . Indian astrologers even advise expectant mothers to stay indoors when this celestial event occurs . "  It may not cause any physical harm to the baby , but it may affect the child 's overall personality , " said R.K. Sharma , who describes himself as a "  remedial astrologer . " A solar eclipse , he says , weakens the sun god temporarily because of an encounter with dragon Rahu and leaves some cascading results everywhere . "  Bathing in holy rivers and ponds during this time thus helps protect health and develop positivism and greater will power , " he explained . About 1.5 million people are expected at one such pond -- the Brahmsarovar , or the pool of Hindu god Brahma -- in northern India on Wednesday . "  They offer prayers to the sun god and take holy dips during an eclipse , " said Ashok Kumar Bansal , the sub-divisional magistrate of Kurukshetra , an ancient Hindu city . But the century 's longest total solar eclipse is not just about the dragon-sun combat , it also means business for some . Travel firms in India have plans in place to cash in on the phenomenon . Cox and Kings India has a planeload of eclipse watchers heading for the eastern state of Bihar , one of the most preferred locations for sighting the event . The plane will hover over Gaya in Bihar and return to New Delhi the same day , company spokesman Thomas C. Thottathil told CNN . Passengers were given two options : to book a "  sunside " seat facing the eclipse for about $ 1,640 , or reserve an "  earthside " seat for about $ 610 , Thottathil added . "  And it 's a sold out flight now ! " he said .	Solar eclipse marked with tradition and often suspicion in Hindu-majority India Most pregnant women in India hope to avoid giving birth during eclipse Some critically ill patients do not want to be in hospital on day of eclipse Astrologer : Eclipse weakens sun god because of encounter with dragon Rahu
CNN  -- The former Miami Beach mansion of Italian fashion designer Gianni Versace sold for $ 41.5 million Tuesday , an auction company said . Fisher Auction Company and the Jills , a Coldwell Banker Residential Real estate team , announced the sale of the Casa Casuarina , formerly the Versace Mansion . Auctioneer Lamar Fisher said the buyer was Joe Nakash , whose family owns the Jordache denim brand . The family also owns the Victor Hotel next door and they told Fisher that they plan on turning the mansion into a boutique hotel . Donald Trump -- the real estate magnate and TV personality -- placed the second highest bid on the mansion at $ 41 million , according to Rhona Graff , a senior vice president at the Trump Organization . Versace was shot dead outside the mansion in 1997 . He purchased the property five years earlier and invested $ 33 million on expansions including a 54-foot mosaic pool lined with 24-karat gold . "  We are very pleased to have had the opportunity to manage the sale of this iconic property , " Fisher said . "  This beautifully appointed estate drew significant attention from prospective buyers from around the world . " Jill Hertzberg of The Jills called the property the "  crown jewel of Miami . " "  Jill Eber and I are delighted that we were able to be a part of this once-in-a-lifetime sale , " she said .	NEW : Donald Trump placed second-highest bid , the Trump Organization says New owner plans to turn mansion into boutique hotel Versace was shot dead outside mansion in '97 Mansion called "  crown jewel of Miami "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Bush signed an executive order Friday expanding U.S. sanctions against Zimbabwe , the White House said . About 200 victims of election violence seek safety outside the U.S. Embassy in Harare , Zimbabwe , this month . "  The new executive order significantly enhances our ability to designate individuals in and entities connected to the Mugabe regime , " Bush said in a written statement that calls the Zimbabwean government under president Robert Mugabe "  illegitimate . " Just after the announcement , the Treasury Department said it has designated for sanctions 17 entities , including three government-owned or controlled companies used by Mugabe and his government "  to illegally siphon revenue and foreign exchange from the Zimbabwean people , " as well as one individual . "  This action is a direct result of the Mugabe regime 's continued politically motivated violence , disregarding calls from the Southern African Development Community , the African Union and the United Nations to halt the attacks , " the White House said . "  The regime has also continued its ban against NGO activities that would provide assistance to the suffering and vulnerable people of Zimbabwe . No regime should ignore the will of its own people and calls from the international community without consequences . " The U.S. has been pushing for sanctions against Zimbabwe since Mugabe ignored a U.N. Security Council appeal to postpone a presidential runoff election June 27 . The vote initially was intended to be a runoff between Mugabe and opposition candidate Morgan Tsvangirai , who did not win the presidency outright in the general election , according to government tallies . But Tsvangirai , of the Movement for Democratic Change , withdrew just before the vote , saying Mugabe 's supporters had orchestrated a campaign of beatings , intimidation and murders against Tsvangirai supporters . Earlier this month , Russia and China vetoed a Security Council resolution pushed by the United States , Britain and France that would have imposed international sanctions on Mugabe and senior members of his government . Bush said last week he was "  displeased " at the vetoes , but the Treasury and State Departments were working on potential U.S. action . Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs Jendayi Frazer told members of Congress last week that more than 100 people have been murdered , more than 3,000 have been injured by beatings or torture and more than 30,000 have been driven from their homes because of violence that broke out after the general election . Entities designated by the Treasury Department include Minerals Marketing Corp. of Zimbabwe , the company that serves as the sole marketing and export agent for all minerals mined in Zimbabwe except gold and silver ; Zimbabwe Mining Development Corp. ; and Zimbabwe Iron and Steel Co. , among others . The individual named is Thamer Bin Saeed Ahmed al-Shanfari . The Treasury Department said he is an Omani national who has close ties to Mugabe and his top officials and uses his company , Oryx Natural Resources , to "  enable Mugabe ... to maintain access to , and derive personal benefit from , various mining ventures in the Democratic Republic of the Congo . Under the sanctions , any assets tied to al-Shanfari or to the designated companies that are within U.S. jurisdictions must be frozen , and people living in the United States are prohibited from doing business with them . On Monday , Mugabe and Tsvangirai signed an agreement that paves the way for power-sharing talks to take place in the next few weeks . They will be mediated by South African President Thabo Mbeki , as a representative of the Southern African Development Community , and Jean Ping , chairman of the African Union Commission . Bush said Friday the United States is ready to provide a "  substantial assistance package , development aid and normalization with international financial institutions " should those talks result in a new government "  that reflects the will of the Zimbabwean people . " In the meantime , the president said he is authorizing the use of up to $ 2.5 million from the U.S. Emergency Refugee and Migration Assistance Fund to assist Zimbabwean refugees and those displaced by the violence . In addition , he said the United States will continue efforts to provide food and medical care to Zimbabweans .	U.S. President Bush signs order expanding sanctions against Zimbabwe In written statement , Bush calls Robert Mugabe 's government "  illegitimate " Russia , China have vetoed U.N. resolution calling for international sanctions Mugabe , Tsvangirai have signed agreement paving way for power-sharing talks
Chalk one up for the first two bulls at Spain 's top annual bullfighting festival . Between them , they gored or bashed three bullfighters , putting them out of action , and forcing authorities to suspend a bullfight at the San Isidro Festival in Madrid for the first time in 35 years , said a spokesman for Las Ventas bullring , who by custom is not identified . In front of a sold-out crowd of 24,000 at the historic bullring on Tuesday -- and a national television audience -- the first bull , weighing just over half a ton  532 kilograms  gored the first bullfighter , David Mora , in the left leg . He had to leave to get medical treatment . But the tradition says the bull must die , so in stepped the second bullfighter , Antonio Nazare , who finished him off . Next , it was time for the second bull , weighing slightly more than the first at 537 kilograms . He would prove even more dangerous . The third bullfighter , Saul Jimenez Fortes , started with him , but Nazare , who as second bullfighter on the card would normally have faced the second bull , exercised his right to step in , replacing Jimenez in the ring . But the second bull promptly butted Nazare so hard in the knees that he had to be carted off to the on-site infirmary . That left Jimenez as the last bullfighter standing , so he again entered the ring , still facing the second bull . As he moved in for the kill , he was gored in the right leg , but managed to stay afoot until the bull died . Then Jimenez joined his colleagues in the infirmary . There were still four more bulls to fight that day , out of the usual six on the card . But no more bullfighters in the shiny suit of lights . So authorities called it off . The San Isidro festival , named for Madrid 's patron saint , features 31 fights this year , from May 9 to June 8 . It pays top dollar to the top bullfighters . The three injured bullfighters are recovering in a hospital . And the four bulls that did n't fight were returned to their ranches , safe and sound . Spain 's Catalonia region bans centuries-old bullfighting	Two bulls put three bullfighters out of commission The annual festival is Spain 's largest 31 bullfights make up the event , from May 9 to June 8
CNN  -- A federal court session for a man who tried to enter the United States allegedly with a veritable potpourri of weaponry and related paraphernalia was delayed Tuesday , leaving unanswered until a rescheduled hearing Friday questions about the man , his baggage and his intentions . Yongda Huang Harris , a U.S. citizen of Chinese decent , was detained in the international arrivals area of Los Angeles International Airport last Friday , and charged with one count of transporting hazardous materials . He faces a series of court dates , beginning with Friday 's detention hearing . He wo n't enter a plea until October 29 . Authorities were alerted at the airport about a man did n't look like the typical airline passenger . He stood out in his trench coach with a bulletproof vest , flame retardant pants and knee pads underneath . But it is what authorities said they found when they inspected the man 's luggage that landed him in jail . A smoke grenade , knives , a hatchet , three billy clubs , a respirator and body bags were among the items in his checked bags . Harris ' lawyer , Steve Seiden , declined CNN 's request for comment Tuesday . Harris , 28 , boarded a plane in Kansai , Japan , on Friday and made a stop in Inchon , Korea , before flying to the United States , according to a federal affidavit . Customs and Border Protection officers at LAX decided to pull Harris for secondary inspection . According to the affidavit , Harris was asked by customs enforcement officers if he wanted to amend his customs declaration form . Harris said he had a knife but did n't mention any other items , the court document states . The affidavit said that Harris ' suitcases contained : * A pyrotechnic smoke grenade capable of covering an area of 40,000 cubic feet with smoke * Three lead-filled , leather-coated billy clubs * A collapsible baton * A full-face respirator * Various knives and a hatchet * Body bags * A Tyvex biohazard suit and various masks * Duct tape and batteries * Oven mitts and cooking tongs * Hand cuffs , leg irons , and plastic flexi-cuffs * A device to repel dogs Harris lives and works in Japan but has a permanent home in Boston , officials said . The charge against him could bring up to five years in prison upon conviction .	Man was arrested at LAX on Friday in international arrivals area He was dressed suspiciously and authorities pulled him aside for another inspection When they opened his checked bags they found a smoke bomb , knives , other items He faces up to five years in prison
A tranquil town in North Dakota could lose its serenity if one man has his way . Paul Craig Cobb wants to transform Leith , population 24 , into a community that mirrors his white supremacist views . This weekend , white supremacists and others are expected to descend on the town in a show of support for him . Cobb said he envisions Leith as a place where white nationalist banners will be flown , where white culture would be celebrated , and where minorities would not be welcome . His white power takeover would begin with getting political control over Leith . But his ambitions go way beyond this one small town . Cobb said he wants this movement to spread to other communities , other nations , even around the world , though he does not explain how he would do this . "  I do n't understand why all the different other people do n't say ` whitey ' is pretty darn nice and clever , " Cobb said . "  There are many organizations  in  which whites have to support other cultures ... Where is the organization of people from around the world that says let 's keep these white people ? ... They 're pretty darn good , all in all . " Cobb is one of the best known white supremacists in North America , according to the Southern Poverty Law Center . "  He believes whites should be separate from other races , " said Heidi Beirich of the Southern Poverty Law Center . "  He 's also an anti-semite , a raging anti-semite ... And he 's a member of the creativity religion , which is a religion that literally worships the Aryan man instead of God . " Cobb 's quest to change Leith began about two years ago with the purchase of property . Leith , a quiet town where you can hear the crickets chirp and the grain elevator run , is 70 miles southwest of Bismarck . It is part of Grant County , North Dakota 's third largest county by land mass at more than 1 million acres , according to its website . The communities there once buzzed with activity from nearby railroads , but all that is gone . Cobb , 61 , said he picked Leith because it was beautiful and cheap . He has bought 12 plots of land for as little as $ 500 each . He wants like-minded people affiliated with white nationalist organizations to take up residence on his properties . "  We hate that which threatens what we love , " he said . "  And we 're being genocided in our own country . Would n't you ? Would n't you be bitter about it ? " Reaction of other residents Other residents of Leith are trying to make sense of the developments . "  It is very shocking , because I did n't ever know groups like this existed , " said Mayor Ryan Schock , who has lived in the town his whole life . Miller Ferrie , a Leith resident for seven years , said the town 's peace has been shattered . "  It saddens us , because of what they stand for , " she said . "  If they were coming to hold a rally for Christ we would be thrilled , but what they stand for is the opposite of what we believe . " Leith 's lone black resident , Bobby Harper , feels under threat . Harper 's wife said she has received messages from hate groups calling for her to leave her husband and join Cobb 's movement . "  It made me afraid , " Sherill Harper said . "  If his goal is to just have only white people here , where do my husband and I go ? " Bobby Harper said he had no plans to leave , even if Cobb 's supporters came in and started controlling the town . The sheriff of Grant County said he is keeping a close eye on the situation . "  I 'm a firm believer that everyone has a right to believe what they want , just not the ability to force the issue on someone else , " said Steven Bay , also a lifetime resident of Grant County . He said because Cobb has not broken the law , there is not much he can do . Bay has talked to Canadian authorities several times , because Cobb is a wanted man in Canada -- where he faces hate speech charges over a blog . "  They 're not going to extradite , " Bay said . "  It 's not a crime for which they will extradite someone from the U.S. back to Canada . " Town hall meeting This Sunday the National Socialist Movement , a white supremacist group , will hold a meeting in Leith . On its website , the group calls the gesture a show of goodwill "  as we plant the seeds of national socialism in North Dakota . " Jeff Schoep , the commander of the movement , who claims to have property in Leith , wrote an open letter to Leith 's mayor announcing the group 's decision to head to Leith on September 22 and 23 in a show of support for Cobb . He said Cobb 's efforts are a chance to revitalize the community . Nationalist online message boards such as WhiteNations.com and Stormfront have also applauded Cobb for "  doing a great job " and jibing critics as "  laughable . " Anti-racist activists are also expected to descend on Leith this weekend . One of this effort 's organizers told the Bismarck Tribune that he and others are hoping people will join them for a peaceful show of solidarity . Meanwhile , town and county officials said they would consider extreme measures to avoid Leith being taken over by white supremacists . Mayor Schock said he would consider dissolving the city in order to save the city . But he hopes it does n't come to that . Meanwhile , is there anything that would persuade Cobb to depart the town ? If the government decides the "  send four dozen Somali families to Leith , " Cobb said , that would convince him to leave .	Paul Craig Cobb has been trying to turn Leith into a white nationalist community The National Socialist Movement plans to have meeting in Leith on Sunday Leith residents are watching developments with concern The town 's lone black resident and his wife feel threatened and uncertain
CNN  -- Before you 're outraged at yet another story on Maria Kang , the mom who sparked outrage with her scantily clad "  What 's your excuse ? " photo , or Caroline Berg Eriksen , the fitness blogger who created a firestorm after posting a shot that she claimed was just four days after giving birth , hear me out . This is not a story about them , why they did what they did , whether they are "  fat-shaming " by posting the photos or how on Earth they have time to look like that as moms . No , this is not about them : It 's about us . Why do those post-pregnancy fitness selfies and photos get under our skin so much ? And if they make us so upset , why do we keep looking at them ? Kang 's Facebook photo , where she shows off her washboard stomach alongside her three toddlers , has been seen more than 16 million times . "  I think it makes us crazy because you are either one of two people : You either have the resources and ability and time to work your booty off all through pregnancy and immediately afterward in order to have that body , or you 're genetically blessed , and not many of us fall into those two camps , " said Stephanie Dulli , a Washington mom of two young boys and founder of the blog Stephanie Says . Dulli , who battled an eating disorder when she was younger , said part of the frustration comes from having to no longer just compete with the models and actresses who seem to bounce back immediately after giving birth . Now there 's also pressure from other moms on social media . "  It taps into a really seventh-grade place in us where we feel bad about ourselves , " Dulli said with a chuckle , remembering what she described as the "  You 're pretty , so I 'm ugly , " mentality of middle school . "  It can just be hard to take , but I think it says more about me when I get upset about it than it does the person who posted the picture . " Claire Mysko , spokeswoman for the National Eating Disorders Association , says the vitriolic online response to these post-pregnancy photos stems from women who "  have had it up to here with this post-baby body reveal business . " "  I do n't think it 's helpful to shame individuals who post pictures of themselves ... but I understand the frustration , and I think it 's coming from this post-baby body fatigue , " said Mysko , co-author of the book "  Does this Pregnancy Make Me Look Fat ? " "  We 're just really hit over the head with this message constantly that  losing weight  should be our priority as new mothers , and it 's a really , really skewed way of looking at things . " ` Pregorexia ' : Extreme dieting while pregnant Maggie Baumann suffered from an extreme obsession with weight during her second pregnancy , battling what 's become known as "  pregorexia . " She worries about the messages these photos might be sending to women and girls . "  It 's not just moms looking at these pictures , " said Baumann , of Newport Beach , California , who is now an eating disorder specialist and trauma therapist . "  There are teens looking at these pictures thinking , ` OK , this is how I 'm supposed to look after I have a baby . ' ... It can start eating disorders . " Baumann says "  99.99 % " of women who give birth wo n't look like Berg Eriksen four days later , but a good chunk of those same women ca n't stop themselves from comparing their body with hers . "  We automatically compare , " Baumann said . "  When you see pictures like this , it 's kind of like , ` So what 's wrong with me ? Why ca n't I do that ? ' " The Pregnancy Hunger Games Radio host and television personality Jenny Hutt , co-host of HLN 's "  Dr. Drew On Call , " said the driving force for the upset is our own insecurities . "  It is the same insecurity that makes us look at other people 's Facebook pages and wonder if our lives are n't measuring up , " Hutt said . "  We compare because the people who look thinner , more gorgeous , happier , better engaged in their relationships ... highlight our own feelings of less-than . " Why ca n't we turn away ? If these post-pregnancy photos ultimately make us feel worse about ourselves , why do n't we try to avoid them in the first place ? Instead of turning away from them , we seem to click on them , share them and comment on them . "  It 's culturally ingrained in us that our worth is graded by our beauty , " Dulli said . "  The first thing that 's said to us is ` Are n't you cute ? Are n't you pretty ? ' " When we get older , logically we realize that we are about more than our looks , Dulli said , although she concedes it 's so easy to fall back into bad habits . IReport : The girl in the mirror is my enemy "  It still can tap a chord in you . ... It floods the system , almost , and you ca n't think logically . You react emotionally , and I 'm guilty of that as well . " Mysko said it 's especially hard for women to shut out the images because they 're "  in our faces all of the time . " When or if the images start to make women ask themselves the question , "  What 's wrong with me ? Because I do n't look like that , " Mysko recommends some mental refocusing . "  It 's just constantly repeating to yourself , ` No , it 's not me . It 's this message , and I need to not absorb this , ' " she said . Why can we be so mean ? The backlash against Kang and Berg Eriksen was immediate and overwhelmingly negative from the start and is another example , in my humble opinion , of how nasty we women can be to each other . "  The biggest issue to me is the lack of honesty , " said Hutt , the radio and television host and mom of two . "  If we own our own insecurities and doubts ... then maybe we will congratulate each other when there 's an authentic win -- like a job promotion or a great  picture  in a bathing suit after giving birth , or even the win of the best body gene pool , " she said . She added this nugget , which I love : If we focus on what makes us unique , maybe the "  instinct to be bitter about someone who has something  we  do n't will dissipate . " Mysko says we can also do something else . The next time we 're about to comment on someone 's post-baby weight , we can shift the conversation . "  When you find yourself tempted to compliment somebody on how  they got  the baby weight off , just take a moment and stop yourself and think about what else you could ask about and something that might ... take it to a deeper level . " Follow Kelly Wallace on Twitter , and like CNN Living on Facebook .	Recent post-pregnancy photos and selfies went viral and sparked outrage online Photo by Maria Kang with caption "  What 's your excuse ? " seen more than 16 million times Some moms say the angry response is due to "  post-baby body fatigue " "  We 're really just hit over the head with this message , " said one expert
Melamchi , Nepal  CNN  Even from high above , flying in an Indian Air Force helicopter , it is easy to see that the people of Melamchi , central Nepal , are happy to see us . Residents in this remote village , about a 44km drive from Nepal 's capital , Kathmandu , stand on the distinctive steeply terraced hillsides and wave furiously as the relief flight passes overhead . The mission , a joint effort between Indian air crew and a Nepalese army medical team , is only the third operation of its kind to reach the village since Saturday 's massive 7.8-magnitude quake , which left more than 5,000 people dead . The aircraft is stuffed to capacity with tents , medicines and packages of tinned tuna , instant noodles and rice , all bundled haphazardly aboard the Mi-17 by soldiers at the air base in Kathmandu barely 15 minutes earlier . Local official Upendra Tamang is there to greet the helicopter as it touches down on a field in front of the village medical clinic , and waiting soldiers swing into action to unload the delivery . He says people have been desperately awaiting the supplies . The situation in Melamchi and the surrounding villages is "  dire , " he tells CNN through a translator . According to Nepal 's National Emergency Operation Center , 1,376 people were killed in Sindhupalchok District , where Melamchi is located , when the earthquake hit . Some 18,000 houses were destroyed and 100,000 people have been displaced in the surrounding area , says Tamang . "  Everyone is sleeping outside , " he says . He has serious concerns about food supplies in the region , saying the piled boxes of rice and noodles are n't nearly enough to meet the needs of local people . "  Aid agencies need to do something very quickly , " he says . In the days since the quake , injured people from the region have been told to find their way to Melamchi so they can be picked up by the relief flights , he says . They 've sent about 500 of the most seriously injured people for treatment in Kathmandu already -- the majority by road -- but many more are stuck in a local clinic waiting for help . Seven of them , five women and two men , are suddenly driven onto the airfield in a truck and on the back of a pickup . Their injuries are not life-threatening , but they look to be in a bad state : bloodied , exhausted and traumatized . An elderly woman 's face is covered in bandages that look like they have n't been changed in days . Another cries in pain as she is loaded on to a stretcher from the back of the pickup , then awkwardly hoisted on to the helicopter . Among the injured brought on board the flight is Forshani Tamang , accompanied by her son . He tells CNN their family lives in a village called Bachunde , where nearly all the houses were destroyed . He and other family members carried Forshani for four hours to reach Melamchi . With their home destroyed and their stores of grain lost , the family are in crisis . As the helicopter takes off for the capital , flying over a landscape dotted with collapsed buildings and bright orange tents , Nepalese army doctor Naveen Tiwari offers perhaps the only positive for those on board . The patients ' injuries are mostly lacerations of varying degrees , he says . Their vital signs are all stable , and with antibiotics and intravenous drips , they should recover . When the helicopter touches down at Kathmandu airbase , the patients are swiftly unloaded and unceremoniously laid out on the tarmac in the emergency triage area in front of an aircraft hangar , and paramedics scramble to administer IV drips to those in need As Forshani 's son feeds her a cracker softened with water , the relief team turn to prepare for another mission . How you can help victims of the Nepal earthquakeNepal earthquake 's victims overwhelm hospitals	Indian Air Force and Nepalese Army medical team launch rescue mission to bring injured people to hospitals in Kathmandu Forshani Tamang 's family carried her for four hours to reach help after she was wounded when their home was destroyed
Washington  CNN  -- Shortly after Elena Kagan left the White House in 1999 to teach at her alma mater , Harvard Law School , the nationwide controversy over military recruiting on campus had just begun to heat up . Kagan and fellow academics had actively sought to block military recruiters from Harvard because of the Pentagon 's "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy on removing openly homosexual service members . Kagan later supported other schools challenging a federal law -- known as the Solomon Amendment -- requiring that recruiters be given equal access or face the loss of federal funding . The Supreme Court unanimously upheld the law on March 6 , 2006 . Just four months after taking the job as Harvard 's dean , in October 2003 , Kagan offered students her thoughts in a campuswide e-mail , saying that to give recruiters equal access to the campus "  causes me deep distress . I abhor the military 's discriminatory recruitment policy . " She called it "  a profound wrong -- a moral injustice of the first order . " The same week as the high court 's 2006 ruling in favor of the military , a top Pentagon official wrote colleagues in an internal memo of the department 's efforts "  to limit the polarizing nature of the anti-Solomonites who now rattle sabers over an intent to shout down the military . " William Carr , then deputy undersecretary for military personnel policy , noted , "  Dean Kagan is a case in point because she reportedly ` encouraged students to demonstrate against the presence of recruiters ...  and  to express their views clearly and forcefully . ' Not a true fan of ` equality and scope ' it would appear . " In Rumsfeld v. FAIR , the high court unanimously upheld the Solomon Amendment . "  A military recruiter 's mere presence on campus does not violate a law school 's right to associate , regardless of how repugnant the law school considers the recruiter 's message , " said Chief Justice John Roberts . Before that ruling , the issue at Harvard was how much access to allow the recruiters . Kagan sought to have campus visits coordinated by student veteran groups , not the Career Services office , and wanted the military not to appear alongside civilian recruiters . Negotiations with the Pentagon and Harvard continued for years , with frustration expressed by both sides . Documents released by the Pentagon over the weekend show that overall , Kagan 's involvement was minimal and that the ultimate decision allowing military access was made by the school 's president , Larry Summers . But the memos show the two apparently clashed over the issue . Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , said Saturday that Kagan acted responsibly and allowed military recruiters at the Harvard Law School . "  The materials produced by the Department of Defense provide further documentation that military recruiters were never barred from the campus of Harvard Law School , neither before Elena Kagan became dean , nor during her tenure , " Leahy said in a written statement . "  The unfair charge made by some that Elena Kagan broke the law as dean continues to have no basis in law or fact . " But the panel 's ranking member , Sen. Jeff Sessions R-Alabama , has been very outspoken over Kagan 's handing of the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " controversy . "  Do n't ask , do n't tell was created and implemented by President Clinton . Where was her outrage during the five years she served in the Clinton White House ? Why would she blame the military ? They did n't pass the rule . It was Congress and the president , " Sessions said . "  Instead of taking a stand in Washington , Ms. Kagan waited until she got to Harvard and stood in the way of devoted , hardworking military recruiters . "	Kagan sought to block military recruiters from Harvard because of "  Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell " Said in memo , "  I abhor the military 's discriminatory recruitment policy " Documents show decision allowing military access made by school president , not Kagan Leahy says Kagan acted responsibly and allowed recruiters at Harvard Law School
CNN  -- Gov. David Paterson pledged to keep fighting for same-sex marriage in New York after the state Senate on Wednesday killed a bill that would have legalized the practice . The bill had Paterson 's support and had passed the state Assembly . Supporters predicted a close vote going into Wednesday 's Senate debate . But eight of Paterson 's fellow Democrats , including two members of the Senate leadership , joined a unanimous Republican caucus on the 38-24 vote . In a statement issued Wednesday afternoon , Paterson said , "  It is always darkest before the dawn . "  As disappointed as we are today , let 's get up tomorrow and redouble our efforts , " he said . "  We are going to lay the foundation to make people feel comfortable to vote their conscience and not fear political backlash . " iReport : Protesters flock to Times Square Supporters promised to bring back the bill for "  as many do-overs as is necessary to get us home , " as Majority Leader Pedro Espada put it before the vote . "  There 's never a good time for civil rights . There 's never , ever , ever , ever a good time for civil rights . I know . I get that , " said Sen. Tom Duane , a Manhattan Democrat who was the chamber 's first openly gay member . "  But the paradox is , it 's always the time to be on the right side of history . " Only one senator spoke against the bill during Wednesday 's debate . Sen. Ruben Diaz argued that the issue should be put to a statewide referendum and pointed out that 31 states have banned same-sex marriages in statewide votes . Diaz , a Democrat and a Pentecostal minister from the Bronx , said many New York religious leaders opposed the bill and called on Republicans to join him in defending "  traditional values . " "  If we take it to the people , the people oppose it , " he said . But a Marist College poll released Wednesday found that 51 percent of New Yorkers questioned favored legalizing same-sex marriage , with 42 percent opposed . A June poll by Qunnipiac University poll reported a similar spread of 51 percent to 41 percent . iReport : Signs read ' I un-heart NY ' And Sen. Eric Adams , a Brooklyn Democrat , said that most of the 31 states Diaz cited as voting against same-sex marriage "  at one time or another sold blacks into slavery . " "  Because the majority is in one place does not mean they 're in the right place , " he said . "  We 're in the position right now where we have to lead the country to the right place . " Passage would have made New York the sixth U.S. state to legalize same-sex marriage and only the second , along with New Hampshire , to do so without a court 's prodding . Connecticut , Vermont , Massachusetts and Iowa also have legalized marriages between gay couples , but federal law bars recognition of those unions across state lines . CNN 's Evan Buxbaum contributed to this story .	"  Let 's get up tomorrow and redouble our efforts , " governor says Supporters vow to bring back measure legalizing same-sex marriage "  The people oppose it , " Democrat says in arguing against bill Recent polls found narrow margin of New Yorkers support same-sex marriage
CNN  -- Sometimes , the effects of fame can ripple like a stone dropped in a pond . A YouTube video shows a Minnesota wedding party dancing down the aisle . Take the case of Minnesota residents Kevin Heinz and Jill Peterson . The couple had a fun idea for their wedding party to do a nontraditional procession to a catchy tune , "  Forever " by Chris Brown . The joyous video of the group busting their loosely choreographed moves down the aisle went viral after the newlyweds posted it on YouTube . Soon they were being deluged by the media and flown to New York to appear on national television . Since then , millions have watched the funky wedding march and helped transform Heinz and Peterson into instant celebrities . Amy Carlson Gustafson , a pop culture reporter for the St. Paul Pioneer Press , reported on the story that she said has not only stirred up the hometown folks , but also showed a different side of Minnesota . "  I think people are loving it , " she said . "  It 's really fun and it 's especially fun in Minnesota where a lot of people think we are a bunch of uptight Scandinavians who sit around and say ` You betcha . ' This video helps to debunk that a little bit . " That sense of fun and whimsy has enchanted many and led to Heinz and Peterson being sought for interviews by everyone from their local publications to the major networks . Watch guests at the wedding discuss the experience " But they have apparently also learned quickly about the downside of fame . The New York Post reported the pair was caught in the crossfire of the battle of the morning shows . According to the newspaper , ABC flew Heinz and Peterson to the Big Apple after booking them to appear on "  Good Morning America . " Things soured , the paper 's Page Six column reported , after ABC learned the couple had also taped a segment for the rival "  Today " show , which aired before the couple 's appearance on "  Good Morning America . " Adding fuel to the fire was a planned live re-creation of the dance by the wedding party scheduled for Saturday morning on "  Today . " When it appeared that Heinz and Peterson were n't adhering to the age-old "  dance with who brung ya " rule , their ABC-sponsored hotel and flight home were canceled , the paper said . "  We 've been kicked out of our room , " Heinz told the Post after the incident . "  New York is cutthroat . That 's what we 've learned . " "  Today " reportedly stepped in and secured a new room and flight for Heinz and Peterson . Reporter Gustafson said she spoke with mother-of-the-bride Marge Peterson , who said her daughter and new son-in-law were done talking to the media . "  They are not used to this type of publicity , " Gustafson said . Shane Mercado can relate . The 27-year-old from New York posted a video last year of himself mimicking step-for-step Beyonce 's dance moves from her "  Single Ladies  Put A Ring On It  " music video . Mercado said he did it at the suggestion of a friend and before he knew it , he was a YouTube sensation . "  Once I did it I thought ` What did I just do ? ' " he recalled . "  The response was overwhelming . " Soon , Mercado was a minor celebrity being asked for autographs and dancing his routine on the "  Bonnie Hunt Show . " "  Extra " even arranged for him to surprise Beyonce on the red carpet during the premier of her film "  Cadillac Records " Not only did the superstar singer know who he was , Mercado said , but so did other celebs . "  The actress Gabrielle Union knew who I was , " Mercado said . "  That just blew me away . ' Mercado said he does n't consider himself famous and finds the notoriety humbling . The loss of anonymity is challenging , he said . Suddenly , the number of people "  in your business " dramatically increases . He said he can imagine how Heinz and Peterson are feeling : overwhelmed . "  That was their -LSB- wedding -RSB- and it was probably very private to them , " Mercado said . "  It can be a bit much to handle and if they were not ready to handle it , then it 's not a good thing . " Being sucked into a vortex of whirlwind publicity can be a heady experience , said Atlanta , Georgia-based photographer Ross Oscar Knight . Two years ago , Knight photographed an elaborately staged engagement planned by Robert Gray Jr. to surprise his girlfriend , Keisha Williams . Gray rented 10 rooms at the Ritz-Carlton , Buckhead , and filled them with rose petals , candles , and music . As Gray led Williams to each room , friends and family were waiting with well wishes and prayers , all leading up to his proposal . A slide show of Knight 's pictures of the moving event scored millions of hits and crashed several sites linking to it , the photographer said . "  I immediately started getting calls from all over the world , " Knight said . "  We got an extra phone line because so many calls were coming in . " Not only were people touched , but many also wanted to have their engagements documented , Knight said , so there are sure to be dancing-down-the-aisle videos to come . Knight said Gray and Williams , whose fairy-tale engagement attracted the attention of national publications like Essence Magazine , have married but decided to do so quietly after shutting down a Web site they had started to keep fans updated . "  They did a private ceremony because they did n't want any of that released to the media , " Knight said . "  I think they got to see stardom and what can happen when there is so much of a focus put on you . " Someone else who has also been thrust into the spotlight , albeit again , is singer Chris Brown , whose song the Heinz-Peterson wedding party danced to . Despite increased demand on iTunes for the single "  Forever " and speculation by media outlets like Gawker.com that the wedding video could help rehabilitate Brown 's image , US Weekly staff editor Lindsay Powers said she does n't believe all will be forgiven . Brown , who has publicly apologized for assaulting his girlfriend , the singer Rihanna , has a long way to go before the tide of public opinion can be swayed , Powers said . "  I think that Chris Brown has had considerable career damage over these past couple of months , " she said . "  I think that people are going to say that 's a catchy song , they 'll go to iTunes and download it to their iPods , but I do n't think that because people like the song they are going to like Chris Brown . "	Minnesota couple instant stars after YouTube wedding video goes viral Dancing wedding party garners fans , draws media attention Fellow YouTube star says attention "  can be a bit much to handle " Popularity of video has also sparked interest in the Chris Brown tune featured
Washington  CNN  -- Eight weeks after the massacre of 20 Connecticut first-graders , a ban on the kind of semi-automatic rifle used by the killer remains elusive -- if not impossible . Such a ban became a rallying cry for victims ' families , advocacy groups and politicians supporting tougher gun laws in the emotional aftermath of the Newtown shootings in December . President Barack Obama still calls for updating a 1994 assault weapons ban that expired 10 years later as part of his package of steps intended to reduce chronic gun violence in America , especially in major cities . However , fierce opposition by the powerful National Rifle Association and millions of American gun owners has shifted debate away from prohibiting specific weapons to making it harder for criminals , terrorists and the mentally ill to obtain guns . Along with a renewed ban on semi-automatic weapons , Obama also wants to limit magazine clips to 10 rounds , expand background checks to all gun sales , crack down on gun trafficking , and strengthen efforts to prevent firearms from falling into the wrong hands . The multi-faceted proposal provided Congress with options on legislation , enhancing chances of passing some provisions , said Lanae Erickson Hatalsky , director of social policy and politics at Third Way , a Washington think tank that proposes policy compromises on major issues . Gun violence plans : What 's in the works While her group supports a renewed ban on military style weapons , Erickson Hatalsky said "  political reality " dictated a different approach . "  Keeping guns out of the wrong hands is not only more politically palatable but also more effective to stop gun violence , " she explained . That strategy reflects "  an understanding of gun crime in the country , " she added . Opinion polls back up her assertion . A Quinnipiac University survey released Thursday showed that 92 % of respondents support expanding background checks to all gun sales . In households with guns , support was 91 % . However , a majority of households with guns opposed a renewed ban on semi-automatic weapons , while the full survey showed 56 % of respondents backed the provision . The poll also found that 46 % of respondents believe the NRA better reflects their views on guns , compared to 43 % for Obama . Newtown calls on Connecticut to ` show America the way ' on gun control Diverse views in America Obama acknowledged on Thursday that Americans have diverse views on the issue , depending on where they grew up and how they live . "  There are different realities and we have to respect them , " he told House Democrats at their policy retreat , noting rural hunters and urban dwellers come from distinct gun cultures . At the same time , the president called for action , saying "  there are commonsense steps we can take and build a consensus around , and we can not shy away from taking them . " Earlier this week , White House spokesman Jay Carney made clear that the goal was progress on reducing gun violence , rather than any specific provision . Carney called proposals backed by legislators from both parties "  the first progress we 've seen in many , many years dealing with gun violence . " But none of the measures he mentioned -- expanded background checks , cracking down on gun trafficking , criminalizing "  straw " purchases in which legal buyers obtain weapons for those unable to do so -- included a new ban on semi-automatic weapons . Gun debate : Where is the middle ground ? NRA President Bob Keene said he expected few substantive changes in law because "  people are smarter than politicians , " which means "  common sense ultimately prevails . " "  They hope that they can use emotion to achieve an anti-firearms agenda that they have n't been able to achieve in the past , " Keene told a recent Christian Science Monitor breakfast event . "  I am convinced that as these things are discussed , that we 're going to come out about where we have come out in the past , " he added . His organization keeps a scorecard for each Washington legislator on gun issues , and spends millions on campaign contributions to favored candidates . In the nearly two months since the Newtown shootings , Obama and the White House have sought to maintain public attention on the issue . Loaded language poisons gun debate Vice President Joe Biden will take part in a roundtable discussion on gun violence on Monday in Philadelphia . Four days later , Obama will award the Presidential Citizens Medal -- the nation 's second-highest civiian honor -- posthumously to the six educators killed with the 20 first-graders at Sandy Hook Elementary School . In Congress , some influential Democrats join virtually all Republicans in opposing , or at least questioning , a renewed ban on semi-automatic weapons like the Bushmaster AR-15-style rifle used in the Newtown shootings . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , who gets high marks from the NRA for his opposition to past gun control efforts , has indicated support for expanding background checks but refuses to endorse a new weapons ban . According to Reid , a bill from the Senate Judiciary Committee was unlikely to include an updated weapons ban , but he would allow a vote on the provision during floor debate . Weapons like the Bushmaster mimic the appearance and some features of fully automatic military rifles , though they technically do not meet the definition of an assault weapon because they are semi-automatic -- meaning each shot requires a trigger pull . Supporters of a ban say such weapons have no place in the general public because they are designed solely for rapid-fire killing capacity , rather than hunting or sport shooting . Opinion : Nothing stops a bullet like a job Right to bear arms The NRA and other opponents contend that any limit on private gun ownership violates the constitutional right to bear arms . Even partial steps in that direction , such as prohibiting specific models , are considered a path to potential confiscation or other future elimination of Second Amendment rights , they argue . In recent decades , the NRA has led lobbying efforts that shifted the discussion away from stronger gun controls -- such as an outright ban on handguns and a national registration of gun ownership pushed by top Democrats in the 1980s and 90s -- to the incremental measures under consideration now . Erickson Hatalsky of Third Way noted examples of the NRA 's influence in the last significant gun legislation -- the Brady Bill of 1993 that required background checks on guns purchased from licensed dealers , followed by the limited assault weapons ban a year later . While the Brady Bill led to the background check system in use today , the NRA made sure it did n't apply to private sales , such as those at gun shows , she said . How the violent mentally ill can buy guns Obama and other Democrats now want to close what they call a loophole to make background checks a requirement for any gun sale . The issue gained prominence after the Columbine high school shootings in 1999 in which three guns used by the two underage killers had been purchased by 18-year-old Robyn Anderson at a Colorado gun show to avoid a background check . Anderson later told a Colorado House of Representatives committee that the gun purchases had been "  too easy . " "  I wish it had been more difficult , " she said . "  I would n't have helped them buy the guns if I had faced a background check . " The 1994 weapons ban targeting military style weapons was gone 10 years later , when Congress let it expire in the administration of President George W. Bush -- an outcome sought by the NRA . Keene and other NRA officials argue the ban failed to reduce gun violence because it targeted firearms used in only a fraction of the nation 's gun violence . They also contend the government is n't properly enforcing the background checks created by Brady Bill , making an expansion illogical . "  We are not willing to support measures we feel unduly burden innocent and law-abiding Americans , and on the other side do not have any real impact on the problem we 're trying to solve , " Keene said . To Erickson Hatalsky , the goal is to get laws on the books that make it harder for criminals , terrorists and the mentally ill to obtain guns -- either through private sales or from traffickers through straw purchases . Minor exceptions would apply to family members giving guns to each other , or people borrowing guns on a hunting ground , she said . "  How are they going to stop somebody who 's a gun trafficker if there 's no federal law against that now , " she wondered . January 's FBI gun background checks are second-highest Limits on magazine rounds A tougher issue involves proposed limits on ammunition magazines to 10 rounds , she said . Larger capacity magazines allow semi-automatic weapons to fire dozens of rounds in seconds . At a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on gun control last week , Mark Kelly argued that the proposed limit could have prevented the death of a young girl in the Tucson , Arizona , attack that seriously wounded his wife -- former Rep. Gabrielle Giffords . According to Kelly , the 13th shot fired killed 9-year-old Christina-Taylor Green , and the shooter got tackled when trying to reload . With a 10-round limit , Green might still be alive , he said . Gabby and Mark : The new ` Bradys ' of gun control The NRA and its supporters say larger-capacity magazines are popular , with millions already in the possession of American gun owners who want them to feel secure against criminals armed with similar firepower . They also contend citizens have the right to such weaponry to protect against future government tyranny , which they say was the intent of the Second Amendment 's right to bear arms . Erickson Hatalsky rejected any inference by the NRA or its supporters that Obama 's proposals or other measures being discussed in Congress amount to taking away people 's guns . She praised the president 's strategy of presenting a broad package for Congress to consider , saying : "  It behooves people who are working on this issue to keep the NRA arguing about lots of different issues , rather than allowing it to concentrate on one and defeat it . " Ted Nugent sings praises of gun ownership CNN 's Halimah Abdullah contributed to this report .	NEW : President Obama will honor the six educators killed in the Newtown shooting Obama includes a partial weapons ban in his package of gun measures The National Rifle Association mounts fierce opposition to any kind of ban A policy expert says political reality shifts the debate from a ban to background checks
CNN  -- Safety in a free , democratic society ca n't rely solely on armed security agents or gun laws . Laws require the consent of those who are governed by them , and the police can not be everywhere all the time . Like it or not , our safety is based on what John Locke referred to as the social contract . This contract carries the implicit understanding that in exchange for living with order and safety , we give up some degree of freedom . That "  freedom , " if we want to call it that , is the tacit agreement not to act on impulses that might lead to us harm others . For the most part it works . We usually go about our lives without worrying if we will be attacked walking the streets , shopping , watching a movie or going to school . The shooting in Newtown , Connecticut , serves as pointed reminder that our social contract is breaking down . That is because the most recent shooting was not an isolated incident . In December , an armed assailant killed two people before killing himself at a shopping mall in Portland , Oregon . In July , a gunman slaughtered 12 people in a movie theater in Aurora , Colorado . The list goes on and on . Given the frequency of these attacks it is clear they can longer be treated as aberrations or simply explained away as actions by deranged man who had easy access to weapons . Of course , part of that is true . In each case , mentally ill men with easy access to semi-automatic assault rifles devised ways to take innocent lives . That is why those who think that we can solve this problem through additional security and gun control alone are fooling themselves . Who knows when or where the next mentally ill killer will plot an attack ? We live in a violent society with far too many guns , far too much anger and way too much alienation . The real problem is that the social contract is fraying . The bonds that should prevent individuals from harming one another have deteriorated . If all we do to seek solutions to the threat of violence is enact increased security measures , we continue to ignore the real source of our security -- civic solidarity . As we become more atomized as a society , as alienation grows , as the social bonds that give our lives meaning -- family , community and religion -- weaken and wane , we find ourselves at greater risk . Each of the assailants in these mass shootings was described as a loner . This is important to consider because human beings are inherently social beings . People need people to survive . We need contact with others to sustain ourselves and to remind us of what it means to be human . Schools are in some ways the most important social institutions in our society . Unlike families , social clubs and churches , which also play important roles in socializing us , public schools accept all children , regardless of background or need . Our schools teach our children how to be members of society , and while some of what is learned may be problematic , schools nonetheless play a vital role in a society as diverse and complex as ours . That is why when our schools are attacked and when the safety of children can no longer be taken for granted , it is devastating to the social trust that is essential to hold our society together . Some may react to the shootings at Newtown by calling for more security . Others may feel safer by homeschooling their children in the hope that this will shield them from harm . Unfortunately , the answer will not be found in either strategy . Instead , we must find ways to strengthen our bonds , to increase our connections to each other , to embrace the alienated and to care for the mentally ill . Our schools must lead the way in carrying out this work , just as they did more than a century ago when we struggled to integrate millions of new immigrants from Europe . We turned to our schools when our society finally came to the realization that legalized apartheid was morally reprehensible and had to cease . We must turn to our schools once again as we seek to find a way to restore and revitalize the bonds that protect us and should hold us together . There is safety in numbers . Not in mobs but in community , in solidarity and in affirming our dependence on one another . The president and Congress must act now to restrict access to guns , especially assault weapons , but each of us must also exercise leadership where we live and work to increase to strength our communities and rebuild bonds that hold us together . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Pedro Noguera .	Pedro Noguera says public safety ca n't rely on gun laws and police presence alone Noguera : We rely on a social contract that says to live safely we give up some freedoms As community and religion bonds weaken , we find ourselves at greater risk , he writes He says we must restrict access to guns but also work to strengthen community bonds
BOSTON , Massachusetts  CNN  -- A 22-year-old medical student suspected of killing a woman he may have met through a Craigslist online ad was arraigned Tuesday and will be held without bail . Medical student Philip Markoff , 22 , appears in court Tuesday in Boston , Massachusetts . Philip Markoff , a second-year student at Boston University 's School of Medicine , listened intently but did not speak during the hearing in Boston Municipal Court . Dressed in a blue-striped shirt and slacks , Markoff was handcuffed and wearing leg irons . His attorney , John Salsberg , told reporters after the hearing that Markoff is "  not guilty of the charges . He has his family 's support . I have not received any document or report or piece of evidence other than what I heard in the courtroom . All I have at the moment are words -- no proof of anything . " A woman identifying herself as Markoff 's fiancee also maintained his innocence in an e-mail sent to ABC News . Megan McAllister said Markoff "  is the wrong man " and "  was set up . " "  Unfortunately , you were given wrong information as was the public , " McAllister wrote . "  All I have to say to you is Philip is a beautiful person inside and out and could not hurt a fly ! " She accused Boston police of "  trying to make big bucks by selling this false story to the TV stations . What else is new ?? " Suffolk County District Attorney Daniel Conley told reporters , "  This was a brutal , vicious crime -- savage . And it shows that Philip Markoff is a man who 's willing to take advantage of women -- to hurt them , to beat them , to rob them . " A procedural not-guilty plea was entered on Markoff 's behalf , Conley said . A Boston University spokeswoman said the school suspended Markoff , who has no criminal record , when it learned of the charges on Monday . Markoff is charged with killing 26-year-old Julissa Brisman of New York on April 14 at Boston 's Copley Marriott Hotel . Evidence from the scene suggests that Brisman "  put up a fight , " prosecutor Jennifer Hickman said during the hearing Tuesday . Police said Brisman , a model , advertised as a masseuse on Craigslist , a popular online classifieds service . She sustained blunt head trauma , Hickman said , and was shot three times at close range . One of those bullets passed through her heart , killing her , she said . Markoff is also charged in connection with the robbery four days earlier of a woman at a Westin Hotel . In that case , the woman made arrangements to meet a man through Craigslist for a massage at the hotel , but was held at gunpoint and bound , Hickman said . She was robbed of $ 800 and personal items , and left tied to a door handle with duct tape over her mouth , Hickman said in court Tuesday . Police said earlier the Westin victim was 29 . She was not identified . Authorities believe the motive in Brisman 's death was robbery , Conley told reporters , and she was killed during a struggle . In executing a search warrant at Markoff 's home , police found a firearm , along with restraints and duct tape , he said . Watch police say assailant has perused Craigslist ads " Surveillance videos from the hotel where Brisman was murdered showed a tall , clean-cut young blond man in a black windbreaker leaving the property , according to Boston police , who sought public assistance identifying the man . Police traced the Internet communications with Brisman to an e-mail account opened the day before her death , Conley said . Using Internet provider information , they found the computer was at Markoff 's residence in Quincy , Massachusetts , he said . Authorities put the home under surveillance , Conley said , and "  the case just begins to build from there . " "  This poor woman , Julissa Brisman , no matter what choices she made or decisions she made in life , she is a human being who 's entitled to dignity and respect , " Conley said . There may be more victims that authorities are unaware of , he said , adding that the prosecutor 's goal is to hold Markoff accountable , not to pursue women who may be advertising on Craigslist . "  If you have been a victim like these victims have , please come forward , " he said . Markoff is "  bearing up , " according to attorney Salsberg . "  It 's obviously a difficult time for anybody in these circumstances with the charges that have been brought against him . ... He 's pleaded not guilty . He is not guilty , " said Salsberg . McAllister , in her e-mail to ABC , wrote , "  Philip is an intelligent man who is just trying to live his life , so if you could leave us alone we would greatly appreciate it . We expect to marry in August and share a wonderful , meaningful life together . " The couple 's wedding Web site had been taken down or was unavailable as of Tuesday afternoon . Authorities in Boston are working with police in Warwick , Rhode Island , on what could be a related case . On April 16 at a Holiday Inn Express in Warwick , a man tied up and demanded money from a 26-year-old dancer who had posted a Craigslist advertisement , Warwick Police Chief Col. Stephen McCartney said . The robbery was interrupted when the woman 's husband entered the room . After pointing his gun at the husband , the suspect fled , McCartney said . He said no conclusions could be made yet , but allowed that the incident "  may be related to similar crimes occurring in the Boston area . " Craigslist CEO Jim Buckmaster told CNN the company is "  horrified and deeply saddened that our community services have been associated in any way whatsoever with a crime of violence . " He promised that Craigslist will evaluate the incident to see if additional measures could be introduced to protect users . CNN 's Mary Snow and Jason Kessler contributed to this report .	Not-guilty plea entered in Philip Markoff 's behalf in woman 's slaying in Boston Prosecutors say semiautomatic firearm found in search of student 's home CEO says Craigslist looking for ways to make site safer in wake of killing E-mail from suspect 's fiancee says police have "  wrong man "
CNN  -- In a campaign to cleanse its national police force of "  rotten apples , " Honduras has placed 176 police officers under investigation for a range of alleged crimes , from corruption to murder . All the officers belong to the same police post , which is based in a Tegucigalpa neighborhood known as "  La Granja , " or the farm , Security Ministry spokesman Silvio Inestrosa told CNN Friday . Officers who worked at the post during the past five years are under investigation , he said . The police scrutiny comes as distrust of police officers reaches new highs , following the killing of two university students , allegedly by police officers . "  As an institution , we have to strengthen the police , but we have to remove the rotten apples , " President Porfirio Lobo said during a speech Thursday . Honduras has the world 's highest murder rate , with a rate in 2010 of 82.1 per 100,000 inhabitants , according to the U.N. Office on Drugs and Crime . According to a recent report by the country 's own human rights commission , that rate could increase to 86 per 100,000 this year . Despite the high criminality , Hondurans do n't always turn to the police for help . According to residents , the police are sometimes to be more feared than criminals . This is the context under which two university students last month decided to flee from police instead of being pulled over . According to the national police , the officers shot and injured one of the students and headed toward a hospital . But along the way , police said , the officers instead decided to take the pair to a different location and execute them . The officers implicated in the killings are from the same district that is under investigation . Already , four officers who have been charged with covering up the killings have appeared before a judge . The four officers accused of actually carrying out the killings are fugitives . The investigations and possible firings of the 176 is latest of a series of steps that the government has taken since the outcry over the killings . Days after the incident , the national police shook up its top ranks . "  In these times of violence it is necessary to have new actions , vitality , energy and teamwork with the benefit of the Honduran people in mind , " Security Minister Pompeyo Bonilla said when he announced the changes . Also , lawmakers on Thursday rewrote the country 's policing laws , stripping the national police of its internal affairs department , and handing over such investigations to a new , independent force . Journalist Elvin Sandoval contributed to this report .	In Honduras , 176 police officers are under investigation They all worked at the same police post in Tegucigalpa Officers who worked at the post during the past five years are under investigation
NEW DELHI  CNN  -- Suraj Suroj uses his motorcycle for all of his family 's transportation needs . In his case , that means transporting himself , his wife and his two sons to and from work and school . Typically , all four of them squeeze onto the motorbike together on the crowded streets of Delhi , India . Suraj Suroj and his two sons weave through the streets of Delhi on his motorcycle . "  We need more space , " Suroj says with one of his sons sitting in front of him and the other clinging to his back . "  We can only travel about 20 kilometers or 25 kilometers , after that we get tired traveling on the scooter . " Never mind the fact that it 's a very dangerous way to travel . The traffic is chaotic , constant , and congested and neither of Suroj 's sons have helmets . Millions of people travel this way in India because helmet laws are not enforced and a two wheeler is the best they can afford . Not any more . Monday , Tata Motors finally released what has become known as the "  world 's cheapest car . " With the basic model going for about $ 2,000 , the Tata Nano is being touted as an alternative to motorbikes and scooters . In dramatic fashion , three versions of the Nano were driven onto a dark stage with headlights flashing and invited guests clapping in Mumbai , India . Tata Motors says the Nano will be available for purchase on April 9 but wo n't be delivered to customers until July . Watch as Nano is unveiled " The vehicle has received international attention since it was first revealed in January 2008 at an Auto Expo in Delhi . Tata promised it at an incredibly low price . As the economy began to falter last year and the cost of materials started to rise , analysts began to doubt whether Tata could pull it off . Chairman of Tata group , Ratan Tata , answered those critics at the launch . "  We made a promise and we 've kept the promise . We hope this day we will usher in a new form of transport , " Tata said . But the launch of the Nano is months behind schedule . The company ran into trouble when a land dispute sparked angry protests over the building of the Nano plant in the communist stronghold state of West Bengal . Farmers said the land belonged to them . In the end , Ratan Tata decided to stop operations and move to another state which caused a delay and cost Tata Motors millions . But the Nano has finally arrived . Industry experts say the base model is really basic but looks modern , is surprisingly spacious and handles well . "  I think it will live up to what has been promised but it will not live up to what some people may imagine , " auto analyst Murad Baig said . "  If some people may imagine that this is going to be a golden chariot , no it wo n't . But it will be an economical , safe , practical , economical to buy , economical to run and a very cute little car , I must say . " At only three meters long , the Nano fits four adults relatively comfortably . Critics point out that the cheapest version of the vehicle comes without air conditioning , airbags or power windows and it only has one side-view mirror . The Nano 's speeds top out at 105 kilometers  65 miles  per hour . Tata says the Nano , which meets Indian environmental standards , has the lowest emissions among cars in its class . But environmentalists are not cheering its arrival . They are worried the Nano will simply add to the number of vehicles already choking the roads . "  We are not saying no to Nano . We are saying no to all cars , " said Amanita Roychowdry , a representative of India 's Center for Science and Environment . "  What is happening right now is that already when car numbers are exploding in Indian cities what cheap motorization is going to do is going to give that extra push . And that is what worries us . Anything that increases the number of cars on our roads is a bad news . " No one knows , however , if the Nano will increase numbers or simply replace other cars in its class . For now , the Nano sounds like a fantastic alternative for those families in India who are trying to navigate crowded streets while crammed together on a motorcycle . "  We will definitely be able travel farther with a Nano , " motorcycle driver Suraj Suroj said . "  Why not ? We will be able travel comfortably . There will also be more safety . "	Tata Motors to begin delivery of the Nano in July Industry experts say motor is surprisingly good , environmentalists disagree Car is billed as the world 's cheapest , costing $ 2,000
CNN  -- Crisis begets innovation . In the Great Depression , Americans and Britons developed important new technologies : television , movie sound , refrigeration , automatic transmissions for cars . The supermarket was born , as were the passenger aviation industry and the first franchised food company : Dairy Queen . Big industrial companies such as General Motors and U.S. Steel consolidated their dominance at the expense of weaker rivals . States and the federal government planned and opened the first freeways . Millions of Americans moved off the farms of the South and West to populate California and Florida . In a decade of economic deprivation , in other words , we can begin to see the shape of postwar America : the suburbanized , mass-production economy into which the baby boomers would be born . Can we see any similar promise of progress today ? I think we can . I discern three glimmers of light on the horizon : 1 . A transition has begun from coal to natural gas as America 's most important source of electric power . Natural gas emits about half as much carbon dioxide per unit of energy as coal . That 's not as clean as solar or wind , but those technologies can not  yet  compete on price . Fracking offers hope that natural gas will soon cost least of all . If that hope comes true , the transition from coal to gas will generate a huge burst of economic activity and accelerate the transition to a more sustainable future for humanity . 2 . Americans are on the move again , this time from exurb and suburb to downtown , not only where you might expect it -- San Francisco -- but also where you would n't : Cleveland 's most central census tracts added 20 % to their population from 2000 to 2010 . Newark , New Jersey , added population for the first time since 1950 . Ten thousand people moved to downtown Philadelphia ; 15,000 to Los Angeles ' once ghostly downtown ; 2,000 to downtown Detroit . Downtown Baltimore is up 11 % since 2006 . The Loop in Chicago is up 76 % in the past decade . Central Louisville is being rebuilt . The shift to a greener economy involves changes in the way we use space as much or more as changes in the way we use fuel : People reorganizing their lives in ways that allow them to walk to work rather than drive . The downtown revival remains a boutique industry . Real densification will come as Americans add condo towers beside their suburban office parks and atop shopping malls ; as four-story and six-story multi-use buildings rise along the boulevards of Los Angeles ; and as entrepreneurs invent 21st-century mass transit systems to interconnect them , such as Wi-Fi equipped jitney buses that arrive within 10 minutes of a tap on a smart phone . Building new cities will put construction workers back on the job . Living in them will liberate millions of person-hours from the waste of the commute . 3 . Over the past 20 years since the advent of Prozac , clinicians and researchers have developed a vastly enhanced understanding of depression . We as yet live in the infancy of mental health science , but the path forward from infancy is at last revealing itself . Depression is not only a source of terrible personal suffering but also a huge economic burden on society . It debilitates otherwise healthy people and may well prove the ultimate cause of drug and alcohol addiction , obesity and many industrial and auto accidents . Deep into the 1930s , people regularly died from ordinary infections that today would barely cost them a day off work or school .  In 1924 , President Calvin Coolidge lost his 16-year-old son to an infected blister , caused by playing tennis without socks on his feet . Half a century from now , will people look back as pityingly on our bafflement before nearly equally devastating but ultimately treatable mental illnesses ? What will they say of our practice of leaving the most severely mentally ill to walk uncared-for through the streets of our cities , sleeping on the streets and dying of cold and exposure ? In 1940 , health care remained a boutique industry , accounting for roughly 4 % of gross national product . In the decades since , health care has grown into one of America 's most gigantic enterprises , 17 % of GDP -- arguably too much but still a huge driver of employment and investment . Yet within this vast economic complex , mental health remains a stunted subdomain . Research into diseases of the mind , the production of medicines , the training and employment of treatment personnel -- might these not emerge as giant industries of tomorrow ? It would be a very positive irony if this decade of economic depression should prove the era in which science at last broke the clammy grip of psychic depression . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	In the midst of today 's economic troubles , David Frum sees reasons for hope He says America 's energy picture is changing fast with new surplus of natural gas Americans are returning to urban areas , shortening commutes Frum : While health industry has vastly expanded , mental health is a future growth field
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Actor Henry Gibson , who played roles ranging from loopy poets to vengeful Illinois Nazis and cranky judges during a 40-year film and television career , has died at age 73 , his representatives said Wednesday . Henry Gibson had a role as a neo-Nazi in the cult movie classic "  The Blues Brothers . " Gibson was a regular on "  Rowan and Martin 's Laugh-In , " where he was known for popping up to read short , humorous poems during the show 's 1968-71 run . He was a frequent guest star on television shows from the 1970s through the mid-2000s , with a recurring role as a judge on ABC 's "  Boston Legal " as late as 2008 . His movie roles included turns in two of director Robert Altman 's 1970s films , "  Nashville " and "  The Long Goodbye , " and as the neo-Nazi leader pursuing John Belushi and Dan Aykroyd in "  The Blues Brothers . " No details of his death were immediately available , said Peter Gross , a spokesman Talentworks LA , which represented Gibson . CNN 's Doug Ganley contributed to this report .	Gibson was known to "  Laugh-In " audiences for reading short , funny poems He was in two Robert Altman films and recently played judge on "  Boston Legal " No details of his death were immediately available
CNN  -- Soccer star John Terry 's role as captain of England 's national team is in jeopardy following tabloid accusations of his marital infidelity , according to a British government minister . Terry is alleged to have had an affair with the ex-partner of his former Chelsea teammate Wayne Bridge , having failed in a high court bid to prevent newspapers publishing details of his liaison with Vanessa Perroncel . The 29-year-old has two children with his wife Toni , whom he married in June 2007 , and was named "  2009 Dad of the Year " by a British sauce maker . He reportedly earns more than $ 200,000 a week . French actress and model Perroncel had a child with Terry 's fellow England defender Bridge in 2006 . The pair have since separated but Bridge , who is now at English club Manchester City , said on Saturday that he would not be commenting for the sake of their son . Sports Minister Gerry Sutcliffe said he would contact the English Football Association about the matter , the UK Press Association reported . "  On the field John Terry is a fantastic player and a good England captain , but to be the captain of England you have got to have wider responsibilities for the country , " Sutcliffe said . "  And clearly if these allegations are proven -- and at the moment they are only allegations -- then it does call into question his role as England captain . "  I speak to the FA on a regular basis , so I will be asking what their viewpoint is and we will see what comes of it . " Perroncel has enlisted the services of noted celebrity publicist Max Clifford , PA reported , and he said she told him that some of the allegations were true . "  She has never spoken to a single journalist and she 's all over all the papers with all kinds of allegations , some of which she said were true and some of which she said are n't true , " Clifford told the GMTV television program . "  All I 'm prepared to say is that she 's known John a long time , and obviously I think during that time they 've become very close friends , but anything more than that , I would n't want to say at this particular stage . It 's really for her to decide what she wants to do . " While Terry 's alleged infidelity may not have the global impact as that of golf superstar Tiger Woods , it could cause big problems for England ahead of June 's World Cup finals in South Africa . Bridge , who is sidelined with injury , is not guaranteed to be part of the squad but has represented his country 36 times and is the regular back-up at left-back for Chelsea 's Ashley Cole . England coach Fabio Capello is out of the UK following a knee operation , but is expected to make a decision on Terry 's future before the friendly international against African Nations Cup winners Egypt on March 3 , PA reported . The FA has released a statement saying that Capello , known to be a strict disciplinarian , "  alone will make the decision about John Terry 's position . " "  Fabio is fully up to speed with developments regarding John Terry . He spoke with our chairman Lord Triesman and chief executive Ian Watmore today , who both backed him to make the best decision for England on footballing grounds , " the FA said on its Web site on Monday evening . "  Fabio is dealing with the matter in his own way using his extensive experience as a football manager . " Terry was first named captain of England after the 2006 World Cup when Steve McClaren took over as manager from Sven Goran Eriksson , and retained the armband when Capello was appointed in 2008 . It is not the first time that Terry has been the subject of controversy . Last year he was accused by a tabloid paper of accepting money to show fans around Chelsea 's training ground , and in 2002 he was cleared by a court after being charged with assault and affray following an incident with a nightclub bouncer .	John Terry 's role as England soccer captain in jeopardy due to his alleged marital infidelity UK government minister says Terry may be stripped of role if tabloid claims are true Terry failed in court injunction to stop reporting of affair with teammate 's ex-partner The 29-year-old has two children with his wife and won a parenting award in 2009
CNN  -- Just west of Seville in Spain , a sea of giant mirrors is reflecting the sun 's energy to provide "  concentrated solar power "  CSP  while illuminating the path to a new wave of green energy projects . Shining beacon : The concentrated solar power plant in Sanlucar , Spain is the first of its kind . The 624 carefully positioned mirrors reflect the sun 's heat towards a 50 meter-tall central tower where it is concentrated and used to boil water into steam . The superheated steam is then used to turn a turbine that can produce up to 11 megawatts of electricity -- enough power for 6,000 homes -- according Solucar , the Spanish company that has built the power plant . While traditional solar panels , photovoltaic cells , convert the sun 's power directly into electricity , CSP focuses power from a wide area and uses the vast heat generated to make electricity in a similar way to that produced from coal or oil . The Spanish tower , known as PS10 , is the first phase of an ambitious development . By 2013 it is hoped that additional towers will create a "  solar farm " with an output of 300 megawatts , which would be enough power for 180,000 homes , or equivalent to the entire population of nearby Seville . This $ 1.5 billion project is the largest commercial CSP station in the world -- so far . But many believe the technology will soon take off in areas of continuous hot sun and clear skies , offering a cheaper and more efficient alternative to photovoltaic cells , and bringing jobs and money to arid , often depressed areas . CSP also produces no greenhouses gasses and the only pollution is visual . The European Union has invested over $ 31 million in CSP research over the last ten years . At least 50 CSP projects have been given permission to begin construction across Spain . By 2015 the country may be producing two gigawatts of electricity from CSP , and employing thousands in the industry . One of the strengths of CSP is that it allows the construction of power stations on a scale that can match many fossil fuel based plants , and for an investment far less than that required to install the equivalent wattage of photovoltaic cells . There is also the possibility that production can keep going around the clock -- even when the sun has gone down . Solucar is currently testing technology at a plant near Granada that will pump 50 percent of the electricity generated in the day into the Spanish national grid , and use the other 50 percent to melt salt , which will then act as a kind of battery , storing the sun 's power . When dusk falls , the heat stored in the molten salt can be used to generate power through the night . "  These technologies excite me , " says Dr Jeff Hardy , Network Manager at the UK Energy Research Council . "  One of the real advantages is that you can get a decent sized power plant . "  The main challenge with the technology is working with extreme heat , but then a lot of the back-end is very similar to a traditional fossil-fuel generation ; you are after all just dealing with water heated to make steam and drive a turbine . " Concentrating on promoting CSP worldwide As America looks to increase the contribution of renewables to its overall energy mix -- a key part of the Obama plan before the recession turbocharged Government funding for such "  green " infrastructure projects -- the potential of CSP technology is obvious . The Spanish company responsible for the Sanlucar la Mayor plant has seen the potential and created Solucar Power , Inc. , a subsidiary aiming to develop the market in the USA . There is already a huge Solar Energy Generating Systems ' CSP station in the Mojave Desert , California ; Spanish firm Acciona has built a plant near Las Vegas . Many more are surely on their way . One bold projection estimates that a single plant 100 miles by 100 miles located in the American South West could generate enough electricity for the whole country . It would obviously be a huge undertaking -- politically , financially and scientifically -- but it 's not hard to imagine such a scheme finding a home in the nation 's vast , empty quarter . Other equally arid areas may also find themselves transformed , and CSP may be able to offer valuable foreign earnings for drought-stricken Africa -- while giving Europe the green energy it needs . According to Dr Hardy the technology has a ready application , given the right political , environmental and economic context . "  Concentrated Solar Power is proven to do well in countries like Spain with a favorable government policies and the right climate , " he says . "  I can certainly see the potential for extended networks linking together , and the idea of a North African grid linking renewable resources is a real possibility . " Providing power , jobs and money The Sahara , the world 's largest desert , is fringed by some of the poorest countries in the world and the harsh environment has always been seen as a problem , with it 's vast , waterless interior regularly reaching temperatures of over 45 degrees Celsius . But with large-scale CSP projects , suddenly all that empty space , with its year-round clear skies and hot sun , has a value that could transform local economies . It could potentially turn Africa into a net exporter of energy to power-hungry Europe , and perhaps even do for countries in North Africa what oil did for Saudi Arabia . The sums are dizzying . Estimates vary , but one projection from the German Aerospace Agency puts the amount of solar energy stored in just one per cent of the Sahara -- 35,000 square miles , or a piece of land slightly smaller than Portugal -- as having the potential to yield more power than all the world 's existing power plants combined . Already Spanish firms are exporting CSP technology to Morocco and Algeria , and a British consortium , the Sahara Forest Project , is testing the technology in the deserts of Oman . Costs and benefits However , there is a problem : at the moment costs are still very high . But they are falling as plants get bigger , the technology is perfected and economies of scale kick in . Even so , any plans to power Europe from the Sahara would require a vast infrastructure of CSP plants and cables laid across the Mediterranean -- requiring billions upon billions of dollars in investment . Such sums will only be possible through international co-operation on a huge scale . But on a smaller , more local scale a simple change in the way electricity generators are paid has been hugely effective in boosting renewable power . In Spain and other European countries investment has been encouraged by Governments creating what 's known as a "  feed in tariff , " which pays companies a premium for power sold to the national grid generated by renewable means for a fixed period of time . This enables investors to pay back up front costs more quickly . Where they have been introduced they have brought about a huge increase in renewable power : Germany has 200 times as much solar energy as Britain , generates 12 percent of its electricity from renewables , and has created a quarter of a million jobs in the sector . We 're a long way from a future where the Sahara becomes the world 's largest source of renewable electricity , and the American South West is covered in mirrors lighting and powering cities across the continent . There are many huge issues yet to resolve , but with small steps , we may be moving towards it .	Concentrated solar power projects in Spain leading field in that form of green energy Potential of CSP in desert regions around the globe ; more benefits than power Plans to transform Sara ha would involve huge costs ; small projects breaking through
CNN  -- Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson was left raging after claiming Robin van Persie "  could have been killed " following an altercation with Swansea 's Ashley Williams . Ferguson , whose side moved four points clear at the top of the English Premier League table following Sunday 's 1-1 draw , accused Williams of deliberately kicking the ball at the striker 's head while he lay on the ground . Van Persie and Williams squared up to each other following the incident as both sets of players tried to break up the confrontation . Blog : Has Ferguson gone too far ? Referee Michael Oliver booked both men , but Ferguson wants the Football Association to take action against the Wales defender . "  The Van Persie situation you can clearly see that he could have been killed , " Ferguson said on Sky Sports News . "  The FA has got to look into it regardless that he has been given a yellow card . "  He should be banned for a long time because that was the most dangerous thing I 've seen on a football field for many years . "  It was absolutely deliberate . The whistle has gone , the game has stopped and he has done that right in front of the referee -- he could have killed the lad . "  It was a disgraceful act by the player , he should banned for a long time . " Real Madrid to face Manchester United in European Champions League Williams was quick to play down the incident after the game . "  I tried to clear the ball it hit him on the head , " he said . "  I was trying to clear the ball . "  He was obviously a bit angry about that . It was much ado about nothing . " Patrice Evra 's 16th-minute header from a Van Persie corner had given United the lead before Michu equalized with his 13th Premier League goal of the season -- which put the Spaniard one clear of Van Persie as the leading scorer . Can revived Torres rescue Chelsea 's season for Benitez ? Meanwhile , Chelsea went goal crazy by crushing Aston Villa 8-0 at Stamford Bridge to move up into third position . Striker Fernando Torres headed the home side ahead after just three minutes -- his 14th in all competitions this season , and seventh in the league -- before converted midfielder David Luiz curled home an exquisite free-kick . Defender Branislav Ivanovic headed a third before the break as Chelsea ran riot against a team that had been unbeaten for five matches following a poor start to the season . Any thoughts of Rafa Benitez 's men easing up after the interval were soon extinguished when veteran midfielder Frank Lampard grabbed a fourth . That strike established him as the club 's leading goalscorer in the top flight as he marked his 500th Premier League start with his 130th goal . Benitez takes over Chelsea Substitute Ramires added another two and both Eden Hazard and Oscar also got on the scoresheet . It could have been worse for Villa , who were indebted to several impressive stops by U.S. keeper Brad Guzan , including a penalty save from Lucas Piazon . "  Everything  impressed me  the performance of the team , " Benitez said . "  We have been talking before about the mentality of the team ; attacking , creating chances we had good movement , we were good in defense . As a team we had the balance we are looking for . " The defeat was Villa 's worst in the top flight in its entire history and left manager Paul Lambert 's team three points off the relegation zone . "  We were second best . We have to hold our hands hold our hand up , we never turned up at this level we ca n't play like that , " Lambert said . "  We always learn , it will certainly be a wake-up call . It 's been going fine for us and it is only Chelsea and the two Manchester clubs that have turned us over . We will bounce back . " Meanwhile , Netherlands striker Klaas-Jan Huntelaar has signed a new two-year deal with Bundesliga side Schalke . The 29-year-old , whose contract was set to expire at the end of the season , will now remain in Germany until 2015 . "  I have thought long and hard over this decision and I am very grateful that the bosses at Schalke gave me this time , " he said on the club 's official website . In France , Marseille moved level on points with Ligue 1 leaders Paris Saint-Germain and second-placed Lyon following a 1-0 win over Saint Etienne . Andre Ayew scored the only goal of the game to put Marseille third in the table on 38 points but with an inferior goal difference at the halfway stage going into the winter break . Elsewhere , Valenciennes moved up to sixth with a 2-1 win over Evian , while Toulouse earned a 2-0 victory over Sochaux .	Manchester United boss Alex Ferguson believes Robin van Persie "  could have been killed " Dutch striker hit in head with ball while on the ground after Ashley Williams kicked ball away Patrice Evra 's goal canceled out by Michu 's strike as United held 1-1 by Swansea Chelsea crushes Aston Villa 8-0 to move into third position in English Premier League
CNN  -- Police said they are pursuing leads in the death of 8-year-old Sandra Cantu , whose body was found Monday stuffed into a suitcase in a dairy-farm pond near her Tracy , California , home . Sandra Cantu , 8 , disappeared March 27 . Her body was found at a dairy-farm pond near her Calilfornia home . "  We are heading in a direction , " Tracy police Sgt. Tony Sheneman told reporters . "  To comment on that would compromise the investigation , and I ca n't do that . " A search warrant was executed at the Tracy mobile home park where the girl lived , and a related search was to be conducted Tuesday at a nearby church , he said . He implied more than one person may have been involved in the death of Sandra , who had been missing since March 27 . "  Investigators are looking at additional information they received since yesterday and , hopefully , that will lead us to Sandra 's killers , " he said . Asked if his use of the plural meant police were looking for more than one person , he responded , "  We have no specific suspects , ma'am . " Sheneman also implied the killer likely was familiar with the location where the body was found . He said he himself was unfamiliar with the location where the girl 's body was found , despite having lived in the community for nearly 12 years . "  Someone would have to be familiar with that area to know to go there , " he said . Watch how the suitcase was found " Sheneman said police had no one in custody , despite having interviewed hundreds of people regarding the case . "  Everyone that we speak to right now is being considered a person of interest , " he said . "  We 're not eliminating anyone . " The autopsy was being conducted Tuesday , but it was not clear when the report would be available . "  It 's going to be some time before we hear from the coroner , " Sheneman said . "  I ca n't tell you when that 's going to be . " More than 10 search warrants have been executed as part of the investigation and "  a lot " of evidence has been recovered , Sheneman said . The day Sandra was last reported seen , she returned home from school , kissed her mother and left to play with a friend who lives nearby . A short time later , wearing a pink Hello Kitty T-shirt and black leggings , she left to go to another friend 's home , according to a family spokeswoman . Police said Monday the girl 's clothing helped them identify the body .	NEW : Police imply person or persons involved in Sandra Cantu 's death from area Police plan to church near mobile park home where Sandra 's family lived Sandra was found in suitcase in a dairy-farm pond near her California home Sandra had been missing since March 27 from her home in Tracy , California
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa  CNN  -- Prosecutors dropped corruption charges Monday against South Africa 's ruling party president Jacob Zuma , who is expected to win the presidential race later this month . Jacob Zuma is expected to win the country 's upcoming presidential election . The leader of the African National Congress had been charged with more than 700 counts of corruption and fraud . The charges , which were linked to a multibillion dollar arms deal in the country , were dropped after eight years of investigations . Zuma , who was named one of Time 's Most Influential People in 2008 , is favored to win the country 's next presidential elections scheduled for April 22 . He served as deputy president of South Africa from 1999 until he was fired in 2005 by President Thabo Mbeki over his alleged involvement in a bribery scandal . Opposition parties are accusing prosecutors of buckling under pressure from the ruling party . Mokotedi Mpshe , head of the National Prosecuting Authority , disagreed . "  An intolerable abuse has occurred , " Mpshe said after reading transcripts of telephone conversations between two prosecution chiefs who appear to be planning to charge Zuma before ANC party elections . CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse contributed to this report	Jacob Zuma is president of the ANC , the most powerful party in South Africa He is widely predicted to win the presidential vote , expected to take place in April Zuma has denied claims of accepting bribes , money laundering , among others Opposition parties accuse prosecutors of buckling under pressure
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The head of a Kandahar prison where a mass escape occurred this week was among 20 people arrested Thursday on suspicion of assisting the jailbreak , a senior prison official told CNN . Suspicions have run high that -- given the ease and scale of the escape -- there was some inside help at the prison . Guards as well as officials on duty during the night of the escape were arrested . "  The escape of the prisoners are not possible without authorities ' cooperation , " said Gen. Amir Mohammad Jamshid , the chief director of jails in Afghanistan . Ghulam Dastagher Mayar , the chief director of the Kandahar jail , is among the arrested officials . Monday 's break was the second escape at the prison in three years . In 2008 , as many as 1,000 prisoners -- nearly half of them Taliban members -- escaped after militants detonated a truck bomb against the side of the prison compound . Afghan authorities said Tuesday they have recaptured 65 of the more than several hundred inmates who slipped out of the prison through a nearly quarter-mile tunnel dug beneath the compound . A massive search operation continues to find the others -- many of them insurgent fighters , said the Kandahar governor 's office . The Taliban issued a statement taking responsibility for the escape from the prison in Kandahar , the Taliban 's birthplace . Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahed said digging the tunnel took five months . The escape took four and a half hours , he said . The Taliban claimed 541 prisoners escaped . The NATO-led International Security Assistance Force said the number of escaped prisoners was closer to 470 . The Taliban said 106 of the escapees were military commanders , but there was no immediate government confirmation of the claim . The prison houses some of the country 's most dangerous Taliban prisoners , and the escape was an embarrassment for the Afghanistan government and its Western allies , said CNN National Security Analyst Peter Bergen .	Director of Kandahar 's prison is among 20 held The escape was an embarrassment to authorities The Taliban claimed responsibility for the escape
CNN  -- Despite objections from popular Republican Sens. Marco Rubio , Rand Paul and Ted Cruz , it seem the much-criticized budget deal will get final congressional approval this week , sidestepping the cooked-up dramas that have come to define the 113th Congress . Good news for those of us who like it when politicians actually do their jobs . Bad news for those who thought the Republican establishment and the tea party were going to live happily ever after . Last week House Speaker John Boehner let some of his frustrations with the far-right cohort spill out on television . He called them "  ridiculous . " He said , "  They 've lost all credibility , " and accused them of "  pushing our members in places where they do n't want to be . " He even tossed in a bit of theatrics with his "  Are you kidding me ? " remark , all of which made for great sound bites . Intentionally or not , the outburst also provided a good distraction from the overhaul the Republican National Committee is planning for the 2016 primary process , which was also was reported last week . RNC Chairman Reince Priebus had talked about limiting the number of debates soon after President Barack Obama was re-elected . Now it seems the RNC is prepared to punish candidates who participate in unofficial GOP debates and forums severely by stripping them of one third of their delegates . Remember the quotes from Republican candidates all trying to out-ultra-conservative each other in 2012 ? Do n't expect to hear as many come 2016 . This , more than entertaining sound bites from Boehner , is a far more tangible sign that the establishment is serious about reining in the radical right . And by radical right , I mean the tea party . So now what ? Well , 60 % of Americans want a third party , and it seems Republicans want their party back . Perhaps it 's time that tea party standard bearer Cruz and company file the divorce papers and see if the group has the strength to stand on its own two feet . It is , after all , unlikely that he or any of the other tea party-leaning politicians are going to forgo the group 's influence and get in line with moderates just because Boehner said some harsh words on TV . And with deep-pocket groups such as Americans for Prosperity behind the tea party , why should they ? Indeed , many tea partiers believe the reason Republicans lost in 2012 -- despite an economy that lagged under the first Obama administration -- was because Mitt Romney was n't conservative enough . This thinking was echoed in November after tea partiers cited a lack of conservatism as a main reason why the anti-gay , anti-abortion Ken Cuccinelli lost in the governor 's race in Virginia . Couple that with The New York Times reporting that presumptive front-runner -- and establishment darling -- New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie is as unpopular with ultra-conservatives as he is popular with moderates , and there is no reason to believe the tea party is just going to roll over after Obama signs the budget deal into law . "  Christie 's  no more conservative than Harry Reid , " said Scott Hofstra , a tea partier from Vine Grove , Kentucky , told the Times . With statements such as that , it 's clear it 's time for the GOP and the tea party to call it quits . The two had a good run retaking the House in 2010 , but if a guy such as Cuccinelli does n't pass the conservative smell test and Christie 's a RINO , or Republican in Name Only , then it seems this marriage is unsalvageable . Debates within a party are healthy for Washington . But civil wars are not good for anyone , as evidenced by the country 's downgraded credit rating , Congress ' historically low approval numbers , the unprecedented number of appointment delays for Obama 's nominees and Congress ' dubious distinction of being the least productive in U.S. history . The tea party supposedly started to express the views of voters frustrated with big government . But it has quickly morphed into a thorn in the side of the Republican establishment -- prodding 2012 candidates into making outlandish statements and strong-arming leadership into a series of questionable moves . It seems it now has a critical decision to make : be reined in or break out . The scenario reminds me of the day Ronald Reagan became a Republican . It was the summer of 1962 . And though he still called himself a Democrat , at this point , Reagan was so in name only . His political leanings had begun shifting in the 1940s , and he had been publicly campaigning for Republicans since the 1950s . One day , while campaigning for Richard Nixon , someone in the crowd interrupted his speech with a question . Have you registered as a Republican yet ? He replied no . And then a woman identifying herself as a registrar appeared . She walked down the center aisle , placed a registration card in front of Reagan , and he signed it . He then returned to his speech , later saying , "  I did n't leave the Democratic Party , the party left me . " Last week Boehner came down the center aisle and placed a registration card in front of the tea party . But given its beliefs , funding and recent events , is there still a good reason why the group and its followers should sign it ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : Should tea party split now that budget deal seems headed for approval ? He says John Boehner 's rant , new rules for 2016 primaries show GOP reining in tea party He says Americans want third party and tea partiers say GOP is n't conservative enough Granderson : Given its beliefs and far-right funding , does tea party need to stay with GOP ?
CNN  -- There 's a reason for Bono 's ever-present orange-tinted sunglasses , and it 's not rock-star affectation . "  I have glaucoma , " he told British talk show host Graham Norton . "  For the last 20 years . " Bono , 54 , was on Norton 's show with the rest of the band , as well as actors Robert Downey Jr. , Robert Duvall and Stephen Fry . Bono 's revelation came after Norton showed a couple of the group 's early photos featuring Bono without spectacles  and The Edge without his skullcap  . Noting the difference between Bono in 1980 and Bono today , he asked , "  Do you ever take  the glasses  off ? " The U2 frontman explained that he had excellent vision , but noticed that objects and lights were accompanied by cloudiness and rings -- an indicator of the condition -- "  and it 's not from anything exotic , " he joked . Glaucoma may lead to blindness , but can be treated with medication or surgery . Bono said there was no need to worry about his health . Explainer : How is glaucoma detected ? "  I have good treatments , and I am going to be fine , " he said . "  You 're not going to get this out of your head now , and you will be saying , ` Ah , poor old blind Bono . ' " He willingly put on an oversized pair of aviators and then traded glasses with Downey . "  I look ... cleverer , " he said . U2 's most recent album , "  Songs of Innocence , " was released last month as a free download on iTunes , which caused its own bit of news .	Bono tells Graham Norton he wears glasses for his glaucoma Eye ailment can lead to blindness , but Bono says he 's fine "  You 're not going to get this out of your head now , " he said
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Former Vice President Dick Cheney said Monday that he does not believe Saddam Hussein was involved in the planning or execution of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . Former Vice President Dick Cheney says Saddam Hussein "  provided sanctuary ... and resources to terrorists . " He strongly defended the Bush administration 's decision to invade Iraq , however , arguing that Hussein 's previous support for known terrorists was a serious danger after 9/11 . Cheney , in an appearance at the National Press Club , also said he is intent on speaking out in defense of the Bush administration 's national security record because "  a clear understanding of policies that worked -LSB- in protecting the United States -RSB- is essential . " "  I do not believe and have never seen any evidence to confirm that -LSB- Hussein -RSB- was involved in 9/11 . We had that reporting for a while , -LSB- but -RSB- eventually it turned out not to be true , " Cheney conceded . But Hussein was "  somebody who provided sanctuary and safe harbor and resources to terrorists . ... -LSB- It -RSB- is , without question , a fact . " Cheney restated his claim that "  there was a relationship between al Qaeda and Iraq that stretched back 10 years . It 's not something I made up . ... We know for a fact that Saddam Hussein was a sponsor -- a state sponsor -- of terror . It 's not my judgment . That was the judgment of our -LSB- intelligence community -RSB- and State Department . " The former vice president said in 2004 that the evidence was "  overwhelming " that al Qaeda had a relationship with Hussein 's regime in Iraq , and that media reports suggesting that the commission investigating the 9/11 attacks reached a contradictory conclusion were "  irresponsible . " "  There clearly was a relationship . It 's been testified to . The evidence is overwhelming , " Cheney said at the time . "  It goes back to the early '90s . It involves a whole series of contacts , high-level contacts with Osama bin Laden and Iraqi intelligence officials . " On Monday , though , Cheney identified former CIA Director George Tenet as the "  prime source of information " on the relationship between Iraq and al Qaeda . Tenet "  testified , if you go back and check the record , in the fall of -LSB- 2002 -RSB- before the Senate Intelligence Committee -- in open session -- that there was a relationship , " Cheney said . Hussein was captured by U.S. forces in Iraq in December 2003 . In November 2006 , the former Iraqi leader was convicted of crimes against humanity and sentenced to death . He was executed the following December . Cheney said on June 17 , 2004 that the evidence was "  overwhelming " that al Qaeda had a relationship with Hussein 's regime in Iraq , and said media reports suggesting that the 9/11 commission has reached a contradictory conclusion were "  irresponsible . " Among other things Monday , Cheney also called the Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , detention center a "  good facility ... if you are going to be engaged in a world conflict , such as we are , in terms of global war on terrorism . You know , if you do n't have a place where you can hold these people , the only other option is to kill them . And we do n't operate that way . " Watch what Cheney has to say about the detention facility " He reiterated his call for President Obama to declassify documents detailing the results of "  enhanced interrogations " of high-value detainees . Since Obama has already released memos detailing the interrogation methods , Cheney said , it is important to share the results of those interrogations with the public as well . "  I would not ordinarily be leading the charge to declassify classified information , otherwise they would n't call me Darth Vader for nothing , " Cheney said . But "  once the -LSB- Obama -RSB- administration released the legal memos that gave the opinions that were used to guide the interrogation program , they 'd given away the store . ... I -LSB- therefore -RSB- thought it was important to have the results that were gained from that interrogation program front and center as well . " On May 14 , the CIA rejected the former vice president 's request to declassify the documents . CIA spokesman Paul Gimigliano , in a written statement , said the two documents are the subject of pending lawsuits and therefore can not be declassified . Cheney said Monday that the memos previously released also were the subject of ongoing lawsuits . He said Obama can release the additional documents with "  the stroke of a pen . " On May 21 , Cheney gave a full-throated defense of the Bush administration 's enhanced interrogations of al Qaeda prisoners during an appearance at the conservative American Enterprise Institute . He has said that the interrogations saved the lives of "  thousands , perhaps hundreds of thousands . " He called the techniques the Bush administration approved "  legal , essential , justified , successful and the right thing to do . "	Ex-VP backs Bush administration invasion of Iraq , says Hussein supported terror He says it 's essential to understand "  policies that worked " in protecting United States Cheney says Guantanamo Bay detention center is needed amid war on terrorism He reiterates his call to declassify documents detailing interrogations of detainees
Jumping out of buildings , running through barbed wire , flying makeshift planes and digging secret tunnels -- all desperate measures used by people to flee East Berlin after the wall went up . Those images and memories flooded back into Germany 's collective conscious on Sunday , as the nation celebrated 25 years since the Berlin Wall came tumbling down . On November 9 , 1989 , tens of thousands of Germans literally tore it down by hand -- using their fists , pickaxes , sledgehammers and shovels . Then East Germany 's communist government helped , heaving away chunks of it by crane , as its citizens streamed into the West and its one-party oligarchy collapsed . Freedom and ultimately a united Germany emerged from the bitter Cold War that had separated Berlin since the first concrete barrier went up in 1961 . How ` The Tiger ' fought the East German Stasi Berlin today In the years since the Wall came down , the city has undergone a massive transformation as people and money poured into the former East Berlin . Berlin now shines as a crown jewel of central Europe . It 's a far cry from the city and the country that were bombed to ruins during World War II . And Germany is now the world 's fourth largest economy and the driving market in the European Union . On Sunday , thousands of Berliners , dignitaries and visitors from around the world gathered around the city 's iconic Brandenburg Gate to remember the moment that many thought would never come . German Chancellor Angela Merkel said the fall of the Berlin Wall sends "  a message of hope and that dreams can come true , nothing has to stay as it is , even if it 's difficult . " People are also visiting the East Side Gallery , the longest part of the wall still standing -- measuring 2.2 kilometers or 1.6 miles . Most of the Wall was dismantled in the immediate aftermath and much of it was sent to other countries . There are parts of the Wall at the United Nations headquarters in New York as well as U.S. embassies and presidential libraries . 25 things you love about Berlin Grandiose work of art A grandiose performance art celebration on Sunday is to symbolize the disappearance of the wall . The "  Lichtgrenze "  Border of Light  was placed along the former path of the Berlin Wall . It comprises thousands of illuminated white helium balloons -- to be released into the sky after a performance by the Staatskapelle Berlin orchestra . In a more somber ceremony , candles will burn at the National Memorial for the Victims of the Berlin Wall . Two hundred people were killed while trying to escape , many of them shot by border guards , others succumbing to accidents . Berlin Mayor Klaus Wowereit says he hopes the ceremonies will spread hope to people around the world . "  When the wall came down it was a signal to the world that freedom is possible , " he said . "  There are many other walls in the world and people who do not live free . We want them to watch these ceremonies and events and be inspired by them . "	The Berlin Wall came down 25 years ago , as the Cold War ended Germans celebrate Sunday anniversary with services , performance art , concert Germans tried to break out of the former communist dictatorship in East Germany They cleared the wall using various methods , but 200 paid with their lives
Violent protests left at least five dead and others wounded Wednesday as demonstrations over Quran burning intensified in Afghanistan . Police killed four people and wounded 10 others during protests in Parwan province , said Abdul Wassi Sayedkhili , a provincial council official . Health officials said a fifth person died and 10 others wounded in eastern Nangarhar province . President Hamid Karzai was "  saddened about the civilian casualties during today 's demonstrations , " his office said . Karzai noted an investigation will begin Thursday over the killings . The Qurans were among religious materials removed from a detainee facility at Bagram Airfield . The materials were gathered for disposal and were inadvertently given to troops for burning , Gen. John Allen , commander of NATO 's International Security Assistance Force , said Tuesday . "  This was not a decision that was made because they were religious materials , " he said . "  It was not a decision that was made with respect to the faith of Islam . It was a mistake . It was an error . The moment we found out about it , we immediately stopped and we intervened . " A military official said the materials were removed from the detainee center 's library because they had "  extremist inscriptions " on them and there was "  an appearance that these documents were being used to facilitate extremist communications . " The U.S. Embassy in Kabul went into lockdown as the protests entered a second day Wednesday . Protesters burned tires and threw rocks outside Camp Phoenix , close to the Kabul International Airport , the U.S. Embassy said in its official Twitter feed . It asked Americans to avoid the area , saying the protests had "  turned violent . " It also suspended all travel . On Tuesday , thousands of demonstrators gathered outside a detention facility in Parwan , according to Brig. Gen. Carsten Jacobson , a coalition spokesman . Jacobson said protesters tried to penetrate the facility , prompting NATO helicopter to launch flares and authorities to fire rubber bullets to disperse the crowds . A day later in Kabul , about 400 to 500 people rallied , including university students who marched toward the Parliament building , police said . In Jalalabad , the capital of Nangarhar province , hundreds chanted "  Down with America " as crowds gathered near the local airport . A U.S. warden message said more protests are possible in "  coming days , " adding that "  past demonstrations in Afghanistan have escalated into violent attacks on Western targets of opportunity . " Allen , the coalition commander , offered his apologies Tuesday and issued a directive that all coalition forces in Afghanistan will undergo training no later than March 3 so they can identify religious materials and handle them correctly . Authorities questioned some troops as part of their investigation , but had not detained anyone , a coalition official said . "  This is not who we are . These are very , very isolated incidents , " Allen said . But Allen 's words were not enough to appease angry Afghans who massed outside the Bagram base Tuesday , chanting "  Death to America ! Death to the Afghan government ! Long live Islam ! " U.S. Deputy Defense Secretary Ashton Carter apologized to the Afghan president during a meeting at his presidential palace , according to Karzai 's office . Carter also met with Afghan Defense Minister Abdul Rahim Wardak and several Afghan parliamentarians , offered his apologies to them and "  pledged his full support for a joint Afghan-ISAF investigation into the incident , " Pentagon spokesman Capt. John Kirby said in a statement . Photographs surfaced purporting to show the damaged Qurans . A photographer for Agence France-Presse said Afghans who work inside the airfield told him they obtained the Qurans there . Authorities said local workers first alerted authorities of the incident . "  The workers immediately interfered , pulled material out -- pulled material out that was partly charred and we have seen Korans that were partly charred , " Jacobson said . He said the burnings were "  completely unintentional . " Muslims regard the Quran as the absolute word of God . It is so highly revered that many Muslims will not pick up the holy book without ablution , a ritual washing of the hands . Desecrating the book , such as burning it , is therefore seen as an unforgivable affront -- as an act of intolerance and bigotry . Last year , when controversial Florida pastor Terry Jones presided over what he called a trial of the Quran and burned a copy , Afghans took to the streets by the thousands . In the northern Afghan city of Mazar-e Sharif , demonstrators stormed a U.N. office and killed 12 people . In Kandahar , three people were killed in one demonstration , and nine in another when police and stone-throwing demonstrators clashed . American officials vociferously condemned the pastor 's act . In 2010 , Afghans protested outside the Forward Operating Base Mirwais in response to an alleged Quran burning inside the base . But coalition forces said the suspected burning was a routine burn-pit session in which military documents are destroyed . On Tuesday , a leading Islamic scholar urged Muslims not to react violently to desecration . "  What is captured on the pages can be printed again . If they burn 1,000 , we can print 10,000 . What 's the big deal ? " said Sheikh Ibrahim Mogra , who chairs the mosques and community affairs committee of the Muslim Council of Britain . "  A NATO soldier killing innocent people is far more painful than the burning of a Quran . I would rather they burn 100 Qurans than to hurt one woman or man or child . "	President Hamid Karzai said he 's saddened by the killings and will launch an investigation U.S. Embassy in Kabul asks Americans to avoid Camp Phoenix area near Kabul airport A U.S. warden message warns of more protests throughout Afghanistan Commander of NATO-led force mandates training on handling religious materials
CNN Student News  -- Students will learn about political parties in the United States . Procedure Ask students : What is a political party ? What role do political parties play in the U.S. presidential election process ? Point out that although the Democratic and Republican parties currently dominate the political scene , other parties have nominated individuals for president throughout U.S. history . Have students select a political party that has nominated a candidate for president at any point in U.S. history . Students may want to consider parties such as the Libertarian party , the Whig party , the Green party , and the Bull Moose party . Next , hand out copies of the Political Party Profile Worksheet . Direct students to fill in the worksheet , using their textbooks or online resources to research their chosen parties . Using his or her findings , each student should compose a one-minute speech for a presidential candidate from the party . The speech should touch on major points of the party 's history and where it stands on the issues . Extension : Challenge your students to use original video , music , animation and other production elements to create their own "  Talking Democracy " iReports that explain or demonstrate the concept of political parties . The videos should be three minutes or less in length and can be submitted here . The best videos may appear on CNN Student News ! Correlated Standards CIVICS 9-12 Content Standards I . What Are Civic Life , Politics , And Government ? 1 . Defining civic life , politics , and government 2 . Necessity of politics and government III . How Does The Government Established By The Constitution Embody The Purposes , Values , And Principles Of American Democracy ? 14 . Political parties , campaigns , and elections V . What Are The Roles Of The Citizen In American Democracy ? 14 . The relationship between politics and the attainment of individual and public goals 15 . The difference between political and social participation 16 . Forms of political participation 17 . Political leadership and careers in public service 18 . Knowledge and participation The National Standards for Civics and Government  http://www.civiced.org/index.php?page=stds  are published by the Center for Civic Education  http://www.civiced.org/  . Keywords Republican , Democrat , politics , party platforms E-mail to a friend	Students will learn about political parties in the United States
Two Palestinian teens killed in the West Bank presented no direct threat when they were shot last week , the United Nations said Friday in a preliminary report . Nadeem Nouwarah , 17 , and Mohammad Odeh Salameh , 16 , were killed during protests on May 15 on the anniversary of the "  Nakba , " a day commemorating the displacement of Palestinians that accompanied the creation of Israel after the 1948 Arab-Israeli war . Six hours of raw video distributed by advocacy organization Defense for Children International and reviewed by CNN shows the boys were shot on the same patch of asphalt . Their deaths were 73 minutes apart . The boys ' relatives blame the Israeli military for the killings . "  The killings may amount to extrajudicial executions under human rights law as well as willful killings under international humanitarian law , the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights said in a statement on Friday . It called for a prompt , independent , impartial and transparent investigation . "  Our office has repeatedly raised its concerns about the excessive use of force by Israeli security forces and the lack of accountability for such incident , " the statement said . "  We also urge Israel to make public the findings of this investigation and any steps regarding accountability that are taken . " But an Israeli military spokesman said its forces fired no live rounds during clashes where the boys were killed . "  During that demonstration that was extremely violent , the Israeli Defense Force used crowd-control methods and riot-dispersal means to prevent and control the overflow of the violence , " Lt. Col. Peter Lerner said . "  The preliminary IDF inquiry indicates that no live fire was shot at all Thursday during the riots in Beitunya , and we have to determine what caused this result , " Lerner added . The State Department joined several human rights groups calling for an investigation .	The boys ' relatives blame the Israeli military for the killings The Israeli military says it fired no live rounds during the protests "  The killings may amount to extrajudicial executions under human rights law , " the U.N. says It calls for a prompt , independent , impartial and transparent probe
Sevare , Mali  CNN  -- The Malian military gained control Monday of the central Mali town of Diabaly , a key advance in the battle against Islamist militants in the north . The country 's forces retook the town without ground assistance from the French troops in the country , a military spokesman said Sunday . The French military confirmed that it provided only air support . The French are involved in the fight because Mali once was under the country 's control and because Islamists have been threatening to turn the democracy into a haven for international terrorists . Ethnic Tuaregs who had returned to Mali well-armed from fighting for late Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi staged a military coup last year against the Malian government . Islamic extremists capitalized on the chaos , carved out a large haven in Mali 's north and imposed a strict interpretation of Sharia law . The Islamists banned music , smoking , drinking and watching sports on television . They also destroyed historic tombs and shrines . Those events stoked fear among global security experts that Mali could become a new hub for terrorism . And recent events regarding Mali have unfolding in harrowing ways . Mali is allowing France to use its airspace to take on insurgents , a move that purportedly angered militants , prompting some to storm a gas field in eastern Algeria and take hostages . That ended Saturday with 23 hostages dead and dozens of Islamist militants killed . On Monday , French officials said Malian forces pushed the Islamists into the forest beyond Diabaly and have taken control of the city and another area , Douentza . A CNN crew was in Diabaly Monday and were told by Malian and French forces that Islamists left after they were hit directly in one of their makeshift camps by the French and Malians . The scene after one battle included burned-out armored vehicles and a truck that at one point belonged to the Islamists . A Malian officer , Col. Seydou Sogoba , told CNN that the Islamists were using sophisticated weapons like he had never seen before . He believes they originated in Libya . As the news crew drove into town , the dusty streets in the extremely poor area were mostly empty except for military vehicles and French and Malian troops . Whatever trucks had belonged to the Islamist rebels were bombed and burned out . Destroyed high-caliber weapons were seen in the vehicles . A French colonel , exhausted from fighting and who wished not to be named , told CNN that foreign fighters -- including some who are Algerian -- have been pushed out of the area . Sogoba told CNN the fight against the rebels was very hard , but he is focused on "  preserving the national integrity " of Mali . The humanitarian crisis in Mali is stark , according to the Norwegian Internal Displacement Monitoring Centre . "  They can not stay where they are due to the grave insecurity caused by the conflict , " said Sebastian Albuja , the center 's head of the Africa and Americas Department . "  Yet the meager resources and the diminished coping abilities of the government and humanitarian actors means that they are faced with limited options . " Because Algeria has closed its borders , people in the north are increasingly heading to the desert , where they will face harsh conditions and real struggles over food and water with limited humanitarian assistance , the group said . Many are fleeing on foot because they ca n't afford boats or buses , Albuja said , and even if they do make it , they get there only to find the roads blocked . The group is especially concerned about women , children and the injured , who they 've heard are too afraid to go to hospitals , believing hospitals will be bombed . The Norwegian center is very concerned about victims of rape as a weapon of war , he said . French involvement began the day after militants said January 10 that they had seized the city of Konna , east of Diabaly in central Mali . Paris-Match interviews Belmoktar On Monday , the website of the French magazine Paris-Match published an interview with the spokesman for Moktar Belmoktar , the veteran jihadist behind the Algeria attack , who said the attack was "  a 90 % success because we managed to reach a strategic site protected by 800 soldiers with only 40 men . " France 's "  crusaders and Zionist Jews will have to pay for its attack on the Muslims of northern Mali , " said the spokesman , Hacen Ould Khalil . "  I hope France realizes that there will be dozens of Mohammed Merahs and Khaled Kelkal  s  . " Merah , believed to be a French national of Algerian descent , said he was a self-styled al Qaeda-trained jihadist . He was the chief suspect in a series of shootings , including an attack on a Jewish school , in France in 2012 . He was killed in a police raid . Kelkal was of Algerian origin and is believed responsible for a series of attacks on French soil in the 1990s . The spokesman told the magazine that his group has contacted the French authorities and started negotiations . "  The goal was never to kill or hurt the hostages , " he added . Then he explained what al Qaeda-linked militants in the Sahara want : The end of the French intervention in Mali ; the liberation of Omar Abdel-Rahman , "  the blind sheikh " incarcerated in the United States for his role in the 1993 World Trade Center bombings ; and the freeing of Aafia Siddiqui , a Pakistani scientist who is incarcerated in the United States on terrorism charges . France denies any communication with Belmoktar 's group , according to the publication . Read more : Six reasons events in Mali matter France sending more troops ? In recent weeks , French President Francois Hollande has said that if his country had not intervened , Mali "  probably would have fallen into the hands of terrorists . " Now 3,150 French soldiers have been assigned to the French mission , dubbed Operation Serval . At least 2,150 of them are on Malian territory , the French have said . The government is considering sending more troops , it said Monday . The Islamists are well-equipped and well-trained , French officials have said . But advances made by the Malian army toward cities that the Islamists previously controlled "  constitutes a certain military success for the Bamako government and for French forces , " said French Defense Minister Jean-Yves le Drian . "  I reaffirm my total confidence in our soldiers who are in combat with determination in the mission decided by the French president . " he said . "  It aims to restore sovereignty to Mali on its territory and to prevent the risk of the constitution of a terrorist sanctuary in the heart of Africa . " Gunfire heard Rebel control over Diabaly was one of the chief concerns to Mali and France as they tried to stop the Islamists ' movement into the south . French and Malian forces retook Konna from militants Friday , a French source said . But gunfire could still be heard there on Monday . What 's behind the instability in Mali ? As fighting continues , many people are being cut off and are in need of basic supplies . The U.N. Security Council in December authorized the deployment of an African-led International Support Mission in Mali , and West African leaders met Saturday in Ivory Coast to discuss speeding up deployment of troops . The regional bloc -- the Economic Community Of West African States -- has said it has 3,300 regional troops on standby . It urged the United Nations to provide immediate logistical and financial support for African troops . "  The escalation of conflict in recent days reminds us of the importance of assuming our responsibilities very quickly in a dynamic of coordination with our partners , " said Charles Koffi Diby , the Ivory Coast foreign minister . "  We should act very quickly . " ` It was absolutely necessary ' Despite its unilateral decision to get involved , France is seeking help from its regional allies and the international community . Christian Rouyer , French ambassador to Mali , reiterated the need for the French offensive in Mali . "  We had a friendly country that was on the verge of dying , " Rouyer said Friday . "  It was absolutely necessary to act with urgency . We did it , I believe , with full knowledge of the reasons . " Leaders from several countries have offered troops or logistical support . The European Union has approved a training mission . Canada and Britain are deploying military transport aircraft . Nigeria is set to deploy soldiers as part of the U.N.-mandated African force to fight the insurgents . No military aid from U.S. U.S. policy prohibits direct military aid to Mali because the fledgling government is the result of a coup . No support can go to the Malian military directly until leaders are chosen through an election , said Victoria Nuland , a State Department spokeswoman . So far , the United States has only shared intelligence from intercepted signals and satellites with France , defense officials said . U.S. trainers will be in African nations to prepare forces set to be deployed in Mali . Trainers will be in Niger , Nigeria , Burkina Faso , Senegal , Togo and Ghana . The United Nations is warning of a record number of Malians fleeing to neighboring nations . The violence could soon displace up to 700,000 in the country and around the region , said Melissa Fleming , a spokeswoman for the U.N. refugee agency .	A humanitarian group says many injured fear going to hospitals Paris-Match : Terrorist leader spells out demands and talks about the Algeria attack France may send more troops to prevent Islamist terrorists from controlling Mali The international community fears Mali could become a hub for terrorists
Washington  CNN  -- A key Republican senator chastised his House GOP colleagues Sunday for failing to pass a comprehensive immigration bill . "  Shame on us as Republicans , " Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , told CNN 's Chief Political Analyst Gloria Borger on "  State of the Union . " "  Shame on us as Republicans for having a body that can not generate a solution to an issue " involving national security as well as cultural and economic considerations . "  The Senate has done this three times , " Graham said . "  I 'm close to the people in the House , but I 'm disappointed in my party . Are we still the party of self-deportation ? Is it the position of the Republican Party that the 11 million must be driven out ? I have never been in that camp as being practical . I am in the camp of securing our borders first , fixing a broken legal immigration , " said Graham , one of the Republican senators who pushed a bipartisan bill to passage there in 2013 , but on which the House never voted . That bill included legal status for the roughly 11 million illegal immigrants in the United States and tougher enforcement measures . Graham , though supportive of an immigration overhaul , criticized President Barack Obama for taking executive action that could allow almost 5 million undocumented immigrants to avoid deportation and grant many of them work permits . He said he agrees with many of his fellow Republican lawmakers who have called the President 's action unconstitutional . "  It 's one thing to say , as an executive agency , I do n't have the money to prosecute everybody or to deport everybody , so I 'm going to rank them in order . It 's another for the President of the United States to say , not only will I decide not to prosecute a group of people , but I will affirmatively give you legal status ... that is well beyond executive action . " While some in the GOP have called for possibly impeaching the President for his immigration action , Graham said he 's not among them . "  I 'm not going to go down the road of impeaching the President . And let me tell you why . Immigration has been dogging the country since 2006 . The President is frustrated . I have a solution that I have been supporting that is comprehensive , that would allow legal status to the people in question . "  But you do it through a congressional action , where you get the entire system fixed . His action does not secure the border . It does n't fix a broken legal immigration system . And it leaves millions of people left out in terms of the 11 million . " Obama , meanwhile , defended his decision , pointing out that his predecessors have taken such actions . "  Congress has a responsibility to deal with these issues , and there are some things that I ca n't do on my own , " the President told ABC 's "  This Week " in a taped interview . "  What I do have is the legal authority to try to make the system better . Given the resource constraints that we have , we have to prioritize . " Obama answered his critics who pointed out he had previously said he was limited in how much he could do saying earlier "  I am president . I am not king . I ca n't do these things just by myself . " "  What is absolutely true is that we could n't solve the entire problem and still ca n't solve the entire problem , " Obama told ABC . "  But what we can do is prioritize felons , criminals , recent arrivals , folks who are coming right at the border and acknowledge that if somebody 's been there for over five years -- they may have an American child or a legal permanent resident child -- it does n't make sense for us to prioritize them when we know that we need more resources . " He also disputed his critics who have called him an imperial president . "  If you look -- the history is that I have issued fewer executive actions that most of my predecessors by a long shot , " he told ABC . "  The difference is the response and specifically the response of some of the Republicans . But if you ask historians , take a look at the track records of the modern presidency , I 've actually been very restrained , and I 've been very restrained with respect to immigration . I bent over backwards and will continue to do everything I can to get Congress to work because that 's my preference . " Republicans hammer legal case against Obama on immigration	Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , appears on CNN 's "  State of the Union " Graham rebukes his U.S. House counterparts for failing to act on immigration bill He says President Obama is going too far with executive action Obama is defending his stance , saying other presidents have acted likewise
CNN  -- Springtime , when young lovers ' "  ehh " turns to desperate fancy , when we clear the metaphorical  and literal  skeletons from our proverbial  and literal  closets , when the sun pulls the cobwebs from her blighted eyes and bestows upon us her tentative warmth . Winter is almost over , friends , and with spring comes cleaning . Sure , you 're probably planning on taking some time out to execute mundane , soul-eviscerating tasks such as scooping deflated basketballs  and dreams  from the rain gutters , so why not add another to-do to the list ? We suggest giving your online world a good scrubbing . And we do n't just mean deleting all those cookies you 've collected from surfing RedTube . Freshen up Facebook Yes , it 's obnoxious and wholly unfair , but -- as we 've heard time and time again -- prospective employers , friends and lovers judge you based on your Facebook account . If your status history is replete with F bombs , your albums bursting with snaps of your impressive beer-bonging skills and your wall crawling with comments detailing last night 's exploits with that dude whose name you ca n't recall , well , you 're likely not getting hired  or lucky  . Enter Socioclean , a service that combs through your entire Facebook history , grading you on just how dirty your social presence is . Warning : You will likely get an "  F , " as Socioclean is more sensitive to sin than the pastor in "  Footloose . " Seriously , the only way you might possibly score an "  A " is if your profile were composed entirely of pictures of kittens -- and you refrained from labeling them with the other word for cat . Still , the service provides a handy log of anything even remotely offensive your profile may contain , letting you go through , and , say , delete all mentions of your deep , abiding love for moonshine before applying for that job at the day care center . Tweak Twitter You know there 's a reason you decided to follow PonyDancer87 on Twitter -- you just ca n't remember what it is , and now every time you log in you 're privy to his extensive musings on the subject of Princess Celestia and her "  gorgeous flowing mane . " Yeah , it 's time to pull that dude from the race -- as well as all other lame horses . Tweeter Karma is a service that lets you see which of your followers are following you back , and unfollow those you can live without -- within the app . And , for those among us who follow scads of folks who never tweet , there 's Untweeps , which lets you unfollow all those silent lurkers . Prime your presence Your web presence is your business card , so make like those dudes in "  American Psycho " and invest in subtle , off-white coloring and a tasteful watermark . "  People need to constantly manage and monitor their reputation before someone else does it for them , " says Dan Schawbel , personal branding expert and author of "  Me 2.0 . " "  To control your social media presence , you should use various tools to keep track about what other people say about you : Google.com / Alerts  for news and blog mentions  , TweetBeep.com  for tweets  , BackType.com  for blog comments  , and SocialMention.com , which searches your name across all social networks . " You can even up the ante by signing up for Brand Yourself , a site that lets you track and manage your online identity . The service was born because CEO Pete Kistler shares his name with a convicted felon , an issue that made Googling the entrepreneur a dicey affair . So , you know , it 's a useful tool -- unless you actually are a convicted felon .	Here 's how to freshen your Facebook pages and clean up your social media presence Socioclean will comb through your Facebook profile to make it future-employee appropriate Tweeter Karma lets you see which of your Twitter followers are following you back
EW.com  -- Greendale may not have closed its doors for good after all : Hulu is currently in talks with Sony Pictures TV for a sixth season of the recently cancelled "  Community , " a source close to the show tells EW .  Deadline first reported the news .  Sony and Hulu are n't commenting , and another source stressed caution about such a deal , but a proposed plan would likely include a 13-episode new season of the community college meta-comedy , with creator Dan Harmon in the fold . If by chance an agreement were reached , it would push the show past the 100-episode milestone  it 's at 97  , and , of course , bring it one crucial step closer to fulfilling fans ' rally cries of "  six seasons and a movie . " EW : ` Community ' canceled Hulu is a logical destination for the show , as it already owns the exclusive digital rights to the "  Community 's " first five seasons .  The off-network rights belong to Comedy Central .  The streaming service is committed to expanding its original programming , which currently includes shows like The Awesomes , Deadbeat and East Los High , as well as Casey Wilson 's upcoming Real Housewives parody The Hotwives of Orlando , but original episodes of Community would put HuluPlus -- with its six million subscribers -- on the map in a bigger way , much like the revival of Arrested Development did for Netflix . Earlier this month , NBC officially cut bait on "  Community , " whose fifth season averaged 3.8 million viewers and a 1.6 rating in the 18-to-49-year-old demographic , including DVR playback . Harmon has kept expectations in check about the possibility of the show -- which had made scoring a last-minute renewal from NBC an annual rite -- finding a second life elsewhere . Responding to the cancellation news on his blog , he said he was open to making more episodes  "  I 'm not going to be the guy who recancels cancelled Community "  but also noted : " -LSB- T -RSB- here are lots of reasons a Community resurrection could be difficult . So be prepared for that . " See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Hulu is in talks to revive "  Community " Fans have requested "  six seasons and a movie " NBC canceled the show in May
PHNOM PENH , Cambodia  CNN  -- A joint Cambodian-United Nations court , currently trying five former members of the ultra-Maoist Khmer Rouge group on war crimes charges , is itself facing allegations of corruption and bribery . Cambodia 's Minister of Information Khieu Kanharith says no proof of kickbacks or corruption has been found . Two employees of the court 's Office of Administration told CNN of an ongoing kickback scheme involving Cambodian staff . The staffers asked their identities be protected out of fear of retribution to themselves and their families . "  We are talking about 30 to 40 or even a little bit more ... a month , " said one employee , referring to the total amount allegedly taken from employees . "  Thousand dollars . Thirty or 40,000 dollars a month . " Cambodian staff at the office , they say , are forced to hand the money over -- a chunk of their salaries -- and the funds go to an official . "  They are supposed to pay a certain amount  of  money -- a certain percentage , " the employee said . "  So every month , they have to put it in an envelope -- and give it to ... each section has one person go around to collect it ... the money is in cash , in U.S. dollars . " There is no suggestion that the court 's judges or lawyers -- who are hearing and presenting the case against the former Khmer Rouge leaders -- are involved in the alleged corruption . The Cambodian government told CNN a senior Cambodian court official was investigated for corruption , but was exonerated . "  They told me they can not find any proof of kick-back or corruption , " said Khieu Kanharith , government information minister . "  If you want the court -- the trial -- to go ahead , separate the two cases . " However , a defense attorney for one of the defendants said the trial and the allegations of corruption are inextricably linked . "  What 's really disturbing is that by the time the judges make their decision , every piece of evidence , every bit that they look at and evaluate and deliberate on , will have passed through the office of administration and will have literally passed through the hands of people who we say have dirty hands , " said Andrew Ianuzzi , a consultant for defendant Nuon Chea 's legal team . Defense attorneys say they plan to bring up the corruption allegations during the trial in an effort to discredit the court . The Cambodian government refused United Nations requests for an independent international war crimes trial for the Khmer Rouge defendants , agreeing only to a joint trial where the government participates along with the international judges . Watch a report on the trial a Khmer Rouge torture camp commandant " Prosecutors are attempting to prove that the five defendants played a significant role in the deaths of as many as two million Cambodians during Khmer Rouge rule of the country from 1975 to 1979 . The trial has already cost $ 56 million , more than $ 10 million per defendant . But the court has asked for another $ 50 million to carry it through the end of 2009 . The total could go higher if the trial continues into 2010 . The United Nations says its internal affairs body -- the Office of Internal Oversight Services  OIOS  -- is investigating the corruption allegations within the court , but wo n't elaborate . "  This matter has been under investigation by OIOS , whose work is confidential , " the United Nations said in a statement . "  The result of the probe will be submitted to the Cambodian government for further action . " In a letter sent to attorneys for the trial defendants , Sean Visoth , the head of the court 's Office of Administration , writes that his office has "  never tolerated any kind of corruption or malpractice . " Visoth says the court now has an anonymous "  complaint mechanism " in place . Meanwhile , however , independent trial monitors say they believe a culture of fear prevents other current and employees from coming forward . "  At the court , I have heard people express concerns about loss of their job , repercussions or retaliations against their families , and also some possibility of physical fears , " said Heather Ryan , a Khmer Rouge trial monitor . The employees spoke out , saying they were fully aware of the risk . "  To me , it is really sick . How can you take money from people each month and look people in the eye and say , ` Oh , I do n't know anything about it ? ' " one employee asked .	Joint Cambodian-U.N. court is facing allegations of corruption and bribery Court is trying five former members of Khmer Rouge group on war crimes charges Staff are allegedly forced to hand part of salaries over , with funds going to an official Defense attorneys say they plan to try to discredit the court with the allegations
CNN  -- At least 12 people died in northern Nigeria when attackers raided two churches during Christmas Eve services , police said . One assault occurred at the Church of Christ in Nations in Postikum , in Yobe province . Gunmen attacked worshipers during prayer , killing six people , including the pastor , and setting the building on fire Worshipers also were attacked at the First Baptist Church in Maiduguri , in Borno state . A deacon and five church members were killed . They were the latest strikes against Christians in the region . More than 30 people died in a wave of Christmas Day attacks in the north last year , blamed on Boko Haram , a militant group that has targeted Christians and Muslims it considered insufficiently Islamist . Pope Benedict XVI referred to the northern Nigerian violence in his traditional Christmas message from Vatican City on Tuesday . "  Savage acts of terrorism " in the region , he said , "  continue to reap victims , particularly among Christians . " In October , a report from Human Rights Watch also addressed violence in northern Nigeria , particularly from Boko Haram . "  Suspected members of the group have bombed or opened fire on worshipers in at least 18 churches across eight northern and central states since 2010 . In Maiduguri , the group also forced Christian men to convert to Islam on penalty of death , " it said . It is not immediately known whether the group was behind the latest attacks . The Christmas attacks came as families whose kin died in last year 's killings delivered graveside prayers for a peaceful holiday period . Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan issued a statement promising better days next year , including better security . "  Sometimes , challenges make people doubt the sincerity of government , but I am confident that God knows everything , " he said Sunday . But residents told CNN that despite assurances of security , they have been attacked again . Journalist Hassan John contributed to this report .	NEW : Pope Benedict XVI addresses violence in the region One attack was in Yobe province , the other in Borno state A militant Islamist group has been targeting Christians and some Muslims There was a wave of attacks last year on Christmas
CNN  -- Five members of Liverpool 's backroom staff have followed manager Rafael Benitez in committing their long-term futures to the Premier League title challengers . Rafael Benitez 's backroom staff have followed his example in signing new contracts with Liverpool . Benitez signed a new contract with the club last week , following months of speculation , keeping him at Anfield until 2014 . Now the Spaniard 's lead has now been followed by assistant manager Sammy Lee , first-team coach Mauricio Pellegrino , goalkeeping coach Xavi Valero , fitness coach Paco de Miguel and chief scout Eduardo Macia -- all of whom have agreed contract extensions of at least two years . "  I said when I signed my own deal recently that it was a priority to sort out the future of the technical staff , " Benitez told PA Sport . "  We work extremely well as a team , and continuity is essential if we are to build on the progress we have made this season and move the club further forward . I am delighted we have been able to sort out the contracts , " he added . The news caps a remarkable month for the club , who have thrashed Manchester United and Aston Villa to re-enter the Premier League title race and also crushed Real Madrid 5-0 on aggregate to reach the quarterfinals of the Champions League .	Five members of Liverpool 's backroom staff sign new contracts with the club The news follows the decision of manager Rafael Benitez to finally agree terms The signings are a further boost as Liverpool chase Europe and domestic glory
CNN  -- Those new to the cult of Mac may not realize it , but there once was a time when that iconic logo that shines from the top of Apple notebooks used to be positioned , well , upside down . Anyone gazing at the back of an open PowerBook or iBook saw Apple 's logo balancing on its stem , almost as if in the middle of a pirouette . And now we know exactly why Apple opted for its original logo positioning : Joe Moreno , a former senior web app engineer and marketer at Apple , took to his blog Sunday to disclose the story behind Apple 's original design . Moreno said that Apple staff confused by the design decision used the company 's anonymous internal question system Can We Talk ? to ask "  Why is the Apple logo upside down on laptops when the lid is open ? " Apparently , the Apple Design Group had discussed the issue of the Apple logo on the lid extensively . If the logo faces the user when he or she opens the laptop , then it 's upside down when the lid is up . And if the logo is right side up when the laptop is open , then it 's upside down to the user when he or she is looking to open it . Apple CEO Steve Jobs wanted to provide the best experience for the user , and so the Apple logo was initially placed to be upside down to onlookers . But the decision was reversed within a few years . "  Opening a laptop from the wrong end is a self-correcting problem that only lasts for a few seconds . However , viewing the upside logo is a problem that lasts indefinitely , " Moreno wrote . Smart move â $ " especially considering how often Apple notebooks appear in Hollywood productions . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Ex-Apple employee explains why notebook logo used to be "  upside-down " Joe Moreno says Apple staffers at the time were confused He says Steve Jobs wanted it to face the user when opening a laptop
CNN  -- My son had barely taken his first breath when the people in the hospital started telling me how lucky I was . Not because he was healthy , mind you , but because he was a he . "  It 's easier to raise boys , " I was told . And for a while I actually believed them . Then I started paying attention . Did you know boys are more likely to drop out of high school than girls ? Or that there are more female college students than male ? And did you know the imprisonment rate for men is roughly 15 times higher than the rate for women ? If this is what boys being easier to raise than girls looks like , coul ` d you imagine how many men would be in jail if raising girls got any harder ? We worry so much about girls getting hurt -- and justifiably so -- but interestingly enough , the stats show it 's our boys who are more likely to get robbed , attacked or even murdered . We see girls as fragile orchids and boys as plastic plants . But let 's face it : At the core of this line of thinking is n't safety -- it 's sex . When someone offers this piece of advice , it 's with the thinking that girls have to be protected from boys who will say and do just about anything to get in their pants . What 's typically missing from this discussion is the challenge to parents -- particularly fathers -- not to raise a liar and a cheat . True , parents of boys do not have to worry about them coming home pregnant , but does that mean an unplanned pregnancy can be considered "  the girl 's problem " ? After all , a boy 's girlfriend did not get pregnant asexually . That 's why I 'm Tebowing day and night , hoping my 15-year-old has the will to stay away from sex -- even though the world all around him tells him there 's something wrong with him if he does . Easier ? Ha . Try different . A little girl who likes to play sports is called a tomboy . A little boy who does n't like to play sports is called weird . A teen girl who says "  no " is called a good girl . A teen boy who says "  no " is called a sissy . A lot of words describe what it 's like for parents who are trying to teach their teenage son how to be his own man in a high school setting that demands conformity , but "  easy " is not one of them . I know , I know , "  boys will be boys " is the accepted rule of thumb . But given that we have a federal department that hunts down and sometimes arrests deadbeat fathers , does n't that raise the question : What kind of boys are we raising ? And if they 're dropping out of high school at a faster clip than girls , why do we think raising them is easier ? Last year , I wrote a piece with the headline "  Parents , do n't dress your girls like tramps . " I received a lot of e-mails from offended readers who told me I had no idea how hard it was to avoid buying sexy clothing for their little princesses . I usually responded by reminding them I never said it was n't hard . And then I asked if they 've ever seen the words on many of the T-shirts aimed at young men . They may not be blatantly inappropriate , like a cut-off shirt that reveals their bellybuttons , but if I had a dollar for every T-shirt I 've read that sexualizes the words "  balls , " "  sticks " or "  size , " I could retire . I guess if parents do n't care if their son thinks being a man begins and ends with his penis , then yes , I can see how some would think raising a boy is easier . But if you 're actually trying to raise a gentleman , and you hear LMFAO rap "  I 'm running through these hos like Drano " -- as they do in "  Party Rock Anthem , " the second most popular song of 2011 -- then you 're not breathing a sigh of relief because it 's so much easier to raise a boy . Instead you 're wondering how much of what you 're trying to teach him soaks in , versus what our culture says is OK . We 've made so many advances as a society in terms of gender equity , and yet we still hold on to this nonsensical double standard that celebrates sexually active boys while demonizing their female counterparts , as if we can have a lot of one without the other . This kind of thinking is handed down from generation to generation almost as soon as the umbilical cord is cut . But how can we continue to believe boys are easier to raise than girls , when only 42 % of custodial moms received all of their child support payments in 2009 ? Some see loose women in that statistic . I see some men who are punks . Perhaps if we stopped viewing raising our boys as easier , we would n't have to deal with so many men who still behave like boys later in life . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	When his son was born , people told LZ Granderson it was easier to raise a boy Boys are more likely to be dropouts and go to jail , he says , less likely to go to college Parents have to fight a culture that encourages boys to be sexually active , he says Girls can be tomboys , he writes , but boys are bullied if they are n't "  male " enough
The extremist Sunni militants sweeping across Iraq may have a singular goal , but there 's a broad coalition of recruits from outside of the Middle East willing to help them achieve it . The so-called Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , or ISIS , wants to establish an Islamic state stretching from northern Syria into Iraq . And as the brutal terror group racks up victory after victory on the battlefield , more foreign fighters are considering joining their ranks . Who are they ? Three young men we spoke to have traveled to Syria to answer the call to jihad . They agreed to speak to us from the northwestern city of Idlib over Skype , provided we masked their identities and did n't use their real names . Abu Anwar , as he asked to be called , is 25 years old and from Britain . "  I 'm from the south of England . I grew up in a middle class family , " he told us . "  Life was easy back home . I had a life . I had a car . But the thing is : You can not practice Islam back home . We see all around us evil . We see pedophiles . We see homosexuality . We see crime . We see rape . " SEE MAPS : Where ISIS has taken over in Iraq We spoke with Abu and his friends as so many of these young men do : online . Their posts , many featuring photos of them posing with guns , attempt to make jihad sound cool . And this is a big draw to many youngsters who want to be part of this war , but have little or no combat experience . ISIS claims to be fighting for justice , but in reality their campaign is about brutality . The group has committed massacres and acts of terror so extreme -- including a recent boast about executing Iraqi soldiers in cold blood -- that even al Qaeda has disavowed them . I asked Abu if his family knows what he 's doing in Syria . "  They are not happy with me being here . But when I give them Dawa  their interpretation of Islam  , they see the reality , they hear the reality from me that they do n't hear from the BBC , " he replied , after a pause . There are thousands like Abu from all across Europe in Syria and Iraq , according to some estimates . The Soufan group , a security consulting firm , believes there are around 700 from France , 800 from Russia and almost 300 from Britain . But these figures relate to people analysts have been able to track , and the true numbers may be even higher . And as ISIS 's onslaught in Iraq grows , there are fears even more foreigners will be drawn to fight . Last month , U.S. officials said Moner Mohammad Abu-Salha , a 22-year-old American known as Abu Hurayra Al-Amriki , drove a truck full of explosives into a Syrian army position and detonated it , killing himself in the process . Abu says he was a friend of Abu Hurayra 's , and that they "  clicked immediately " after they met to discuss their shared ideology . "  He was the best person I have ever met in my life . He had the best character , " Abu said . "  Abu Hurayra believed this would allow him to go in and kill many of the enemy , including himself . He wanted this more than a bullet . He told me , ` If I go on this martyrdom mission , do n't go back to England . Ask Allah to keep you on this path . ' " We asked Abu Anwar what Abu Hurayra told him before he carried out the suicide attack . "  He told me to just pray that Allah accepts me as a martyr , " Abu told us . "  He told me first that he wants this so much and we have many stories of this people who are in these kind of operations , where they 've survived the explosion . And on the radio before he detonated the bomb he said , ' I see paradise and I can smell paradise . ' This was seconds before he blew himself up . " Abu , inspired by his friend , said he too wants to carry out a suicide attack -- what he calls a martyrdom mission . But when asked if he would return to Britain to carry out an attack , he said no . "  If I come back home , it will be when the black flag of Islam is flying over Downing Street , " he said . "  I know some people have the intention of come back to do attacks . But me personally , I only have the intention of coming back as a conqueror . " Abu said his family is not aware of his plan to carry out a "  martyr mission , " but when his time comes to carry out the attack , he said he 'll inform them . For now , Abu insisted that the immediate goal is to establish a caliphate in Syria and Iraq . When I asked if he would now take up arms with ISIS , he said he was considering it . For Abu and others like him , the call to jihad is seemingly too strong to resist . READ MORE : Will Kurds break free from Iraq ? READ MORE : Why West must ignore Iraq 's pleas READ MORE : ` We are facing a new reality and a new Iraq , ' Iraqi Kurdish leader says	Sunni terror group ISIS is drawing support from would-be jihadists born outside the Middle East Soufan group says there are hundreds from France , Russia and Britain waging jihad in region One 25-year-old Briton says he was inspired by an American militant to carry out a suicide attack
CNN  -- Several thousand barrels of North Slope crude oil spilled into a containment area along the Alaska pipeline Tuesday when an open valve at a pump station allowed oil to overflow a tank , the Alyeska Pipeline Service Company said . Alyeska said the incident took place about 10:30 a.m.  2:30 p.m. ET  during a planned pipeline shutdown while the company was conducting fire command and valve leak testing at the pump station . The Alaska Department of Environmental Conservation said a battery failed to control the valve when power was switched from the main grid during Alyeska 's tests . The valve has been closed , shutting off the flow , the department said , but the pipeline remains shut down . The department said the next steps would be to clean up the oil in the containment area , determine the cause of the problem and restart oil flowing in the pipeline . No oil has been reported outside the containment area . Mark MacIntyre , a spokesman for the Environmental Protection Agency in Seattle , Washington , said two EPA coordinators would arrive on the scene from Anchorage on Wednesday and have a report in the afternoon . The pump station is near Delta Junction , about 100 miles south of Fairbanks . Ayleska said the lined containment area that took the spill has a capacity of about 104,500 barrels . Ayleska also said there were no injuries and the pump station was evacuated . An incident management team and other responders were dispatched . CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	Several thousand barrels of oil overflow Alaska pipeline tank Source flow has been stopped but pipeline still shut down Spill remained in designated containment area
CNN  -- The One Fund Boston , a nonprofit created to benefit the victims of the Boston Marathon bombings , has begun distributing nearly $ 61 million to 232 eligible claimants , the fund said in a news release Saturday . Payments will be issued beginning June 30 and represent 100 % of all the money that was collected by the fund through June 26 , the release said At least 264 people were wounded and 3 were killed in the double bombings , which took place near the Boston marathon finish line on April 15 . To be considered for payment , those injured had to file claims . While it was not specified in the release , failure to do so could explain why about 30 of those injured are not included among the claimants . Payments will be made to claimants in each of the four classifications of claims  categories A through D  , according to the release . Six people in Category A will each receive $ 2,195,000 . This category includes loss of life and those who sustained double amputations of limbs or permanent brain damage . Fourteen people in Category B will each receive $ 1,195,000 . This category includes those who sustained a single amputation of a limb . Sixty-nine people in Category C will each receive between $ 125,000 and $ 948,300 . This category includes those who were physically injured and hospitalized for one or more nights and they will receive their payments determined by length of hospital stay . The final category , D , will give 143 people $ 8,000 each . This category includes those who were physically injured but released without an overnight hospital stay . "  No amount of money can replace what has been lost , " One Fund Boston Administrator Kenneth Feinberg said , "  But  the tragedy  was made lighter by the unprecedented generosity of Bostonians , of Americans , and of people around the world . " The One Fund Boston was established by Boston Mayor Tom Menino and Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick . The release states that the One Fund will use donations received after June 26 to continue to support the survivors and victims ' families who have been most affected by the tragedy . No deadline has been established for donations .	At least 264 people were wounded and 3 were killed in Boston Marathon bombings A nonprofit is dividing nearly $ 61 million among 232 injured , and families of those killed The fund says the money is 100 % of all collections through June 26
CNN  -- Stuart Broad 's stunning five wickets for no runs spell , including a hat-trick , restored England 's hopes after Rahul Dravid 's 34th Test hundred had put India in command at Trent Bridge Saturday . England looked set to face a massive first innings deficit until Broad performed his heroics to wrap up the Indian innings for 288 , a lead of 67 . The home side battled to 24 for one , losing Alastair Cook cheaply , by the close to trail by 43 with three days left of the second Test . But it could have been so much worse for Andrew Strauss ' men who won the first match of the series at Lord 's in convincing fashion . Dravid and Yuvraj Singh had taken India to 258 for four wickets with a stand of 128 until Broad struck . He removed Yuvraj for 62 , caught behind , then soon afterwards had India captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni caught at second slip by James Anderson . Next ball Harbhajan Singh was lbw , although the decision by South African umpire Marais Erasmus looked dubious with replays indicating he had hit the ball . But there was no doubt about his hat-trick dismissal as he clean bowled Praveen Kumar . Dravid went shortly afterwards to Tim Bresnan for an excellent 117 , while Broad , who had earlier removed India 's batting legend Sachin Tendulkar , wrapped up the innings to end with Test-best figures of six for 46 in 24.1 overs . Broad , who top-scored in England 's first innings of 221 , was pleased to have performed his feat on his home ground . "  It 's always nice to get a hat-trick anywhere but to get it at Trent Bridge is special , " Broad told Sky Sports . "  We have to bat well tomorrow  Sunday  to set it up for ourselves . " Dravid , who shared an invaluable stand of 93 for the second wicket with VVS Laxman  54  , admitted he had been constantly under pressure on a difficult wicket . "  It was hard work , but the wicket did get easier than yesterday . "  They have a good quality bowling attack and they tested us . " England need to win the four-match series by two clear matches to usurp India as the world 's top-rated Test side .	Stuart Broad takes hat-trick in 5-0 spell in second Test at Trent Bridge England paceman 's feat restricts India to first innings lead of 67 Rahul Dravid scores 34th Test century to put India on top England trail by 43 with nine wickets left by close of play
CNN  -- He played the ukelele , weighed in on the Obamacare debacle and even flashed his prehistoric flip cell phone . Suffice it to say , we got to see another side of Warren Buffett during an interview with Piers Morgan Tuesday night . Accompanied by his son and grandson , the billionaire investor gave his unique take on almost everything . And with that , he let Morgan and American take a quick peek in his wallet . Literally . Here are some of the highlights . On Obamacare and Kathleen Sebelius Buffett has in the past supported President Barack Obama . And it seems that this support extends to embattled U.S. Secretary of Health and Human Services Kathleen Sebelius . Buffett says give Sebelius some time to fix the Obamacare mess she is overseeing . "  I am a friend of Kathleen 's . And I 'm a friend of her when she 's in trouble . I like Kathleen . I feel sorry for her in the position she 's in . Obviously , it 's a huge screw up but it will get worked out , " Warren Buffet told Piers Morgan . On technology Can you tell a lot about the wealth of a man from his cell phone ? Apparently not when it comes to the 83-year-old financial guru . "  This is the one Alexander Graham Bell gave me , " joked Buffett , as he revealed a Nokia flip phone , a relic compared to today 's smartphones . "  I do n't throw anything away until I 've had it 20 or 25 years . " By the way , Buffett 's son , Howard Graham Buffett , did not bring a phone to the interview . And grandson Howard Warren Buffett led the three generations when it came to technology . He had two Blackberries . Buffett 's standoffish approach to technology extends to e-mail . "  I sent one e-mail in my life , " revealed Warren Buffett . "  I sent it to Jeff Raikes at Microsoft and it ended up in court in Minneapolis , so I am one for one . " On his biggest mistake When you are one of the richest people in the world , it is hard to say you made many mistakes . Buffett listed one . "  I bought a company in the mid-90s called Dexter Shoe and paid $ 400 million for it , " Buffett said . "  And it went to zero . And I gave about $ 400 million worth of Berkshire stock , which is probably now worth $ 400 billion . But I 've made lots of dumb decisions . That 's part of the game . " On his wallet Buffett says he has been carrying the same wallet for 20 years . And when Morgan asked Buffett to show America what is inside , he obliged . He whipped out the black wallet for a split second . If you blinked you missed it . The highlights : A family picture . A wad of hundreds . And an American Express card from 1964 . "  It goes with the cell phone , " Buffett joked about the almost 50-year-old credit card . On the shutdown showdown At least one part of the recent battle between Democrats and Republicans that caused a 16-day government shutdown should never happen again , Buffett says . The battle should not take place around whether to raise the debt ceiling limit , he said . It could be catastrophic to the economy . "  I think that both parties should declare the debt limit as a political weapon of mass destruction which ca n't be used , " he said . "  I mean , it is silly to have a country that has 237 years building up its reputation and then have people threaten to tear it down because they 're not getting some other matter . " On investment Who would n't ask the "  Oracle of Omaha , " who made his fortune investing , for a stock tip ? Fans watching the interview needled Morgan via Twitter to ask the Nebraska billionaire how he would invest $ 1,000 right now . Buffett 's answer : "  Well you asked , " he coyly told Morgan . "  You 've done your job . " It seems investment advice does n't come easy . "  I ca n't even get an answer to that question , " Howard Graham Buffett joked . Watch Piers Morgan Live weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	Warren Buffett is one of the richest men in the world During an interview he offered opinions on Obamacare and the government shutdown He also gave a peek at what is in his wallet : a wad of $ 100 bills No smartphone for Sage of Omaha ; he uses an old flip cell phone
CNN  -- A new South Dakota law requiring a woman to get counseling at a "  pregnancy help center " and wait 72 hours after a physician assessment before having an abortion appears destined for a legal challenge . Law opponents say the waiting period would be the longest in the nation . Gov. Dennis Daugaard , who signed House Bill 1217 on Tuesday , is anticipating such a move . The restrictive bill 's prime sponsor , Rep. Roger Hunt , has pledged to raise private funds to help finance any needed defense , Daugaard said in a statement . "  I think everyone agrees with the goal of reducing abortion by encouraging consideration of other alternatives , " Daugaard . "  I hope that women who are considering an abortion will use this three-day period to make good choices . " The law , which also requires the woman to receive counseling at a "  pregnancy help center , " is currently scheduled to take effect July 1 . But the American Civil Liberties Union and a regional office of Planned Parenthood said they will file a lawsuit to stop the law . "  Planned Parenthood 's legal team has determined that this bill is such an egregious violation of the Constitution , that we will file suit if the governor signs it , " said the Planned Parenthood office for Minnesota , North Dakota and South Dakota before Daugaard 's action . "  The law also purports to ensure that women are ` informed ' before consenting to an abortion , but actually imposes requirements that are both impossible to meet and require physicians to flood their patients with false and misleading information , " the group said in a statement . Chris Hupke , head of South Dakota 's Family Policy Council , told CNN Sioux Falls affiliate KSFY that "  Planned Parenthood has not done anything to police itself when a woman is being coerced into this action . " Hupke says the centers will provide important counseling about abortion and offer alternatives "  so that women get the information so that they can make an informed decision , a voluntary decision . " The Guttmacher Institute , a New York-based research center for sexual and reproductive health , says that 34 states require that women receive counseling before an abortion is performed . Twenty-five of those states also require women to wait a specified amount of time -- usually 24 hours -- between the counseling and the abortion procedure , the group says . Language at the beginning of the bill states that it establishes "  certain procedures to better insure that -LSB- abortion -RSB- decisions are voluntary , uncoerced , and informed , and to revise certain causes of action for professional negligence relating to performance of an abortion . " Under the law , no physician may have the pregnant woman sign a consent for the abortion on the day of the initial consultation . The doctor must perform an assessment and can not schedule a procedure "  to take place in less than 72 hours from the completion of such consultation and assessment except in medical emergency . " The physician will discuss risk factors with the woman and must provide information on "  pregnancy help centers , " according to the law . The woman must undergo a pregnancy center consultation prior to the day of any scheduled abortion and provide written proof to the doctor . Planned Parenthood said the centers "  must have as their central mission a desire to dissuade a woman from having an abortion , no matter what her particular risks or circumstances . " South Dakota obstetrician Marvin Buehner told CNN Rapid City affiliate KEVN that the new law is "  government-mandated interference in the doctor/patient relationship . "	South Dakota governor signs abortion bill It requires a woman to wait 72 hours after consultation before abortion She must also get counseling at "  pregnancy help center " Barring legal challenge , the bill takes effect July 1
CNN  -- A South Korean left-wing activist was arrested Thursday for an unauthorized visit to North Korea , a South Korean national police official said . Roh Su-hui , a leader with an organization close to North Korea , was taken into custody as he crossed back into South Korea after three months , the official said . Roh visited Pyongyang to commemorate the 100th day since the death of the country 's late leader , Kim Jong Il , according to KCNA , North Korea 's official news agency . KCNA called his visit "  a righteous deed in view of traditional beautiful manners " and urged the South not to arrest him . Nevertheless , he was immediately arrested for illegal entry and glorifying his country 's political rival . He walked across the two countries ' heavily guarded border in the demilitarized zone and was brought in for questioning , according to an official from the South 's National Police Agency who refused to be named in line with Korean policy . So far , he has refused to speak about his visit , the official said . Authorities will be interrogating him and will likely charge him under the National Security Law  NSL  within two days , the official told CNN . The NSL was designed to protect the state against North Korean propaganda and to prosecute spies . It was used widely during the years of military dictatorship in the 1970s and '80s . "  Roh Su-hui 's illegal entry to North Korea and his slandering of the South 's government and praising of the North is an illegal act . Upon Roh Su-hui 's return , he will be investigated on the purpose of his visit and his whereabouts in the North and will be strictly dealt with in according to relevant law , " Unification Ministry spokeswoman Park Soo-jin said in a regular briefing Wednesday . North Korea claims that "  the South is using Roh 's return as a pretext for eliminating the progressive pro-reform forces . " South Korea did not send any representatives to the North after Kim 's death . Tension between the two countries remains high since North Korea 's shelling attack on a South Korean island in 2010 and the sinking of a South Korean warship in a torpedo attack blamed on the North .	Roh Su-hui went to North Korea to mark the 100-day anniversary of Kim Jong Il 's death He is likely to be charged under the National Security Law , a police official said Tensions remain high between the two countries
CNN  -- U.S. kidnapping victim Jaycee Dugard , who gave birth to two children during her 18 years in captivity , said she did what she had to do to survive . During a wide-ranging interview with ABC News ' Diane Sawyer that aired on Sunday night , Dugard opened up about her experiences at the hands of her captors , Phillip and Nancy Garrido . Dugard was just 11 years old when she was abducted in 1991 from the street in front of her South Lake Tahoe , California , home . The Garridos held her and her daughters in a hidden compound of sheds and tarpaulins until she was found in 2009 . Dugard is now 31 and working to build a new life , one in which she and her children are finally free . "  There 's a switch that I had to shut off , " she told Sawyer . "  Just went someplace else . " "  I ca n't imagine being beaten to death , you know ? And you ca n't imagine being kidnapped and raped , you know ? So , it 's just , you just do what you have to do to survive . " Dugard recounted the first moment Phillip Garrido entered her life . She was on her way to school , wearing her favorite shirt and a ring in the shape of a butterfly her mother had given her , ABC reported , when all of a sudden Dugard felt "  tingly " and "  numb . " Phillip had shocked her with a stun gun , the network said . The Garridos then put her in their car . She recalled Phillip laughing at one point , and telling his wife : "  I ca n't believe we got away with it . " "  It was like the most horrible moment of your life times 10 , " Dugard told ABC . At first , she was handcuffed . Dugard said she tried not to cry because , with her hands behind her back , she could n't wipe away her tears . Left on her face , they would itch , she said . Dugard also recalled the first time she gave birth , in the backyard , at just 14 years old . "  I did n't know I was in labor , " she said . "  Then I saw her . She was beautiful . I felt like I was n't alone anymore .  I  had somebody that was mine ... And I knew I could never let anything happen to her , " she said . Throughout her 18-year ordeal , Dugard managed to hold onto the ring her mother had given her and the hope that she would one day be reunited with her family , ABC reported . "  I wanted to see her more than anything , " she said about her mother . "  I would cry every day .  It was  hardest when I would think about her and what she was doing and then -- trying to convince myself she was better without me . "  Worried I 'd forget what she looked like , or what she sounded like . Would she forget me ? " Her mother , Terry Probyn , also appeared in the ABC interview . Last month , a judge sentenced Phillip Garrido to 431 years in prison after he pleaded guilty to one count of kidnapping and 12 counts of sexual assault . His wife Nancy Garrido got 36 years to life in prison for her role in the crimes , including kidnapping and one count of rape by force . The couple had pleaded guilty in late April in El Dorado Superior Court . A statement from Dugard , read by her mother at the sentencing hearing , called the Garridos "  evil " and described her kidnapping by them as a "  sexual perversion . " During the ABC interview , she stressed she is moving on with her life . Dugard said she wants to study writing , the network reported . She spoke out just days before her memoir , "  A Stolen Life , " is scheduled to be released . The book is due in stores on Tuesday . "  Why not look at it ? Stare it down until it ca n't scare you anymore , " Dugard said about her nearly two decades in captivity . "  I did n't want there to be any more secrets . "	Jaycee Dugard was just 11 when she was abducted She gave birth to two children during her 18 years in captivity Her memoir , "  A Stolen Life , " is due in stores on Tuesday Dugard speaks exclusively to ABC News ' Diane Sawyer
CNN  -- Lawmakers voted in favor of same-sex marriage in New Hampshire and Maine on Wednesday , leaving Rhode Island as the only other New England state without legislation in favor of the issue . Maine Gov. John Baldacci signed a bill Wednesday legalizing same-sex marriage . Maine Gov. John Baldacci signed his state 's same-sex marriage bill less than an hour after the legislature approved it . "  I have come to believe that this is a question of fairness and of equal protection under the law , and that a civil union is not equal to civil marriage , " Baldacci , a Democrat , said in a statement released as he signed the bill . But he raised the possibility that the citizens of the state would overturn the law , saying : "  Just as the Maine Constitution demands that all people are treated equally under the law , it also guarantees that the ultimate political power in the state belongs to the people . " It was not immediately clear whether New Hampshire Gov. John Lynch , a Democrat who has questioned the need for such legislation , would sign the bill passed Wednesday by the legislature in his state . Lynch said last week he did not think the law is necessary because the state already recognizes civil unions . If he does sign , his state will join New England neighbors Maine , Vermont , Connecticut and Massachusetts , which all have laws approving same-sex marriages . That would leave Rhode Island , which has same-sex marriage bills pending in its general assembly . Iowa is the only other state that allows same-sex marriages , after the Iowa state Supreme Court ruled unanimously on April 3 that it is illegal to discriminate against same-sex couples by denying them the right to marry . The first gay marriages in the state took place April 27 . California 's state Supreme Court issued a similar ruling in May 2008 , after which some 18,000 gay and lesbian couples got married there . But California voters in November approved Proposition 8 , which amended the state constitution to ban gay marriage . See which states allow same-sex unions " The state 's high court heard arguments earlier this year about whether Proposition 8 was itself constitutional , but it has not yet issued a verdict . New York Gov. David Paterson introduced legislation in April to make same-sex marriage legal in his state . A similar bill died in the state Senate in 2007 . The District of Columbia voted Tuesday to recognize same-sex marriages performed elsewhere , but does not itself give marriage licenses to gay or lesbian couples . In New Hampshire , the House voted 178-167 in favor of the legislation Wednesday after the Senate approved an amended version of the House 's original bill last week . The amended version distinguishes between civil and religious marriage . It allows each religion to decide whether to acknowledge same-sex marriage , but extends the option of civil marriage to any two individuals . Meanwhile , the Human Rights Campaign , a gay and lesbian rights organization , praised Maine 's new law . "  This law is simply about making sure that loving , committed couples , and their families , receive equal rights and responsibilities . This is a step that will strengthen Maine families , " Human Rights Campaign President Joe Solmonese said in a written statement . A slim majority of Americans are against legal recognition for same-sex marriage , CNN polling found last month . Fifty-four percent of adults questioned in an April 23-26 nationwide CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll said marriages between gay or lesbian couples should not be recognized as valid , while 44 percent said they should be considered legal . But there was a huge gap between the opinions of younger and older people , with younger people far more likely to approve of gay marriage . Nearly 6 in 10 people ages 18 to 34 said same-sex marriages should be legal . Just over 4 in 10 people ages 35 to 49 agreed . Numbers were similar for 50 - to 64-year olds , while only 24 percent of people 65 and older agreed . The survey 's sampling error was plus or minus 3 percentage points .	Maine lawmakers passed bill Wednesday , and governor signed it New Hampshire lawmakers passed bill , unclear if governor will sign Three states currently allow same-sex marriage Poll says 54 percent of Americans are against such measures
CNN  -- Teenage striker Neymar showed why some of Europe 's biggest clubs are hot on his trail as he scored both goals in Brazil 's 2-0 friendly international win over Scotland at Arsenal 's Emirates Stadium on Sunday . The 19-year-old Santos star is reported to be a transfer target for both Real Madrid and Chelsea when the season finishes and his display against the Scots will have only further enhanced his reputation . Neymar has now scored three times in three appearances for his country as Brazil got back to winning form after recent defeats by both France and Argentina . Brazil were always in control against a side that had never beaten them in nine previous meetings and they took the lead three minutes before half-time . Andre Santos played a superb cross in from the left for Neymar , who was given too much space in the area before curling a low shot into the corner of the net . And it was Neymar who secured the victory in the 77th minute , scoring from the penalty spot after he had been fouled in the area by Charlie Adam . Meanwhile , the United States and Argentina shared a 1-1 draw in their friendly match at New Meadowlands Stadium , home of the NFL 's New York Giants and New York Jets . Esteban Cambiasso put Argentina ahead in the 42nd minute from close range after goalkeeper Tim Howard had saved Angel Di Maria 's initial shot . But the home side rallied and levelled on the hour mark when teenage substitute Juan Agudelo fired home after Argentina failed to deal with Landon Donovan 's corner .	Brazil defeat Scotland 2-0 in their friendly international at Emirates Stadium Teenage Santos striker Neymar scores both goal to enhance his reputation The United States fight back to draw 1-1 with Argentina at New Meadowlands
St. Petersburg , Florida  CNN  -- In the first major ballot box test of 2014 , the GOP won . Republican David Jolly edged out Democrat Alex Sink to win Tuesday 's special election in Florida 's 13th Congressional District . Jolly will fill out the term of his former boss , Republican Rep. Bill Young , who died in October . Young , first elected to Congress in 1970 , was the longest-serving Republican in the House . With national Republicans framing the race as a referendum on Obamacare and a massive infusion of outside ad money to try to influence the outcome , pundits have looked to the Florida race as a bellwether for November 's midterm elections . Special coverage : 2014 midterm elections But Jolly did n't mention the health care law in his victory speech and instead said , "  This race is not about defending a broken agenda in Washington or advancing a broken agenda in Washington . This race is about defending Pinellas County and serving the people right here in our own community . " Sink , the state 's former chief financial officer who narrowly lost the 2010 gubernatorial election , said in a concession statement , "  While tonight was not the result we were hoping for , I am proud of the race we have run and so grateful for the countless Pinellas residents , volunteers and supporters who put their faith in our campaign . " Swing district in swing state Jolly won 48.5 % of the vote , and Sink got just under 47 % . Libertarian candidate Lucas Overby was a distant third , with just under 5 % of the ballots cast . With Jolly 's win keeping the House seat in GOP hands , the Democrats still need win 17 seats in November to regain control of the chamber . Political handicappers say that 's a tall order , considering the shrinking number of competitive congressional districts nationwide . Eight things to watch between now and Election Day Florida-13 , a swing district in a swing state , covers most of Pinellas County between Tampa Bay and the Gulf of Mexico , including parts of St. Petersburg . While Young captured 58 % of the vote in his 2012 re-election , President Barack Obama narrowly carried the district in his 2008 and 2012 victories . Attacking Obamacare the right prescription for GOP ? While the candidates said local issues mattered heavily , national Republicans were quick to proclaim Obamacare the biggest loser . "  Tonight , one of  House Democratic Leader  Nancy Pelosi 's most prized candidates was ultimately brought down because of her unwavering support for Obamacare , and that should be a loud warning for other Democrats running coast to coast , " proclaimed Rep. Greg Walden of Oregon , the chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee , said in a statement . "  His  Jolly 's  victory shows that voters are looking for representatives who will fight to end the disaster of Obamacare , " added Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus and Co-chair Sharon Day in an e-mail blast to reporters . CNN Poll : Support for Obamacare slightly edges up The Democratic National Committee claimed the issue of health care actually kept the contest close . "  Republicans fell short of their normal margin in this district because the agenda they are offering voters has a singular focus -- that a majority of voters oppose -- repealing the Affordable Care Act that would return us to the same old broken health care system , " said Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida , the DNC chair . Tons of outside advertising money was poured into the race , and many of the ads attacking Sink focused on health care . "  Canceled health plans . Higher premiums . Medicare cuts . People losing their doctors . A disaster for families and seniors . For Alex Sink , the priority is Obamacare . Not us , " said the narrator in a TV commercial by the Chamber of Commerce , which backed Jolly . That was a potent message in a district that 's one of the grayest in the nation . Nearly a quarter of all residents in Florida 13 are 65 or older . Jolly said he was committed to getting rid of Obamacare entirely . Sink acknowledged that Obamacare was a major issue . While she highlighted how the Affordable Care Act has helped people , she also noted the law has flaws and said she was open to GOP proposals to amend some of the measure 's requirements . Democrats look to November Sink was the candidate national Democrats wanted in this race , and she faced nominal opposition in January 's primary . Jolly was far from the GOP 's dream candidate and had to battle to win the party 's nomination . Democrats jumped on his work as a lobbyist who worked for groups pushing to privatize Social Security after he had left Young 's staff . National Democrats , who began to try to lower expectations a few days before the election , said they 'll make another run at the district in November . "  Democrats will fight for Florida-13 in the midterm , when the electorate is far less heavily tilted toward Republicans , " said Rep. Steve Israel of New York , chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee . Outside money Since it 's one of a dwindling number of competitive districts and the only game in town , outside money poured into the race , which was the most expensive contest so far this cycle , topping even last year 's special U.S. Senate election in Massachusetts . In addition to the approximate $ 2.5 million spent by the two campaigns , the party committees and outside groups dished out more than $ 9 million to run TV and radio ads , other paid media and direct mail , according to the Center for Responsive Politics , which monitors outside spending . The pro-Republican group American Crossroads , which said it spend $ 500,000 on the contest , said that Florida-13 was just an appetizer "  A lot of us rolled up our sleeves after 2012 , studied the Obama playbook and invested in targeted voter turnout and more effective messaging . The Florida CD-13 special was an important test market , and there was unprecedented cooperation among outside groups . We intend to keep refining these lessons as we prepare for the fall elections , " said Crossroads CEO Stephen Law . While a contest this far out from Election Day rarely provides a preview of what will actually happen in November , Jolly 's victory will give the GOP bragging rights . "  Regardless of whether or not the election will tell us anything about November , the two political parties will learn lessons from this contest and apply them to future races , " said Stuart Rothenberg , editor of the nonpartisan Rothenberg Political Report . Jolly 's win "  means it 's all about Obamacare for the GOP . " Zelizer : Obama may hate the midterm results	Florida 's 13th Congressional District is a swing district in a swing state Republican David Jolly defeats Democrat Alex Sink in the special election Republicans say the victory shows that Democrats are on the defensive with Obamacare Campaign spending topped last year 's special U.S. Senate election in Massachusetts
CNN  -- Think half-eaten cookies and carrots are the only way to prove it was actually Santa who put that reindeer sweater under your Christmas tree ? Think again . Thanks to Google and the North American Aerospace Defense Command , also known as NORAD , you can track old Saint Nick on his Christmas Eve journey around the globe . Log on to Noradsanta.org to view a special Google Map displaying Santa 's whereabouts . The map , which launched at 2 a.m. EST on Friday , uses little red and yellow presents to note the places Santa has already visited . Click on the presents to learn a bit about each location , like Rabaul , Papua New Guinea , where , according to the map , Santa visited at 8:16 a.m. EST on Friday . A tiny Santa icon is used to show his current location while a countdown clock below the map lets users know where he 'll take the sleigh next . But NORAD 's interactive tracker is n't the only way to follow Mr. Claus around the world on Christmas Eve . Google Earth shows Santa and his reindeer in action as they make their way across the globe , from Seattle 's Space Needle the to pyramids in Egypt and so on . Traveling on Christmas Eve ? NORADs got you covered . Search "  Santa " using Google Maps on your smartphone , or , better yet , just ask OnStar . "  Do you have an OnStar-equipped vehicle ? " NORAD asks on its official Noradsanta Twitter page . "  On Christmas Eve day , press the OnStar button and locate #Santa ! " The bi-national air defense command began tracking Santa in 1955 because of a typo in a Sears Roebuck & Co. advertisement , according to NORAD 's website . The ad , reading , "  Hey , kiddies ! Call me direct on my telephone , " accidentally printed the wrong number , directing children to the phone of the former NORAD director of operations . Adding to the holiday excitement , first lady Michelle Obama teamed with NORAD to take calls Friday from children eager to know Santa 's whereabouts , according to a NORAD press release . "  Hello , this is first lady Michelle Obama with NORAD Tracks Santa . How may I help you ? " she said , according to the release . Obama fielded the calls from Hawaii , where the first family will spend the holiday .	NEW : Michelle Obama helps kids track Santa 's journey With Google and NORAD , you can track old Saint Nick on Christmas Eve Log on to Noradsanta.org to view a special Google Map displaying Santa 's whereabouts The bi-national air defense command began tracking Santa in 1955
CNN  -- Thirty days of signs and signals have revealed to the world in Francis I , a pope who seems eager to earn the title pontiff , or bridge-builder . Beginning with his choice of a name , which evokes the beloved image of St. Francis of Assisi , the former cardinal of Buenos Aires , Jorge Mario Bergoglio , put the world on notice that change was afoot by forgoing the fancy red slippers and ermine stole favored by other popes . Since then he has shown a remarkable common touch in his encounters with the public and greater sensitivity to others than the man who came before him . Try as he did , Francis ' immediate predecessor , Benedict XVI , never looked comfortable in his own skin , let alone in pastoral contact with others . Clad in his ornate robes , he seemed to keep the world at arm 's length in a way that betrayed his long service as Rome 's "  Rottweiler "  a nickname he received from the press  in charge of disciplining those who deviated from doctrine . While personally warmer , the pope before Benedict , John Paul II , was stern when it came to religious matters and approached the world with an Us vs. Them mindset . As the church was rocked by a seemingly endless number of sex abuse scandals -- thousands of child victims and systematic cover-ups by the hierarchy -- he blamed secular society , especially the media , and capitalistic materialism . Pope Francis tasks cardinals with studying reform of Catholic Church In contrast with John Paul and Benedict , Francis does n't seem capable of greeting anyone without a big , sincere smile and whenever given the choice between clerical privilege and everyday human experience , he opts for the human . This was demonstrated most clearly as he visited a jail during Holy Week to symbolically wash the feet of a dozen people who represented the apostles . Among them were two women and two Muslims . Their presence , and Francis 's ease with them , dismayed traditionalists who recoiled at the sight of females and non-Catholics being included in the ritual . It thrilled those who hunger for a more accessible and inclusive church . The survivors of clerical abuse , who I have come to know during three years of writing my book "  Mortal Sins , " hope that Francis will bring real change . However , they have been discouraged by 30 years of church evasions and counterattacks and are understandably wary . Tough-minded evaluators , they criticize Francis ' record on abuse in Argentina . There he was among many of the world 's Catholic bishops -- fully 25 % -- who failed to meet a deadline for establishing policies to deal with complaints and priests who were accused , according to the Wall Street Journal . Victims also wait for Francis to demonstrate that he will discipline offenders and reveal their records . "  We do n't think statements make kids any safer , " SNAP leader Barbara Blaine told me this week . "  Unless he makes kids safer , he 's not doing his job . " Blaine 's "  show-me " attitude is echoed by her SNAP colleague Peter Isely , who was sexually abused when he attended a Catholic boarding school in Wisconsin . Isely said he admires the new man 's style and sees , in his personality , reason for hope . Vatican seeks to rebrand its relationship with science "  St. Francis was the single greatest reformer in the history of the Catholic Church , " ' noted Isely . "  My favorite quote by St. Francis is , ` Start by doing what 's necessary ; then do what 's possible ; and suddenly you are doing the impossible . ' Confronting and reforming the church 's global system of child sex abuse and cover-up , that is doing what is necessary . If Pope Francis does that , who knows what 's possible ? Better yet , what 's impossible . " Jeffrey Anderson , the attorney most responsible for the waves of litigation that have revealed the church 's secrets on abusive priests , is even more optimistic . Regarded by some as the most dreaded enemy of institutional Catholicism , Anderson told me , "  This pope has already demonstrated in action and words a humility we have n't seen before . I see that as revolutionary and it is in direct contrast with the hubris that was the source of the abuse crisis . It gives me hope that he can , if he chooses to , go against the power structure and fundamentally change things . For today I have hope like I never had . " Although I am also skeptical of church leaders and well aware of the hierarchy 's long-standing failure on the abuse issue , Francis ' first 30 days have led me to agree with Anderson when it comes to the new pope 's personality . This is a shift for me , and I make it tentatively , because like all Catholics and former Catholics , I know we are susceptible to the influence of church stagecraft . We want to believe , and that desire has been exploited too often in the past . If Francis makes the changes that the church must make to end the sex abuse crisis , it will happen because he grasps and wields the power of his office . As a cardinal , he was bound by his oath of obedience to "  go along . " As pope , he is the one who makes the rules and requires others to obey . What if one of those requirements included an open , transparent and serious program to make children safe and heal the trauma of the past 30 years ? Pope to Vatican : ` Act decisively ' on sex abuse cases Many of history 's transformational figures have been men who , when they finally achieved power , used it in surprising ways . Theodore Roosevelt , son of wealth and privilege , became the trust-busting enemy of corporate monopolists . Southerner Lyndon Johnson used his considerable skills to champion civil rights . Richard Nixon , Republican friend of industrialists , created the Environmental Protection Agency . Francis has his chance now . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael D'Antonio .	Michael D'Antonio : Pope Francis ' first month has shown a remarkable common touch He says the Pope connects with people on a human level Even those leading cause of church abuse victims like what they see , he says D'Antonio : Pope has great opportunity to end the sex abuse crisis
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Two Americans banned from entering the United Kingdom because the government feels they have been "  stirring up hatred " responded by slamming the country 's home secretary , and one of them threatened to sue her . Jacqui Smith said she did not hesitate to name and shame those who foster extremist views . Radio talk show host Michael Savage and the anti-gay Rev. Fred Phelps were listed Tuesday among white supremacists and radical Islamic clerics who will not be allowed into the country . Savage , whose conservative daily show can be heard on radio stations across America , lashed out in an audio clip on his Web site and devoted seven stories on his main page to the ban . He is listed under his real name , Michael Alan Wiener . Britain 's Home Office said it decided to exclude the 22 people on the list after measures by Home Secretary Jacqui Smith last year targeting people "  who have engaged in spreading hate . " "  She has painted a target on my back , linking me with people who are in prison for killing people , " Savage said . "  How could they put Michael Savage in the same league as mass murderers when I have never avowed violence ? " Watch more about Savage 's reaction " According to the British Home Office , Savage is on the list for "  seeking to provoke others to serious criminal acts and fostering hatred which might lead to inter-community violence . " Smith said she is determined to keep those who "  spread extremism , hatred and violent messages " out of the country . "  Coming to the UK is a privilege , and I refuse to extend that privilege to individuals who abuse our standards and values to undermine our way of life , " Smith said . "  Therefore , I do not hesitate to name and shame those who foster extremist views , as I want them to know that they are not welcome here . The Home Office named only 16 people on the list , saying it was not in the public interest to disclose the names of the other six . Savage called Smith a "  witch " in the audio clip and asked why six names on the list were n't released . He also questioned why North Korean leader Kim Jong Il and Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez did n't make the list . Savage said he has seven attorneys working on a defamation lawsuit against Smith and encouraged his listeners to call off any travel plans to England and boycott all British products . Savage 's show is not syndicated in England . The outspoken Kansas Rev. Fred Phelps and his daughter , Shirley Phelps-Roper , also made the list for "  engaging in unacceptable behavior and fostering hatred . " Phelps did not issue a response on his Web site . However , the site linked to a British news story on the ban and the link called Smith a "  neo-Nazi dyke " and "  filthy God-hater . " Phelps and his followers at Topeka 's Westboro Baptist Church oppose homosexuality . They picket the funerals of soldiers killed in Iraq , saying their deaths are God 's way of punishing the United States for supporting homosexuals . They have expressed similar views about the victims of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks and Hurricane Katrina . The church 's slogan is "  God Hates Fags . " Also on the list : • Former Ku Klux Klan Grand Wizard Don Black , who established the white supremacist Web site Stormfront , which the Home Office called one of the oldest and largest hate group sites . • Eric Gliebe , chairman of the National Alliance , one of the largest neo-Nazi groups in the United States . The Home Office accused Gliebe of "  justifying terrorist violence , provoking others to commit serious crime and fostering racial hatred . " • Samir al Quntar , a Lebanese man who spent three decades in prison for killing four Israeli soldiers and a 4-year-old girl in 1979 . Al Quntar is listed for "  engaging in unacceptable behavior by seeking to foment , justify or glorify terrorist violence " in order to provoke terrorist acts , the Home Office said . • Nasr Javed , a leader of the Kashmiri militant group , Lashkar e Taiba . • Islamic clerics Abdul Ali Musa , Abdullah Qadri Al Ahdal , Amir Siddique , Yunis Al Astal and Safwat Hijazi . • Wadgy Abd El Hamied Mohamed Ghoneim , whom the Home Office describes as a prolific writer and speaker . The Home Office said he has sought "  to foment , justify or glory terrorist violence in furtherance of particular beliefs and to provoke others to commit terrorist acts . " • Mike Guzofsky , the leader of a militant Jewish group who also has ties to Kahane Chai , a group that the U.S. State Department lists as a foreign terrorist organization . • Russian skinheads Artur Ryno and Pavel Skachevsky , whom the Home Office said are "  leaders of a violent gang that beat migrants and posted films of their attacks on the Internet . "	Talk show host asks why Hugo Chavez , Kim Jong Il not on list UK Home Office : 22 people banned from Britain for "  stirring up hatred " Home Office named only 16 of those on the list Ex-Ku Klux Klansman , Russian skinheads , radical Islamic clerics also on list
Wichita , Kansas  CNN  -- A few years ago , Cessna , one of the most renowned names in aviation , was selling hundreds of multimillion-dollar airplanes annually . Then the recession hit . The company lost half of its orders and half of its jobs -- 6,000 jobs in Wichita alone . "  I think now every day we wake up , we feel we have to go out and earn our right to be that number-one manufacturer in general aviation , " said Cessna CEO Jack Pelton . As a result , Cessna has re-examined its manufacturing methods on the aircraft production line . They 've stepped up customer service and they say they 're looking for new ideas , new savings and new efficiencies . Take a tour through Cessna 's production line The company cleared out an entire part of a production building , Pelton said , so managers could reconsider "  how we build airplanes and how we can become better at it . " Full coverage : Building Up America "  Innovate or die , " Pelton said . "  You ca n't just hunker down and hide during this period of time . You have to continue doing your best . "	Cessna Aircraft Company lost 6,000 jobs in Wichita , Kansas , a few years ago Managers revamped the aircraft production line and improved customer service "  Innovate or die , " said company CEO Jack Pelton
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's father wants a judge to order the pop star 's estate to pay him a monthly allowance , according to papers filed in court Friday . Joe Jackson , the 80-year-old Jackson family patriarch , was not named in Michael Jackson 's 2002 will , which left his wealth to his mother , Katherine Jackson , his three children and undisclosed charities . Brian Oxman , Joe Jackson 's lawyer , filed the petition Friday asking for him to be included in the family allowance . The matter will be considered Tuesday when Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Mitchell Beckloff convenes the next hearing on matters related to the probate of Jackson 's will , Oxman said . The filing does not publicly specify how much Jackson 's father is requesting . Howard Weitzman , one of the lawyers for the estate 's special administrators , said Joe Jackson 's request "  will be considered as are all requests for money from Michael 's estate . " "  It was quite surprising to learn of the request , " Weitzman said . Michael Jackson 's mother and his three children receive a court-ordered allowance from the estate totaling more than $ 86,000 a month , according to court documents . The money is in addition to the maintenance of the home -- which is owned by the estate -- in Encino , California , where Katherine Jackson lives with her grandchildren , the papers said . Although Joe and Katherine Jackson are still married , Joe Jackson lives in Las Vegas , Nevada . Joe Jackson is credited with launching and guiding his family 's show business success , but Michael Jackson had publicly criticized his father 's parenting skills . Tuesday 's hearing could also see a new challenge by the Jackson family of the 2002 will . Michael Jackson died June 25 , but the probate of his will has been slowed by a series of court squabbles between Katherine Jackson 's lawyers and the two men now in control of the estate . John Branca and John McClain , who are named as executors in the will , were appointed temporary special administrators to run the estate until the process is completed . Katherine Jackson replaced the lawyers representing her in the estate case last month with attorney Adam Streisand . Another Jackson family lawyer said the change was made because the case was about to take a "  new direction " based on "  new evidence " uncovered by the family . Attorney Londell McMillan pointed to questions about the authenticity of the signature on Michael Jackson 's will . Tuesday 's estate hearing will be Streisand 's first appearance in the case . A trial has been tentatively set for December to decide any challenge of the will , although Streisand said last month he expected it to be set for early next year . The A&E network announced Friday that "  The Jacksons : A Family Dynasty " television series will launch with two hours of programming on Sunday night , December 13 . Four of Michael Jackson 's brothers -- all except Randy Jackson -- are involved in the show "  as they prepare for a Jackson Five reunion , while also coming to terms with Michael 's tragic loss , " the network said . An A&E programming executive said the "  deeply intimate portrait will provide viewers with a raw and honest look inside a musical dynasty . "	Joe Jackson , who was left out of will , wants judge to give him allowance Michael 's mother , Katherine , Michael 's children get bulk of the estate Michael Jackson had publicly criticized his father 's parenting skills
CNN  -- The New York Yankees ' World Series hopes may have just taken a hit , as shortstop Derek Jeter fractured his left ankle in game one of the American League Championship Series against the Detroit Tigers on Saturday night . Jeter suffered the injury while fielding a ground ball in the top of the 12th inning , with New York trailing 5-4 . He immediately went down in pain , staying face down momentarily . Jeter was helped off the field , putting no weight on the ankle , with fans chanting "  Derek Jeter ! " Yankees manager Joe Girardi confirmed the severity of Jeter 's injury after the game . "  It wo n't jeopardize his career , but he will not be playing anymore for us this year , " he said , adding it will likely take three months to recover from the injury . Girardi said Eduardo Nunez will be activated to replace Jeter 's spot on the roster . He added that third baseman Alex Rodriguez -- a former shortstop -- would not replace the Yankees captain at the position , citing that it 's been too long since he has played there . Detroit won the game 6-4 . Game two is Sunday afternoon in New York .	Jeter was injured during a game against the Detroit Tigers He was fielding a ground ball and went down in pain , staying face down momentarily Jeter "  will not be playing anymore for us this year , " the Yankees manager says
