CNN  -- After 25 years , Robin Thomas had just about lost hope . Her brother , Jim Wolf , suffers from depression , alcoholism , unresolved grief and chronic homelessness , she says . No one disputes Wolf has been arrested dozens and dozens of times , mostly for misdemeanors such as public intoxication . Thomas says her brother "  lives in survival mode " and nearly died after an altercation with a bouncer left him with a crushed sternum and broken foot , she says . Recently , Wolf was featured in a fundraising video created by Rob Bliss for Dégagé Ministries . The group provides shelter , meals and other services daily to more than 400 homeless people in Grand Rapids , Michigan . Wolf is one of their regular clients . The video features Wolf getting a makeover that included a haircut with highlights , beard grooming and a beautiful new suit . The video received more than 14 million views in just a few weeks and helped raise more than $ 30,000 for Dégagé Ministries . Bliss says his hope was for the makeover to provide a start down a new path . Thomas says Wolf has started on that path before . "  It 's our hope he 'll take steps , " Thomas says . "  The makeover took a couple of hours . He 's had alcoholism for 25 years . " Wolf joined the U.S. Army at age 18 and spent a few years in the National Guard . Thomas says Wolf trained to deploy with an infantry unit but never deployed . She does n't know exactly how many years he served . The nation 's homeless veterans are predominantly male , according the Department of Veterans Affairs . The majority are single , live in urban areas and suffer from mental illness , alcohol and/or substance abuse , or co-occurring disorders . About 13 % of the adult homeless population are veterans . Thomas says Wolf never saw combat ; she suspects the life event that continues to haunt him was the sudden death of their mother . But that , his sister says , was years ago . Neither Thomas nor Bliss seemed surprised or anxious when Wolf was arrested shortly after the video was released . That Wolf is drinking but not using drugs is something of a relief . "  If he gets arrested fewer times this year than last , that 's progress , " Bliss says . Thomas agrees . She does n't take responsibility for Wolf or make excuses for him . When speaking of her brother , she seems quiet , respectful and a bit sad . She knows he is not the same big brother who was there for her growing up . She does n't question why her three other brothers have been less involved in helping Wolf than she is . She says Wolf is a great guy , has always been a great guy , but he 's never dealt with the reality of the havoc he 's created . Since the video was posted , people have shown willingness to help in various ways , Bliss and Thomas say . Dentists , rehabilitation facilities and doctors have offered assistance . Wolf was recently interviewed for a spot at a long-term residential treatment facility and received a complete physical , Thomas said . This week , he visited the hairstylist who cut his hair in the video for a trim . "  He shows people his picture in the paper , " Thomas says . "  He 's always sought attention , whether it 's by telling a joke or leaving a cabinet door open while passing through the kitchen . " She knows all these things are good things . She also admits that perhaps the video did not give Wolf the "  glimpse into the future " that others had hoped . He did not view it as a life-changing event , Thomas says . Walking into Dégagé Ministries this week , Thomas says , she had the sudden realization that the day center held "  300 Jims . " "  My hope for him is to get clean and sober , " she said , "  then get help with his depression . And for him to gain back hopefulness . I think he 's hopeless . I do n't think he can see the trees through the forest . " As for the rest of us who will click on the video , then later in the day walk by a man or woman holding a sign , or huddling in a cardboard box , Thomas hopes we will be willing to extend a hand of support instead of a dollar bill . "  Volunteer to give them some purpose . Talk to them . Have a simple conversation , " she said . "  I may have almost lost hope , but I will never give up . "	A video of homeless veteran Jim Wolf getting a makeover got 14 million views It helped raise more than $ 30,000 for homeless mission in Grand Rapids , Michigan Wolf , however , continues to struggle ; he was arrested shortly afterward His sister says Wolf lost hope : "  I do n't think he can see the trees through the forest "
CNN  -- The last few days have perfectly encapsulated the House of Representatives under Republican leadership . On Wednesday , House Republicans took the unprecedented action of voting to sue the President for doing his job and taking action to stand up for the American people . Then on Thursday , after Republican leadership failed to bring immigration legislation to the floor for a vote , the GOP House leadership wrote : "  There are numerous steps the President can and should be taking right now , without need for congressional action . ... " Baffled ? So am I ! Sue the President for doing his job one day ; ask him to do their job for them the next . The hypocrisy is difficult to fathom . But somehow , it gets worse . Their struggle to get a bill to the floor and failure to pass legislation that adequately addresses the crisis at the border would n't be unusual for this do-nothing Congress , except that we are coming up on the August recess , when members will leave Washington behind and return to work in their districts . While my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are home , I doubt they 'll find their constituents very happy that Congress spent one of our last few days in session voting to use their taxpayer dollars to sue the President . Nor will they be impressed that we stayed in town an extra night so we could vote on a bill that would weaken the due process for children . Voters are tired of the Republican obsession with obstruction . They are fed up with the more than 50 votes to repeal or undermine the Affordable Care Act , and they do n't appreciate that Republicans shut down the government over it , too . They do n't want Congress to waste more time and taxpayer money holding redundant hearings on Benghazi . But that 's all the Republican House is offering them . Democrats have an agenda that is actually in line with the priorities of America 's families . We have a plan that will jump start the middle class and strengthen economic security for all Americans . I know our members will hear from workers who agree with Democrats that we need to create jobs that pay good wages and extend opportunities to join the middle class . No one who works full time should have to raise their family in poverty . We 've seen in states across the country that increasing the minimum wage boosts the economy and creates jobs by putting more money in workers ' pockets to spend . That 's why Democrats will fight for an increase . With more women acting as their family 's primary breadwinner -- about 40 % in households with children -- there 's also public support for Republicans to join Democrats in passing the Paycheck Fairness Act . Equal pay is n't just a woman 's issue ; it 's an economic issue . There are many issues Congress could address that would actually help America 's middle-class families : making greater investments in education , easing the burden of student loan debt , and taking action to hold off the looming threat of climate change . And on one of our nation 's most pressing issues , immigration reform , the GOP 's insistence on adhering to rigid ideology , as well as putting their partisan stunts over real action that would help our country , is alarmingly apparent . If House Republicans were serious about addressing immigration reform , they could let us vote on the bipartisan Senate bill or fund President Obama 's border request . Instead , they have been fumbling with legislation that would hurt the immigrant community and make progress on actual reform more difficult . This August , when I 'm home in my district , I know I 'll be asked why Congress is wasting time and money suing the President instead of finding solutions to the pressing issues that our nation faces . The only answer I can give them is that Republican leadership in the House cares more about scoring political points against the President than they do about helping America 's middle-class families . It 's not an answer I 'm proud of , and I do n't think voters will be happy with it either . But come November , Americans will have a chance to choose leaders who are looking out for them and focused on finding real solutions to real problems by casting their ballots for Democrats . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Debbie Wasserman Schultz is puzzled by Republicans in Congress who ca n't get anything done Congress is taking its five-week summer recess Why is Congress wasting time suing the President instead of solving problems , she wonders
CNN  A boy with a pistol appears to execute two men who are accused of being Russian spies in a new propaganda video released by the terror ISIS group . In the video , the boy , who has been identified as Abdullah in prior ISIS videos , sports long hair and wears a black sweater and military fatigue pants . He stands behind the two men , who are kneeling , and shoots them in the back of the head in a theatrically produced video with slow motion . The boy stands over one of the bodies , fires two more times , and later raises his pistol high . CNN can not verify the authenticity of the video , but it appears to be the first time ISIS has shown a child carrying out an execution . The video 's title is "  Uncovering an Enemy Within " and states that "  enemies thought that they could dispatch spies and agents to plot against the Islamic State , but Allah disgraced their efforts and thwarted their plans . " Everything to know about the rise of ISIS The Islamic State in Iraq and Syria is using warfare and terror in an attempt to create an Islamic state , or caliphate , across the Sunni areas of Iraq and in Syria . ISIS has featured children as fighters before , calling them the "  cubs of the caliphate , " a play on words referring to how jihadis are called "  lions . " ISIS has encouraged foreign fighters to bring their families and has taken over schools to indoctrinate children . In June , Human Rights Watch documented the experiences of 25 children and former child soldiers in Syria 's civil war and asserted that nonstate armed groups have used children as young as 15 to fight in warfare and used others as young as 14 in support roles . CNN Exclusive : 13-year-old witness to ISIS beheadings ISIS and other extreme Islamists "  have specifically recruited children through free schooling campaigns that include weapons training and have given them dangerous tasks , including suicide bombing missions , " the rights group said . In earlier ISIS videos , the boy named Abdullah says that he 's from Kazakhstan and wants to grow up to kill "  infidels . " He appears to be Asian . ISIS has used shocking imagery of children in the past . In August , a 7-year-old Australian boy held a man 's severed head reportedly in the ISIS-held town of Raqqa , Syria . The photo was posted on Twitter by his Australian father , Khaled Sharrouf , who wrote "  that 's my boy . " The international community condemned the incident and photograph . 2014 : Child fighter tormented by ISIS The London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said Russians did infiltrate Syria in late December and made up the majority of 19 men who went to the ISIS-held area of al-Ra ` i . The Observatory is an activist group opposing the Syrian government , embroiled in a civil war where ISIS has established strongholds . The video shows the two men being questioned by someone off-screen , and they identify themselves as Mamayev Jambulat Yesenjanovich , 38 , who was born near Jambul , Kazakhstan , and Ashimov Sergey Nikolayavich , 30 . Both men say they are informants for the Russian intelligence service . In the questioning of the 38-year-old man , the video states that service as "  FSB , " or Russian 's Federal Security Service . The Russian state security organization could not be immediately reached for comment Wednesday . The Russian state news agency RIA reported that the FSB and the Russian embassy in Syria refused to comment on the situation . On January 4 , Ramzan Kadyrov , the head of the Chechen Republic , told the news agency Interfax that Russia has an intelligence network within ISIS . When asked whether there was an ISIS terrorism threat in Chechnya , Kadyrov stated : "  There is no threat . We are scaring ourselves with ISIS . Within the ranks of hordes of terrorists , we have a good intelligence network . This allows us to track the movement of those who are of interest to us . Moreover , it allows us to send those who , even as a joke , direct the barrel towards Russia on an eternal trip with a one-way ticket . " The anatomy of ISIS : How it is run CNN 's Alla Eschenko and Emma Burrows contributed to this report from Moscow . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq and Salma Abdelaziz also contributed .	Boy shoots two kneeling men in back of head in new propaganda ISIS video The boy has been identified as Abdullah in prior videos Human Rights Watch says extremists in Syria have been using child soldiers as young as 15
CNN  -- Sebastian Vettel extended his championship lead to 60 points with a commanding win at Sunday 's Singapore Grand Prix , claiming victory for the third year in a row at the Marina Bay street circuit and his third successive triumph of this season . The Red Bull star , seeking his fourth consecutive Formula One title , won for the seventh time in 2013 . However , as he was after winning at Ferrari 's home track Monza , Vettel was booed on the podium following the race . "  Fortunately we keep winning so they 've got a reason to boo , but it 's not nice , " the German said . "  As long as they keep booing , we are doing a very good job so that 's the way I see it . "  The parade lap was quite nice there were a lot of people cheering . Obviously I did n't give them the most exciting race , but on days like this , I really do n't mind . " Red Bull team principal Christian Horner was less happy with the reaction from some of the crowd . "  The boy drove an unbelievable race . What we have witnessed is one of the best drives I 've seen him produce in terms of raw pace and what he was able to deliver , " Horner said . "  So to see a driver , who has put in a performance like that and to not get the reception he deserves , is not sporting . "  He says it does n't affect him , that he does n't feel it , and he does have a broad set of shoulders . But he is a human being at the end of the day , and like anyone he has feelings . "  When you 've driven your heart out and you are getting that reaction , to me it 's not fair and not right . " Vettel 's closest title rival , Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso , battled his way up from seventh on the starting grid to finish second but was 32 seconds adrift in the only night race on the calendar . "  We knew we did n't have the pace , that we had to invent something , and the first opportunity was at the start , " the two-time world champion said . "  This is a fantastic podium , a second place that feels like a win . Red Bull were too fast all weekend , so we have to congratulate them for a fantastic weekend , and next we have to do better . " Kimi Raikkonen , who will join Alonso at Ferrari next year , overcame a back problem and a starting position of 13th to take the third and final podium place for Lotus . Vettel 's teammate Mark Webber had been poised to take fourth place but suffered technical problems in the closing stages and had to retire after slipping down the field . "  We were just trying to get home at that point but then on the last lap we caught fire , " he said . The Australian was given a lift back to the pits by Alonso , for which both were told off by the stewards -- and Webber will now face a 10-place grid penalty at the next race in South Korea following his third reprimand this season . Webber was frustrated by his car 's problems , which were explained by Horner . "  We could see with 12 laps to go that we began to lose water pressure . The water then effectively ran out at which point it is only a matter of time until the engine overheats , which is what happened on the last lap -- it was cruel luck . " Mercedes ' Nico Rosberg , who had briefly led after overtaking pole sitter Vettel at the start , came through to take fourth ahead of teammate Lewis Hamilton -- who remained third overall . "  The start was quite hairy , I kept the inside clear , but Nico went in too deep , " Vettel said . "  I was able to get the place back , which was crucial because we had good pace , but then we had the safety car . " Toro Rosso 's Daniel Ricciardo , who will replace Webber at Red Bull next year , inexplicably ran into a barrier on lap 25 -- meaning the field closed up again behind Vettel , but the German roared clear again once the safety car departed . The advantage his speed created meant the 26-year-old was able to go to the pits and still come back out in front . "  After that again we had the pace , and the car was incredible , which does n't happen by accident . It was a pleasure to drive it around this crazy track , " Vettel said . Ferrari 's Felipe Massa was sixth ahead of McLaren duo Jenson Button and Sergio Perez , with Sauber 's Nico Hulkenberg and Force India 's Adrian Sutil claiming the other points on offer .	World champion Sebastian Vettel marches towards a fourth consecutive F1 title German dominates Sunday 's Singapore Grand Prix , winning for third successive year Red Bull star shrugs off post-race booing he receives from spectators Title hopefuls Fernando Alonso and Kimi Raikkonen finish second and third
CNN  -- A spate of fireworks debacles and tragic parade accidents wrecked Independence Day celebrations across the country . The mishaps Thursday left 20 people hospitalized in Southern California , two people dead in parades nationwide , two people seriously injured in Chicago and $ 1.5 million in damage in Seattle . Two people killed in parades In Oklahoma , an 8-year-old boy on a parade float was killed when his father accidentally ran over him , Edmond police said . The boy was on a martial arts float that was driven by his father , police spokeswoman Jennifer Monroe said . It 's unclear whether the boy jumped or fell from the float before he was run over by the trailer 's tires . Another tragic parade accident took place in Bangor , Maine , when a man driving a tractor in the Independence Day parade died after a vintage fire truck struck him from behind , authorities said . Bangor police Sgt. Paul Edwards said the parade had been rerouted because of a four-hour standoff with a gunman who fired several rounds at police from an apartment window . The parade participants "  would not have been on that street normally , " Edwards said . Fireworks shows gone awry A display in Simi Valley , California , turned disastrous when fireworks exploded low to the ground and injured at least 26 people . Twenty-three of the 26 people who were treated at Simi Valley Hospital were released by Friday morning , said hospital CEO Kim Milstein . One person was transferred to a burn center and two people were admitted to the hospital and were in fair condition . Among those who were treated and released was a 17-month-old child . Injuries involved burns and shrapnel wounds , she said . Witness Annisa Wynn told CNN affiliate KTLA that fireworks suddenly began shooting sideways into the crowd instead of up into the air . "  The fireworks were so close , you could see them on the ground , " Wynn said . "  It never happens this way . People were screaming . " The show , carried out by a pyrotechnics company , was part of an annual series of fireworks displays that began in the city in 1970 , police Chief Mitch McCann said . Investigators were collecting evidence Friday , and the main investigation probably will begin Monday , Ventura County Deputy Fire Chief Mike LaPlant said . Another show in Windsor , Colorado , sparked flames that rose 10 feet high over parched land , witness Kami Gilmour said . "  The first embers dropped and looked like it might have started a small tree on fire , " Gilmour said . "  Then we realized there were six or seven fires all along the field , and then a gust of wind came and blew the fire all over the place . ... Our car was about 50 yards from it and covered in soot . " There was no immediate word of injuries from the Colorado fire . 6 die in Fourth of July Pennsylvania house fire Fireworks sever woman 's foot in Chicago An apparent near-ground fireworks explosion severed a woman 's foot and also seriously injured her sister-in-law in Chicago 's West Lawn Park on Thursday night , CNN affiliate WGN reported . The explosion severed the left foot of Kristina Perez , 32 , and left fourth-degree burns on the left leg of Lorena Perez , 34 , WGN said . "  One of the firecrackers , instead of going up , went to the ground and hit Kristina , " her father , Eleuterio Carmona , told WGN . The women said they were watching a fireworks display at the park when the explosion happened . Both were in serious condition at a hospital Friday , WGN said . The display was not an official , regulated show , the station reported . Illegal fireworks destroy 14 boats Seattle authorities said illegal fireworks sparked a massive fire that caused $ 1.5 million in damage . A firework landed on a boat cover at a boat storage facility on the north end of Lake Union , Seattle Fire Department spokesman Kyle Moore said . He said the dry storage facility stacks boats four stories high . Within seven minutes , the fire had destroyed 14 boats . Seattle also had three roof fires started by fireworks , according to Moore . As temperatures sizzle , fireworks even more risky CNN 's Jake Carpenter , Dave Alsup , Dottie Evans and Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	Two women seriously injured in fireworks incident in Chicago , WGN reports An 8-year-old Oklahoma boy and a man in Maine are killed while participating in parades Fireworks shoot sideways in Simi Valley , California , a witness says Illegal fireworks destroy 14 boats in Seattle and cause $ 1.5 million in damage
LONDON , England  CNN  -- If you want to peer inside your DNA , there 's no shortage of companies offering avenues for doing so these days . A cheek swab or saliva sample is all firms need to scan your genes . But how much health-relevant information can they provide ? The opportunity to have your complete genome mapped was recently auctioned on eBay -- with the winning bidder shelling out a cool $ 68,000 in the auction , which ended Monday . However , more cost-conscious consumers are more likely to send in a saliva sample to a company like Google-backed 23andMe , which will scan and analyze genetic information for about $ 400 . The costs and services these firms offer vary widely , but they 're basically chasing the same market : the customer who is curious about what their genes can tell them about themselves . Welcome to the world of personal genomics . A spate of firms -- from 23andMe and fellow Silicon Valley start-up Navigenics to Cambridge , Mass.-based Knome and Iceland 's DeCode Genetics -- are vying to tap the growing interest in DNA analysis among individuals . They 're upbeat about the promise of this business , saying that consumers ' ability to gauge how their genes influence risk for diseases like diabetes and cancer could revolutionize health care . "  The ability to treat disease is driven by the ability to assess risk . As knowledge builds up , it will increasingly become an unacceptable position not to have your genetic profile , " says Kari Stefansson , chief executive of DeCode , one of the first firms to offer scans that allow individuals to examine their genomes . But analysts and researchers are a bit more cautious . While there 's plenty of potential for retail genomics , they say the budding market is still in its early stages . Have you bought a retail DNA test ? Share your story on iReport Companies that offer personal DNA analysis have attracted the interest of individuals who are highly concerned with their health , as well as so-called early adopters who are enamored with new technologies . But the outlook for business opportunities is still hazy , mostly because there is n't a full understanding of the benefit of these tests in terms of identifying how and why diseases occur in people , according to Jonathan Witonsky , a health care analyst at consulting firm Frost & Sullivan . . Just how much health-relevant information consumers can glean remains hotly debated in the research community . Studies suggest that common maladies like heart disease and diabetes may result from the variations of several genes , rather than the single variants that many retail gene tests scan for . David Goldstein , head of the Center for Human Genome Variation at Duke University , believes that given the current knowledge of how genes influence disease , there is only a "  recreational " use for retail tests . Like many other researchers , he believes the odds identified by these tests can be so marginal that they have a weak effect on health when compared to lifestyle or environmental factors . If someone wants to lower their risk for diabetes , for instance , they 're better off exercising more and changing their diet than getting a retail gene test , Goldstein told CNN . Consumer genomics firms agree there is still much to be discovered , but they say providing consumers with the knowledge that is available to them is better than none at all . "  It is an evolving science . To ignore the genetic markers that we currently understand would be complacency , " says Vance Vanier , chief medical officer at Navigenics , which is backed by venture capital heavyweights Kleiner Perkins and Sequoia Capital . Linda Avey , co-founder of 23andMe , says arming people with information may help them turn their attention to prevention . "  We think making this data available to people will help people focus their behavior and lifestyle . " Companies are adjusting their services as new research becomes available , says Daniel MacArthur , a UK-based genetics researcher who follows the consumer genomics market on his blog , Genetic Future . "  Right now , the genome scans offered by companies like 23andMe focus on common genetic variants , and do n't pick up most rare variants like Huntington 's disease mutations , " he said . However , several companies are now beginning to add these rare , severe disease mutations into their tests , MacArthur said . The market may also get a boost as costs for complete genome sequencing continue to drop . Privately funded Knome currently charges $ 99,500 to map a complete genome . But many scientists foresee complete sequencing eventually falling to just $ 1,000 . As it becomes more cost effective to conduct larger research studies , they anticipate discovering more medically relevant information . Being able to identify ahead of time whether you 're at risk of disease is something that can be beneficial going forward , " says Bill Buhr , an analyst at investment research firm Morningstar . He expects sales of services for testing genetic make-up to hit $ 1 billion in three years . "  As the technology gets better , this potentially could be something more people get into , " he said . Although Buhr , who covers DeCode , one of the few firms in the space that 's publicly listed , said the outlook for the Icelandic firm was bleak . DeCode has been hit by the credit crisis , fueling chatter it 's headed for bankruptcy . However Stefansson dismissed that speculation and told CNN the company expects to complete its restructuring by the end of May . It 's too early to say whether consumer genomics is going mainstream , 23andMe 's Avey says . But there 's no denying there 's tremendous interest among consumers . "  It goes -LSB- back -RSB- to human nature . We 're very curious about ourselves . "	Handful of firms from 23andMe to DeCode offer DNA tests to individuals But how much health-relevant information can be gleaned is hotly debated Consumer genomics market in early stages , but has potential , analysts say
CNN  -- Good news , ladies  and gentlemen  : Country star Jason Aldean is extending his sold-out Burn It Down Tour into 2015 . The second leg of the tour will kick off in Greenville , South Carolina , on February 12 , and Aldean will travel through Louisiana , Mississippi and Tennessee before heading to an additional 16 states across the country . The singer has chosen Tyler Farr and Cole Swindell as his opening acts . Farr is probably best known for his hit single , "  Redneck Crazy , " though "  Whisky in My Water " and "  A Guy Walks Into a Bar " have also done well on the charts . Swindell 's "  Chillin ' It , " released on his debut album in February , made him a recognizable name , and the singer has opened for Luke Bryan on several occasions . Swindell , like Aldean , is from the state of Georgia . "  When you 're out on the road for as long as we are and playing as many dates as we are , you want to be out there with guys that you enjoy hanging out with , " Aldean told Rolling Stone . "  I get to go traveling and hang out with my boys for a year . " Aldean 's "  Old Boots , New Dirt " album hit No. 1 on the Billboard 200 chart and broke the record for most first-day and first-week streams by a country album on Spotify , according to the magazine . For the full list of Burn It Down Tour dates , visit JasonAldean.com .	Jason Aldean announces 2015 dates for Burn It Down Tour Tour will hit 23 cities , starting in Greenville , South Carolina , on February 12 Tyler Farr and Cole Swindell will open for Aldean
Editor 's note : Gloria Borger is a senior political analyst for CNN , appearing regularly on CNN 's "  The Situation Room , " "  Campbell Brown : No Bias , No Bull , " "  AC360 ° " and "  State of the Union With John King " as well as special event coverage . Critics of Sonia Sotomayor point to her 2001 remarks that a Latina woman might judge better than a white male . WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Even before President Obama chose Sonia Sotomayor for the Supreme Court , he let it be known that he was looking for a justice with , among other things , something called "  empathy . " By that , he said , he meant someone who understands "  ordinary Americans so that everybody is heard . " And that quality , we can infer , comes largely from life experience and background . Ipso facto , Sotomayor 's up-by-the-bootstraps life story could well make her a more empathetic justice . It 's a notion that clearly horrifies conservatives . "  It opens a grand debate of the president 's own making , " Manuel Miranda , chairman of the Third Branch Conference , told me . For conservative purists , empathy is all about feelings , which have no place in the law . It 's also about experiences -- even ethnicity -- which should also have no place in the law . As a defiant Justice Antonin Scalia said in 2007 , "  Just as there is no ` Catholic ' way to cook a hamburger , I am hard-pressed to tell you of a single opinion of mine that would have come out differently if I were not Catholic . " And I 'm sure he 's telling the truth . But there 's more to it than that . "  If empathy means you understand what other people are thinking , " says one senior White House adviser , " ... you would think you would want a judge with empathy . " That 's also true . So here are the questions : Can a justice have empathy and still rule dispassionately on the law ? Or does empathy so control -- and even corrode -- our nature that it affects every intellectual argument ? Or , conversely , would judicial decisions actually benefit from a dose of empathy ? The wrap against Sotomayor on the empathy front is that she 's over-the-top . The alleged proof is a statement she made at a symposium in 2001 arguing that a "  wise Latina woman with the richness of her experiences would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who has lived that life . " It was silly , to be sure , and more than a tad self-serving . And when she was asked about it by the White House team , according to a senior adviser , she explained her answer by saying that "  her life experiences " affect "  how she sees facts that come before her as a judge . " Not to mention the fact that she also pointed out that the landmark civil rights decision Brown v. Board of Education was made by an all-white , all-male court . No one can pretend that using the word "  better " to describe the Latina woman 's legal conclusions was a good idea ; it was n't . But how can anyone argue with the notion that who we are affects -- in one way or another -- how we view things ? And on a collegial , multi-member court , is n't that diversity of experience a good thing ? Just ask conservative Justice Samuel Alito . When testifying at his own confirmation hearings , he was all about empathy . "  When a case comes before me involving , let 's say , someone who is an immigrant ... I ca n't help but think of my own ancestors , because it was n't that long ago when they were in that position . " Conservatives found no objection when Alito described his own brand of empathy . And ask the more liberal Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg , who recently told USA Today of her concerns about the male-ness of the court during a recent case involving a 13-year-old girl who had been strip-searched in an Arizona school when officials were looking for drugs . "  They have never been a 13-year-old girl , " she said . "  It 's a very sensitive age for a girl . I do n't think that my colleagues , some of them , quite understood . " And then there 's this : Can anyone point to a pattern in Sotomayor 's opinions that are based more on "  empathy " than the law ? Of course not . And that 's precisely the point : Unless Sotomayor 's opponents can succeed in using her judicial record to portray her as a passionate , wild-eyed judge who depends more on emotion more than legal precedent , they 're in for a tough time . If they think empathy is a dirty word , they 'll have to convince the American public . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gloria Borger .	Gloria Borger asks how critics can argue with notion that who we are affects our view Sotomayor said she 'd hope "  wise Latina woman " would judge better than white male Borger says it was bad idea to use "  better " to describe Latina woman 's conclusions Critics will have a hard time convincing the public that empathy is bad , Borger says
CNN  -- The memory unit that may tell why an Air France jet plunged into the Atlantic nearly two years ago was recovered from the bottom of the ocean Sunday , France 's Bureau of Investigation and Analysis  BEA  said . A remote-controlled submarine , known as the Remora 6000 , located the memory unit Sunday morning and it was lifted on board the search ship Ile de Sein six hours later , the Paris-based BEA said . All 228 people aboard the Air France Flight 447 were killed when the plane fell into the ocean on the way from Rio de Janeiro to Paris on June 1 , 2009 . The submarine found the orange-colored flight data recorder 's chassis Wednesday , the second day of an operation that also hopes to retrieve bodies from the wreckage site . The memory unit was part of the recorder , but was not attached when it was found . The flight recorder chassis is found last week The finds come more than three weeks after search teams found the tail section of the Airbus A330 . Air France , in a written statement Sunday , called the discovery "  very significant . " "  We hope that the BEA , in charge of the technical investigation , will be able to provide answers to questions that relatives of the victims , Air France and the entire airline industry have been asking for nearly two years as to why this tragic accident occurred , " the airline 's statement said . A British aviation consultant said he is skeptical about how useful the memory unit will be to investigators , considering it has been sitting between 2,000 to 4,000 meters  6,562 to 13,124 feet  below the ocean 's surface for 23 months . "  If you were to throw a computer into the ocean , imagine how all the parts would eventually split and you have the corrosive effects of seawater and the depths involved , " Phil Seymour , chief operating officer of the International Bureau of Aviation , said Thursday . Father of crash victim : Leave remains "  It may be that the more wreckage they find will help them to piece it all together , which bit by bit could help them build a picture of what caused the plane to come down , " Seymour said . Martine Del Bono , a spokeswoman for the Paris-based BEA , says there is a good chance the memory unit , which records any instructions sent to the aircraft 's electronic systems , will still hold retrievable data . The Airbus A330 's pilots lost contact with air traffic controllers while flying across an area of the Atlantic Ocean known for constant bands of severe turbulence , officials said . Q&A : Will mystery ever be solved ? But exactly what caused the plane to plunge into the sea has remained a mystery , with only small portions of the wreckage and a handful of bodies found in the remote area where it went down . CNN 's Ayesha Durgahee contributed to this report .	NEW : Air France calls the recovery "  very significant " British aviation expert skeptical data remains ; French expert hopeful All 228 people aboard the Air France Flight 447 from Rio de Janeiro to Paris were killed The Airbus A330 plunged into the Atlantic Ocean on June 1 , 2009
CNN  -- BMW Oracle won the America 's Cup as victory in Sunday 's second race off Valencia against Swiss holders Alinghi gave them an unassailable 2-0 lead in the best-of-three series . The syndicate , founded by software magnate Larry Ellison , is the first American team to win yachting 's most prestigious trophy since 1992 . Ellison was on board as they clinched victory by a margin of five minutes and 26 seconds , underlining their superiority against Alinghi , who made a series of uncharacteristic errors in both races off the Spanish coast . "  It 's an absolutely awesome feeling . I could n't be more proud , " said the 65-year-old billionaire , who fought a lengthy legal battle to earn the right to challenge the Swiss syndicate . The victory means the Golden Gate Yacht Club of San Francisco will now defend the America 's Cup in the 34th staging of an event which dates back to 1851 . Oracle have held the technological edge in both races , with a radical 223ft  68 meters  wingspan on their catamaran . Alinghi , who won the trophy with a 5-2 win over Team New Zealand in Valencia in 2007 , dropped a possible protest after the second race as the result was confirmed . Light winds meant the start of Sunday 's race was delayed for six hours , but when racing got underway Alinghi were again at a disadvantage having been penalized before the start , as in Friday 's defeat . But with Ernesto Bertarelli at the helm , Alinghi held an early lead of over 600 meters before Oracle established a winning advantage of their own , touching speeds of 30 knots on the 39-nautical mile course .	BMW Oracle take a winning 2-0 lead in the best-of-three America 's Cup series The American challengers beat Swiss holders Alinghi by over five minutes on Sunday Software magnate Larry Ellison founded BMW Oracle over 10 years ago Golden Gate Yacht Club of San Francisco now official defender of America 's Cup
Reader 's Digest  -- Spare the rod , period . That 's what parents across the globe told us when we asked how they discipline their children . Respondents in all 16 countries in this month 's global survey picked a good talking to as the best tactic for teaching a lesson , by a wide margin . Taking away a privilege placed second . Two other traditional forms of discipline - sending kids to their rooms and spanking - were the least favored choices in all but two countries . Among respondents who did favor physical punishment , men outnumbered women in every country except Canada , France , and India . Not a single woman in the United States expressed a preference for spanking . See the full set of results here .	Taking away a privilege away from children was voted in placed second Not a single woman in the United States expressed a preference for spanking
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- The women are too afraid and ashamed to show their faces or have their real names used . They have been driven to sell their bodies to put food on the table for their children -- for as little as $ 8 a day . Suha , 37 , is a mother of three . She says her husband thinks she is cleaning houses when she leaves home . "  People should n't criticize women , or talk badly about them , " says 37-year-old Suha as she adjusts the light colored scarf she wears these days to avoid extremists who insist women cover themselves . "  They all say we have lost our way , but they never ask why we had to take this path . " A mother of three , she wears light makeup , a gold pendant of Iraq around her neck , and an unexpected air of elegance about her . "  I do n't have money to take my kid to the doctor . I have to do anything that I can to preserve my child , because I am a mother , " she says , explaining why she prostitutes herself . Anger and frustration rise in her voice as she speaks . "  No matter what else I may be , no matter how off the path I may be , I am a mother ! " Watch a woman describe turning to prostitution to "  save my child " " Her clasped hands clench and unclench nervously . Suha 's husband thinks that she is cleaning houses when she goes away . So does Karima 's family . "  At the start I was cleaning homes , but I was n't making much . No matter how hard I worked it just was n't enough , " she says . Karima , clad in all black , adds , "  My husband died of lung cancer nine months ago and left me with nothing . " She has five children , ages 8 to 17 . Her eldest son could work , but she 's too afraid for his life to let him go into the streets , preferring to sacrifice herself than risk her child . She was solicited the first time when she was cleaning an office . "  They took advantage of me , " she says softly . "  At first I rejected it , but then I realized I have to do it . " Both Suha and Karima have clients that call them a couple times a week . Other women resort to trips to the market to find potential clients . Or they flag down vehicles . Prostitution is a choice more and more Iraqi women are making just to survive . "  It 's increasing , " Suha says . "  I found this ` thing ' through my friend , and I have another friend in the same predicament as mine . Because of the circumstance , she is forced to do such things . " Violence , increased cost of living , and lack of any sort of government aid leave women like these with few other options , according to humanitarian workers . "  At this point there is a population of women who have to sell their bodies in order to keep their children alive , " says Yanar Mohammed , head and founder of the Organization for Women 's Freedom in Iraq . "  It 's a taboo that no one is speaking about . " She adds , "  There is a huge population of women who were the victims of war who had to sell their bodies , their souls and they lost it all . It crushes us to see them , but we have to work on it and that 's why we started our team of women activists . " Her team pounds the streets of Baghdad looking for these victims often too humiliated to come forward . "  Most of the women that we find at hospitals -LSB- who -RSB- have tried to commit suicide " have been involved in prostitution , said Basma Rahim , a member of Mohammed 's team . The team 's aim is to compile information on specific cases and present it to Iraq 's political parties -- to have them , as Mohammed puts it , "  come tell us what -LSB- they -RSB- are ... going to do about this . " Rahim tells the heartbreaking story of one woman they found who lives in a room with three of her children : "  She has sex while her three children are in the room , but she makes them stand in separate corners . " According to Rahim and Mohammed , most of the women they encounter say they are driven to prostitution by a desperate desire for survival in the dangerously violent and unforgiving circumstances in Iraq . "  They took this path but they are not pleased , " Rahim says . Karima says when she sees her children with food on the table , she is able to convince herself that it 's worth it . "  Everything is for the children . They are the beauty in life and , without them , we can not live . " But she says , "  I would never allow my daughter to do this . I would rather marry her off at 13 than have her go through this . " Karima 's last happy memory is of her late husband , when they were a family and able to shoulder the hardships of life in today 's Iraq together . Suha says as a young girl she dreamed of being a doctor , with her mom boasting about her potential in that career . Life could n't have taken her further from that dream . "  It 's not like we were born into this , nor was it ever in my blood , " she says . What she does for her family to survive now eats away at her . "  I lay on my pillow and my brain is spinning , and it all comes back to me as if I am watching a movie . " E-mail to a friend	Aid workers : Violence , increased cost of living drive women to prostitution Group is working to raise awareness of the problem with Iraq 's political leaders Two Iraqi mothers tell CNN they turned to prostitution to help feed their children "  Everything is for the children , " one woman says
CNN  -- Gary Coleman 's parents grieve "  more and more " every day since their son died four weeks ago , but they said they hold no anger toward the actor 's ex-wife over how she handled his death . Shannon Price , 24 , ordered doctors to end Coleman 's life support just a day after he fell into a coma , despite his living will 's direction that he be kept alive at least 15 days . Sue and Willie Coleman appeared on HLN 's "  The Joy Behar Show " on Tuesday to talk about their son 's life and the controversy surrounding his sudden death . "  We 're not holding any animosity towards her because , like my wife said , she was young and inexperienced , " Willie Coleman told Behar . Price , whom they never met , did not call Coleman 's parents after he suffered a brain hemorrhage from a fall in his home May 26 or before he was removed from life support two days later , the Colemans said . His parents said they felt like they were robbed of a chance to say a last goodbye to their son . "  I hurt more and more every day , " Willie Coleman said . "  More and more . " The Colemans spoke sadly about their estrangement from their son , who they adopted when he was four days old . The estrangement began when he became a legal adult . "  When Gary turned 18 years old , you know how you do a horse ? " Willie said . "  We were put out to pasture . " Willie Coleman said his son told him then that "  I just feel that you were holding me in prison . " "  He wanted to be his own man , do things his own way , so we tried to encourage him the best we could , we tried to guide him as much as we could , but it was his life , " Sue Coleman said . The Colemans , who had helped guide the child actor 's career to that point , left California and returned to the middle-class lives they had left behind in Chicago a decade earlier . "  Gary took on a whole new branch of individuals that wanted to manage his career and also manage his money , " his father said . Although Gary Coleman sued his parents for mismanaging his money , resulting in a $ 1 million judgment for him in 1993 , there was always love between them , they said . Willie Coleman said he has a handful of letters from his son that offer him comfort . "  Every once and a while , I pull those letters out and read , " he said . "  In each of those letters is ended with ` Hey , guys . I love you guys and I know you love me too . ' " His father wants Coleman to be remembered by fans as "  the sweet little gentle boy that we raised . " The parents are staying out of the bitter legal fight that is brewing over Coleman 's estate . A Provo , Utah , lawyer was named temporary special administrator to control the estate while a Utah judge decides a will dispute between ex-wife Shannon Price and former business associate Anna Gray .	No one called parents before ending actor 's life support , they say Dad : No anger toward Coleman 's ex-wife Old letters give comfort to parents
Tacoma , Washington  CNN  -- Teachers in Tacoma , Washington , have voted to continue their strike , in defiance of a a court order to stop . Rich Wood , the spokesman for the Tacoma teachers union , said teachers voted Thursday to continue their strike despite a judge 's Wednesday order . At a union meeting Thursday afternoon , 1,478 teachers voted to keep striking , Wood said , adding that 107 voted "  no " or abstained . He said teachers were concerned about how Judge Bryan Chushcoff would react to their defying his order . The Tacoma School District did not return a call seeking comment , but a message posted on the district 's website said school for 28,000 students would be suspended again Friday , as it has been for the rest of the week . Chushcoff 's order on Wednesday was in a case the district brought against the striking teachers and their union . After the ruling , District Superintendent Art Jarvis said he expected teachers to return to work while the union and school district continued stalled contract negotiations . At the time of the ruling , a hearing was scheduled for Friday to ensure the union complied with the judge 's order . Chushcoff also ordered hearings on the legality of the strike and stalled negotiations . Attorneys for the school district argued that since teachers are state employees they do not have the right to strike . "  The illegal strike has forced the district to close 57 schools , disrupting the lives of approximately 30,000 students and their families , " school district attorney Shannon McMinimee wrote in the lawsuit . McMinimee argued that if the strike continued indefinitely the protest would harm students , particularly children with disabilities , low-income pupils who rely on meals provided at schools and seniors applying to college next year . "  Students in Tacoma , under the Constitution , are entitled to an education , " she said . Some 1,900 teachers went on strike this week after talks broke down over a new contract for educators . The teachers union argued the school district was unyielding on the issues of class size , teacher pay and how teachers are transferred between schools . Tyler Firkins , the attorney for the teachers union , said the school district was not negotiating in good faith and that if the strike continued , students could make up the missed time later . "  What they are saying is that the school year is immovable , ca n't be changed under any circumstances . That is not correct , " Firkins said . "  Whether my child misses a week or two , it 's not going to affect her education , " Firkins said of his daughter , who he said attends classes at a Tacoma public school . "  This is about teaching our kids to stand up to bullies , " said Andy Coons , president of the teachers union . "  I 'm disappointed that we 're not bargaining , that we 're spending the day in court . " The state judge said the school district 's arguments that students were being harmed by the strike were enough reason to halt the protests , at least until more hearings and negotiations could be held . Calling himself "  a product of the Tacoma school district , " Chushcoff said if anyone did n't like his ruling , they could blame it on his education . During Wednesday 's court session , Chushcoff held up photographs of a sign he said had been placed at his home . The printed sign said "  Support Tacoma teachers . " "  It 's not appropriate to try and influence or intimidate me , " he said .	NEW : Tacoma teachers vote to continue strike NEW : School district forced to close schools for a week A judge ruled Wednesday afternoon that teachers must halt their strike Since Monday , some 28,000 kids have been forced to stay home from school
BOGOTA , Colombia  CNN  -- Colombian President Alvaro Uribe announced Wednesday he is releasing all information on his and his family 's income to show he did not invest in or make money from pyramid schemes that have defrauded millions . Colombian President Alvaro Uribe says he 's releasing the information to help the government 's fight against fraud . Uribe said he is releasing the information because some of the people running the frauds have told potential investors that he and his sons also have invested or are otherwise involved . There also were allegations made in a congressional debate this week that Uribe 's sons had been involved with one of the main companies accused of fraud . "  There 's been slander against the good name of my family that I feel I must defend , " a somber and angry-looking Uribe said in a short nationally televised speech . Officials have said the pyramid schemes took in at least $ 200 million from 3 million people this year . In the past five years , authorities said they believe the businesses took in $ 1 billion . Uribe said he is releasing the income information , dating to his youth , to help the government 's continuing fight against fraud . "  I do it in respect to the Colombian people , for transparency and to strengthen the moral authority in order to keep battling all the expressions of the crime , " he said . The president also defended his two sons , Tomas and Jeronimo . "  They are not involved in corruption , " Uribe said . "  My sons are not corrupt . My sons are not influence peddlers before the state . My sons do not rely on their father . My sons are not sons of daddy . My sons are not layabouts . My sons are not lazy men with salaries . My sons have chosen to be men of work , honest and serious . " Officials last week arrested the head of a Colombian company accused of defrauding millions of investors . David Murcia Guzman , president of a company called DMG , was arrested in Panama and immediately deported to Colombia . Also last week , the Colombian government declared a state of emergency , allowing officials to take over businesses that have used pyramid schemes to steal millions from 3 million investors . The government immediately took over 60 DMG branches and shut the company 's doors . Officials said they hope to liquidate some of the company 's assets to repay defrauded investors . The emergency decree also stiffened jail time and fines for anyone found guilty of fraud . The government said the businesses defrauded the public by purporting to offer a sure investment . Speaking about the emergency measures last week , Interior Minister Fabio Valencia decried "  the Mafia-like mentality " of those "  who want to obtain easy money . "	Pyramid schemes took in at least $ 200 million from 3 million this year , officials say Colombia 's leader says people falsely said he and his sons invested in schemes President Alvaro Uribe : "  There 's been slander against the good name of my family " Firms defrauded public by purporting to offer a sure investment , government says
CNN  -- On the same day peace delegates met at the United Nations in Switzerland on Monday to talk again about how they want calm to come to Syria , European Union nations agreed Monday to end an arms embargo against Syrian rebels , Britain 's Foreign Secretary William Hague said . "  It was a difficult decision for some countries , but it was necessary and right to reinforce international efforts to reach a diplomatic solution to the conflict in Syria , " he said in a written statement . The violence continued in the war-torn nation as bloody children were rushed into a dirty makeshift clinic in the Syrian city of Qusayr . Qusayr , near the border with Lebanon , is a strategic area where food , medicine and other supplies are hustled along routes used by government fighters and those trying to oust the government . CNN talked via Skype on Monday with a citizen journalist who described a desperate and horrid situation . The main hospital in Qusayr has been obliterated by fighting , the source said , not wishing to be named out of concern for security . The wounded are being crammed into homes . And , as one YouTube video shows , they apparently being treated at a makeshift clinic . CNN can not verify the authenticity of the video . It 's hard to watch . A boy wearing a purple shirt comes in screaming , his head bloody . The camera closes in on a baby . The child wails as people holding a steel instrument trying to dislodge something from the child 's ear . The walls are smeared with blood . Catherine Ashton , EU High representative , announced the end of the embargo , reading a declaration from the organization 's Foreign Affairs Council . Part of it states : "  With regard to the possible export of arms to Syria , the Council took note of the commitment by Member States to proceed in their national policies as follows : The sale , supply , transfer or export of military equipment or of equipment which might be used for internal repression will be for the Syrian National Coalition for Opposition and Revolutionary Forces and intended for the protection of civilians . " In Geneva , the United Nations ' human rights commissioner spoke as she has several times before during the two-year war in Syria . Navi Pillay , in opening remarks at the first session of the U.N. Human Rights Council 's three-week conference , said the situation has deteriorated to an "  intolerable affront to the human conscience , " and the International Criminal Court must mete out justice to those who 've violated the rights of Syrians . "  I feel utter dismay , " she said . Read Navi Pillay 's full remarks to the rights council Pillay reminded listeners that the war in Syria began in March 2011 as a peaceful demonstration against President Bashar al-Assad and has devolved into a complicated bloodbath of sect battles and terrorist fighters . "  Whenever their governments can not or will not protect them , frightened human beings are dependent on the international community for protection and assistance , " she said . "  We can not -- we must not -- continue to ignore their plea . " Amid the backdrop of the Geneva conference came word that Sen. John McCain was inside Syria on Monday and met with rebels , making him the highest ranking U.S. official to visit during the war . The senator 's communications director , Brian Rogers , confirmed the trip . Mouaz Moustafa , the executive director for the Washington-based Syrian Emergency Task Force , said McCain met with 18 commanders of the Free Syrian Army about 1 kilometer from the border with Turkey in northern Syria . "  Their main message was that we are desperate for ammunition , we are desperate for weapons , " Moustafa said . "  They are confident that if the weapons are given to the supreme military council , that it will not fall in the wrong hands . " McCain met with the commanders , which included the top leader of the rebel force , for about an hour . It 's often difficult to discern exactly what is happening Syria because al-Assad has made it difficult if not deadly for foreign journalists to enter the nation . A state TV reporter , Yara Abbas , was killed in Qusayr on Monday , according to Syria state television . She died after "  terrorists targeted " a state TV crew near al-Dabaa airport north of the strategic city near Lebanon , where rebels and government forces run supply routes . In Geneva , Pillay talked about Qusayr . "  I am extremely concerned at current reports suggesting that hundreds of civilians have been killed or injured , and thousands may remain trapped , by indiscriminate shelling and aerial attacks by government forces in Al Qusayr , " Pillay said . Safe passage must be given to any civilians wishing to leave . " Outside reports indicate rebels continue to fight for the cause that began the unrest : ousting al-Assad and allowing Syrians greater freedom , something akin to the goals of the wider Arab Spring movement . Those who want al-Assad gone claim that the president has ordered his forces to slay families and indiscriminately shell neighborhoods across the country , which is about the size of Washington state . Al-Assad says his forces are trying to save the country from "  terrorists . " "  These war crimes and crimes against humanity can not be allowed to go unpunished , " Pillay told delegates from around the world . "  We must make it clear to both  the Assad government  and the armed opposition groups that there will be consequences for those responsible . And the world must take action to end this terrible conflict . " Pillay 's remarks came as U.S. Secretary John Kerry met in Paris with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov . The two diplomats spoke briefly to reporters Monday before heading off to a private dinner with the French foreign minister . Kerry expressed concern about any possible use of chemical weapons and the need to determine what is happening on the ground , while Lavrov stressed the situation in Syria is n't getting any better and that he wants to do everything in his power to stop the bloodshed . For months during the Syrian war , Russia appeared to be supporting al-Assad . But that tide may be turning , at least gaining some wiggle room for the Russians to help broker an end to the violence . CNN 's Security Clearance : Russia blasts Obama 's recognition of rebels U.S. officials want to start talks between the government and groups that want al-Assad gone . But not everyone involved in Syria wants to engage . The Syrian National Council , based in Istanbul , is part of the main opposition umbrella group and is considered to be composed of hardliners who 've said they 'll never talk or negotiate with anyone representing the Assad regime . The group was having meetings over the weekend in Istanbul to consider attending the Geneva conference . Syrian National Coalition spokesman Louay Safi said the group wants to hear "  more clarity about the purpose and the intentions of the Syrian regime . "  So far , " he said , "  the signals have been not positive . " At the start of May , the U.N. 's point man on Syria , Lakhdar Brahimi , called Lavrov and Kerry 's cooperation to forge a solution to the Syrian conflict "  the first hopeful news concerning that unhappy country in a very long time . " Lavrov told Foreign Policy recently that the United States and Russia have a lot in common . Asked about his "  famously contentious relationship " with Bush administration Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , Lavrov laughed . "  Well , I do n't engage in comparing my partners , " he said . "  John Kerry is a professional . He is pragmatic . And this is a very important quality for a diplomat and especially for a secretary of state . "  He has very good knowledge of things around the world . He has keen interest in moving some of the old problems out of the deadlock . " Lavrov also was asked about Kerry 's criticism that Russia is still selling weapons to Syria . "  Well , you know on the arms sales , we never , we never tried to hide that we are implementing the contracts which have been signed quite some time ago , long before all this started , " he answered , saying his country has provided Syria with defensive weapons . "  We have been consistent , " he told Foreign Policy . "  We have been saying that for us priority No. 1 is to stop the bloodshed and to save lives , and therefore cessation of hostilities and dialogue without any preconditions is the best way to achieve this desired goal . " While diplomats talked , on Monday at least 35 people were killed in Syria , including two women and two children , according to the opposition group Local Coordination Committees in Syria . Violence surges in strategic Syrian city Heart-eating video raises pressure to end Syrian war 5 reasons Syria 's war suddenly looks more dangerous	NEW : EU council calls for end to arms embargo on group of Syrian rebels NEW : Sen. John McCain meets with rebel leaders in northern Syria U.N. Human Rights Commissioner Navi Pillay addresses a conference in Geneva Video shows Syrian children bleeding in a filthy makeshift clinic
CNN  -- Results for Republican candidates in the most high-profile 2013 races this year -- a resounding re-election win by Gov. Chris Christie in New Jersey and losses for Virginia governor and New York mayor -- stand as a reminder to party leaders that the civil war in their ranks remains a toxic turnoff to voters . A pattern has emerged : GOP candidates who wade into the hottest ideological fights -- such as the government shutdown or the attempt to defund Obamacare -- enjoy a burst of publicity and cheers from right-wing think tanks , conservative donors and media celebrities . But the same rowdy , combative style that delights audiences at tea party rallies tarnishes the party label among independent voters . That makes life politically difficult for middle-of-the-road Republicans . The pattern was on display in the recent races for governor . In Virginia , the GOP candidate , Ken Cuccinelli , narrowly lost a winnable race in no small part due to his longstanding affiliation with the tea party and with attempts to crack down on immigration and drastically limit the availability of abortions . In a showdown against Terry McAuliffe -- a former Democratic National Committee chairman with close ties to corporate leaders and ex-President Bill Clinton -- Cuccinelli tried to mute or distance himself from past stances on divisive social issues , but the damage was done . Women , blacks , Latinos , young voters and government workers -- the same coalition that twice delivered Virginia to Barack Obama -- were highly motivated to block Cuccinelli , who closed out the campaign accompanied by tea party heroes such as radio show host Mark Levin and Sen. Rand Paul . McAuliffe , by contrast , toured with Clinton and used his corporate ties to raise $ 14 million more than Cuccinelli . Exit polls showed Cuccinelli lost women , blacks and voters under 44 . And finally , when totals rolled in from Fairfax County -- home to thousands of federal workers who were n't thrilled by the Republican-led government shutdown -- McAuliffe pulled ahead and won . On the same day , Republican Christie showed how a different path could lead to victory . Eschewing hard-line stances on the government shutdown or immigration reform , he reached out to New Jersey 's independents , who outnumber Republicans or Democrats in the Garden State . Christie , who automatically becomes a Republican presidential contender , romped to a victory of historic proportions with a majority of women voters , half the state 's Latino voters and 21 % of black voters -- groups that are usually reliable parts of the Democratic base . In the hours before his victory , Christie explained to CNN 's Jake Tapper why his efforts should be a model for Republicans . "  I think the party cares more about winning the argument than winning the election , and if you do n't win elections , you ca n't govern , " he said in words that should be plastered on the door of every state Republican headquarters . The battle between Republican factions is deep-seated : Sociologist Robert Putnam tellingly described it as a fight between country-club and Sunday school Republicans . The country clubbers , according to Putnam , are mainstream party members concerned about business development and low taxes , while the Sunday schoolers care passionately about social issues such as abortion . The glue that long held the coalition together -- common opposition to abortion and homosexuality -- has weakened in recent years . A number of Republicans -- looking at polling and voter data -- have become supporters of same-sex marriage and abortion rights . Thoughtful young conservatives such as Ryan Sager and Margaret Hoover have been pointing out for years that the party 's future requires moderating its thinking on same-sex marriage and abortion to keep the party relevant to young , live-and-let-live libertarian Republicans . Now a more aggressive response is coming from a Republican group , Main Street Advocacy , that is running ads attacking ultra-conservatives who keep losing elections -- and backing moderate Republicans against them . "  We want our party back , " says the group 's founder , former U.S. Rep. Steven LaTourette of Ohio , who left the House after complaining about the polarizing elements in the GOP . It remains unclear who will win the Republican civil war ; not everyone has drawn the same conclusions from this week 's elections . Brent Bozell , for example , a nationally respected conservative who runs ForAmerica , an activist group , says the problem in Virginia is that the candidate and party were n't conservative enough . "  The moderate branch of the Republican Party turned its back on Cuccinelli , and that hurt him big time , " he told the Atlantic . "  Politics is solidifying and mobilizing your base -- and the hell with the middle . " That attitude among many national Republicans -- the hell with the middle -- helped doom the chances of New York mayoral candidate Joe Lhota . As the former deputy mayor under Rudy Giuliani , Lhota tried to run a candidacy similar to Guiliani 's -- moderate or liberal on social issues while tough on crime and fiscally conservative . Lhota , in fact , opposed the government shutdown and is pro-same-sex marriage and pro-abortion rights . But voters never heard that message : At every turn , Lhota 's Democratic rival , Bill de Blasio , simply associated him with tea party Republicans . In one of their final debates , Lhota turned to de Blasio in exasperation . "  Where I do n't agree with the national Republican Party is long and hard , " he said . "  Do not lump me with the national Republicans . It 's unbecoming . " The Republican civil war , decades in the making , will come to a head in the next 36 months , as we begin the run-up to the next presidential election . Expect Christie and other moderate candidates to point to Virginia , New York and other losses as missed opportunities -- the price for choosing to win arguments instead of elections . And expect the tea party to respond that pursuing politics without principles is no way to lead a country . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Errol Louis .	Errol Louis : GOP results -- win in New Jersey , losses in Virginia and New York -- reflect pattern He says red-meat candidates draw big far-right cheers but turn off independent voters He says Chris Christie correctly said that GOP wants to win argument but then loses race Louis : GOP 's "  to hell with the middle " ideologues may have principles but will lose elections
CNN  -- NASA engineers fixed a glitch that threatened to derail a space probe on its way to the moon , the space agency said . The Lunar Atmosphere and Dust Environment Explorer suffered a "  reaction wheel issue " soon after it was launched on top of a 90-foot rocket from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport , at NASA 's Wallops Flight Facility , Virginia , on Friday , NASA said . "  The reaction wheel issue noted soon after launch was resolved a few hours later , " said S. Pete Worden , director of NASA 's Ames Research Center . "  The LADEE spacecraft is healthy and communicating with mission operators . " LADEE is designed to "  orbit the moon to gather detailed information about the lunar atmosphere , conditions near the surface and environmental influences on lunar dust , " NASA said . "  A thorough understanding of these characteristics will address long-standing unknowns , and help scientists understand other planetary bodies as well , " NASA said . The probe is expected to reach the moon on October 6 . After orbiting for six months , it will plunge to the lunar surface to end its mission . Earth 's distance from the moon averages about 239,000 miles and varies depending on the moon 's position , the space agency says .	LADEE suffered a "  reaction wheel issue " soon after it was launched Friday The Lunar Atmosphere and Dust Environment Explorer is "  healthy " and issue resolved , NASA says The probe is set to orbit the moon starting October 6 It will study the lunar atmosphere and environmental influences on lunar dust
Oprah.com  -- A decade ago Alissa Everett was holed up in her cubicle at an investment bank in San Francisco , flipping through acceptance packages from two top MBA programs . Numb from 100-hour workweeks , she 'd applied to business school "  because that 's what everyone else was doing , " she recalls . But as she read about statistics , accounting , and operations courses , "  I had an aha moment , " she says . Oprah.com : 10 pieces of advice to get you through a terrible day It suddenly seemed ridiculous to take on crushing debt to study subjects she was n't passionate about . Within weeks , Everett had tossed her acceptance letters in the trash , quit her job , and flown to Southeast Asia to do some soul-searching . Oprah.com : The one thing everybody in the world wants Backpacking for months through Thailand , Indonesia , Malaysia , and Burma -- and later the Balkans , Syria , Lebanon , Israel , Palestine , and Egypt -- she snapped thousands of photos . "  As a kid , I wanted to be a National Geographic photographer , " she says . "  When I left my all-consuming job and cleared my head , I realized taking pictures was still what I wanted to do . " Oprah.com : How to say no at work -- and still keep your job By 2003 the invasion of Iraq was dominating the airwaves . Everett made a gut decision "  to go where the news was happening , " she says , hoping it would help her get her work published . She drove over the border from Jordan with a fellow journalist , and after she met an army media person , got embedded with the 101st Airborne . When U.S. forces killed Saddam Hussein 's sons in Mosul that July , Everett was in the right place at the right time . She showed her photos to an NBC producer , who ran them on Dateline . Oprah.com : 7 women who turned their passion for food into a career Since then Everett has worked in Pakistan , Darfur , the Congo , and the Gaza Strip . Eschewing the sensationalized scenes of explosions and gunfire favored by many news outlets , she tries to capture war 's more mundane human dramas : a farmer reaping a modest harvest in ravaged Darfur , a rape victim refugee starting a sewing business in the Congo . "  I 'm drawn to under-the-radar stories that have passion , hope , and optimism , " she says . Everett 's time in Sudan inspired her to cofound Care Through Action , which raises funds for women and children who are victims of human rights abuses ; her photos help fund the charity . "  I do n't go to places just because they 're risky , " she says . "  I go because I believe the world needs to know what 's going on . I want to tell stories for people who ca n't . " Oprah.com : A 4-step guide to discovering your true calling Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Alissa Everett was deciding on a MBA program when she decided to do some soul-searching A childhood dream of being a National Geographic photographer was still what she wanted to do Everett takes photos to tell stories for people who ca n't
CNN  -- Prosecutors in Maryland are weighing whether to bring additional charges against the two suspects who appear to be attacking a transgender woman at a McDonald 's in a videotape made by one of the restaurant 's employees , officials said Monday . The video , which went viral last week , shows two women kicking , punching and dragging another woman across the floor of the Baltimore restaurant . A store employee and a patron attempt to intervene , with limited success . Someone off-camera can be heard laughing , another yells "  Stop ! " several times during the attack and at one point , a voice can be heard telling the suspects , "  Y' all need to go before the police come . " The video ends with the victim shaking uncontrollably on the floor . Authorities said the alleged attack took place on April 18 at a McDonald 's in Rosedale , on the outskirts of Baltimore . Officers were dispatched to the restaurant for a fight and discovered a 22-year-old female who appeared to be having a seizure , according to the Baltimore County police department . Witnesses told officers that the victim , identified by authorities as Chrissy Lee Polis , had been attacked by two teenage suspects . One of the suspects was 14 and charged as a juvenile with second-degree assault , according to police . The other suspect was 18 and charged with one count of first-degree assault and two counts of second-degree assault , police said . The motive for the attack was not immediately clear , though one of the suspects is cited in a police report as saying the fight was "  over using the bathroom . " A Maryland rights group , which is planning a vigil in support of Polis Monday night , said the attack was likely motivated by Polis being a transgender woman . "  No person ever deserves to be a victim of violence regardless of their gender identity or presentation . We encourage the state 's Attorney General to investigate this as a hate crime based on gender identity , " said Equality Maryland Board President Chuck Butler . Baltimore County police spokesman Lt. Robert McCullough said the state attorney 's office is reviewing the case to see whether it merits additional charges . If the suspects are charged with a hate crime , they could face an extra 10 years in prison , in addition to whatever sentences they might get for the assault , plus an extra $ 10,000 fine , he said . Baltimore County State 's Attorney Scott Shellenberger said his office was aware of the case and will make a determination soon as to whether more charges will be filed -- against the suspects and perhaps against other people . He declined to comment on whether the case was being investigated as a possible hate crime . The victim 's mother , Renee Carr , told a producer for HLN 's "  Dr. Drew " that her daughter is devastated by the ordeal . Polis did not immediately respond to requests seeking comment . "  She 's humiliated . They thought it was hilarious . The reason they did this is because she 's an outcast , she does n't fit in , " said Carr . "  All my daughter wanted to do was use the bathroom . " McDonald 's released a statement condemning the attack . It said the employee responsible for the video is no longer with the company and that "  appropriate action regarding other employees will take place as warranted . " "  We want to reassure our customers that your neighborhood McDonald 's is a safe , welcoming place for everyone . We share our customers ' concern . We are doing everything possible to make sure the right thing is done , " McDonald 's said . CNN 's Dana Ford and HLN 's Sarah Carden contributed to this report .	A transgender woman was allegedly beaten outside a bathroom by two female suspects One 14-year-old suspect was charged as a juvenile The attack was caught on videotape by a McDonald 's employee The state attorney 's office is reviewing the case to see whether more charges are appropriate
A trumpeter played a Mariachi-style "  Star-Spangled Banner " as protesters sparred around him in an Arizona city that 's become the latest flashpoint in the national immigration debate . Oracle will soon house several dozen detained unaccompanied immigrant children from Central America . In the city about 100 miles north of the Mexico border , word of their impending arrival fueled passionate demonstrations Tuesday from supporters who welcomed them and critics pushing for their deportation . Video from CNN affiliate KPNX showed a man holding a neon poster with the famous phrase inside the pedestal of the Statue of Liberty written with a marker : "  Give me your tired , your poor , your huddled masses yearning to breathe free . " Another demonstrator held a sign that said , "  Send 'em to Coyote Obama , " describing the U.S. President with a popular term used for smugglers who help immigrants illegally cross the border . "  I 'm protesting the invasion of the United States by people of foreign countries . This is about the sovereignty of our nation , " Oracle resident Eldon Rhodes told CNN affiliate KVOA . "  You 're just lucky . You 're not better , " a pro-immigrant demonstrator shouted at protesters , according to KPNX . "  None of you are better than them . " Have you witnessed protests or taken part ? Share your images Demonstrators who supported the immigrants said they were worried that protests would create a negative national image for their town . "  We are concerned that Oracle not be viewed as monolithically anti-immigrant , anti-children . We think the angels of our better nature need to be reflected through efforts like this one , " Frank Pierson , a 35-year resident who 's also president of St. Helen Catholic Church parish council , told CNN affiliate KGUN . The face-off is taking place after a similar demonstration in Murrieta , California , led to vitriolic exchanges about how the U.S. immigration system is being overwhelmed by a tide of Central American migrants . The Murrieta protesters blocked three busloads of detained immigrants from entering the town for federal processing . The demonstrations in Oracle come as activists organize a nationwide movement protesting the immigration surge with at least 260 protests scheduled this weekend . "  We are being invaded ! " says a flyer distributed by 11 groups organized as National Day of Protesting Against Immigration Reform , Amnesty and Border Surge . "  Our Border Patrol is overwhelmed by the massive flow of illegal aliens crossing our border daily . " Local sheriff worries In Arizona , protesters were lining up on both sides of a road where the vehicles of detained juvenile migrants were expected to pass . Protesters positioned themselves to block the road and held "  No open borders " signs . Counterprotesters , however , held "  Bienvenidos Welcome " signs . Pinal County Sheriff Paul Babeu said he told protesters to stop blocking the road . But the sheriff has entered the fray by expressing concern about how the federal government has n't told his agency about the transfer of the detained youths to his county . He 's also drawn criticism for publicly revealing the location where the minors are being taken . "  I believe the public has a right to know , " Babeu told CNN 's AC360 Tuesday . "  I would rather err on that side , rather than to be secretive , as this whole operation was initially done . " Babeu has said he wants the federal government to provide more information about the migrants . Some of them , he said , may have gang affiliations . "  My question to Homeland Security was , ` Give us a sense of the profile of these individuals , ' " he said . The Pinal County Sheriff 's Office was recently "  informed by ` whistle blowers ' in the U.S. Department of Homeland Security they plan to transfer between 40 and 60 unaccompanied illegal minors to the ` Sycamore Canyon Boys Ranch ' in Oracle , " the office said in a statement on its Facebook page . "  If you 're going to send unaccompanied juveniles to another state in another jurisdiction , there 's legitimate concern that other members of this community have about public safety and public health , " the sheriff said . "  Give us the information . " The Sycamore Canyon Academy in Oracle aims to help young men who may be struggling at home or in school . But it 's not where the expected group of immigrant children should go , Sheriff Babeu said . "  These children should be returned to their home country -- not to Oracle , Arizona paid for by American taxpayers , " Babeu said in the statement . "  We understand there will be protesters who support and oppose ICE  Immigration and Customs Enforcement  bringing the foreign juveniles to Oracle . The Sheriff 's Office will work to ensure the peace is maintained at these lawful assemblies . " A mix of poverty , violence and smugglers ' false promises has led to an influx of Central Americans -- including minors -- illegally entering the United States . Tuesday 's protest came a day after the federal government deported its first group of the recent wave of undocumented Central American immigrants to Honduras . They were about 40 adults and children who had been recently held at a facility in Artesia , New Mexico . More deportations to Honduras , Guatemala and El Salvador are expected soon , the U.S. Department of Homeland Security said . Not alone The tensions in Oracle mirror the strife this month in Murrieta . On July 1 , a wall of angry protesters blocked three buses of undocumented immigrants from entering their community and forced them to turn around . Demonstrators in Murrieta quarreled with counterprotesters over the country 's immigration system . "  I just wish America would be America again because it 's not , and it 's not just pointed to the Hispanics , " protester Ellen Meeks said . "  Everybody needs to go through the legal ways . " But immigration rights advocate Enrique Morones likened the migration to a refugee crisis and suggested that racial antipathy was motivating protesters . "  If these children were from Canada , we would not be having this interview , " he told CNN . "  The parents have had enough . They are saying , ` If I do n't send my child north , they are going to die . ' " A national protest day This weekend , at least 11 groups are organizing what they describe as "  the largest coordinated protest against all forms of amnesty , comprehensive immigration reform , and the government 's failure to enforce immigration laws and secure our borders will begin , all across America . " At least 260 protests will include demonstrations at state capitols and Mexican consulates and on freeway overpasses . Groups in California , Texas and Florida scheduled the lion 's share of events . Among the sponsoring groups are the Americans for Legal Immigration PAC , which describes itself as a resource on illegal immigration ; and the Tea Party Community , which calls itself "  a conservative hub for sharing ideas . " Their flyer makes strong assertions : "  Illegal aliens with communicable diseases and conditions such as tuberculosis , scabies , and head lice are entering our country unabated . There is a very real security risk to Americans from drug cartels , gang members , and terrorists -- all of whom can cross our border with no resistance . Adding insult to injury , American taxpayers are being forced to pay for transportation , housing , schooling , legal assistance , and more for the illegals crossing our border . " The organizers did n't immediately respond to a CNN e-mail seeking further comment . Michigan protest On Monday , residents in Vassar , Michigan , protested against any undocumented juvenile immigrants coming to Tuscola County under a local social service agency 's proposal , according to CNN affiliate WJRT . At a special Vassar City Council meeting Monday , members of Michigan Immigration Control and Enforcement told elected leaders they do n't want the juveniles in their town , the station reported . Vassar Mayor Pro Tem Dan Surgent also opposed any local agency 's plans to house the youths and blamed Obama for the crisis , saying he is "  a President that you ca n't trust , you ca n't believe him , " the affiliate reported . "  We are not insensitive , we are not a bunch of white racists out here , like they like to portray us . We love children . Otherwise , if we did n't care of about kids , we would n't have let Pioneer Work and Learn 22 years ago , " Surgent said , according to WJRT . He was referring to the Pioneer Work and Learn Center , which is a youth program of Wolverine Human Services , the agency proposing to house the youngsters , the affiliate said . Federal officials could n't be immediately reached for comment . One welcoming place Not everyone is protesting the immigrants . More than 40 miles north of Murrieta , residents in Fontana , California , have been welcoming . Share your immigration stories Last Thursday , 46 immigrants carrying temporary visas arrived at St. Joseph Catholic Church aboard a Homeland Security bus . That church is providing temporary housing in a former convent beside the church . The migrant children were accompanied by their mothers , and the diocese said the families have been issued temporary visas . Many of the migrants are waiting to be reunited with their families in the Midwest and on the East Coast . Petra Alexander , director of Hispanic affairs at the San Bernardino Diocese , said it 's important to help the immigrants . "  We have hope and we have received a lot of support and have been criticized , but we are sure that God 's dream is that we all live like a family , " Alexander said . "  We are always going to come across people who are opposed . This is nothing new , and the church is supporting everyone , no matter the religion or your race . " Poll on President , Congress A new national poll indicates that a majority of Americans approve of Obama 's short-term remedy , but most give the President and his Republican critics in Congress a thumbs-down on how they 're handling the crisis along the country 's southern border . An ABC News/Washington Post survey , conducted July 9-13 and released Tuesday , found that 53 % support the White House plan to spend $ 3.7 billion to immediately deal with the situation , with 43 % saying they disapprove of the proposal . The survey shows an expected partisan divide , with two-thirds of Democrats supporting the Obama plan . That number drops to 51 % among independents and down to 35 % among Republicans . Hispanics questioned in the poll support the proposal , 54 % to 43 % . Even though a majority back the President 's proposal , only a third of Americans give Obama a thumbs-up on how he 's handling the issue of undocumented immigrants entering the country , and only 23 % of those questioned say they approve of how congressional Republicans are dealing with the crisis . Even Republicans are divided  48 % approval to 45 % disapproval  on how federal lawmakers from their own party are handling the issue . The poll questioned 1,016 adults nationwide by telephone . Its sampling error is plus or minus 3.5 percentage points . Congress : 12 work days to compromise on border crisis	Arizona sheriff : "  The public has a right to know " about facilities housing immigrants "  I 'm protesting the invasion of the United States , " demonstrator says At least 260 anti-immigration protests are planned nationwide this weekend A Michigan city and its mayor pro tem also protest any undocumented juveniles
New York  CNN  -- More than 35 pounds of cocaine was discovered in at least one bag that turned up at the United Nations headquarters in New York , police said Thursday . The narcotics were uncovered on January 16 inside hollowed-out books that had been shipped from Mexico City in a bag made to look like a diplomatic pouch , according to New York police spokesman Paul Browne . "  The actual pouch is blue and has a U.N. symbol , a lock and seal , and words like "  Diplomatic Mail , " Browne said . "  This bag was white instead of blue and had no locked seal and no wording of any kind . " The bag was being screened at the United Nations ' postal receiving center when the cocaine was discovered . It lacked a destination address and was without a return address , Browne added . U.N. spokesman Martin Nesirky said , "  This was not connected to the United Nations , and that 's why the host government , the city authorities , in the shape of the NYPD , were brought in to assist . " He said that it "  was not a diplomatic pouch . " In a written statement , Nesirky noted that "  two suspicious mail bags were intercepted . " Authorities have not located the intended recipient , he said .	The narcotics were uncovered January 16 inside hollowed-out books They had been shipped from Mexico City in a bag made to look like a diplomatic pouch It lacked a destination address and was without a return address Authorities have not located the intended recipient
Rome  CNN  -- Italian President Giorgio Napolitano has asked center-left politician Enrico Letta to form a new government , the president 's spokesman said Wednesday , raising hopes of an end to the country 's political impasse . Speaking after their meeting , Letta told reporters he would consult with parties Thursday and then would return to the presidential palace to "  fully accept " the mandate . The step comes four days after Napolitano , 87 , was re-elected by Italy 's Parliament on Saturday to an unprecedented second term . Italy has been locked in a political stalemate since February 's general election left a three-way split between the right , the left and a wild-card party . A delegation led by Letta , a 46-year-old former deputy prime minister who belongs to the center-left Democratic Party , met with Napolitano on Tuesday . Letta said that he was surprised to receive the call from Napolitano on Wednesday morning but that he accepted the challenge "  with great commitment . " "  We are going through a very difficult time , " he said . Letta said the most important step was to tackle unemployment , especially among young people -- a problem that is pushing many young Italians to leave the country . The second most pressing issue facing Italy is the need for political reform , he said . READ MORE : Mired in financial troubles , Italian couple commits suicide Constitutional changes are needed to reduce the number of parliamentarians and fix an electoral system that has kept the country locked in a political stalemate it ca n't afford , he said . "  We need to do this together with the largest participation possible , " said Letta . He also said the policy of austerity in the European Union needs to change . Napolitano said he was "  satisfied " because the road to forming the new government is finally open . The only way this can happen is through a "  large coalition " that can ensure a majority in both houses of Parliament , he said . Letta is very young for a prime minister by Italian standards but is very experienced , he added . The former leader of the Democratic Party , Pier Luigi Bersani , tried to form a government last month but failed . He resigned after the re-election of Napolitano . No one has taken over the leadership of the party , the dominant member of a leftist coalition . CNN 's Hada Messia reported from Rome and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London .	NEW : Enrico Letta highlights need to tackle unemployment , political reform in Italy President Giorgio Napolitano asks the center-left politician to form a government Letta , of the Democratic Party , says he will consult with political parties Italy has been locked in a stalemate since inconclusive elections in February
London  CNN  -- Sometimes Jaria Faraj Ali is so hungry that she ties a scarf tight around her waist to make her feel more comfortable . The Yemeni mother of six told the international aid group Oxfam that she has now resorted to begging because food prices are so high and she does n't have an income . And in Pakistan , 28-year-old Asif Masih says he has to work at two jobs to buy enough food . "  I drive a taxi part time as well as work in an office because otherwise me and my family wo n't be able to eat , " he told CNN . Their stories of hardship are echoed across the globe from Tajikistan to Peru where a recent spike in world food prices has hit the most vulnerable , and particularly in countries that rely on imported food . Rising food prices have been blamed on a number of factors -- for example , rising energy costs , changing land use for biofuel production , local conflicts , and an increasing demand for meat and dairy products . But 2012 's severe weather events around the world have led to low yields in nations such as the U.S. that export grain . Oxfam fears climate change is responsible and that impoverished people could be facing a future of high food prices driven by extreme weather trends . Oxfam spokesperson Colin Roach said : "  High and volatile food prices spell misery for millions of people like Jaria who face a daily struggle to put food on the table . This is man-made misery in a world which produces enough for everyone to eat . " A recent study commissioned by Oxfam into global warming and food prices , said : "  Against a backdrop of rising populations and changing diets which will see global food production struggle to keep pace with increasing demand , the food security outlook in a future of unchecked climate change is bleak . " Oxfam-commissioned research on extreme weather and extreme prices It has certainly been a tough year for farmers . While much of North America baked in the hottest July on record and the Mid-West suffered its worst drought in 56 years , the UK endured its wettest summer in a century . Back in September , CNN reported : "  From Ukraine to Yellowstone , in Pakistan and Kazakhstan , the skies have stayed clear , and the earth has been parched . And on the world 's commodity exchanges , the prices of corn , soybeans , wheat and tea are surging . " The driest season : Global drought causes major worry UK cereal farmer Jeff Powell says it was the poorest harvest he had seen in 30 years of farming with low yields and poor quality grain -- and he warns that the full effects are yet to filter into the system . "  Your loaf is going to cost more money this winter without a doubt -- when we get to Christmas bread prices will be up a lot , " he said . "  It 's an absolute nightmare for anyone in the livestock industry -- especially pigs and dairy -- with feed prices going up they can only stand that for so long . " In the U.S. state of Kansas , Donn Teske , who runs a prairie farm , said it was not unusual to have dry years but added : "  What we are finding though is that the extreme weather events are becoming much more extreme . Historically we have n't had these kind of conditions since the 1950s and before that the 1930s . " Find out how high food prices affect people across the world The implications could be serious . Michael Roberts , an associate professor of economics at the University of Hawaii , wrote in August that lower U.S. crop yields would impact the world 's poorest and could lead to social unrest . "  For these people , a huge rise in grain prices is more than noticeable -- it can break their budget . In 2008 and 2011 , when corn prices went up to levels nearly as high as today 's , the world saw a sharp rise in food riots . Many pointed to wheat prices as a catalyst for revolutions in the Middle East , including Egypt , Tunisia and Libya . " Oxfam says commodities futures markets are indicating there may be another spike in prices in early 2013 , but expects high and volatile food prices in the medium to long term . It says governments should do more to prevent famine . "  Putting a stop to food price crisis requires a radical new approach to the way we grow , share and manage food , " said Oxfam 's Colin Roach . "  Governments must kick start the process by investing in small scale producers who feed billions across the developing world , regulating commodity markets ; putting an end to biofuels policies which divert food crops into fuel ; tackling greenhouse gas emissions which drive extreme and erratic weather and helping poor producers adapt to a changing climate . " There was better news for consumers this week when the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization  FAO  reported that global rice production for 2012 was expected to outpace consumption , saying improved weather patterns in Africa and Asia had contributed to the rebound in rice inventories . And farmers are trying to adapt . Donn Teske says he will be stocking fewer cattle next year and trying to plant crops with less tillage to preserve the moisture . Some countries are also taking a longer term approach to reducing their reliance on food imports by looking for alternative staple crops . Nigeria has a population of 170 million and according to Debisi Araba , the special adviser to Nigeria 's agriculture minister , the country spends 635 billion naira  $ 4 billion  annually on wheat and an astonishing one billion naira  $ 6.3 million  each day on rice imports . But Nigeria has a plan to combat this huge cost . Araba said Nigeria produces 34 million tons of the starchy root crop cassava every year and this can be mixed with wheat flour . He said Nigeria was planning to replace 40 % of wheat flour with cassava and was ramping up production of rice . Araba believes the country will be able to produce 2.1 million tons of rice by 2015 , first becoming self sufficient , and then able to export . Opinion : How Africa could feed the world For other farmers , it may be more of a challenge to deal with any erratic weather patterns in the future . Jeff Powell said : "  Now with a wet autumn a lot of people are struggling to get their winter crops planted . If we have more years like this -LSB- 2012 -RSB- then we may aim to plant more crops in the spring ... but the spring last year was bone dry . It 's a bit of a catch-22 . " Are you affected by high food prices ? Tell us your experiences . CNN producer Shaan Khan contributed to this story .	This year 's severe weather events have led to low yields in grain exporting nations Kansas prairie farmer Donn Teske says extreme weather events are becoming much more extreme Aid group Oxfam believes there may be another spike in food prices in early 2013 and longer term volatility Some countries like Nigeria are looking for alternative staple crops such as cassava
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- The prosecution in the trial of Anna Nicole Smith 's manager-boyfriend Howard K. Stern and two doctors portrayed the actress as an addict who had no control over her drugs in closing arguments that began Monday . Los Angeles County Deputy District Attorney David Barkhurst used two Norman Rockwell portraits to show jurors "  What doctors should do , " while painting Drs. Khristine Eroshevich and Sandeep Kapoor as physicians who fed Smith 's addiction instead of treating her illnesses . Doctors have a responsibility to protect patients "  even from themselves , " Barkhurst said . Stern and the doctors are accused of conspiring to feed the reality TV star and Playboy model 's drug addiction and using false names to obtain the drugs . The defendants are not charged in Smith 's February 2007 death , which a Florida medical examiner ruled was from an accidental overdose of a sleep aid , a lethal mix of prescription drugs and a viral flu . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Robert Perry has been highly critical of the prosecution 's case , suggesting it was built from "  a dead celebrity and a bunch of low-level misdemeanors . " Perry said he decided to allow the case to go forward after another respected judge advised him to trust the jury system . The judge has questioned whether the prosecution has proved that Smith was an addict , as defined by California law , and not just dependent on drugs to relieve chronic pain . "  If she 's being treated for pain , it 's not illegal , " Perry said last week . Barkhurst , the first of two prosecutors to deliver closing arguments , said that at some point during the last three years of Smith 's life , Eroshevich and Kapoor were no longer treating Smith 's pain , "  but were prescribing to treat her addiction . " "  There is not a single physical test done on Anna Nicole Smith during the time Dr. Kapoor is treating her , " Barkhurst said . Eroshevich kept no medical records of her care for Smith , but simply used her "  prescription pad power " to provide controlled drugs to her . Both doctors crossed ethical lines by developing personal friendships with Smith , Barkhurst told jurors . "  A doctor ca n't be both a physician and a friend , " Barkhurst said . He reminded jurors of photos shown earlier of Eroshevich naked with Smith in a hot tub at her Bahamas home months before her death . "  She is writing prescriptions to keep Anna Nicole euphoric , not to treat a medical condition , " the prosecutor said . He read entries from Kapoor 's personal diary written after he and Smith attended a gay pride event . "  I was making out with Anna , my patient , blurring the lines , " Kapoor 's diary said . Another diary entry was evidence Kapoor knew his prescriptions for Smith were illegal , Barkhurst said . "  I give her methadone , valium . Can she ruin me ? " Evidence that Smith was an addict dates back to 1996 , when she voluntarily entered the Betty Ford Clinic , he argued . Kapoor should have recognized that Smith was an addict when she first came to his office in April 2004 and asked for one of the most powerful painkillers available , Barkhurst said . "  Anna Nicole Smith liked Dilaudid , " he said . "  She asked for what she liked . " Kapoor gave her another prescription for Dilaudid six weeks later when Smith complained of pain from two ribs broken in a May 27 , 2004 , Jet Ski accident . "  If she was on Dilaudid at the time she cracked her ribs , certainly she should n't be on a Jet Ski , " Barkhurst said . Kapoor ordered no X-rays or tests and did not take time to call another doctor who treated her the day of the accident , he said . Smith got Dilaudid from four different doctors that month , he said . A doctor who treated Smith at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in June 2006 testified that she concluded Smith was addicted to drugs , Barkhurst told jurors . When Dr. Natalie Maullin asked Kapoor then if Smith had any addiction issues , Kapoor laughed and said there have been some issues , Barkhurst said . Closing arguments are expected to last through Wednesday . Two charges against Stern were thrown out by Perry , who questioned the evidence that Stern , a lawyer , knew it was illegal to get drugs in multiple names . "  It has all the hallmarks of a kitchen sink prosecution , " Perry said last week . "  It looks like the prosecution is throwing everything in with the hope that something will survive . " Perry hinted that if the defendants are found guilty , he would consider "  possible selective prosecution issues " when sentencing them . During the two-month-long trial , prosecutors showed a 13-minute video of Smith bathing with her infant daughter months before her death to support their argument that Smith 's speech was slurred and her mind was groggy from drugs . Jurors were not allowed to see the bizarre video , which shows Smith talking in a childlike manner during a birthday party for a 9-year-old girl . The defense does not deny Smith took a lot of drugs , but it says the doctors were treating her for chronic pain that other doctors had also diagnosed . The prosecution 's case was hampered by several key witnesses recanting details of earlier statements , including a former nanny who said she never saw Stern injecting Smith with a needle . In Session Correspondent Jean Casarez contributed to this report .	NEW : Prosecution argues Smith 's doctors fed her drug addiction The judge has been critical of the prosecution case Two counts against Smith 's lawyer-boyfriend were tossed
CNN  -- In the tech world , paying a celebrity to love your product can sometimes backfire . On Wednesday , NBA superstar LeBron James took to Twitter to announce a nightmare of the mobile age : "  My phone just erased everything I had in it and rebooted . One of the sickest feelings I 've ever had in my life !!! " Here 's the problem : That phone was , presumably , the Samsung Galaxy Note that the Miami Heat star is paid big money to endorse . His was just the most recent in a series of public missteps by celebrities who have been increasingly called upon to create buzz for tech products . James quickly deleted the tweet and soon thereafter -- presumably with some help from his friends at the Korean gadget company -- posted this : "  Close call . Wheew ! Got all my info back . Gamer ! Lol . " It 's not the first time a celebrity , an endorsement deal and Twitter have merged to create an awkward gaffe . Just this month , Oscars host Ellen DeGeneres took the Selfie Seen Round the World with a smartphone from Samsung , a major sponsor of the awards . But , backstage , she was caught tweeting Oscars thoughts from her iPhone . Singer Alicia Keys claimed she was hacked last year  the Anthony Weiner Defense ?  when she apparently sent a tweet from an iPhone just days after she was named a "  creative director " for BlackBerry . And in 2012 , Oprah Winfrey  or one of her staff  raved about the new Microsoft Surface tablet -- in a tweet using Twitter for iPad . Sometimes , competing loyalties collide when gadget endorsements are involved . In March 2013 , "  The Big Bang Theory " star Kaley Cuoco tweeted some  sponsored  praise for Dish Network 's Hopper , a DVR system . Turns out , CBS , which airs "  Big Bang , " was locked in a lawsuit with Dish and other DVR makers over the systems ' ability to skip ads . She did the obligatory tweet delete . Dish accused CBS of making her . CBS denied it . And the beat goes on . Martin Lindstrom , a brand adviser to Fortune 500 companies and author of "  Buyology : Truth and Lies About Why We Buy , " said such flubs are "  a major risk " companies run when they sign up celebrity endorsers . But do n't expect the practice to go away anytime soon . Lindstrom also said that , even in these faux-pas cases , the endorsements pay off . "  We learned that the positive effect seems surprisingly stronger than the negative effect , " he said , citing research conducted for one of his books . "  In reality , this means that the Oscar viewers are much more likely to remember Ellen 's Samsung endorsement , including the Samsung name , and  are  hardly judging on the brand if a celebrity messes around with the situation . " And while celebrity tweets make the headlines , Lindstrom said , the prevalence of social media now means they 're not the only ones we look to to decide what we think about a product . "  The concept of conventional celebrity endorsement has expanded from just engaging the superstars to everyone from the 10-minutes-of-fame person to even people who have carved out some niche audience on a very focused topic , " he said . "  We 've all more or less turned into personal brands -- and thus we 're all more or less likely to witness ourselves in a brand endorsement role in the future . "	LeBron James tweeted a complaint about the smartphone he endorses On social media , other celebrities have bagged on the brands they promote Ellen DeGeneres used Samsung onstage at Oscars , iPhone backstage Expert says positive endorsements still outweigh such flubs
CNN  Social Security is often described as "  the third rail of American politics " -- touch it and you 'll get zapped . So why do Republicans keep sidling up to it and sticking their fingers out ? There 's a brewing controversy in Congress over a small part of the program , which is just the latest version of an old routine that goes like this : Republicans say Social Security is going broke , and they propose changes that would cut benefits or otherwise undermine the program . Democrats shout "  Republicans are trying to cut Social Security ! " Then the Republicans , scared of a backlash from older voters , back off . And why do we keep going through this ? Republicans will tell you it 's because the program is in peril , and if we do n't cut it back , it wo n't be there at all for future generations . Democrats will tell you it 's because Republicans never liked the program in the first place , and would love to kill it . That may be an exaggeration , but the fact is that Republicans hate big government , and government does n't come any bigger than Social Security . It 's also the most successful and beloved social program in American history . Most of us are too young to remember when growing old in America almost inevitably meant a miserable descent into poverty , but until the middle of the 20th century , that 's what it was . The current controversy revolves around a rule change Republicans made as soon as the new Congress was sworn in this month . Social Security is actually two separate programs , Old Age and Survivors Insurance  OASI  , and the much smaller Disability Insurance program  DI  . The disability program will be facing a funding shortfall next year , and to ensure that disabled people continue to get all their benefits , Congress would have to move some money from OASI into DI . This is n't anything new -- it 's been done many times in recent years . But House Republicans adopted a parliamentary rule barring the House from allowing that transfer unless it was accompanied by benefit cuts or tax increases . If it ca n't get worked out , people on DI could see their benefits cut substantially . So why would Republicans insist on this ? My guess is that they think forcing a mini-crisis over the Disability Insurance program 's finances will allow for a debate on the program that will make it easier to do what they 've wanted to do for a long time : cut it back somehow , either by reducing benefits , increasing the retirement age , or even partially privatizing it . The justification is always that the program is "  going broke . " But that 's just not true . When people say that , what they 're usually referring to is that , according to the projections in the Social Security Trustees ' latest report , in 2033 the program 's trust fund will be exhausted . But even if there are no changes between now and then , the program would not be "  broke . " That 's because it would still be taking in billions of dollars in taxes every day and paying them out in benefits . Even under this scenario , the program will still pay 77 % of recipient 's benefits after 2033 , according to the report . Which would be awful . That would be a large reduction in income for millions of seniors . But 77 % is not nothing . The people who tell you that the program will be "  broke " are hoping that , faced with that  fictional  nightmare , you might be willing to accept steep benefit cuts now . But we do n't have to -- the projected shortfall can be fixed with some very modest changes , like raising the payroll tax cap  right now you only pay payroll taxes on the first $ 117,000 of your wages , which means that the wealthy actually pay less as a proportion of their income than the rest of us  or gradually raising the payroll tax by a point in tiny increments over an extended period . The point is , it would n't be hard to come up with some combination of changes that could take care of the shortfall without cutting benefits . But for that to happen , both parties would have to agree on that goal . And there 's reason to wonder whether Republicans really want a Social Security that 's strong and stable . Programs like Social Security and Medicare -- which provide vital benefits to millions of Americans and are hugely popular -- stand as a living rebuke to conservatives ' small-government philosophy . When Republicans tell voters that government ca n't do anything right , they hope that the voters do n't respond , "  Well , the government is doing a good job keeping my grandma from having to eat cat food . " The idea that the program is perennially in crisis , on the other hand , validates everything else that Republicans say . Congress will probably work out the issue with Disability Insurance funding , just like they have in the past -- once the GOP starts feeling some political heat over it . But Republicans will be back for another attack on Social Security soon enough .	Paul Waldman : Rule change adopted by new Republican Congress could end up cutting Social Security disability benefits He says it 's part of GOP 's perennial attack on Social Security as unsustainable , but there are better ways to fix
CNN  -- If you discovered water that could be millions or billions of years old , would you taste it ? Barbara Sherwood Lollar does it all the time . She 's a geologist in the department of Earth Sciences at the University of Toronto , and collaborated with other researchers on analyzing water found in a Canadian mine in Timmins , Ontario . They published the findings in the journal Nature in May , showing that the water is between 1.5 and 2.6 billion years old -- meaning it has been totally isolated for that long . Lollar dipped the tip of her finger in this water and tested it with her tongue . She found the ancient sample "  very salty and bitter -- much saltier than seawater . " But while this may sound horrifying , geologists often use their own senses in sampling , she said . It 's not just for fun : They 're working in dark environments with multiple fractures of water , and they know the waters they want to analyze further are the saltiest , as they 're likely to be the oldest . "  If you 're a geologist who works with rocks , you 've probably licked a lot of rocks , " she said . Ancient water found in Canadian mine It takes more than a taste test to figure out how old water is , however . "  We can get a sense of antiquity by looking at things like salinity of the water , and more particularly , looking at oxygen and hydrogen in the water molecule itself , " she said . Scientists looked at the amounts of noble gases in the water -- helium is one , for example -- and which isotopes were present . These are signatures of the approximate age of water . This research has implications for what life may exist on other planets . "  Equally on somewhere like Mars , any life that formed could have found its way into similar pockets of water in the Martian crust , and our work shows that these pockets of water can survive and provide a place for the life to have survived long after the surface of Mars lost its water and became sterile , " said Chris Ballentine , professor of geochemistry at the University of Manchester in the United Kingdom and senior author on the study , said in an e-mail . Miners have known about the presence of deep salty waters for some time in Canada , Finland and South Africa . Mining literature even mentions it in the 1880s -- but it flew under the radar of scientists until recently . At a different Canadian mine , Lollar and colleagues went to investigate these waters . They discovered that the chemistry was similar to the kinds of waters found in hydrothermal vents at the bottom of the ocean . They also saw that the high salinity of these waters was a result of the chemical reactions going on between the rocks and the water . "  This results in water that 's full of the kind of energy that can support life , " she said . In a South African gold mine , Lollar and colleagues found microbial communities at 1.7 miles deep , living off of dissolved hydrogen in these waters . The waters themselves on the order of tens of millions of years old . That work inspired them to return to Canada , to the Timmins mine , because they theorized that even older waters might flow there , based on the age and geology of the rocks . Down in the mine , it 's "  dark , dusty , very noisy and hot , " Ballentine said . The ancient water found there is a natural phenomenon ; it 's not there because of the mines . "  It 's just that the mines allow us to get down there and get at them , " Lollar said . "  They 're our equivalent of the deep sea submarines . " The waters themselves are flowing , bubbling out of fractures in the rock , or boreholes that intersect with the fractures . The next step is to estimate the age of other deep waters all over the planet , so that they can compare and contrast what they may find in terms of life that lives far underground in these packets of water . They are still in the process of looking for life in the samples from the Timmins mine ; working up this data is "  painstaking work , " she said . Ballentine said the water is not drinkable , but admitted , "  the water is crystal clear when it first comes out of the rock and looks very tempting . " Lollar is quick to deny full-on drinking these ancient waters -- she 's literally just talking about putting the tip of her finger to the tip of her tongue . "  It 's scientifically too valuable to waste like that , " she said . See also : Ancient Tennessee cave paintings show deep thinking by Natives Follow Elizabeth Landau on Twitter at @lizlandau and for more science news follow @CNNLightYears	Barbara Sherwood Lollar is a geologist studying ancient water in mines Water that she and her colleagues analyzed may be 2.6 billion years old They are investigating the possibility that the water hosts microbial life
HARO , Spain  CNN  -- A Spanish businessman withdrew a controversial lawsuit Wednesday against the family of a teenage boy he struck and killed while driving a luxury car . Tomas Delgado had filed a suit asking the dead boy 's parents to pay him $ 20,000  $ 29,400  on the grounds that the collision that killed their teenage son also damaged his Audi A-8 . News of the case sparked outrage in Spain and generated deep sympathy for the parents of 17-year-old Enaitz Iriondo Trinidad . He was riding his bicycle home to a campground when Delgado 's car hit and killed him in August 2004 . Hundreds of people descended on a courthouse in northern Spain in a show of support for the boy 's parents Wednesday . They broke into applause when word came that Delgado had dropped the suit . The businessman had insisted in a recent television interview that he was a victim , too . He was not present for a court hearing Wednesday . His lawyer told the court that Delgado felt that the extensive publicity amounted to a public lynching . Outside the courthouse , the boy 's father -- Antonio Iriondo -- told CNN he was content with the decision . Yet he also said his family will explore the possibility of criminal charges against the man . "  This is just the beginning , " the father said . His son was killed as he cycled back from a nearby village to a campground where his family was vacationing . Iriondo Trinidad 's father told CNN he heard the screeching of the car from the campgrounds . The teen was struck from behind and dragged 106 meters  347 feet  along the rural highway , the father said . A traffic report said Delgado was traveling 113 km per hour  70 mph  in an area where the speed limit is 90 km  55 mph  . An independent expert hired by Trinidad 's family said Delgado was going 173 km per hour  107 mph  . Shortly after the collision , a judge dismissed criminal charges against Delgado after concluding that he had committed no criminal infraction , the Spanish newspaper El Pais reported . The teen 's mother , Rosa , told the newspaper that the family was given three days to appeal the judge 's ruling , but they were too distraught to pursue it . She also told the newspaper that her family 's lawyer advised her and her husband not to pursue criminal charges . After the collision , Delgado 's insurance company paid the family $ 33,000  $ 48,500  . Two years after the wreck , Delgado sued the family for damages to his car and for car rental costs . The boy 's mother told CNN before the hearing that she was indignant that the driver would seek damages after killing her son . A local prosecutor told reporters that he would take a second look at the case to see whether authorities can file fresh charges against Delgado . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Al Goodman contributed to this story	Spaniard withdraws lawsuit against the family of a boy he struck and killed Tomas Delgado had filed a suit , saying collision had also damaged his car News of the case sparked outrage in Spain and deep sympathy for the parents
CNN  -- Serie A leaders AC Milan remain on course for a domestic double after reaching the quarterfinals of the Italian Cup with a 3-0 home win over Bari . Milan , with Antonio Cassano making his debut for the club , were always in control at the San Siro , and they now travel to Cassano 's former club Sampdoria -- with a place in the semifinals up for grabs . Zlatan Ibrahimovic continued his impressive recent form by opening the scoring for the home side in the 19th minute . And there was no way back for Bari once young German midfielder Alexander Merkel had doubled Milan 's advantage on the stroke of halftime . Man-of-the-match Robinho made the opening two goals before deservedly getting on the scoresheet himself midway through the second half , converting a pass from Merkel . The other quarterfinal ties will see Napoli entertain holders Inter Milan , Juventus play host to Roma and Palermo facing Parma .	Serie A leaders AC Milan reach the quarterfinals of the Italian Cup on Thursday Zlatan Ibrahimovic scores the opening goal in a 3-0 victory over Bari Alexander Merkel and Robinho were also on target in the San Siro win Milan will now face Sampdoria with a semifinal place for the winners
CNN  -- As a long-time aviation journalist and regular traveler , I 've been following the debate on whether the use of cell phones and other wireless devices should be allowed on airplanes . And now that the Federal Communications Commission has said it will weigh in on the matter , let me add my voice to the growing chorus of those who are firmly opposed to the idea . Letting passengers talk nonstop during flights would be like being stuck in hell . Let me explain . I 'm a working mother who is a student pilot and active in several professional and church activities . The airplane is one of the few places on  or over the  earth where I can sit quietly and not worry about answering or making phone calls . Yes , I have used airline WiFi to sneak in some work or surf the Internet , but mostly I put on my noise-canceling headphones and relax as much as one can on a commercial coach flight . But all that peace would be ruined if cell phones were allowed to be used on planes . Could you imagine the cacophony of chatter you would hear on a Baltimore-to-Chicago flight ? I can , because I 've heard it already . I used to take the Amtrak Acela train between Baltimore and New York City pretty regularly . On those rare occasions when I could n't get a seat in the Quiet Car , it was sheer hell , even with headphones . I heard privileged conversations that would get lawyers fired . I listened to talk that was n't fit for children under 17 . I was forced to eavesdrop on people discussing personal , private matters -- all done in normal tones . And people did n't hesitate in trying to have their loud conversations even in the Quiet Car . So sit back , close your eyes , and imagine hearing all those conversations trapped in a high-speed metal tube flying between Washington and San Francisco , or New York to Paris . How many hours is that ? Do you really want to hear the chatter of people sitting right next to you or 15 feet away ? Even if the talks are muffled through your noise-canceling headphones , that does n't make it any better . What if you just want to sleep through the flight ? Or take a respite from the always-on connected life you have on the ground ? Travelers already get a sense of what this sounds like when a plane lands . You hear the chirps and beeps of phones turning on and snippets of conversation starting before the aircraft wheels have even touched the ground . "  YES , MOM , WE JUST LANDED . " "  I 'LL MEET YOU AT BAGGAGE CLAIM 12 . NO CLAIM 12 ! I 'M HERE ! WHERE 'S THE PARTY ? " If I still have n't convinced you , then consider the flight crews who will be forced to referee any cell phone disputes . Despite what travelers may think , flight attendants are not there to help you with your bags or serve you drinks . They are actually there to ensure your safety on your flight . Safety could be compromised if flight attendants are too busy refereeing -- or not -- people who are fighting about loud conversations all around them . Passengers are already on edge these days as civility in travel seems to have diminished greatly . Allowing the use of cell phones on flights will push us all closer to the cliff of our sanity . So here 's hoping the airlines and related aviation groups fire up their public relations machines to squash this idea and instead , urge the FCC to continue the inflight cell phone ban . And travelers -- enjoy the down time . Listen to a podcast . Enjoy some music . Watch an in-flight movie . Play a game . The calls will be waiting for you when you land . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Benét J. Wilson .	FCC is considering rules to allow the use of cell phone during flights Benet Wilson : Letting passengers talk nonstop would be like being stuck in hell She says the airplane is one of the few places where one can have some quiet Wilson : There 's no need to ruin anyone 's flight with endless cellphone chatter
CNN  The murder earlier this month of 27-year-old Farkhunda at the hands of a mob that beat her to death , burned her body and tossed her into a river shocked Afghanistan , a country in which unspeakable things often hit the headlines . The young woman from Kabul was falsely accused of burning pages in the Holy Quran . What followed was the horror of mob rule , all captured on video while bystanders looked on . Soon after the incident , the images of her brutal slaying went viral on social media , noted Afghanistan 's TOLO News . And this time , the outrage led Afghans to the streets , with assistance from Facebook and other social media . These platforms have served both to disseminate the images of her savage beating and murder and as a means for convening those who are mobilizing and organizing to protest her killing . Last week , crowds chanted for days , calling for justice for Farkhunda and "  death for her killers . " And , TOLO News reported , protests were held in different parts of the country , calling for the "  ultimate penalty to the perpetrators . " Indeed , technology and connectedness have played a role in changing the old narratives in Afghanistan , as Farkhunda 's killing shows . Not only was her murder captured and shared online , but some of those men arrested for her killing were found to have confessed via social media posts . And now a country 's anguish is shared in those same online and virtual neighborhoods . Some Afghan civil society leaders see the protests that have resulted as yet another sign of an evolving Afghanistan -- a nation whose recently elected leaders , now sharing a unity government , visited Washington , D.C. , in an effort to turn the page on the past . "  When we are talking about this case , what is it showing us ? First of all , when we are talking about women 's rights , we see that we have succeeded ; people will not tolerate what they tolerated a decade ago , " said Nargis Nehan , founder and executive director of Equality for Peace and Democracy , a non-governmental organization created to promote "  a culture of peace , tolerance , transparency and accountability . " She was speaking last Tuesday at a roundtable at Georgetown University 's Institute for Women , Peace and Security , organized around the visit by Afghan President Ashraf Ghani and Chief Executive Abdullah Abdullah . "  If this was the Afghanistan of a decade before and this would have happened , a small group of Afghan women would have come to the streets to be seeking justice . Today we have men seeking justice . " Nehan explained that the younger generation , a progressive generation , wants to have a peaceful Afghanistan . "  But at the same time , we have conservatives who have been power-holders for many decades in Afghanistan and they do n't want to see that . Change always has a cost and unfortunately in this case we see that a very innocent girl like Farkhunda has paid that . " Nehan and other leaders from Afghanistan could be seen checking Facebook frequently for updates on what was happening on the streets of their capital . What they found was an online community sustaining the strong sense of injustice over Farkhunda 's killing that prompted the Afghan President to announce , even before he left for the United States , a fact-finding commission to investigate her murder . Yet some Afghan leaders worried that the brutality of this murder marked another troubling turning point in a country wrestling with a great many transitions -- economic , security and political -- all at once . "  It never  before  happened to women at this level ; this was really one of the shocking acts of violence publicly within the capital , " said Sima Samar , head of the Afghan Human Rights Commission , at the Georgetown panel . "  It is not far from the palace , less than one kilometer . " "  My personal concern is that if we do not manage the case properly , it might be used against us and against women 's rights in the country , " Samar added . Women have gained a great deal in the roughly 13 years since the Taliban was ousted from power . Today , 3 million girls attend school . Women serve in the country 's security forces -- albeit in very small numbers . They sit in Parliament and work as entrepreneurs , teachers and civil society advocates . Still , violence against women remains rampant and widespread . The practice of child marriage is outlawed but still common in some parts of the country . And security and the economy are still major challenges , particularly in the more remote provinces of the country untouched by the modernization gripping the nation 's more urban centers . Indeed , Samar and other human rights advocates and civil society leaders who have played a role in post-Taliban Afghanistan say they are determined that Farkhunda 's death will not be in vain . They say they will continue to fight to keep her case in the spotlight and to see justice served . Their commitment to seeking public justice for a public horror may well be one of the most powerful signals yet of an Afghanistan that is indeed a very different nation than it was only a decade ago .	Murder of 27-year-old woman by mob in Afghanistan set social media ablaze with calls for justice Lemmon : Outrage , Afghan President 's call for probe signal a changing nation years after Taliban rule
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- The judge who sentenced Saddam Hussein to death has condemned the manner in which the notorious dictator was executed . Saddam Hussein was hanged after being found guilty for his role in the killing of 148 people in Dujail . "  It was uncivilized and backward , " said Chief Judge Raouf Abdul Rahman , who spoke to reporters on Tuesday as they awaited the start of the latest trial of ex-regime members . Hussein , a Sunni Muslim , was hanged for his role in the killings of 148 people in Dujail , a mostly Shiite town north of Baghdad , after a 1982 attempt to assassinate the then-Iraqi leader . The hanging -- which took place as hostilities between Sunnis and Shiites were erupting -- occurred December 30 , 2006 , when Sunnis began celebrating the religious holiday Eid al-Adha . A cell phone video showedHussein being taunted by Shiites and included bitter exchanges between Hussein and Shiite witnesses . There were shouts of praise for Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr , whose father was believed to have been murdered by Hussein 's regime . After Hussein was hanged , Shiite witnesses danced around his body , chanting celebratory slogans . "  In Iraqi law , there are no public executions , " Abdul Rahman said . "  Eid is a time of love , tranquility and reconciliation , not a time for executions . " None of the Iraqi government 's top officials attended the execution and Hussein was buried in Awja , near Tikrit , in the same cemetery as his sons Uday and Qusay . His execution was condemned at the time , then British Prime Minister Tony Blair , a leading advocate of Hussein 's overthrow , saying its manner was "  completely wrong . " The Vatican said the killing of the guilty was not a route to justice or reconciliation , while Russia warned that it would worsen the situation in the country . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report	Judge who sentenced Hussein to death condemns manner of execution Chief Judge Raouf Abdul Rahman calls hanging ` uncivilized and backward ' Rahman decries public nature of execution during a religious holiday
CNN  -- A morbidly obese Saudi Arabian man has lost 330 pounds  150 kilograms  since the Saudi king ordered him hospitalized three months ago , the official Saudi Press Agency reported . In August , King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia ordered Khalid bin Mohsen Shaari , who then weighed 1,345 pounds  610 kilograms  , to undergo treatment in the capital , Riyadh . Shaari , estimated to be in his late teens , was unable to move by himself and was transferred from Jazan in southern Saudi Arabia . His weight loss followed an intense nutritional and surgical treatment program a team of 21 specialists developed at the King Fahd Medical City , the agency said . "  The patient is responding well to treatment and is continuing to improve , especially the psychological aspect , " Dr. Aa'ed al-Qahtani , head of the medical team , told the news agency . Shaari 's most serious health issues are being managed , including heart and lung problems , diabetes and swelling and lack of mobility in the legs , according to al-Qahtani . Al-Qahtani told the agency that Shaari is scheduled for one more "  surgical phase " after which , if successful , he could return to normal life .	Saudi king ordered morbidly obese man hospitalized He weighed 1,345 pounds but has lost more than 330 pounds , report says
Editor 's note : Rep. Dave Camp is a Republican from the 4th district of Michigan and is his party 's ranking member on the House Ways and Means Committee . Rep. Dave Camp said Americans pay too much for health care due to waste , lawsuits and fraud . WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Americans want , deserve and demand health care reform . Wednesday , I and my Republican colleagues in the House of Representatives are unveiling common sense health care reforms that focus on increasing the affordability , accessibility and availability of quality health care . Our plan will lower costs , make health care more convenient for patients and improve quality at a price our country can afford . Our chief concern is making health care affordable for all Americans . To do so , we believe in reforming before spending . The system now is so complex and unwieldy that billions of dollars are wasted every year . In fact , Americans pay more for their health care per person than anyone else in the world ; twice what the Canadians do and two-and-a-half times what the British spend . It makes no sense . To lower health care costs , we must 1  weed out the rampant overspending in our current system that is driven by the twin forces of trial lawyers and fraudsters , 2  modernize medical regulations that have n't been changed in decades , and 3  make sure the government is helping every American get insurance , not just those who have health insurance through their job . Attacking the unnecessary costs in our current system starts with implementing comprehensive medical liability reform , so when doctors are in exam rooms they are thinking about their patients , not about ordering more tests in case somebody tries to sue later . This will reduce the practice of defensive medicine and save billions of dollars in wasted health care spending . We also must demand greater oversight and fraud prevention in Medicare and Medicaid -- the nation 's health care programs for the seniors , the poor and the disabled . Abuse is so rampant in these programs that the chief counsel to the Health and Human Services Inspector General said , "  building a Medicare fraud scam is far safer than dealing in crack or dealing in stolen cars , and it 's far more lucrative . " Malpractice reform and fraud prevention are a good start , but just a start . We will build on those successes by accelerating the move toward an electronic record system , minimizing the numerous administrative requirements at doctor offices , hospitals and insurance companies . By doing so , we can tackle the mountain of repetitive and unnecessary paperwork that clogs our system , drives up costs and creates headaches for patients and doctors alike . It is also time to allow states , small businesses and other organizations to increase their purchasing power by banding together to offer health insurance at lower cost . A small business in Ohio might not be able to afford health insurance on its own , but when joining with dozens of other small employers in Michigan and Indiana , the pool gets bigger and the price gets lower . Even with these reforms , the cost of health care is still too high for many Americans . The federal government has a patchwork of subsidies for those buying health insurance that is full of inequities . While we are waiting for the cost of our plan to be determined by the Congressional Budget Office , we already know it would be cheaper than other alternatives being discussed . To help address the inequities , our plan gives Americans who purchase insurance on their own a tax deduction , treating them more like those who get insurance through a job or who are self-employed . And we create incentives for all Americans to save now for future and long-term health care needs by improving health savings accounts and flexible spending arrangements and creating new tax benefits to offset the costs of long-term care premiums . Republicans also provide financial assistance through new refundable and advanceable tax credits to those who need it most : low - and modest-income Americans . And , especially in today 's economy where so many workers have been forced to retire early or have been laid off , we recognize that many Americans who have not yet hit retirement age often have an especially hard time finding affordable health insurance . Thus , we offer additional financial help to those ages 55 to 64 . We also recognize that many Americans with pre-existing conditions find insurance is either unaffordable or unavailable . Our plan addresses this by fostering innovative state reinsurance programs and improved high-risk pools , ensuring that high-risk individuals get affordable coverage . These and other measures will ensure every American , regardless of income , regardless of where they choose to live , regardless of pre-existing conditions or past illness , will have access to affordable , quality health care . Republicans stand ready to work with the president and our Democratic colleagues in Congress to improve the affordability , accessibility and availability of health care in this nation . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dave Camp .	Rep. Dave Camp : Health care must be made available and affordable He says fraud , lawsuits and waste drive up the cost of health care Camp : Americans pay much more per person than other countries He says tax incentives can help people pay for health care
CNN  -- Ellen DeGeneres ! Celebrity controversies ! Endless self-congratulation ! What , you think Sunday 's Oscars are about the movies and the fashion ? Yes , there is quite a race between best picture contenders "  12 Years a Slave , " "  Gravity " and "  American Hustle . "  There are six other nominees , but they 're not expected to make waves . Awards Season 2014 : Oscar ballot However , the Oscars are full of unexpected moments -- whether it 's a host 's divisive jokes , a winner making political points or simply awkward stage approaches . Here are five things to watch for : 1 . "  12 Years " and Oscar diversity . A number of films from 2013 were rightly touted as showcasing African-Americans , including "  Fruitvale Station , " "  42 , " "  Lee Daniels ' The Butler " and "  Mandela : Long Walk to Freedom . " Vanity Fair even highlighted the diversity on its Hollywood Issue cover . But excepting "  Mandela , " which earned a best song nomination , the only one of those films to get any Oscar love was "  12 Years a Slave , " about the experience of a free man taken into slavery . Its studio , Fox Searchlight , has run ads that say "  It 's time , " a simple phrase that has multiple meanings . Will the message carry the day ? We 'll find out Sunday . 2 . Your host , Ellen DeGeneres . Ellen DeGeneres received kudos for her first Oscar hosting stint in 2007 -- "  crisp and unpretentious , " in the words of TV critic Tom Shales . Since then , she has only become more popular , with her top-rated daytime TV show and 25.2 million Twitter followers . She 'll be nice , of course , but maybe a little pointed . "  I do think it should be classy . It 's the Academy Awards , " she told The New York Times . "  But  it has lately turned into something that 's a little more about the clothes than the performances , and I will comment on that . " And who knows ? The married and openly gay DeGeneres may have something to say about the recent debate over same-sex marriage laws . 3 . Patterns and record breakers . Some Oscar nights seem to be all about momentum , with one film sweeping its way to best picture . Other Oscar nights spread the wealth . You may want to keep an eye on certain categories to see which way the wind is blowing . 2014 Oscar predictions Moreover , it could be a big night for a few individuals in particular . With her fourth win , best actress nominee Meryl Streep , who now has 18 nominations , could tie Katharine Hepburn as the performer with the most Oscar wins . Best supporting actress nominee Jennifer Lawrence could be the first performer to win back-to-back Oscars in different categories  best actress , and best supporting actress  . And with an Oscar victory , best song nominee Robert Lopez , who co-wrote "  Frozen 's " "  Let It Go , " will become an EGOT -- a winner of an Emmy , Grammy , Oscar and Tony . He would become just the 12th person to do so competitively . 4 . Controversy ! If Cate Blanchett wins best actress for "  Blue Jasmine " -- as she 's widely expected to do -- will she thank the film 's director , Woody Allen ? She was called out in Dylan Farrow 's open letter and has been diplomatic when asked about the controversy , but did n't mention Allen in her acceptance speech at the Santa Barbara Film Festival . Then there 's the "  In Memoriam " segment . If the Internet is essentially a gigantic outrage machine , then nothing gets people angrier than having their favorite performer left out of the academy 's annual tribute to the deceased . Who will it be this year ? Harold Ramis ? Sid Caesar ? Sarah Jones , the crew member who was killed in a Georgia train accident ? And will there be complaints over who gets the "  anchor " position ? 5 . Sing it ! In recent years , the best song race has been little more than a footnote to the Oscar proceedings .  Two years ago , there were just two nominees -- total .  But this year is shaping up to be an interesting competition . You 've got Lopez and his tune , sung by Idina Menzel , which hit Billboard 's Top 20 . You 've got rock heavyweights U2 , who wrote and performed "  Ordinary Love , " from "  Mandela : Long Walk to Freedom . " You 've got indie darling Karen O , who performed "  The Moon Song " from "  Her , " and be-hatted Pharrell Williams , the mastermind behind "  Despicable Me 2 's " "  Happy . " In other words , you 've got four songs people have actually heard -- and like . It 's been awhile . You almost might want to keep an eye on space and time . Space , because the weather in Los Angeles has been rainy . The precipitation is expected to let up by Sunday afternoon , but if it does n't , the rainswept streets might make Ridley Scott proud . And time , because it 's the Oscars : "  Two hours of sparkling entertainment spread over a four-hour show , " as Johnny Carson once said . Of course , if it 's an entertaining show , nobody will notice -- except those people who use the show 's running time as an Oscar pool tiebreaker . Back to you , Ellen .	Oscars 2014 feature a tight race for best picture "  12 Years a Slave " shows off diversity , but will it win ? Ellen DeGeneres hosting a second time Oscars often bring controversy , the unexpected
CNN  -- International envoy Kofi Annan said Tuesday he sees Iran as a factor in diplomatic efforts to forge peace in Syria , a stance not shared by the United States . "  I think Iran can play a positive role , " Annan said during a news conference with Iranian Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Salehi in Tehran . His remarks came a day after he met with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in Damascus . Annan said al-Assad agreed on "  an approach " to ending the 16 months of bloodshed in his country . World powers have deplored al-Assad 's government for its assaults against civilians . But the diplomatic wranglings , such as Annan 's recent Action Group meeting in Geneva and the U.S. and Arab-backed Friends of Syria initiative , have failed to stop the killings of thousands since March 2011 . The opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria recorded at least 68 deaths Tuesday . The U.N. and Arab League special envoy to Syria , Annan is visiting leaders in the region to find ways to implement his six-point peace plan , an initiative that has yet to gain traction . Annan said he believes Iran can play a key role in helping end the violence in Syria . Tehran is a friend and ally of the al-Assad regime , but the United States and other nations exploring peace moves in Syria have opposed Iranian participation in the diplomacy . State Department spokesman Patrick Ventrell cited "  Iran 's destructive behavior in Syria , " a reference to its support for the government 's fierce offensive against its opponents . "  We want them to stop that destructive behavior , " Ventrell told reporters Monday . "  And so , of course , Kofi Annan in Tehran , to the extent that he can stress to the Iranians the importance of cooperating with the plan , that 's a good thing . But we have n't seen signs of that either yet . " "  If the Iranian regime wants to stop giving direct material support to the Syrian killing machine , then -- and play a constructive role -- we would welcome that . We 're not at that point yet . " Annan , however , says that "  Iran has a role to play . " "  Here I am talking to Minister Salehi and seeking the support and cooperation of Iran in my efforts to resolve this conflict peacefully , " he said . Asked about his meeting on Monday with al-Assad , Annan said the two discussed efforts to end violence , but he did n't want to mention details until he talked with opposition leaders . Al-Assad "  made a suggestion of building an approach from the ground up in some of the districts where we have extreme violence -- to try and contain the violence in those districts and , step by step , build up and end the violence across the country . " Peace moves have failed to get off the ground at the United Nations and among Western and Arab nations , despite world outrage over Syria 's brutal crackdown on anti-government demonstrations . "  The political process is yet to begin , a political process that would bring all parties to the table . And this is one of the key points of the six-point plan , " Annan said . "  And I think that the essence of the six-point plan is stopping the violence , releasing detainees , allowing humanitarian access -- which should be seen as a package , a package that if complemented will help create the environment and the conducive climate for political talks -- political talks between the Syrians to determine their own political future . " Russia also supports an Iranian role in Syria . While members of the U.N. Security Council , which includes the United States , have called for an end to the violence and for al-Assad to step aside , efforts to adopt a resolution that would allow for aid to the rebels have been blocked by Russia and China , key Syrian trade partners . Moscow and Beijing are strongly opposed to armed intervention , saying the outcome in Syria should be decided by its people . Russia , in fact , said it will not deliver new weapons to Syria as long as the situation in that country is unstable , an official at the body in charge of monitoring Russia 's arms trade said Monday , according to state media . It had been the longtime principal supplier of arms to Syria since the days when it was the Soviet Union . Two Russian military transport ships were scheduled to transit through the Dardenelles Strait Tuesday , on their way to their expected destination , the Syrian port of Tartous , a U.S. official said . The ships -- the the Filchenkov and Kunikov -- had been closely watched by U.S. intelligence for the last several weeks while docked in the Black Sea port of Sevastopol . The Russians have said any weapons and personnel on board the ship are for reinforcement of the Tartous facility . Annan went to Baghdad later Tuesday for talks on Syria with Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki . As the conflict persists , Syrians are fleeing to neighboring countries such as Iraq and to safe places in their own country . There 's been a "  significant increase " in the flight of refugees to Jordan in the last two weeks and authorities are working on the development of large sites to accommodate them , Andrew Harper , head of the U.N. refugee agency in Jordan , told CNN Tuesday . He said there are about 130,000 Syrians in Jordan but not all of them are refugees . He said about 50,000 need assistance , but authorities are concerned that the number will continue to grow . Daraa , one of the major Syrian cities engulfed in violence , is near Jordan . CNN 's Kareem Khadder and Barbara Starr contributed to this report	An opposition group recorded at least 68 deaths Tuesday The United States calls Iran 's behavior in Syria "  destructive " Annan visited Bashar al-Assad in Damascus The envoy is now in Iraq , meeting with its prime minister
CNN  -- "  The French , British and Americans have no understanding of what 's happening here , " a foreign diplomat posted in Syria told me in the summer of 2012 . At the time it was still possible for an outsider like me , having recently arrived in Syria from London , to imagine Bashar al-Assad 's imminent departure . Even a U.S. State Department official had dismissed his regime as "  a dead man walking . " But non-Westerners who had spent years in Syria were less hopeful . They rejected reports in the American press prophesying the demise of the government . Al-Assad , they said , was popular among the minorities . Besides , the army 's loyalty to him was near-absolute . Today , Bashar al-Assad is more powerful than he was 15 months ago . For all the predictions of his impending overthrow , his Baathist machine remains the only stable feature in Syria . Despite the carnage , daily life in Damascus , al-Assad 's bastion , largely continues as before . There have been no major defections , and most importantly the Syrian Arab Army , despite suffering more than 30,000 fatalities , continues to pledge its allegiance to al-Assad . In the past two months , it has reclaimed from the opposition territory outside Damascus . Yet , instead of recalibrating its response , Washington remains tethered to its same narrow policy goal : al-Assad 's removal from power . John Kerry devoted his speech Wednesday in Switzerland , where representatives of the Syrian government and some opposition groups have assembled to hold peace talks , to reiterating this demand . This is an unrealistic expectation . Far from achieving al-Assad 's exit , it will prolong the violence . Syrian government representatives did not go to the negotiating table to throw away his gains . The so-called Geneva CommuniquÃ © that forms the basis of Kerry 's demand does not in fact call for Assad 's removal . And he is unlikely to budge without a credible threat of force from the United States . Kerry claimed this week that such a threat was still "  on the table . " In truth , Washington 's options are severely limited by the embarrassing fact that the opposition that has come to Switzerland to wrest power from al-Assad does not have a significant constituency in Syria . Its members hold little sway over the mujahideen fighting government forces . Much of the territory outside the government 's control is held by groups linked to al Qaeda , and al Qaeda is opposed to the peace talks . It is aware that it could emerge as the unintended beneficiary of any Western attempt to dislodge al-Assad . Even the "  moderate " elements of the opposition appear to be beyond Washington 's control . The peace talks in Switzerland were deemed crucial by Washington . Yet members of the opposition repeatedly threatened to derail them if their demand to exclude Iran from the process was not met . Kerry had been attempting for weeks to get a seat for Tehran at the talks because he grasped that , as a regional power that has abetted Syria in its civil war , Iran 's presence was vital to progress . This irked Saudi Arabia , the Sunni theocracy that is alarmed by the thaw in relations between Tehran and Washington . Saudi Arabia 's intervention in Syria has always been part of its effort to blunt Iran 's influence and cripple what it sees is a Shia corridor of power in the Middle East . As the principal backer of the opposition , Saudi Arabia has played a key role in transforming Syria into a haven for foreign jihadists cut from the same ideological cloth as the men who carried out the 9/11 attacks . Iran hurt its own interests by refusing to adhere to preconditions , which in Tehran 's view bound it to an unfavorable outcome -- a Saudi-backed transitional government -- even before the talks had begun . But its abrupt exclusion from the peace talks is a triumph of Saudi policy . All of this explains why al-Assad , despite having presided over the slaughter of so many Syrians , was able to ridicule the negotiations as a "  joke . " His decision to dispatch a delegation to participate in them was in deference to his sponsors in Russia who , having labored hard to halt the threat of a U.S. military strike against their client last year , are eager to demonstrate the utility of diplomacy . Sergei Lavrov , the Russian foreign minister , was quick to cast the opening day as a success . "  For the first time in three years , " he said , "  the sides -- for all their accusations -- agreed to sit down at the negotiating table . " But the framework for the negotiations already looks obsolete . Hammered out in 2012 by Kofi Annan , then the U.N. peace envoy to Syria , its terms -- calling for a transitional governing body by mutual consent of all parties , a national dialogue , free elections , and a comprehensive review of the constitution -- hark back to a time when al-Assad seemed weak , the opposition was unified , and the phrase "  Arab Spring " could be spoken hopefully in the West . The major powers that helped forge the Geneva CommuniquÃ © , perhaps anticipating al-Assad 's fall , refused to place their weight behind it when it mattered . Annan quit his job in frustration . To ordinary Syrians , the ongoing talks in Switzerland look like a meaningless sideshow . Al-Assad , feeling triumphant , refuses to go . An internally riven opposition refuses to temper its demands . The West , unwilling to intervene militarily and incapable yet of forcing change diplomatically , watches with impotent rage . Al Qaeda , once enfeebled , looks on expectantly . Syria is now a homicidal theater for a proxy war between Saudi Arabia and Iran -- the Middle East 's Sunni and Shia powers . A dialogue between the two may do more to halt the fighting in Syria than negotiations between Assad and his Syrian adversaries operating from abroad . Washington 's energies are better spent in nudging the two rivals in that direction . More immediately , the United States ' ambition should be to end the violence . Rather than push for al-Assad 's departure , it should work toward obtaining a pragmatic power-sharing deal centered on reconciliation rather than regime change . Finally , it should press its allies in Saudi Arabia and Qatar to drop their support for radical Islamists . If not , the flames that are now devouring Syria may soon engulf the West . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kapil Komireddi .	Kapil Komireddi : In 2012 , from outside Syria , it seemed the regime would fall He says that proved mistaken ; military still backs Bashar al-Assad He says the U.S. goal of an al-Assad ouster is unrealistic He says U.S. should try to head off al Qaeda gains from Saudi backing of the opposition
CNN  -- From New York to Los Angeles and dozens of cities in between , protesters flooded the streets to denounce a Missouri grand jury 's decision not to indict Ferguson police Officer Darren Wilson . A day after the country learned that Wilson would n't face criminal charges for killing unarmed teenager Michael Brown , at least 130 protests sprouted up across the U.S. . Some demonstrations blocked bridges , tunnels and major highways . But unlike the violence that erupted in Ferguson on Monday night , the Tuesday night protests were largely peaceful . Atlanta The Public Enemy anthem pumping from mounted speakers at a protest in downtown Atlanta captured the mood of the crowd Tuesday night . "  Fight the power , " Chuck D and Flavor Flav shouted over the speaker . "  Fight the powers that be . ... " About 300 people tried to follow the duo 's advice . As helicopters circled above , black college students , white urban hipsters in skinny jeans , middle-aged socialists and black militants in berets gathered for a raucous rally to vent their anger . "  They have given us no justice ! We will give them no peace , " the demonstrators chanted at they amassed in front of the Underground Atlanta shopping district . Protesters also gathered outside CNN Center . Some held signs that read "  Enough " and "  We are all one bullet away from being a hashtag . " One demonstrator wore a T-shirt that read , "  Racism is n't over but I 'm over racism . " "  It 's a travesty ; it 's just not right , " ShaCzar Brown said , holding up a sign that said , "  Stop killer cops . " Atlanta , birthplace of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. , also saw emotional reaction Monday night when about 200 students gathered at Morehouse College to hear the grand jury 's decision . A collective gasp rippled through the crowd when it came . Read what Darren Wilson told the grand jury Some of the students at the historically black men 's school looked at one another in disbelief , others started to tear up and a few stared ahead as their jaws dropped . Police sirens wailed in the distance as the students chanted : "  Ferguson 's hell is America 's hell . " Protests have been organized in more than 30 states , the District of Columbia and at least three other countries , according to information compiled by CNN and a site set up to help organize protest efforts . Oakland , California Perhaps the greatest concentration of turmoil Tuesday night was in Oakland , where vandals smashed the windows of a car dealership and looted several businesses , including a T-Mobile cell phone store . Some also set several bonfires in the city . One row of bonfires stretched across a road , blocking off access , footage from CNN affiliate KPIX showed . Some people were seen adding more items to the fires . New York A massive protest wound its way from Union Square to FDR Drive and to the United Nations , Times Square and Harlem . "  Now it 's not clear where we 're going , " said CNN 's Miguel Marquez , who was interviewing protesters as they continued marching after midnight . One demonstrator said he did n't even know about the protest until he saw it pass by his workplace on Times Square . He decided to join in . "  I just want to help bring about change . ... Sometimes I am profiled based on my race , " said the protester , who is black . "  I think this is progress . ... Now we 're going to make sure things are going to change . " ' A thousand Fergusons across America ' As they marched , some protesters chanted , "  Mike Brown ! Mike Brown ! " Police , who were nearby in large numbers , stayed back and let the marchers go . Protesters also briefly blocked one of the entrances to the Lincoln Tunnel on Tuesday evening , but then headed off to the city 's West Side . Los Angeles A stretch of the 101 Freeway in Los Angeles was shut down in both directions after protesters took roadblocks from the streets , along with debris , and placed them on the freeway , police said . And demonstrators gathered outside the Los Angeles Police Department headquarters , Officer Sara Faden said . She said the protesters demonstrated peacefully . An LAPD spokesman said officers are allowing people to vent . "  We have detained people . We do n't have any property damage to speak of , " Officer Jack Richter said . "  We are letting  the people  exercise their constitutional rights . " Boston Mayor Marty Walsh estimated about 1,000 protesters took to the streets Tuesday night . The gathering was largely peaceful . "  It 's a beautiful thing to see , " demonstrator Daniel Jose Older said . Complete coverage of what 's happening in Ferguson Denver Several hundred people took to the streets of Denver on Tuesday night , police said . Officers tried to prevent demonstrators from marching onto Interstate 25 . Most protesters dispersed peacefully , but a "  small group " refused and grabbed officers . Officers used pepper spray , and three people were arrested , police said . Dallas About five protesters were arrested after marching on Interstate 35 , CNN affiliate WFAA said . About 200 demonstrators gathered at Dallas police headquarters before marching onto the interstate , the affiliate said . Washington In Washington , protesters lay down on a sidewalk outside police headquarters as if dead , according to a tweet by Nikki Burdine of CNN affiliate WUSA . Some had handwritten notes on their chests : "  Black lives matter . " Minneapolis A woman in a group blocking an intersection was run over by a car in Minneapolis . The Star Tribune newspaper reported that the driver of the car honked at protesters before knocking a few people onto the hood of the vehicle and apparently running over the woman 's legs . She was hospitalized with "  very minor injuries . " Chicago About 200 members of the Black Youth Project staged a sit-in outside Mayor Rahm Emanuel 's office Tuesday afternoon . They planned to be there for 28 hours . The time period symbolizes the average time that passes in America before another young black man is shot by a police officer , security guard or "  self-appointed vigilante , " project member Charlene Carruthers told the Chicago Tribune . "  I think what happened yesterday is a great injustice to everyone that 's been fighting for equality in this country , " one Chicago protester told WGN on Tuesday . "  And I think that just because a bad decision was made does n't mean people who believe in equality are going to fall silent . " CNN 's Jessica Ravitz , John Blake , Lorenza Brascia , Greg Morrison , Rob Frehse , Tina Burnside and Bill Kirkos contributed to this report .	Protests are largely peaceful , but Oakland , California , vandals broke windows , looted stores Part of the 101 Freeway in Los Angeles was shut down in both directions New York protester : "  Now we 're going to make sure things are going to change " Boston 's mayor estimates 1,000 people took to the streets Tuesday night
CNN  -- Five people died late Sunday in shootings at an apartment complex near Seattle , including the gunman who was shot by police , authorities said . A domestic dispute set off the events , said Brian Wilson , chief of police in Federal Way , Washington . A man got into a fight with a woman with whom he shared an apartment in the Pinewood apartment complex and fatally shot her , he said . The man then went to the parking lot of the apartment complex and fatally shot two men . The relationship between the gunman and the two victims in the lot is unclear , Wilson said . Wilson did not identify the gunman ; it was not clear why the identity was withheld . The gunman then returned to his apartment and retrieved a shotgun , he said . Neighbors who had heard the gunfire came into the hallway , and the gunman shot and killed one of those neighbors through an apartment door , Wilson said . Police intercepted the man on his way back to the parking lot , the police chief said . Police ordered the man to drop his weapon , but he refused , so the officers shot him , Wilson said . The man then dropped his weapon , continued to the parking lot and obtained another weapon . Police again ordered him to drop his weapon , he again refused , and police shot and killed him . Eight officers are on administrative leave , as is standard after officers fire at a suspect , Wilson said . The suspect had a valid concealed weapons permit , he said . When officers arrived at the scene in the city just south of Seattle , they could still hear gunfire , said police spokeswoman Cathy Schrock . They also saw two men lying wounded in a parking lot . No officers were injured . CNN 's Deanna Hackney contributed to this report .	NEW : Shooting in Federal Way , Washington , began with domestic dispute , police say NEW : Gunman killed four people before being fatally shot by police NEW : Ties between gunman , three of the victims are unclear , police chief says Shots were still being fired when officers arrived , police spokeswoman says
CNN  -- After a year where football 's name has been dragged through the mud by a series of racism controversies , UEFA has announced that players and officials will face a 10-match ban if found guilty of racist abuse . Following a meeting of UEFA 's executive committee in London Thursday , the European governing body confirmed the bans would apply to its own competitions , while other national associations remain free to decide on their own punishments . The new tougher sanction comes just over a week after the English Football Association drew criticism for its plans to introduce a minimum five-match suspension for racism . "  An association should adopt the same or similar measures . UEFA has always acted in a way to try to convince people rather than impose , " said UEFA general secretary Gianni Infantino at a press conference . "  I do n't think you measure the way of fighting against racism in one simple measure and sanction . "  The way I read the FA 's decision is that it could be five matches and it could also be 15 . The FA is sure their way of regulating is more correct for England . "  It 's their decision but it does n't mean they do more or less than us . Everyone has to do what they can do in this field . "  The FA is autonomous and knows best what is best for England to do in the fight against racism . It is probably one of the countries where the most has been done . " According to details released by UEFA , clubs and national side 's whose fans are found guilty of racist abuse will be punished with a partial stadium closure as a first offense , while a second offense will lead to a complete closure . Only last week , AC Milan striker Mario Balotelli told CNN that he was prepared to walk off the pitch if racially abused once again . The Italy striker was subjected to "  monkey chants " by visiting fans during Milan 's goalless draw with Roma at the San Siro . "  I always said that if it  racism  happened in the stadium I will just do like ` nobody says nothing and I do n't care , ' " Balotelli told CNN . "  But this time I think I 've changed my mind a little bit . If it 's going to happen one more time , then I 'm going to leave the pitch because it 's so stupid . " Balotelli is not the first player to have suffered racial abuse while playing for AC Milan -- one of the most revered clubs in Europe having won 18 league titles and seven European Cups . In January , midfielder Kevin Prince-Boateng walked off the pitch in disgust after being racially abused by a section of supporters during a friendly game at Pro Patria . Since then , UEFA has stated its intention to introduce stricter punishments for those found guilty of racism after being heavily criticized in the past for being too lenient . The new rules are intended to curb racism at clubs such as Italian club Lazio , which has been charged four times by UEFA so far this season , with the Italian side paying $ 300,000 in fines . Europe 's governing body also plans to introduce the implementation of biological passports for players in the future . Biological profiles are built up by collating an athlete 's drug test results over time , therefore making it easier to detect differences which could indicate the use of a banned substance . A new UEFA anti-doping program will also examine 900 samples given in the past five years to decipher whether steroids have been used . On Friday , UEFA is expected to announce changes to the Europa League with the winner set to be granted a place in the Champions League from 2015 . Meanwhile , Berlin 's Olympic Stadium will host the 2015 Champions League final , while Warsaw will welcome the finalists of the Europa League .	UEFA sets out punishments for clubs and nations whose fans are found guilty of racist abuse Member associations encouraged to follow similar steps Berlin 's Olympic Stadium to host Champions League final with Europa League final in Warsaw Winner of Europa League expected to receive place in the Champions League from 2015
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghan police have intercepted 41 children whom insurgents were planning to use as suicide bombers , an Interior Ministry spokesman said Tuesday . Four suspected insurgents were about to smuggle the children across the mountains into Pakistan from eastern Kunar province on Friday , said Sediq Seddiqi , the spokesman . "  We strongly believe that the children were being taken to Pakistan to be trained , brainwashed and sent back as Afghan enemies , " Seddiqi said . The children are aged between 6 and 11 , he said . Police handed the children back to their families after they were rescued in the Watapur district of Kunar province , he said . "  The insurgents cheat poor and ordinary Afghans and take away their children , " Seddiqi said . Afghan and foreign forces have arrested many would-be suicide bomber children in the past . Earlier this month Afghan forces rearrested two children in Kandahar province on suspicion of planning to be suicide bombers . The two were from a group of would-be suicide bombers who were pardoned by President Hamid Karzai last summer , according to a press statement from the Kandahar governor 's office . They had gone to Quetta , Pakistan , to get more training before being sent back to Afghanistan for suicide attacks , the statement said .	Four suspected insurgents were trying to smuggle 41 children abroad , officials say Police suspect the 41 children were going for suicide-bomber training They have been returned to their families , the Interior Ministry says It 's not the first time police have caught children trying to be suicide bombers
CNN  -- I am a product of the "  The Black Church . " It shaped me into who I am today : a Christian pastor aware of God 's amazing grace and love . When I announced I was gay , the church limited that grace and love . Although I had no doubt that God loved me , I discovered that God 's love and the church 's love can be two different things . To be Christian is to be inclusive of people who love one another . This is why I support same-sex marriage . As a pastor , I have counseled countless heterosexual and homosexual couples , and have observed that no matter the race , background or sexual orientation of the couple , a healthy relationship requires commitment , genuine respect and mutual love . Though my partner and I had a commitment ceremony in 2003 , and obtained a marriage license this past July in Washington D.C. , we learned that marriage is more than our religious convictions and our commitment , but also about laws that will protect us . Marriage equality is not about religious rights , but the right to equal benefits . At the end of 2003 , the U.S. Government Accountability Office identified 1,138 federal provisions where marital status is a factor in determining or receiving benefits , rights and privileges . These include next-of-kin hospital visits and medical decisions where one partner is too ill to be competent ; automatic inheritance in the absence of a will and inheritance of jointly owned real and personal property through the right of survivorship . These benefits allow all marriages access to the social and emotional supports that can produce healthy families and communities . I affirm the role of religion in our society . But no matter how powerful religion is , in the United States , the laws of the church and the laws of the government are intentionally separate . Another view from the pulpit : Same-sex marriages will hurt families In 1968 , 73 percent of Americans disapproved of marriage between blacks and whites . Then , it was argued that interracial marriage would hurt families and dismantle societal structures . In 1967 , the Supreme court ended race-based restrictions on marriage in Loving vs. Virginia . Today , support of interracial marriage is stronger than it has ever been . So is support of same-sex marriage . Like interracial couples , gay couples are seeking equality under the law , asking their government for these rights , not individuals , or religious bodies . If same-sex marriage is about love and religion is about love , then in this debate , love must go both ways . We must not be hateful in our disagreements over marriage . Verbal and emotional abuse should have no place in our sacred places of worship . The pulpit should not be used as a place of abuse even if one disagrees with same-sex marriage . Jesus never mentioned homosexuality in his 33 years of life . But in Mark 12:31 , he did emphasize , " ... thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself . There is none other commandment greater than these . " The apostle Paul said : "  Be kindly affectionate one to another with brotherly love ; in honor preferring one another . " I wonder what the debate over same-sex-marriage would be like if we applied this basic scripture ? True equality can begin when we see others as we see ourselves . I believe there is room to disagree , but just because we do n't agree on my legal rights does not mean I am not entitled to them . The gay community must also learn how to love those who disagree with them . If heterosexual couples and gay couples could see their commonality , equality would not just be the law of the land , but it could be a new law for humanity that governs our fragile future . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of O.C. Allen .	O.C. Allen says he is a product of "  The Black Church , " which helped shape him into a pastor When he announced he was gay , he found that God 's love and the church 's love can differ He and partner married ; he says he realized marriage about right to equal benefits under law Allen : Gay and heterosexual couples must see their commonality
CNN  -- Isabel Capuano was on a flight to Florida when she looked out the window and saw a piece of the aircraft fly off . At first , it appeared to be a piece of an engine cover lifting up . Then , "  the whole thing just tore off and flew into the air , " she told CNN affiliate WLS in Chicago . The engine was exposed . "  I wanted to get off of it right away . " The Spirit Airlines flight out of O'Hare airport , en route to Fort Lauderdale Saturday morning , made an emergency landing back at O'Hare . "  Shortly after takeoff , a passenger observed an engine cowling on the right side had left the aircraft , " said Elizabeth Cory , spokeswoman for the Federal Aviation Administration . "  We are actively investigating to confirm the specifics of what happened and the cause , " Spirit Airlines spokeswoman Misty Pinson said . "  We are currently inspecting the aircraft and the right engine cowlings that were recovered on airport property . " Passengers were booked on other flights or offered refunds .	An engine cover flew off after takeoff The Spirit Airlines filght made an emergency landing It took off from and landed at Chicago 's O'Hare airport The flight was supposed to go to Fort Lauderdale
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- For the war-beaten orphans of the northern Iraqi city of Tikrit , this big old shoe fits . A monument to a shoe thrown at former President Bush is unveiled at the Tikrit Orphanage complex . A huge sculpture of the footwear hurled at President Bush in December during a trip to Iraq has been unveiled in a ceremony at the Tikrit Orphanage complex . Assisted by children at the home , sculptor Laith al-Amiri erected a brown replica of one of the shoes hurled at Bush and Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki by journalist Muntadhir al-Zaidi during a press conference in Baghdad . Al-Zaidi was jailed for his actions , and a trial is pending . But his angry gesture touched a defiant nerve throughout the Arab and Muslim world . He is regarded by many people as a hero . Demonstrators in December took to the streets in the Arab world and called for his release . The shoe monument , made of fiberglass and coated with copper , consists of the shoe and a concrete base . The entire monument is 3.5 meters  11.5 feet  high . The shoe is 2.5 meters  8.2 feet  long and 1.5 meters  4.9 feet  wide . The orphans helped al-Amiri build the $ 5,000 structure -- unveiled Tuesday -- in 15 days , said Faten Abdulqader al-Naseri , the orphanage director . "  Those orphans who helped the sculptor in building this monument were the victims of Bush 's war , " al-Naseri said . "  The shoe monument is a gift to the next generation to remember the heroic action by the journalist . " "  When the next generation sees the shoe monument , they will ask their parents about it , " al-Naseri said . "  Then their parents will start talking about the hero Muntadhir al-Zaidi , who threw his shoe at George W. Bush during his unannounced farewell visit . " Saddam Hussein , the former Iraqi leader toppled by the United States in 2003 , was from the Tikrit region . Al-Zaidi marked his 30th birthday in jail earlier this month . One of his brothers said he is "  in good health and is being treated well . " Al-Zaidi 's employer , TV network al-Baghdadia , keeps a picture of him at the top left side of the screen with a calendar showing the number of days he has spent in detention . The network has been calling for his release . By tradition , throwing a shoe is the most insulting act in the Arab world . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	Fiberglass , copper sculpture of shoe thrown at former President Bush unveiled Orphans help artist build the $ 5,000 sculpture displayed at the orphanage Director : Monument is a gift to next generation to remember heroic action Orphans who helped build shoe "  were the victims of Bush 's war , " director says
CNN  -- Cuban state media released a message from Fidel Castro , the first communique said to be from the ex-leader since speculation over his health reached a fever pitch last week . There were no new images of Castro , 86 , released Wednesday . He has not been seen publicly since March , when he met with Pope Benedict XVI during the pontiff 's visit to Cuba . Castro 's usually frequent newspaper columns and musings suddenly ended in June . But his silence after the re-election of close ally Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez in October prompted many of his opponents to wonder whether Castro was again ailing or perhaps dead . "  The comandante is well , following his daily routine , reading , exercising , " Alex Castro , one of Castro 's sons , told Cuban state media after the reports of his ill health . Still , a barrage of postings on Twitter and other social media had Castro at death 's door . Castro never fully recovered after a botched surgery for a still unknown intestinal illness in 2006 . Two years later , his brother Raul Castro officially succeeded him . In the message on Wednesday , Castro reportedly congratulated doctors graduating from a Cuban medical institute on the 50th anniversary of the institute 's founding . The message mentioned the 50th anniversary this week of the Cuban missile crisis and the exodus of physicians from Cuba after the 1959 revolution . On Tuesday , the Cuban government announced the lifting of some restrictions for Cubans traveling abroad . Cuban government eases travel restrictions	Long silence from Fidel Castro had fueled speculation about his health Son Alex : "  The comandante is well , following his daily routine " There were no new images of Castro , 86 , released Wednesday Castro reportedly congratulated doctors graduating from a Cuban medical institute
New York  CNN  -- As an 8 a.m. ferry made its final maneuvers across the Hudson River , Ashley Furman clutched her hand-bag and made small talk with other commuters . Then it all went black . When she woke up , the 26-year-old New Jersey native was in pain and on the floor with the wind knocked out of her , about six feet from where she had been standing . "  It felt like an elephant landed on me , " she said . The high-speed ferry that serves as Furman 's normal commute slammed into a Lower Manhattan pier near Wall Street around 8:45 a.m. Wednesday . Scores were left bloodied and writhing in agony as emergency crews rushed to the scene . "  Once I was able to catch my breath , I got up and it was very scary , " Furman said . Packed with 326 passengers and five crew members , the vessel tossed people like rag dolls as it slammed to a halt , flinging those aboard into the air and against walls , seats and windows , according to several witnesses . "  I saw a lot of bleeding heads with white bandages  and  a lot of people strapped to boards , " said passerby Julie Westfall . "  It felt like we were in a car crash , " said passenger Elizabeth Banta , who watched in horror as medical personnel began triage on at least 85 injured people . Two were initially listed in critical condition as emergency crews rushed the wounded on stretchers to hospitals . But by Wednesday evening , authorities said only one person 's condition remained critical . It was not immediately clear what caused the crash . The National Transportation Safety Board deployed a team to the scene and planned to more fully undertake their investigation on Thursday . As the vessel approached Manhattan 's Pier 11 , witnesses said , unsuspecting commuters had gotten up from their seats and packed closer to the ferry exits and atop stairwells -- a typical occurrence at the end of their 40-minute commute . But the perches may have magnified the effects of the crash , as passengers careened down stairwells and against windows . "  We know that they hit the pier at a relatively high rate of speed , " said U.S. Coast Guard Capt. Gordon Loebl , who estimated that the boat had been traveling at about 14 knots , or 16 mph . Furman said the vessel seemed to be "  going pretty fast for a boat that was supposed to be docking . " After the crash , the front of the ship bore a large gash . The ferry , privately operated by Seastreak , provides daily service between Atlantic Highlands and Highlands in New Jersey to piers in Lower Manhattan . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with those that were injured , " Seastreak LLC said in a written statement , adding that it would work with authorities to determine the cause . Thirty-one people were transported to New York 's Bellevue Hospital . Of those , all were considered non-critical and were expected to be released Wednesday . This is not the first time this vessel has been involved in a crash . Coast Guard records indicate that the same Seastreak ferry in 2009 slammed into a New Jersey dock and tore a 2 - to 3-foot gash in the starboard bow of the vessel . A year later , a collision with a dock pile punctured a hole in the port side of the same boat . Wednesday 's crash also drew comparisons to an unrelated 2010 incident when a ferry with mechanical problems crashed into the Staten Island Ferry terminal , injuring 36 people . That ferry was the same vessel involved in an October 2003 crash that killed 11 people and injured 42 , considered one of the worst ferry accidents in New York 's recent history . CNN 's Chris Boyette , Alison Kosik and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	NEW : The U.S. Coast Guard says 85 people were injured in the crash , 1 critically "  Several people were thrown into the air and onto the ground , " a passenger says The Seastreak ferry travels between New Jersey and Pier 11 near Wall Street
CNN  -- Google will kick off its annual I/O developers ' conference Wednesday in San Francisco , but CEO Larry Page wo n't be speaking there . He also was a no-show at Thursday 's annual stockholders meeting and is expected to miss the company 's quarterly earnings call next month . Left to explain Page 's unexpected absence at the shareholder 's meeting , Google Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt told attendees that Page had "  lost his voice " and "  ca n't do any public speaking engagements for the time being . " In an e-mail to employees the same day , Page wrote , "  there is nothing seriously wrong with me , " a person familiar with the matter told the Wall Street Journal . The company issued a statement Thursday saying , "  Larry has lost his voice . This means he ca n't do any public speaking engagements for the time being , including today 's shareholder meeting , I/O next week and our earnings call in mid July . "  Larry will , of course , continue to run the company and he will be involved in all the strategic business decisions we make . " There is no evidence that Page , who has long been reluctant to speak in public , is seriously ill . But four days later , Google has had nothing else to say on the matter , and analysts and bloggers are getting restless . News sites have speculated about Page 's "  mystery Illness , " and Google 's stock has been trending down since late last week . "  We have no specific reason to think there is anything more to Larry 's condition , but we find it odd that the company would already rule him out of the 2Q call , which is likely still a few weeks away , " said Doug Anmuth , an analyst at JP Morgan . "  We think this could raise some questions among investors . " CNNMoney : Where 's Page ? Investors deserve to know "  We have absolutely no idea what is going on , " said CNNMoney 's assistant managing editor , Paul R. La Monica , in a video report Monday . "  We can only hope that it 's nothing serious , maybe just a really bad case of laryngitis , and he 's under doctor 's orders not to speak . " Observers point out that while Page 's health may be a private matter , Google is a publicly traded company . "  There should n't be any mystery  here  , " La Monica added . "  Google should own up to whatever it is . ... It could stop , maybe , any rumors from going around . " The health of a tech giant 's CEO may bear extra scrutiny at a time Silicon Valley is still recovering from the death last fall of Apple chief Steve Jobs . Many investors and others criticized Apple for failing to disclose details about Jobs ' condition . Page , 39 , is one of Google 's two co-founders and took over as CEO last year after Schmidt became chairman . "  Not being able to speak hardly puts someone on the same path as Steve Jobs , nor does it keep him from making key decisions or pointing his company in the right direction . It 's also possible the full extent of what 's ailing him is n't known , " wrote Jena McGregor on Monday in the Washington Post . But "  more specific information could calm any rattled nerves of investors , keep customers from worrying , and stop remote diagnoses from being offered in the press , " she added . "  More than likely , the matter would cease to be an issue : Everyone would say "  get well soon , " and move on . "	Google CEO Larry Page "  lost his voice , " wo n't be speaking at company 's conference this week But Google has offered few details , leading to speculation about "  mystery illness " Some analysts and tech reporters have criticized the company 's silence on the matter
CNN  -- A jury in Kentucky Friday night acquitted 17-year-old Joshua Young in the beating death of his stepbrother , Trey Zwicker , two years ago . Young also was found not guilty of tampering with evidence . Josh Gouker , Young 's father , pleaded guilty to murder in Zwicker 's death , and was sentenced on July 26 to life in prison . But prosecutors said Young worked with Gouker to beat Zwicker as the teen suffocated in the mud of a ditch behind a Kentucky high school . "  Trey Zwicker was brutally murdered at age 14 ... because Josh Gouker is a control freak and because Josh Young wanted to impress him , " prosecutor Elizabeth Brown told the jury in Jefferson County Circuit Court during Friday 's closing arguments . She said Gouker was upset with Zwicker 's mother after she aborted Gouker 's unborn child , and he wanted revenge . Jurors could have found Young guilty of murder whether they believed he acted alone or with someone else . The tampering with evidence charge accused Young of throwing away clothes and a bloody bat after the murder . Before deliberations began , Brown told jurors not to feel sorry for the defendant because he 's young or because he had a bad father or a bad life . "  You can not let sympathy add reasonable doubt , " Brown said . "  He was not coerced into doing this . He bragged about it , laughed about it . " Leslie Smith , delivering the closing argument Friday for the defense , turned the spotlight on Gouker . She called him a "  jerk " without a conscience and described him as a master manipulator who killed Zwicker alone . "  Do you really think he involved anybody else at all to carry out this horrible crime , " Smith said . Smith also told jurors that the only reason investigators looked at Young is because of Gouker , who "  duped the police and then he duped them again and then he duped everybody . He 's good at it , he 's just good at it . " Smith closed her argument by questioning why Young is even on trial . "  Why are we here ? Send this kid home -- wherever that 's going to be . Just send him home , " she said . Young wiped his eyes and his nose as he exited the courtroom during a short break between the attorneys ' closing arguments . The jury in Louisville deliberated for about eight hours before returning its verdicts . Complete coverage of the trial on HLNtv.com . InSession 's Jackie Damico contributed to this report .	NEW : The jury finds Joshua Young not guilty in the beating death of his stepbrother Young , 17 , was accused of joining his father in killing Trey Zwicker His father earlier pleaded guilty to murder in Zwicker 's death Jurors could have found Young guilty of murder whether they believed he acted alone or not
The Frisky  -- Here are some things that it 's okay to lie about : "  I can totally do a headstand in yoga class . " 1 . The number of sexual partners you 've had plus or minus five 2 . That you totally just washed your hands 3 . That the reason for your bags is not , in fact , that you were out late partying but that you were up late reading "  Twilight " 4 . That you 're naturally toned 5 . How much you paid for that  ridiculously cheap  pair of shoes 6 . How much you paid for that  ridiculously expensive  bag 7 . That you 're not planning on seeing "  Marley & Me " 8 . That your favorite magazine is , duh , The New Yorker 9 . That you can not do a headstand in yoga class 10 . That you made that lasagna yourself 11 . Your height and weight on your driver 's license 12 . That this is your natural hair color 13 . That you totally read "  The Feminine Mystique " and it changed your life 14 . That you stayed at work a full hour after your boss left 15 . That you did n't just fart right now 16 . That you do n't know all the lyrics to "  I 'll Make Love To You " by Boyz II Men 17 . That of course you floss every day , Dr. Smith ! 18 . That you never ever , ever look at so-and-so 's Facebook page ! 19 . That you just love your friend 's boyfriend/husband 20 . That you really adore that pink sweater and thanks so much Grandma ! 21 . That you always recycle 22 . That you had only one glass of wine last night not five because that would be excessive 23 . That your current boyfriend is totally the best sex of your life 24 . That you 're not the jealous type 25 . That you read all sections of the paper , not just the Style and Entertainment sections TM & © 2009 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	You can lie about your height and weight on your driver 's license Tell people you made the lasagna yourself Feel free to lie about your natural hair color -- or your eye color Of course you do n't know all the lyrics to "  I 'll Make Love To You " by Boyz II Men
CNN  -- OK , there 's no way to write this article without name dropping . To cut to the chase , I know Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert , and you do n't . I used to work for "  The Daily Show " and "  The Colbert Report " as the audience warm-up act . Not a bad day job . But knowing the hosts did n't mean I got to parade on stage at Saturday 's "  Rally to Restore Sanity and/or Fear . " I was in the audience with the thousands of fans , reporting on the events for CNN . But the audience was where the real spectacle unfolded this weekend . Stewart , Colbert preside over rally In a lot of ways , the people congregating on the National Mall looked just like the people I used to perform for back at "  The Daily Show " and "  The Colbert Report . " Black , white , Hispanic , old , young -- every race , every ethnicity and every age group was represented in the sea of fans . The unifying characteristic , however , was that they were overwhelmingly thoughtful and hilarious Americans . They appreciate good comedy and political satire . And they know how to create it themselves . That was made was obvious in the signs they carried . "  God Hates Nags , " "  Hitler was a total Nazi " and the mundane but humorous "  this is not a protest sign . " And like all good comedy shows , everyone sported a smile . Humor brought everyone together . In the days to come , there will be some commentators questioning whether Stewart and Colbert crossed the line from comedians to political commentators . In all honesty , I 'd say , yeah , I think they did make a political stance at the rally . The fact is comedy is an art form . And comedians are artists . People at rally : No Tea please You ca n't be passionate about something and not have some part of yourself and your beliefs shine through . The message Stewart and Colbert were peddling came through loud and clear . As Jon said : "  We live now in hard times . Not ` end times . ' " Whatever your politics , I think everyone can agree that taking a step back and approaching our nation 's problems rationally and sanely is the only way solve them . And we have to do it together . As difficult as that might sound , we have to learn more about the issues we all care so passionately about . And then we have to have a civil conversation . Without fear , and without insanity .	CNN 's Pete Dominick once worked with Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert Dominick was n't talking to his pals ; he was out Saturday observing folks attending rally Dominick finds that a good sense of humor is what attendees had in common Funny signs he spotted : "  God Hates Nags , " "  Hitler was a total Nazi "
CNN  -- Fighting has prompted thousands of people in the southern part of Sudan 's Darfur region to seek security and shelter at a refugee camp in the northern part of the war-torn area , according to the United Nations . A member of the Justice and Equality Movement  JEM  stands guard near the Sudan-Chad border in 2007 . The U.N. 's Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs  OCHA  reported that fighting in Muhajeria and Shearia between Sudanese government forces , and the rebel Justice and Equality Movement  JEM  , drove over 15,000 people north to the Zam Zam camp . The water supply to the camp is becoming strained with displaced people arriving there every day , OCHA said Wednesday . The government of Sudan has waged a brutal counter-insurgency against militias for the past six years , a war that some international critics have characterized as genocide . An estimated 300,000 people in the western Sudanese region have been killed through combat , disease or malnutrition , according to the United Nations . An additional 2.7 million people have been forced to flee their homes because of fighting among rebels , government forces and the violent Janjaweed militias . Fighting continues in the region despite the JEM and local government signing a "  goodwill and confidence-building " agreement earlier in February , according to the U.N. . The U.N.-African Union allied peacekeeping mission  UNAMID  will begin building a new community police center near Zam Zam in the next two weeks , the U.N. announced Saturday . The violence in Darfur erupted in 2003 after rebels began an uprising against the Sudanese government . To counter the rebels , Sudanese authorities armed and cooperated with Arab militias that went from village to village in Darfur , killing , torturing and raping residents there , according to the United Nations , Western governments and human rights organizations . The militias targeted civilian members of tribes from which the rebels drew strength . Last year , Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir was charged with genocide by the International Criminal Court for the government 's campaign of violence in Darfur . Under pressure to end the fighting , Al-Bashir in November agreed to an immediate and unconditional cease-fire in Darfur . But the rebel Justice and Equality Movement was not included in the case-fire talks . CNN 's Katy Byron contributed to this report .	Refugees seek security and shelter at refugee camp in north Darfur Darfur government has waged counter-insurgency war against militias for six years Darfur violence erupted in 2003 after rebel uprising against Sudanese government
CNN  -- The United States has a dignity problem . The concept of dignity is recognized by law in countries all over the world . It is a cornerstone of both international humanitarian law , which governs the treatment of prisoners of war , and international human rights law . But it has little power in American jurisprudence . A robust recognition and protection of dignity is precisely what we need , particularly if we are to understand how racism has broken its tether and become enshrined again in state laws and policies across the United States . Take racial profiling -- the single most explicit manifestation of racial prejudice in the United States today . Nearly 700,000 individuals a year are subject to the brutal indignity of the New York Police Department 's stop-and-frisk policy . The vast majority are young African-American and Latino men . In a New York Times op-ed in December , 23-year-old Nicholas Peart heart-rendingly described his initiation into the world of stop-and-frisk beginning at age 14 . This rite of passage for innocent young black men requires submitting without complaint or question to being harassed and targeted by the police . Even showing an "  attitude " can escalate encounters into an arrest or even death . Stop-and-frisk policing is only one aspect of the national indignity of racial profiling . Police surveillance of law-abiding Muslims  here again the New York police play a central role  and the pulling over of motorists for "  driving while black " are two others . Rather than recognize how these practices strike at our bedrock constitutional rights to due process , equal protection and freedom from unreasonable searches , the Supreme Court recently doubled down on racial profiling . It decided that the discretion of police may be complemented by the discretion of jail officials to strip-search the 14 million Americans who are arrested each year . In this way , the conservative majority on the court is turning back the clock on the greatest successes of the civil rights movement -- the understanding that the Civil War amendments to the Constitution were designed to uphold the inherent dignity of blacks as human beings and citizens . Even more alarming and insidious is the court 's ability to provide legal support for racial profiling without ever mentioning race . In key , high-profile cases in which racial profiling was either explicitly or implicitly at the core of the complaint , the conservative majority simply ignores the racial implications of sweeping decisions that leave racial minorities subject to arbitrary law enforcement practices . Opinion : A jury 's race can deny justice In 2010 in Ashcroft v. Iqbal , a case brought by a Pakistani man who argued that racial and religious profiling after 9/11 resulted in his arrest and mistreatment in jail in New York , the court raised the standard for complainants in civil cases . It insisted that plaintiffs must show before discovery that their claim appears plausible to a trial judge . The court expressed confidence in the "  common sense and experience " of trial judges to know a plausible discrimination claim when they hear one . The court also found it implausible that federal law enforcement officials might have engaged in racial profiling after 9/11 . In 2011 in Connick v. Thompson , the court held that a black man railroaded by the district attorney 's office in New Orleans and convicted of a murder he did not commit could not recover a judgment in a civil rights action he brought and won after serving 14 years on death row . Just a month ago in Florence v. Board of Chosen Freeholders , the court held that jail officials were legally entitled to strip-search an African-American businessman , Albert Florence , twice after he was wrongly arrested and held for a week in two New Jersey jails . In each case , the conservative majority never once addressed the racial context or racial implications of their decisions . The court appears poised to do the same next month in the case involving Arizona immigration law , which gives local police the right to demand proof of citizenship from people they suspect are here illegally . This is at bottom a license for nationwide racial profiling under the guise of immigration enforcement and state 's rights . Perhaps this is why Chief Justice John Roberts insisted on limiting the parameters of the case by stating at the outset of the solicitor general 's argument , "  I 'd like to clear up what  this case is  not about . No part of your argument has to do with racial or ethnic profiling . " The meek acquiescence of the solicitor general to this judicial bullying was a failure of colossal proportions . The conservative majority may have the power to legalize racial profiling in this country , but they should not be permitted to pretend that this is not precisely what they are doing . This is precisely why we need a more robust and coherent understanding of how the concept of dignity underlies key provisions of our Constitution . Although the Constitution does not include an explicit right to dignity , as one scholar has recently explained , the Supreme Court has long invoked dignity interests in its decisions . Civil rights lawyers , scholars and activists need to remind the court and our nation about the centrality of dignity to our core constitutional protections . Without this understanding , this court will continue unchecked until racial minorities in this country find themselves once again in a posture of abject indignity before the irrational policies of the state . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sherrilyn A. Ifill .	Sherrilyn Ifill : Recognition of dignity crucial to grasping how racism cropping up in laws Ifill : Examples of profiling include stop-and-frisk policy , post-9 / 11 Muslim surveillance She says Supreme Court has left racial consideration out of rulings when it 's clearly relevant Ifill : Several rulings appear to make racial profiling part of law , and courts should admit it
Joshua Wong , the most prominent of Hong Kong 's student protest leaders , alleged he was assaulted by police who used excessive force -- including repeatedly grabbing his genitals -- during his arrest at pro-democracy demonstrations . Wong , 18 , made the claims after appearing in court Thursday charged with obstructing officers clearing a protest site in the city 's Mong Kok district the day earlier . Wong 's lawyer , Michael Vidler , told CNN his client had been "  clearly targeted by police . " "  Excessive force was used and he was assaulted while he was on the ground , " said Vidler . "  Police kicked and punched him and effectively sexually assaulted him -- his private parts were grabbed repeatedly and painfully . We 're considering our next steps and will decide over the next few days how to proceed . " READ MORE : Who is Joshua Wong ? Glasses gone Footage of Wong 's arrest shows the teenager being suddenly rushed by a man wearing a police vest , then forcefully dragged away and disappearing beneath a huddle of police officers . Wong , who had earlier been filmed in heated but non-violent exchanges with people clearing the road of barricades , later tweeted he had lost his signature glasses during the arrest . In response to Wong 's claims , police issued a statement saying that if anyone believed they had been treated unfairly by police , they could take action through the Complaints Against Police Office . Vidler said Hong Kong police were displaying "  increasingly brutal " behavior as the protests entered their third month . "  People are learning the other side of the Hong Kong police and it 's not an attractive side , " he said . Seven Hong Kong police officers were arrested this week for an alleged assault at a pro-democracy protest in October , in which officers were filmed apparently punching and kicking a demonstrator on a side street . The alleged victim , a social worker and member of the 1,200-strong election committee that currently chooses Hong Kong 's leader , was photographed with facial bruising and numerous welts on his back in the wake of the incident . READ MORE : Hong Kong police arrested for alleged assault on protester Pelted with eggs Wong was granted bail Thursday , along with two other prominent protest leaders arrested in the efforts to clear the Mong Kok site -- Lester Shum , of the Hong Kong Federation of Students , and Leung Kwok-hung , an activist and lawmaker known as "  Long Hair . " The trio was released under the condition they steer clear of parts of Mong Kok , and their cases will be heard in January . Speaking to reporters after his court appearance , Wong denied the charge against him , saying he had had no physical conflict with officials working to clear the protest site . Following his remarks , he was pelted with eggs by members of the public . Police said two men , aged 26 and 32 , had been arrested and charged with common assault over the incident . After his court appearance , Shum also told reporters he had been violently arrested , and complained that the bail restriction banning him from parts of Mong Kok was unreasonable , as the Federation of Students ' office was in the district . Scores arrested The protest leaders were among nearly 200 people arrested in Mong Kok since police began a major operation Tuesday to clear two main thoroughfares in the district of protesters . Standoffs between police and protesters continued throughout the week into Friday night , when 28 people were arrested for charges including unlawful assembly , assaulting police , possessing an offensive weapon and hindering police officers , police said . Protesters calling for universal suffrage have occupied camps around the semi-autonomous Chinese territory for two months , including a main protest site outside government buildings in Admiralty on Hong Kong Island . They want to be able to nominate candidates for the election of the city 's chief executive in 2017 ; China 's central government has said they 'll be able to vote only for candidates approved by a pro-Beijing committee . Mong Kok has been the site of some of the most violent clashes of a predominantly peaceful protest movement . Authorities began clearing the streets of barricades and shelters Tuesday in accordance with court injunctions obtained by local business interests , following complaints that the protests have disrupted commercial life in the city . The operation sparked occasionally heated clashes with protesters , and prompted threats by demonstrators to reoccupy the site . ` Abandon Mong Kok ' But on Friday morning , Wong called for protesters in Mong Kok to relocate at the other protest sites in Admiralty and Causeway Bay instead . In comments to a local radio station , he said the protest movement lacked the manpower to occupy three sites , and cited concerns about police enforcement in Mong Kok . As well as the alleged use of excessive force during protests , police have used a pepper spray-like solution in confrontations with protesters . In tweets , Wong also called on fellow protesters to continue their fight . "  I ask my friends not to surrender . We still have a chance to battle once more , " he wrote . On Thursday , a spokeswoman for the Hong Kong Federation of Students , Yvonne Leung , indicated the group might also shift its focus to government buildings in order to build pressure against the city 's leaders . "  I think we have made it very clear that if they -LSB- the police -RSB- continue the violent way of clearing up the place , we will have further actions , " Leung told public broadcaster Radio Television Hong Kong  RTHK  . "  The further actions include a possibility of some escalations pointed at government-related buildings or some of the government-related departments . " Following the clearance of the Mong Kok thoroughfares , Hong Kong Chief Executive C. Y. Leung urged people to return to the busy commercial precinct to go shopping , RTHK reported .	Hong Kong protest leader Joshua Wong accuses police of excessive force against him He says he was kicked , punched and his genitals grabbed during his arrest Wong was charged with obstructing officers clearing the Mong Kok protest site Student leaders are now calling on protesters to focus on two other protest sites in the city
CNN  -- Known for his outspoken , unapologetic support of migrants in Mexico , the Rev. Alejandro Solalinde is bringing his message to the United States . The priest is part of a caravan of migrants and their supporters traveling from Los Angeles to Washington to push for immigration reform . In Mexico , Solalinde has criticized the government , and even the Catholic Church , saying that both can be more compassionate to migrants . His views are shaped by the years he has spent leading a migrant shelter in Oaxaca that offers support to Central Americans who embark on the dangerous route north by clinging to trains . A number of threats last year led to his leaving his post , located in Ixtepec , in the southern state of Oaxaca , but he has since returned . "  I do n't know how to live with fear , " Solalinde told CNN . Immigration issues must be tackled both at the source and the destination of the migrants , he said . In the United States , Solalinde says he wants to include more voices in the debate . "  Not just the voice of the north , but the voice of the south , the voice of the poor , the voice of the migrants . " The 68-year-old , wearing a white button-down shirt , cream-colored vest , thin glasses and a cross necklace , admits that he believes his opinion will have little sway . With so much money and political interests at play , the voice of a Mexican priest is likely to get drowned out , he said . But Solalinde is undeterred . The caravan 's participants are lobbying for a path to citizenship , a stop to the separation of families , and greater attention to the human cost of immigration policies . The priest says he is not advocating a certain policy , but wants to raise consciousness about the issue . An immigration bill currently pending in the Senate commits additional resources to southern border security and establishes a new system of metrics to measure border control effectiveness , but critics insist the plan is full of holes and will ultimately do little to help stem to the tide of illegal immigration . While claiming to strengthen the border , the legislation also would create a 13-year path to citizenship for most undocumented immigrants while bringing dramatic change to labor policy on America 's farms . U.S. tactics like a border wall and restrictive immigration policies do nothing other than drive up the price that smugglers charge to sneak people across the border , he said . At the migrant shelter in Oaxaca , Solalinde says he sees constant suffering , but also constant hope in the people who pass by . During his brief exile from the shelter , Solalinde spent a month in Europe followed by some weeks of reflection in Jalisco state before returning to Oaxaca . After doing much reading and writing during his time away , the priest said he returned with a deeper commitment for acting now , for helping migrants today , he said . "  Each day god gives me the grace to be happy , he provides strength , but at the end of the day my heart hurts , it tires emotionally , " he said . CNN 's Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	The Rev. Alejandro Solalinde is well known in Mexico for his migrant shelter He is now advocating for immigration reform in the United States Solalinde wants other voices to be heard in the debate He has continued to work in Mexico despite threats
CNN  -- Just hours before the first full-scale concert of her current tour , Bonnie Raitt stood high above the stage and reflected on the job she 's held for more than four decades . "  I think it 's as important to enjoy recording and being on the road as much as we do or otherwise I 'd be crazy after 42 years to still be schlepping around in a bus , " she said . While Raitt has performed on and off since 2005 , she put her recording career on hold for seven years to deal with the deaths of her parents and her older brother as well as other issues . "  The time that I really was off I wanted to literally be off , not thinking of what my next project was going to be , " Raitt recalled . But after a while , the passion Raitt displays in her music began to fill her again . "  I got my appetite back for it , and I started going to gigs and really missing it , " she said , later elaborating , "  I wanted to take that break so I would miss it enough . " As much as Raitt missed her time off from work , her fans missed her . They 've been letting the Rock and Roll Hall of Famer know it , packing concerts and propelling "  Slipstream , " her first album in seven years , into Billboard 's top 10 . As Raitt 's albums typically do , "  Slipstream " contains mostly cover songs . Not that she is averse to original material . Dating back to her eponymous 1971 debut , Raitt has written her fair share of music . But the woman who Rolling Stone named as one of the 100 best guitarists and 100 best singers ever is better known as an interpreter of other songwriters ' output . Raitt said when she 's looking for the perfect tunes to record , she relies on a lot of research , hard work and luck . " -LSB- I -RSB- ask my friends -- other musicians I respect -- who they 're listening to that 's kind of under the radar in their town , in their area , " she said . "  I call people in Ireland and Australia , and go back and listen to my old CDs , and vinyl . It 's really hunt and peck . Some of the ones I 've had for a while , and I 'm thinking about waiting for which record will work . " The first single off of "  Slipstream " is a cover of the late Gerry Rafferty 's 1978 hit "  Right Down the Line . " Raitt attributed that selection to "  one of those magical moments . " " -LSB- I was -RSB- walking around in a mall or you know , in a restaurant , and that 's how I found the Gerry Rafferty song again . I remembered how much I loved it , " she said . Raitt said she chose to recast "  Right Down the Line " as "  a kind of tougher reggae song . " It 's not the first time she 's put a definitive spin on someone else 's hit . Raitt redefined Del Shannon 's signature hit "  Runaway , " and some fans have noted that John Prine 's beloved "  Angel From Montgomery , " which Raitt still plays during her concerts , seems like it was written for her . Despite nine Grammys and several other accolades , Raitt 's remains humble onstage and off . Before her show , Raitt joked about her age , noting she needs two pairs of glasses -- one for distance and one for reading . She added that when it comes to the latter , she gets cheap ones from the drugstore : "  They 're just as good . " On stage , she good-naturedly brushed off a marriage proposal from the crowd  "  If you only knew ! Thanks for offering "  , consistently shined the spotlight on her longtime touring band and even played the sideman , letting new keyboardist Mike Finnegan sing a song toward the end of the main set . Raitt protested that she has n't had that many hits  "  That would be daunting if you had like 30 and you had to do most of them all the time . It would get kind of old , "  but she knows certain songs of hers are classics . " ' I Ca n't Make You Love Me , ' ` Angel From Montgomery , ' ` Something to Talk About , ' you know , people who have n't seen me in a long time , they love those songs , and they 're the ones who paid for the tour bus , " she said . While in some respects Raitt is a pragmatist , her dreams for a better and safer world have spawned a passion for political activism . Last summer , 32 years after Raitt helped organize a famous "  No Nukes " concert , she and her partners in Musicians United for Safe Energy  MUSE  -- Jackson Browne , Graham Nash , David Crosby and others -- put together a follow-up benefit to raise awareness about nuclear power concerns . "  With Fukashima and what 's been going on with the accidents , and the terrorism threats , and the lack of security and solutions for waste storage , the nuclear issue is ... first and foremost on my mind , " she said . But that 's far from the only cause on her mind . Raitt 's website lists more than 100 nonprofit partners she encourages fans to learn more about , many having to do with music education . While she does spread the love for other charities , she is a huge proponent of such education . Raitt noted that learning about music benefits children in several ways . "  Especially girls , but any kids exposed to music programs and arts programs , do much better on their tests . They have a better chance of going to college . They can focus better . You know , we 're not just automatons learning how to work machines and do engineering and math and science . All of that 's great , but you 've got to build a whole person , " she said . Raitt added that she finds it "  thrilling " to learn about the roots of music and culture she loves , often with the aid of the Internet . "  You get a chance to see field recordings of blues artists that I never even got to meet , and Louis Armstrong as a young man , all these recordings , you can just pretty much get an education without even going to school , even from the middle of -- you know , in the middle of some Iowa cornfield or in Africa . " To many musicologists , Raitt is a crucial link in the chain of great blues artists and she 's even in the Blues Foundation Hall of Fame . She "  apprenticed " with Sippie Wallace , Mississippi Fred McDowell and Muddy Waters when those storied performers were about the same age she is now . Raitt 's said she 's grateful that her elders did n't just teach her about music . "  They did n't really seem to care whether their fans were 500 people or you know , 50,000 at some festival , " Raitt recalled . "  They just seemed pretty cool and copacetic , grateful to be there , had a great sense of humor , and a wry sense of perspective . " "  I 'm happy to say that at 62 , I think I 've reached that point where stuff does n't bother me as much , and my gratitude level has gone way up , especially having gone through the loss that I 've had , and losing so many of the great artists that I was close to . They taught me how to see it with a grain of salt and a lot of humor and perspective . "	Bonnie Raitt 's "  Slipstream " is her first album in seven years Fans are packing concerts and propelling "  Slipstream " into Billboard 's Top 10 "  I wanted to take that break so I would miss it enough , " Raitt told CNN
It was clear from the statement from the National Security Council  NSC  on Monday that the United States is deeply annoyed with Hong Kong . Couched in diplomatic language , the statement spelled out Washington 's position : Hong Kong dropped the ball on Edward Snowden and the U.S. wants Russia to pick it up . "  We are disappointed by the decision of the authorities in Hong Kong to permit Mr. Snowden to flee despite the legally valid U.S. request to arrest him for purposes of his extradition under the U.S.-Hong Kong Surrender Agreement , " said NSC spokeswoman Caitlin Hayden in a statement . "  We have registered our strong objections to the authorities in Hong Kong as well as to the Chinese government through diplomatic channels and noted that such behavior is detrimental to U.S.-Hong Kong and U.S.-China bilateral relations . " The statement went on to remind Russia that the U.S. had in the past returned numerous high-level criminals at the request of the Russian government . "  We expect the Russian Government to look at all options available to expel Mr. Snowden back to the U.S. to face justice for the crimes with which he is charged . " While there has been speculation that Beijing was behind the final decision to allow NSA leaker Snowden to leave Hong Kong -- a semi-autonomous Chinese territory -- on Sunday , Hong Kong authorities insist the judicial process was independent of China . Simon Young Ngai-man , director of the Centre for Comparative and Public Law at the University of Hong Kong , downplayed the apparent spat between Washington and Hong saying there may be nothing more to the Hong Kong decision than what it has publicly maintained : that Washington failed to meet the requirements under Hong Kong law that would have allowed the police to detain Snowden . "  We do n't know all the details as to why the Hong Kong government said the paperwork for the request was not in place ; maybe the U.S. government rushed in sending their package over and really did n't submit a good set of documents , " Young said , adding that he thought the response from the U.S. Justice Department had been fairly measured . Nevertheless , he said that getting a provisional warrant in order required a "  low threshold " of preparation . "  Why did n't Hong Kong authorities move more quickly ? Hong Kong authorities would probably say this is just our protocol , this is how we do these things and in this case we did n't see any reason to make it an exception or treat it with any greater urgency . " A U.S. Justice Department official said that the United States had met requirements and disputed the assertion from Hong Kong 's government . Despite fears bilateral ties between the U.S. and Hong Kong could be damaged , Young said the relationship between the two governments was too deep and longstanding for the extradition drama to have any permanent affect . "  It may well be they will just sort of brush it under the carpet as a regrettable incident and it probably wo n't have any implications beyond that , " Young said . "  It 's probably too early to say , but my intuition is that there probably wo n't be too much  fallout from Snowden  . " While the Hong Kong statement on Snowden pointedly requested a clarification from Washington of Snowden 's claims that the U.S. had hacked targets in the territory , Young said he believed that this was aimed at domestic concerns over Snowden rather than any veiled attack on Washington . "  It simply says to the Hong Kong people you 've expressed a lot of concern about this , CY Leung  the territory 's chief executive  has said he is going to make inquiries and I think it just reiterated that , " he said . Other analysts said that Hong Kong and Beijing were probably relieved that a potentially protracted and embarrassing diplomatic problem was now outside their jurisdiction . Jin Canrong , a leading foreign relations scholar and associate dean of Renmin University 's School of International Relations in Beijing , told Hong Kong 's South China Morning Post that Snowden 's departure was ideal for Beijing . "  A time bomb that could threaten the Sino-U.S. relationship has been defused , even though the saga will go on and Snowden can still make more revelations . The strategy Beijing has been using in dealing with the case was to let Hong Kong handle it independently and keep a distance from it . I believe Beijing would not proactively take advantage of the intelligence Snowden revealed , because that would provoke Washington and rub salt into its wounds . " Jin also told the paper : "  Actually Beijing made some gains from the Snowden saga , because his revelations provided Beijing some bargaining chips for future negotiations with Washington in cybersecurity ; Washington has lost the moral high ground on this front . " Analysts say China has used Snowden 's claims that the U.S. hacked computer networks in Hong Kong and the mainland to put the U.S. on the defensive in their ongoing cybersecurity dispute . Meanwhile , analysts will be waiting anxiously to see if Washington files any official complaint over the matter . Whether the requisite amount of face -- an essential part of the Chinese diplomatic discourse -- has been saved from the Snowden saga has still to play out . "  I think in the long run  it will be resolved  , but there will be questions asked , " Young said .	Washington sends tersely worded statement to Hong Kong over Snowden case Understated language spells out U.S. anger that Snowden was allowed to leave for Moscow Speculation strong Beijing was behind decision to allow Snowden to leave Hong Kong Analysts say Hong Kong acted within its laws and independently of Beijing
CNN  -- Pat Summitt , the all-time winningest major college basketball coach , says in an affidavit filed Thursday that she felt forced out as head coach of the Tennessee women 's team after her diagnosis with early-onset Alzheimer 's In April , the coach announced her on-court retirement eight months after revealing her diagnosis . "  I just felt like it was the time to step down , " Summitt said at her retirement . "  It 's never a good time , but you have to find a time you think is the right time . " Summitt lauded as she steps down But according to an affidavit she filed in conjunction with a lawsuit filed by a friend and former colleague against the university and its athletics director , the legendary coach did n't make the decision to step down on her own . In her affidavit , Summitt described a meeting in March with athletic director Dave Hart , in which she said she was told she would no longer be coach after 38 seasons . Summit wrote in her affidavit that she had wanted to make that decision herself . "  This was very surprising to me and very hurtful , " Summitt wrote in her affidavit . Summitt 's statement also said that Hart met again with her and he "  indicated that I misinterpreted what he said . " Summitt 's affidavit came in a lawsuit filed by a former media relations director for women 's sports , Debby Jennings . Jennings is suing the school for age and gender discrimination and for retaliation . Jennings said in her lawsuit that she wrote an e-mail to Hart the day after his initial meeting with Summitt , with Jennings saying in the e-mail that she opposed the decision regarding Summitt and considered it discriminatory . POTUS honors Tennessee 's Pat Summitt Jennings said Hart retaliated against her two months later by giving her the option to resign , retire or be fired . She alleged that even before that , she had many of her work responsibilities taken away and given to younger men . Efforts to reach Hart Thursday night for comment were unsuccessful . Jennings , who had worked at Tennessee for 35 years , retired in May . In her complaint filed in U.S. District Court , Jennings said she was forced out because "  certain members of the athletic department ... wanted to model UT-K 's athletic department as a good ` ol boys club . " A spokeswoman for the university said she could not comment because the legal case was ongoing . Summitt , who led the Lady Vols to eight national championships and whose 1,098 wins are the most in major-college basketball history , remains involved in mentoring Tennessee players and recruiting as the team 's head coach emeritus through April 2013 . 2011 : Dementia not slowing me down , Summitt says	Coaching legend filed affidavit as part of a lawsuit by former university employee Summitt won more than 1,000 games and eight national titles She has been diagnosed with early-onset Alzheimer 's She still has role with team as coach emeritus
CNN  -- Leonard Maltin was 18 when the first edition of his "  Movie Guide " came out in 1969 . Forty-five years later , the book -- a well-thumbed totem as familiar on film fans ' coffee tables as a bowl of popcorn or a stained drink coaster -- will soon be no more . The 2015 edition , out Tuesday , will be the last . Maltin wishes he did n't have to end its run , he said in a phone interview . But the writing is on the wall . "  I saw it coming a couple years ago , " said Maltin , 63 . "  There were pretty consistent strong sales for many , many years , and that started to change . It came as kind of a jolt . " Ironically , it 's a screen that 's killed off the "  Movie Guide " -- the computer/tablet/smartphone screen . In the digital age , the paper "  Movie Guide , " like former competitors such as Steven Scheuer 's "  Movies on TV " and Leslie Halliwell 's "  Film Guide , " is n't as necessary when IMDb and Wikipedia  not to mention countless blogs  are at your fingertips . For that matter , even the long-dead "  Cinemania , " a CD-ROM that was cutting edge in the mid - '90s , is now a quaint artifact . Maltin admits as much in the new guide 's introduction . "  The book 's loyal followers know that we strive to offer something one ca n't easily find online : curated information that is accurate and user-friendly , along with our own reviews and ratings , " he writes . "  But when a growing number of people believe that everything should be free , it 's impossible to support a reference book that requires a staff of contributors and editors . " The material wo n't be moving to the Web , he told Deadline.com in an interview . "  Leonard Maltin 's Movie Guide " -- originally "  TV Movies " -- has been Maltin 's claim to fame since he was a senior in high school . The historian and reviewer was a movie fan even as a child growing up in New Jersey , and through the years -- whether coordinating programs for the Museum of Modern Art , teaching at Manhattan 's New School or reviewing films for "  Entertainment Tonight " -- he 's always come back to the "  Movie Guide , " compiled with the assistance of reviewers such as Mike Clark , Pete Hammond and managing editor Darwyn Carson . Oh , he 's not retiring -- there will still be a "  Classic Movie Guide , " and he continues to review movies for his Indiewire blog and Reelzchannel . He also has other claims to fame , such as the Guinness record for shortest review . CNN talked to Maltin about the origins of the "  Movie Guide , " the role of the critic and whether he 's ever changed his mind . The following is an edited and condensed version of the interview . CNN : How did "  Maltin 's Movie Guide " start ? Leonard Maltin : It was not my idea . I was doing what we used to call fanzines . A friend and I did our first version of that when we were in the fifth grade , and it just kept going from there . When I was 13 years old , I found out about a couple fairly successful fanzines  The 8-Millimeter Collector and Film Fan Monthly  and wrote and offered my services as a writer . They both said yes . So I saw my first byline in print when I was 13 years old . After two years of contributing to Film Fan Monthly , the editor and publisher wrote to me and said , "  I do n't have time to do this anymore . Would you like to take it over ? " So I inherited his mailing list , his magazine and his format . He had 400 subscribers around the world . It was a big step up for me . I was 15 years old and I was editor and publisher of this magazine . A couple years later , I was walking down the hallway of my high school in Teaneck , New Jersey , and an English teacher stopped me . She 'd seen the magazine and said , "  I have a friend who 's an editor at Signet Books in New York and I think you two would hit it off . Call him and go see him after school one day . " I went to see him and I brought some copies of the magazine . He said , "  What 's that ? " I said , "  It 's a magazine I publish for old movie buffs . " He said , "  Do you know this book called ` Movies on TV ' by Steven Scheuer ? " I said yes . He said , "  What do you think of it ? " I said , "  I think it 's fine as far as it goes . " He said , "  What would you do differently ? " Now , I knew this book backwards and forwards .  So  I rattled off all those ideas . He said , "  I 'm looking for someone to do a rival book . How would you like to do it ? " What do you say ? I said , "  Well , I guess so . " CNN : You 're still in high school . Maltin : 17 years old . High school senior . It was rather stupefying . CNN : And the first edition came out the next year ? Maltin : The next year , when I was 18 . Go figure . At first  it was only a modest success , and when it came out all I saw was its flaws and shortcomings . It was five years before we got a chance to update it . At that point , I said I want to make it better , and that 's what I 've been trying to do ever since . One of the nice things when it became an annual  in 1986  was that , if somebody would send us a correction , I knew we could fix it the next time out . CNN : What movies have evolved over the editions that were four stars and now two , or vice versa ? Maltin : The most extreme example I can think of is "  Alien , " because I 'm a wimp . I ca n't see graphic horror movies -- wo n't and ca n't . I was chewing my jacket most of the time I was watching it . I found it upsetting on a visceral level . I did not enjoy myself . So I wrote a review that reflected that . Twenty-five years later it was reissued theatrically and I went to see it again , having absorbed an awful lot in the 25 years that had passed , including all the imitations and ripoffs . I said , this a masterful piece of work . So I completely rewrote and rerated the film . I have n't done it a lot . CNN : Do those changes have any effect ? Maltin : When people used to ask me about the influence of critics , I 'd say , what influence ? If film critics really had influence , there would n't have been a "  Friday the 13th , Part 2 , " let alone two decades ' worth . And conversely , the small films we love to champion would become big hits . That does n't happen either . CNN : You 're kind of the last national film critic now , since Roger Ebert passed away . Maltin : That 's because of television , let 's face it . Even the book got its biggest boost when I got on TV . In fact , I 'd been on "  ET " about a year , early '80s , and I got a call from my editor in New York . He said , "  We 've just had our sales meeting and we 'd like to make two changes to the cover : We 'd like to put your name above the title and your picture on the cover . " I said , that 's OK with me . There are many other critics who are more eloquent than I am , more incisive than I am , but I got national television exposure for 30 years on "  Entertainment Tonight " and on various cable channels and that 's given me tremendous visibility and recognizability . CNN : Who do you read ? Maltin : I think my favorite film critic is one who 's not as widely read as he should be , which is Todd McCarthy , formerly of Variety and now of The Hollywood Reporter . I think he 's brilliant and incisive . I do n't know how he absorbs as much as he does in one viewing of a movie . He 's also extremely articulate -- great command of language . I read other people too , but I do n't read very much because I 'm writing my own reviews . CNN : What do you think of aggregation sites , like Rotten Tomatoes and Metacritic ? Maltin : They serve their purpose , but as I like to remind people , every tomato is a critic . For people who say film critics are obsolete , then you would n't get a score on Rotten Tomatoes or Metacritic . Those scores are indicative of something . CNN : Do you feel a sense of loss with the book finishing its run ? Maltin : I probably could n't even describe to you how enormous a change this is . It 's affected me already . We 'd already be working on next year 's book by now . It takes a lot of doing things to break old habits , and one of my habits is keeping track of details when I watch a movie -- is somebody unbilled , does the movie say it 's a British-French co-production , things like that . And I really do n't have to keep track of that , do I ?	"  Leonard Maltin 's Movie Guide " 2015 edition will be the last Film historian and critic has been compiling it since he was 18 Critics have little influence , he says , but can call attention to good work End of the guide leaves him at a loss
CNN  -- Jose Maria Olazabal has confirmed he will not continue in his role as Europe 's Ryder Cup captain after the weekend 's memorable win over the United States . Europe retained the prestigious trophy by beating Davis Love III 's team 14 1/2 - 13 1/2 at the Medinah Country Club , despite having trailed by four points heading into Sunday 's singles matches . But after helping Europe keep hold of the cup it won in 2010 , Spain 's Olazabal believes it is time to for another captain to take charge . "  First of all it is a lot of work , " the two-time major winner told a news conference . "  It takes a lot from you you during the stretch of time from when you are named captain to the actual playing of the Ryder Cup . U.S. stunned by European fightback "  On top of that there are a lot of players who should have the opportunity to be in my spot ... clearly I wo n't do it again . " Olazabal would be happy to offer advice to his successor , although he says he will also not force himself on the next incumbent -- with Irishman Paul McGinley , a vice-captain in Illinois , the early favorite to replace the Spaniard . "  The captain has to decide what he wants , " added the 46-year-old Olazabal . "  If he wants to reach out to me , fine . But I 'm not going to be in there , I 'm going to be just on the side . "  I think this is a one-time chance . I had my chance and now I will step back , try to concentrate on my game and leave the next captain to do his job . " Did the U.S. throw away the Ryder Cup ? Olazabal also revealed how Europe 's triumph -- dubbed the "  Miracle of Medinah " -- has prompted congratulatory messages from Spanish royalty and the nation 's top sports stars . "  The King of Spain called me a few minutes ago and was pretty much over the moon , like me , " he said . "  There have been messages from sports guys like -LSB- tennis player Rafael -RSB- Nadal and lots from friends and family . " Europe 's challenge could have been derailed before it got off the ground when world No. 1 Rory McIlroy arrived at the golf course late on Sunday . The two-time major winner was confused over which time zone he was in . Luckily for Olazabal , the Northern Irishman was driven to Medinah by a state trooper and was able to win his match with U.S. rookie Keegan Bradley . "  Obviously , we were a little concerned but we knew at 11:05 he was going to make it to the tee with no problems . That 's why I was not all that tense , " said Olazabal . "  Luckily enough a police car was there and he made it on time . It was no surprise at all he managed to win his point . " Olazabal was also asked to select his highlight of the weekend , opting for Ian Poulter 's fifth consecutive birdie on the 18th hole of Saturday 's fourballs to give Europe a vital point . "  It 's hard to just pick one but I think the putt Poulter made on 18 on Saturday afternoon was huge . We all knew how important that was . If that did n't happen I do n't think we 'd have had a chance to win . It was crucial . "	Jose Maria Olazabal will not continue as Europe 's Ryder Cup captain The Spaniard led Europe to a 14 1/2 - 13 1/2 victory over the U.S. in Illinois Paul McGinley , one of Olazabal 's vice captains , is the early favorite for the role in 2014 Olazabal received a congratulatory phone call from the King of Spain
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A Chinese newspaper has withdrawn its high-profile support of a detained reporter after he confessed on television to releasing fabricated stories "  for money and fame . " The New Express printed a letter of apology on its website on Sunday that said the newspaper had failed to fact-check his articles and would manage its journalists more closely . The apology was in contrast to the spirited support the publication had given its reporter in the aftermath of his arrest last week . When contacted by CNN , the paper said that it had been asked not to give interviews . Chen Yongzhou was detained by police in Hunan Province on October 18 on suspicion of damaging the commercial reputation of a business after he published a series of articles that exposed financial problems at Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science & Technology . On Saturday , he appeared on state broadcaster CCTV and confessed to accepting money to publish false reports about the state-run maker of construction equipment . "  I did not check the content of these articles and only made minor changes . The original drafts were provided by other people , " Chen said in the interview . Chen wrote more than 10 unverified reports -- from September 29 , 2012 , until August 8 , 2013 -- that centered on "  financial problems " experienced by the engineering company Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science & Technology , and resulted in losses for the company , Xinhua reported , citing police . In a bold move , New Express had run the headline "  Please set him free " on its front page on Wednesday . It reiterated its plea on Friday . The paper also said it had checked all of Chen 's stories about Zoomlion and found only one discrepancy . David Bandurski , editor of the China Media Project at the University of Hong Kong , said the newspaper had taken an unprecedented step in its public defense of the reporter but authorities felt it had gone too far . "  You can get away with it if you have the political backing , but if you do n't you are stepping into dangerous territory and accurate or not accurate is not the most important question , " he said . He added that the CCTV broadcast of Chen 's confession underlined the political nature of the case , given that the legal investigation has not been completed and Chen has not appeared in court . The reporter 's plight had garnered sympathy from other news outlets and China 's media regulator vowed to protect "  lawful reporting rights , " according to the state-run China Press and Publishing Media group . However , on Sunday the All China Journalists Association said , while it would uphold the legal rights of news professionals , it was "  against the abuse of news gathering , making profits through news , news blackmailing , and all kinds of violations of journalism ethics . "  All news professionals should learn a lesson from this , and should be fully aware of the serious damage of profitable news and news blackmailing . " CNN 's Katie Hunt wrote and reported from Hong Kong , Feng Ke reported from Beijng	Chinese newspaper withdraws support for detained journalist New Express apologizes ; said it failed to fact check reporter 's work Reporter was detained on suspicion of damaging a company 's reputation Analyst says cases shows limits of press freedom in China
CNN  -- Ringo Starr walks into the hotel suite at the Beverly Hills Hotel carrying a brown paper bag . It 's his sack lunch , and he 's packed it himself . He 's also driven himself to the hotel and arrived alone -- no entourage , no bodyguard , no assistant , no fuss . It 's fitting that CNN 's interview with the iconic music star is taking place at an iconic hotel , which is like a second home to the former Beatle . This is where the Fab Four stayed when they first came to Hollywood in 1964 , no doubt trailed by dozens of screaming girls and photographers as they ushered in the British Invasion . Looking at least a decade younger than his 71 years , Starr settles into the corner of a couch and talks about celebrity then vs. celebrity now -- this from the perspective of a man who has been famous for nearly 50 years . "  I feel like it 's harder now for the celebrities , " he tells CNN Entertainment Correspondent Kareen Wynter . "  There was no one bigger than us , and we were put upon . Then , Paul and I would go on holiday , or John and I would go on holidays , and we 'd be fine . Now you ca n't go anywhere . The celebrity of today is so documented that I think it 's a lot harder now . We had it easy . We thought it was hard , but not compared to today . " In 2012 , his star has n't waned . It has just taken on a comfortable glow . As one of two surviving Beatles , people are treating him like a living treasure -- and these days , he and Paul McCartney seem to be treasuring each other . Starr remains touched that Macca showed up at his 70th birthday party at Radio City Music Hall . "  I had no idea he was coming , " he recalls . "  He jumped up to do the Beatle track , ` Birthday . ' Nobody told me that he snuck in , and that he rehearsed with the band . " In recent weeks , Starr has been busy promoting "  Ringo 2012 , " his 17th solo album . He produced it himself and recorded it in Los Angeles with a number of his buddies , including producers Don Was and Dave Stewart and Eagles guitarist Joe Walsh , who also happens to be his brother-in-law . Below is a portion of CNN 's conversation with Starr about his new CD , his relationship with McCartney and whether there will ever be a Beatles reunion . CNN 's Kareen Wynter : What was your inspiration behind the new album ? Ringo Starr : The inspiration behind the CD is that 's what I do . I love to play , I love to hang out with musicians and I like to make records , actually . I like to write songs , and I like to collaborate with other writers . It generally keeps me busy . When I 'm not doing that , I like to paint , I like to watch TV , I like to go to the cinema , I like to do all that stuff . But I LOVE hanging out with musicians and playing my drums . CNN : What drives you after having such a long career ? Starr : You get up in the morning and you start the day . I like to get up early , and I do n't like to get up and get right at it . I like to sort of work my way into the day , and then whatever comes along , I say ` yes ' or ` no ' to . CNN : Does anything shock you anymore ? Starr : Nothing shocks me , no -- not on TV . It is how it is now . It 's a pity that a lot of the reality singing shows -- somebody gets a shot for a minute , and even the winner seldom lasts more than a year . I played a lot of hours to get where I am , and it was a gradual build-up . So to go from nothing to the biggest thing in life -- you ca n't handle it . It was hard enough , and thank God , there were four of us to keep each other in some sort of reality . We all went mad separately , but we had each other , and we all came through gradually . So I think we were blessed that way . CNN : You got me on , "  We all went mad separately . " Starr : Well , we did , because we all had our moment , and then John or one of them would look at me and say , "  Excuse me ?! " and pull you back , you know ? CNN : Do you miss those days ? Four instead of two ? Starr : Well , of course I miss them . We were great friends , and we played a lot together , and we went through the madness together . There were only four people who understood what we went through , and it 's down to two now . There is nothing I can do to change that . I would like to be able to change it , but I do n't have that power . CNN : Can you put the rumors to rest : Will there be a Beatles reunion at the 2012 Olympics in London ? Starr : How can there be ? Oh no , I 'll be here . I 'm already booked in America . CNN : Paul said you may want to do it . Starr : Paul can do it . CNN : But it 's not the same without you . Starr : Well , he is doing quite well without me . He is doing OK . CNN : You 're part of the act . Starr : Well , we had a great time at my birthday . He surprised me in New York , and he jumped up to do the Beatle track "  Birthday , " and I was not going to miss that so I just ran to the drum kit , and that was fun . We have played a couple of times together . We did the David Lynch show a couple of years ago , so we have done that . But I will not be at the Olympics . I have to be very definite about that because they will say , "  Oh , is he coming ? Is n't he coming ? " No , I am not going -- but to all the athletes , "  Peace and Love ! " CNN : What about in the future ? Starr : Well , the door is open that Paul and I might play together , but it is not like a reunion . It is not going to be the Beatles , you know ? They have those crazy ideas that maybe we could use their children . It is never going to happen . CNN : What is your relationship with Paul like ? Starr : It 's good . After all of the time , everybody has ups and downs . So we have ups and downs , but it is very up right now . I am so pleased for him and Nancy . We love Nancy . CNN : Their wedding was beautiful . What was it like seeing them walk through those chapel doors ? Starr : Great . It was great , and he seems really happy and that is good . As I said , we love Nancy , so I think it 's a great moment for him . CNN : How would you describe Nancy ? Starr : Very down to earth . Very easy . She mixes right in and she loves music , so it ca n't be bad . And , you know , she is a very beautiful woman . Regal is a great word . Regal Nancy . CNN : The Beatles came up during a tumultuous time . Do you see any parallels between that period and what 's happening today ? Starr : As we all know , the world is going through a change , especially in Egypt and the Arab countries . America had to go through its change . England has been through several changes . France has been through a really big change . So it is just part of life , and God bless them . And it is great to see there is a lot of this  gives peace sign  going on in the world , and that is what it 's about . We would love to be able to say , "  OK , it 's a peace and love takeover . " But usually whoever is in power , as it seems , is injuring a lot of its own people . CNN : You really represent your "  Peace and Love " theme . What do you hear from young people when they approach you ? Starr : A lot of young people love "  Peace and Love . " I mean , they would like it to be that way . That is the way we all thought . But a lot of work goes into it . I just keep it going because it is a second in my life to think , "  Peace and Love . " How great is that ? So if you put all of those seconds together , then soon you have got some time and it will make a change . CNN : What 's next for you ? Starr : Well , I think you tackle that as it comes along . I am making records , I am going on tour , and then I am off to do whatever else I want to do . So I have a very good life .	In recent weeks , Ringo Starr has been busy promoting "  Ringo 2012 , " his 17th solo album "  The inspiration behind the CD is that 's what I do , " Starr says Starr says he and Paul McCartney "  might play together , but it is not like a reunion "
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Lynne Lucas is taking herself off the meat market . Monique Brown is sick of having to look cute all the time . And Scott Hayes is searching for his inner child . Imari Havard , co-founder of PlayDate , dances with some participants on the dance floor . It 's Saturday night at PlayDate in Atlanta , Georgia , where 400 adults have gathered to play games , drink and socialize . "  It 's not your usual bar scene where I look good , you look good , I 'm scared to talk to you , " Hayes says as he scans a giant Jenga tower for the right block to pull . "  You 'll talk to anyone when you 're playing games , because you 're trying to beat them . " Next to Hayes , Brown watches a rambunctious game of Pictionary while a twosome fights it out with Rock 'Em Sock 'Em Robots nearby . Across the room , Lucas joins her friends in a game of Trouble . And on the dance floor , Imari Havard is hula-hooping with some ladies . Havard is the co-founder of Timeless Entertainment Concepts , host of PlayDate , with Ryan Hill and Ronald Gaither . Timeless ' mission is clear : provide a fun alternative to the typical nightlife scene for an entrance fee of just $ 10 per person . In other words , if you 're looking for love in all the wrong places , try a game of Hungry Hungry Hippos . Tell us how your and your sweetheart first met PlayDate began in Atlanta in 2005 and has slowly expanded from a monthly crowd of 80 to 500 twice a month in nine cities across the nation . The three men hope to start affiliates in another 20 markets this year . "  It 's a pretty simple word-of-mouth advertising , " Havard says of how they 've made PlayDate so popular . "  The No. 1 question asked on a Monday morning , is ` How was your weekend ? ' The number two most popular question is ` What did you do ? ' Well , we 've built our entire program around answering those questions . " While Gaither takes care of the legal and administrative aspects , Hill and Havard attend events and deal with affiliates . The two opposites complement each other . Tonight , Hill wears a red polo shirt and jeans . Havard wears a stingy fedora and a pin-stripe suit jacket . Hill uses the words "  overhead , " "  clientele " and "  venue negotiation " regularly in conversation . Havard is more likely to shout phrases like "  Patricia 's in the house , y' all ! " And while Havard is swiveling his hula-hooping hips , Hill blends into the background . "  Someone has to have a respectful corporate face , " Hill says as he laughs at Havard 's antics . See photos from the event " Meanwhile , Alisha Wheeler has on her game face . A man she just met is teaching her to play Scrabble , and it 's not as easy as it looks . Wheeler found out about PlayDate on the Internet and decided to check it out . "  To be able to play games again and not be an adult for one night , it 's kind of fun , " she says . "  It 's not the typical , uneasy having to go up to someone you do n't know , because everyone has on these silly nametags , and -LSB- the games -RSB- are like an icebreaker . " Todd Jones agrees . A PlayDate veteran , Jones has been coming to the events since they started three years ago . He 's even attended launches in other cities and says the atmosphere is the same everywhere . "  When you go to a club , people will stand around . They 're very defensive , " Jones says . "  But here , you really have to intermingle . " Gesturing to the six women he 's playing Uno with , Jones says he does n't come to PlayDate looking to hook up . "  I just come here really to have a good time . If something happens after that , then , fine . " Havard says that 's the basis of his company , Timeless , which also offers Paint By Numbers and Call Me UP . Paint By Numbers lets people socialize while painting a 100-square-foot mural . Call Me UP is a new interactive take on a stand-up comedy club . "  You go to a nightclub , a lot of times , that scene is the same , " Havard says . "  It 's too loud ; it 's too dark ; it 's too smoky . A lot of people have on their nightclub personas , so you do n't get to know real people . What we 've found with PlayDate is , it lets people let their guard down and be themselves . It 's romantic , in a sense , because you begin to connect like you did when you were younger . " Back on the dance floor , Havard narrates a game of musical chairs . As the music stops , a woman and man fight for the last chair . "  Girl , you 've got a nice booty , but it ai n't in the seat , " Havard shouts into the microphone . "  Everybody say byyyyyeee ! " As the crowd shouts a farewell , Hill looks at his watch , shrugs proudly and smiles . "  It 's not every day you can answer ` what do you do for a living ? ' with ' I have fun , and I make sure other people have fun , too , ' " he says . "  I mean , where else in the world would you see 30 - and 40-year-olds playing musical chairs at midnight ? "	PlayDate offers fun alternative to nightlife scene with board games , video games Timeless Entertainment Concepts runs PlayDate , Paint By Numbers PlayDate offers hula-hoops , musical chairs , Scrabble , Jenga , Pictionary To "  not be an adult for one night " is kind of fun , participant says
London  CNN  -- Security experts are starting to analyze events leading up to the horrific cleaver attack of a man believed to be a British soldier on the suburban streets of London . One key line of inquiry they 'll be following among the many leads : How does this attack relate to other incidents around the world ? CNN Terrorism Analyst Paul Cruickshank says the precedents are not hard to detect . "  It 's early in the investigation in terms of looking at the culprit and motivation but there 's a track record of Islamist extremists inspired by al Qaeda ideology targeting soldiers in the West , " he said . Other areas the security services would look at , he added , would include which groups -- if any -- were behind the attack and whether it was home-grown . Cruickshank said that there had been plots in the past when attackers had tried to target military personnel : the fact that Wednesday 's murder happened near a military barracks in southeast London was significant . "  It 's not clear if this particular officer was specifically targeted or he just happened to be walking through this area and was a target of opportunity , " said Cruickshank , "  but it seems that more than one individual was part of this attack , so this could well have been planned . We just do n't know . " CNN affiliate ITN has broadcast a video showing a man at the scene of the attack with bloody hands and holding a meat cleaver , saying : "  We swear by almighty Allah we will never stop fighting you . " He then continues : "  The only reasons we killed this man this is because Muslims are dying daily . This British soldier is an eye for an eye , a tooth for tooth . " Cruickshank cited the plot , uncovered in 2007 , to kidnap and murder a Muslim British soldier . Four men plotted to kidnap a solider on leave and then decapitate him in a garage . Parviz Khan , the leader of the plotters , planned to behead the soldier "  like a pig " and then post film of the killing online . It is not known if there are any links between this plot and the attack . Leading al Qaeda clerics have called those who target soldiers in the West "  heroes , " Cruickshank said . "  These are people inspired by al Qaeda ideology in the West , " Cruickshank said . "  Hero " was the term militant cleric Anwar al-Awlaki -- who was born and raised in the United States -- had used to describe Nidal Hasan , an American Muslim soldier based at Fort Hood , Texas . In November 2009 Hasan shot and killed 13 U.S. soldiers at the military base in November 2009 . Hasan and Al-Awlaki had communicated on the internet before the shootings at the military base , used at the time by soldiers about to be deployed to Iraq and Afghanistan , Cruickshank said . Al-Awlaki himself was killed by a U.S. drone strike in in Yemen in September 2011 . "  The motivation in these past attacks has been the war in Afghanistan and Iraq , " Cruickshank said . "  For a generation of Islamist extremists in the UK , Iraq and Afghanistan were their formative experiences . " In 2012 , Mohammed Merah , a 23-year-old French-Algerian , went on a killing spree that terrorized France and left seven people dead , including three soldiers . Three children were killed when he attacked a Jewish school . He was eventually tracked down to his apartment in Toulouse , southern France , where he was besieged for 32 hours before being killed as security forces stormed the building on March 22 . During that siege Merah told negotiators that he was acting on behalf of al Qaeda . A senior U.S. counterterrorism official later told CNN that Merah was believed to have linked up with Jund al Khilafah , an obscure Kazakh Jihadist group with ties to al Qaeda , just months before the attacks . -RSB- Cruickshank said the fact that such killings had occurred since foreign troop levels in Iraq and Afghanistan had been scaled back was irrelevant to the attackers . "  The Iraq War is still very much an issue for these people . A significant number of these have been energised by watching beheading videos put out by groups like al Qaeda in Iraq . " Monica Sarkar contributed to this report .	Cruickshank : Track record of al Qaeda-inspired extremists targeting soldiers British police uncovered 2007 plot to kidnap and murder a Muslim British soldier Security services looking at whether London suspects linked to any groups Leading al Qaeda clerics have called those who target western soldiers ` heroes '
Hong Kong  CNN  -- In the third case in the last two weeks , more than 100 passengers aboard a troubled boat required rescue in the waters between Australia and Indonesia . On Wednesday , Australian authorities plucked 162 passengers from a boat in distress located south of Indonesia . The rescued passengers were taken to Australia 's Christmas Island for initial security , health and identity screening . The authorities declined to say whether the people on the rescued boat were seeking asylum . This followed after a boat capsized near Christmas Island carrying an estimated 200 people seeking asylum on June 22 , and another boat accident occurred on June 27 . The number of deaths from these accidents are unclear , as authorities did not know how many people had been aboard the vessels . Dozens are believed to have died . Although it is n't clear whether the most recent incident involved asylum seekers , the issue of possible refugees boarding rickety boats to make the treacherous voyage to Australia has turned into an explosive political issue . The question for nations is what to do with people seeking help ? The world 's wealthiest nations like Australia or the United States are not always the most welcoming for potential refugees . A United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees report released last year described "  a time of rising anti-refugee sentiment in many industrialized " countries . In Australia , the perception is that , "  everyday , we 're being flooded by boat people who are cheating the system , " said Kon Karapanagiotidis , CEO of Asylum Seeker Resource Centre in Australia . "  They 're illegal . They 're jumping the queue . Everyday , the news is reporting another boat has arrived and another boat has arrived . It 's feeding this idea that we 're being flooded . " The number of asylum seekers in Australia and New Zealand decreased by 9 % in 2011 compared with the previous year , according to the latest report by UNHCR . Karapanagiotidis said aslyum seekers have turned into a "  political football " and "  easy scapegoats " without much understanding of why they embark on such dangerous journeys . Australia is not alone in grappling with the asylum issue , which is often unpopular and politically divisive . Read how the Australian Senate voted Following the Arab Spring , waves of North African asylum seekers journeyed in boats to European nations such as Italy and Malta . This resulted in a 87 % increase in asylum requests in the area in 2011 compared with the previous year , according to UNHCR . In the western hemisphere , vessels carrying Haitian migrants have traveled across to the United States -- one boat sank in the Bahamas , killing at least 11 people in June . But the notion that most asylum seekers flock to developed , wealthy nations differ from the statistics shown by UNHCR . Eighty percent of the world 's refugees are hosted in developing countries , which the agency described as a "  deep imbalance in international support . " Pakistan hosts the most refugees with 1.7 million . The second and third leading countries to host refugees at the end of 2011 were Iran and Syria . The 2011 report is the most recent one available by UNHCR and may not reflect the current crisis in Syria . The vast majority of refugees remain within their region of origin -- 17 % live outside their home region , according to UNHCR . "  Geography does play a big part of it , " said Karapanagiotidis , on why asylum seekers ended up in countries like Pakistan and Iran . People are seeking the easiest and quickest escape to countries where "  immigration channels are available , " he said . An asylum seeker is a person who wants sanctuary in another country and applies for the right to be recognized as a refugee . A refugee is recognized as a person who was forced to flee his or her country because of persecution , war or violence , according to UNHCR . Here are more statistics provided by a 2011 report by UNHCR : Main destinations for new aslyum seekers 1 . South Africa  107,000 claims  -- half from Zimbabwe 2 . United States of America  76,000 3 . France  52,100 4 . Germany  45,700 5 . Italy  30,300 Major refugee-hosting countries 1 . Pakistan  1.7 million people 2 . Iran  887,000 3 . Syria  755,400 4 . Germany  571,000 5 . Kenya  566,500 Major source countries of refugees 1 . Afghanistan  2.7 million people 2 . Iraq  1.4 million 3 . Somalia  1.1 million 4 . Sudan  500,000 5 . Democratic Republic of the Congo  491,500 Continents where asylum seekers originated from 1 . Asia  45 % 2 . Africa  27 % 3 . Europe  15 % 4 . Americas  8 %	World 's wealthiest nations are not most welcoming to refugees , aslyum seekers 80 % of the world 's refugees are in developing countries , with Pakistan leading Political controversies persist in Australia over what to do with asylum seekers
They were ready to land in Australia , at the end of a 14-hour international flight , when the 270 passengers of an Air Canada flight were suddenly thrown into a high-seas search-and-rescue operation . Flight AC033 diverted after pilot Andrew Robertson got a call from the Australian Maritime Safety Authority on Tuesday to help search for a yachtsman who had sailed from Sydney two weeks earlier . "  If we have the fuel , could we investigate an emergency beacon that had just gone off , " came the question from maritime officials , Robertson told CNN Canadian affiliate CBC News . Down below , Glenn Ey of Queensland , Australia , was being tossed about in his crippled 36-foot yacht -- out of fuel and with a broken mast after a storm . "  I thought I had a very good chance of getting back to Sydney without assistance , " Ey said after nine days adrift . "  I could n't see any evidence of Sydney , and I had no idea of my exact position , and it was at that point I set off the emergency position indicator radio beacon . " The search began as the Boeing 777 , on its way from Vancouver , dropped from 37,000 feet to 4,000 feet . Robertson asked the passengers and crew to train their eyes on the choppy waters below . "  I think everyone 's heart started beating a little bit faster , " said Jill Barber , a Canadian singer , who was making the trip to Sydney for a concert . "  They said ... we 'd really appreciate it if everyone could look out their windows , and if anyone has any binoculars that could help us identify this yacht , that would be really helpful . " It did n't take too long to find Ey as passengers and crew scanned the waters below . "  We 're doing this big sweeping right turn and almost immediately they said , ` Oh , we see something , ' " Robertson said . "  We were totally ecstatic . " Total from time from activation of the emergency beacon until he was found by the Air Canada flight : about 25 minutes . "  You know , we cheered and we applauded and I think we all kind of felt a sense of pride , " Barber said . A merchant vessel helped the yacht until the New South Wales water police arrived from Sydney late Wednesday , about 270 nautical miles off the coast . Truck hits plane , driver blames beverage can Flier 's alleged 50-day bender ends badly	A yacht -- adrift for 9 days , out of fuel and with a broken mast -- activated its emergency signal Maritime officials called an Air Canada flight bound for Sydney for help The Boeing 777 passengers and crew searched , and the vessel was found within 25 minutes
CNN  -- After a weekend of rumors , it 's finally official : Heidi Klum and Seal are now the proud parents of a baby girl , Klum 's representative confirmed . Heidi Klum met Seal in 2004 , and the couple married a year later . The "  Project Runway " host gave birth Friday night . Klum and Seal named their new bundle Lou Sulola Samuel . The couple , who married in 2005 , have been busy babymaking ever since . Lou Sulola is the youngest of four : Henri , 4 , Johan , 2 and Leni , 5 , whom Klum had from a previous relationship . "  It 's difficult to imagine loving another child as much as you love your existing children , " Seal said of the birth in a statement Tuesday . "  Anyone who has a family will tell you this . Where will one find that extra love ? If you love your existing children with all of your heart , how then can one possibly find more heart with which to love another ? " The answer to that question , the Grammy-winning singer said , "  came in the form of our fourth child and second daughter . "  Lou Sulola Samuel was born , and from the moment she looked into both of our eyes , it was endless love at first sight . She is beautiful beyond words , and we are happy that she chose us to watch her grow over the coming years , " he said .	Heidi Klum and Seal have confirmed their daughter was born Friday The couple named her Lou Sulola Samuel She has three siblings : Henri , Johan and Leni Seal said when Lou Sulola was born , it was "  endless love at first sight . "
Wired  -- Few games live up to 11 years of anticipation , but "  StarCraft II 's " slick upgrades mean the sequel 's got a shot . At midnight July 27 , Blizzard switched on the servers for "  StarCraft II : Wings of LIberty . " The original "  StarCraft , " released in 1998 , became an overnight success , selling 1.5 million copies in its first year on the way to more than 11 million copies sold in its lifetime . A decade on , the sci-fi game -- which pits human Terrans against alien Zerg and Protoss races in a real-time strategy war that spans the galaxy -- is still revered for its precise balance and easy-to-learn , hard-to-master game mechanics . "  StarCraft " became especially popular in South Korea , where professional players can earn upward of $ 100,000 a year and expert matches get televised nationwide . At first glance , it seems Blizzard has taken an if-it-ain ` t-broke approach to "  StarCraft II 's " gameplay . The biggest improvements to the single-player campaign have been in the presentation . In the original game , you were simply flung from one mission to the next with nothing but a short mission briefing , or perhaps a brief cinematic scene once in a blue moon . In the sequel , you spend your downtime hanging out inside the spaceship owned by series protagonist Jim Raynor . Inside Raynor 's ship , you can spend the money you make from missions on upgrades for your army . Many upgrades consist of simple stat enhancements , but some unlock new abilities for your units . It 's a fun way of introducing RPG elements that provides a tangible feeling of progression . Another change from the original "  StarCraft " : You can now choose the order in which you tackle certain missions . It 's not as if you have complete freedom : You will usually be presented with two missions to choose from . This means the game follows a branching storyline of sorts , although so far I have always been able to go back and complete missions I skipped . Optional objectives within the missions themselves range from rescuing oppressed villagers to collecting a number of doodads strewn across the map . This idea is very similar to Blizzard 's 2002 game "  Warcraft III "  the last real-time strategy game the company released  . The rewards are usually worth the trouble . If you rescue hapless villagers , they 'll join your ranks . If you collect doodads , you 'll be given more money with which to upgrade your units . Eleven years of technological progress means "  StarCraft II 's " storytelling methods are n't as primitive as they were in 1998 . The first "  StarCraft " employed mid-mission dialogue , but the animation was limited to a few pictures of talking heads . "  StarCraft II , " on the other hand , benefits from the fully rendered cinematic scenes we 've come to expect of modern gaming . These scenes are excellent : The facial expressions , character movement , sound direction and art design all come together to make a gripping plot , at least from what I 've seen so far . It helps that Blizzard boasts some of the best artists in the business . "  StarCraft II " might be somewhat low-tech compared to graphics juggernauts like Crysis or Metro 2033 , but because of its excellent art direction , it is arguably more visually appealing than either of those games . "  StarCraft II " uses a wide range of colors , and the attention to detail on things like marines ' mechanized moving parts or the fluorescent glow of laser beams is spectacular as well . I have n't yet played "  StarCraft II 's " final multiplayer mode , but I did play a great deal of the multiplayer beta and came away impressed . Blizzard 's overhaul of its classic Battle.net service is geared toward helping strategy newbies become competent , offering an array of challenges designed to teach important multiplayer skills . "  StarCraft II " is a long time coming , and with fans currently caught in the throes of launch ecstasy , it 's still too early to tell if it will ultimately prove to be worth the wait . But based on my first impressions , it would have to screw up pretty hard to not be . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2010 Wired.com .	Original "  StarCraft " sold 1.5 million copies in first year and over 11 million in its lifetime Biggest improvements to single-player campaign have been in the presentation "  StarCraft II " uses wide range of colors and the attention to detail is spectacular
CNN  -- California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger has signed legislation that requires the state to recognize same-sex marriages performed in other states while such marriages were legal in California . California will recognize same-sex marriages from a period of time before Proposition 8 was enacted . Same-sex marriages performed elsewhere between June 16 , 2008 , and November 5 , 2008 , are to be legally recognized , as are in-state marriages performed during that time . The end date represents when a ballot initiative , Proposition 8 , added a ban on same-sex marriage to the state constitution . Proposition 8 bars the state from recognizing any marriage performed outside the state outside those dates . The state Supreme Court ruled after the proposition passed that marriages performed before the ban would remain on the books . But Senate Bill 54 splits a legal hair and requires the state to recognize such marriages as "  unions , " providing "  the same legal protections that would otherwise be available to couples that enter into civil unions or domestic partnerships out-of-state , " the governor said . "  In short , this measure honors the will of the people in enacting Proposition 8 while providing important protections to those unions legally entered into in other states , " Schwarzenegger said in a signing statement accompanying his signature . He signed the bill Sunday . Proponents of Proposition 8 lambasted the governor . "  The governor 's signing of SB 54 illustrates his disregard for the sovereign authority of California 's voting citizens , " said Everett Rice , a spokesman for the California Family Council . "  In 2000 and 2008 , the voters expressed their desire at the ballot box to protect traditional marriage . They emphatically affirmed that marriage should retain its historical definition and identity . However , today the governor has joined with other elected representatives by choosing to place the demands of special interest groups over more than 7 million California voters . "	Bill requires California to recognize same-sex marriages performed in other states State will recognize marriages performed between June 16 and November 5 , 2008 Ending date marks when Proposition 8 was enacted State will recognize such marriages as "  unions ; " bill angers those who voted for ban
CNN  -- Fifth seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga crashed out of the U.S. Open in the second round Thursday , beaten 6-4 1-6 6-1 6-3 by Slovakia 's Martin Klizan . France 's Tsonga put up a lackluster display to become the first major casualty of the final grand slam of the season . Tsonga , who reached the quarterfinals at Flushing Meadows last year , was due to face Britain 's Andy Murray at the same stage this year , his exit potentially easing the path of the Olympic champion . Murray will face Feliciano Lopez in the third round after the Spanish veteran beat compatriot Pablo Andujar 6-4 6-1 6-7 3-6 7-5 in a five-set epic . World No. 52 Klizan was reaching that stage of a grand slam for the first time and will face either 32nd seed Jeremy Chardy of France , who beat Murray in Cincinnati , or Australia 's Matthew Ebden . He stunned Tsonga with a display of attacking tennis and quickly took a one set lead . Tsonga looked to have restored confidence in the second set until Klizan restored his advantage in the third . The Slovakian opened up a 4-0 lead in the fourth set and although Tsonga broke back to reduce the lead to 4-3 , he closed it out in style . Earlier Thursday , Spain 's 11th seed Nicolas Almagro battled past Philipp Petzschner of Germany 6-3 5-7 5-7 6-4 6-4 . Japan 's Kei Nishikori , the 17th seed also made the last 32 with a 6-2 6-2 6-4 win over home qualifier Tim Smyczek . U.S. hopes were boosted by a superb win by 23rd seed Mardy Fish over Russian Nikolay Davydenko . Fish battled back from two sets down to beat Davydenko 4-6 6-7 6-2 6-1 6-2 in three hours 26 minutes . 12th seed Marin Cilic of Croatia was also taken the full distance by Daniel Brands of Germany before winning 6-3 6-2 5-7 4-6 7-5 Top seed Roger Federer was playing Bjorn Phau of Germany in the night session .	Jo-Wilfried Tsonga crashes out of U.S. Open in second round Fifth seed from France beaten by Slovakia 's Martin Klizan Tsonga was in Andy Murray 's section of the draw Roger Federer playing later Thursday in night session
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Ad time for next Sunday 's "  All-American Muslim " episode is apparently sold out , despite Lowe 's decision to pull its commercials from the TLC reality series , a TLC network spokeswoman said . Hip hop mogul Russell Simmons announced his intentions Monday to buy up any unsold commercial time on the controversial show in response to the withdrawal of the home improvement giant . He would use the ads to promote his prepaid Visa "  Rush Card , " he said . "  He has tried to buy , " TLC 's Laurie Goldberg told CNN in an e-mail Tuesday . "  We are checking inventory . Still do n't know on that one . I do think it was already sold out , but still checking . " If any ad time is left , Simmons said he was standing by to take it . Simmons ' website posted a statement Tuesday saying "  TLC has announced that Rush Card will not be able to purchase the remaining ad space as they have all been sold out . " "  All-American Muslim " is an eight-part series that follows five Muslim families living in Dearborn , Michigan . "  Each episode offers an intimate look at the customs and celebrations , misconceptions and conflicts these families face outside and within their own community , " TLC said in the show 's description . The controversy , and Lowe 's decision to pull their spots , followed a complaint by the Florida Family Association . The group warned Lowe 's in a letter that the show "  is attempting to manipulate Americans into ignoring the threat of jihad and to influence them to believe that being concerned about the jihad threat would somehow victimize these nice people in this show . " Lowe 's , a national home improvement chain , defended its decision in a statement to CNN last Saturday . "  Lowe 's has received a significant amount of communication on this program , from every perspective possible , " the company said . "  Individuals and groups have strong political and societal views on this topic , and this program became a lightning rod for many of those views . As a result we did pull our advertising on this program . " Simmons , who is an outspoken social activist , sent a series of Twitter messages over the last several days urging Lowe 's to reverse its decision : "  Dear @Lowes , we got over 21k signatures standing up against ur poor decision . Do right thing : apologize & put $ back in #AllAmericanMuslim " Simmons called the controversy "  a press nightmare " for Lowe 's in an interview with Entertainment Weekly . "  This country is built on religious freedom , " he said . "  This is the kind of hate that tears this country apart . " CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	Hip hop mogul Russell Simmons vows to buy unsold ad time Lowe 's cites "  lightning rod " worries for decision to pull its ads from the TLC show A Florida group says the show tries to "  manipulate Americans into ignoring the threat of jihad " The 8-part series follows five Muslim families living in Dearborn , Michigan
The United States dismissed a report that an agreement had been reached between Iran and world powers to begin implementing a deal that requires Tehran to limit its nuclear program . The announcement followed a report in state-run Iranian media that a deal had been reached in negotiations between Tehran and the six world powers , including the United States , to begin implementing the agreement in late January , "  We 've made progress in our discussions , and the teams have taken a few outstanding points back to capitals , " State Department deputy spokeswoman Marie Harf . "  The two sides expect to finalize the implementation plan soon . " A senior administration official characterized the talks as ongoing . "  We 're getting close but just not quite there yet , " said the official , who spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the negotiations . A senior Iranian negotiator , Hamid Baeidinejad , told Press TV that an agreement had been reached following two days of talks in Geneva between Iran and the United States , Britain , France , China , Russia and Germany . The two sides managed to reach an understanding on the implementation of the agreement and now , their views and interpretations  of the Geneva deal  are the same , " Baeidinejad told Iranian state-run Press TV . The nuclear deal struck in November between the world powers , collectively known as the P5 +1 , and Iran calls for Tehran to limit its nuclear activities in return for a relaxation of sanctions that have crippled the Iranian economy . The deal has been widely hailed as a successful interim measure to stave off an unwanted conflict over Tehran 's illicit nuclear program . But after initially celebrating a diplomatic success , Iran has reportedly lashed out at the United States for releasing a modified version of the agreement to the American people that does not reflect its interpretation . Just last week , Iranian lawmakers drafted a bill that would force the government to enrich uranium up to 60 % if new sanctions are imposed , state media reported Wednesday . The move came less than a week after bipartisan legislation was introduced in the U.S. Senate that would authorize new economic sanctions on Iran if it breaches an interim agreement to limit its nuclear program or fails to strike a final accord terminating those ambitions . . The United States and other western powers believe Iran is attempting to build a bomb through uranium enrichment . But Tehran says its nuclear intentions are peaceful .	"  We 're getting close but just not quite there yet , " a U.S. administration official says Iranian state-media reported Tehran will implement a nuclear accord in late January The accord was reached in November , and requires Iran to limit its nuclear program In exchange for limiting its program , some sanctions placed on Iran will be lifted
CNN  -- Newly released photographs show what a damaged World Trade Center tower and its collapse looked like from a New York Police Department helicopter as it flew nearby on September 11 , 2001 , in New York . The aerial photos were obtained by ABC News after it filed a Freedom of Information Act request last year with the National Institute of Standards and Technology , which had collected the images for its investigation into the towers ' collapse . A couple of the images show one of the twin towers burning after a hijacked airplane had flown into it . Others show it collapsing , and the rest show the clouds of debris and dust spreading below after the towers crumbled . Each of the 12 images offers a rare look at what the devastation looked like from above . Hijackers flew two commercial jetliners into the twin towers that day , killing 2,752 people . On the same day , hijackers flew another airplane into the Pentagon in Washington , killing 184 people . A fourth hijacked plane , headed to an unknown target , crashed in Shanksville , Pennsylvania , killing 40 .	Aerial images show World Trade Center tower burning , then collapsing Photos offer rare look at what collapse looked like from above ABC News obtained photos through Freedom of Information Act request
CNN  -- Basketball legend Michael Jordan has caused a furor at the President 's Cup golf tournament after the former Chicago Bulls player was snapped smoking a cigar at the Harding Park course in San Francisco . Michael Jordan smoking a cigar at the Hardin Park golf course . Jordan -- who is acting as the honorary assistant captain for the U.S. team at the event -- puffed while playing a practice round despite the city 's ban on smoking at public golf courses . Pictures were published in the San Francisco Chronicle of the 46-year-old flouting the rules , a move which prompted city officials to request the PGA Tour to remind Jordan of the law . "  It was sort of a gentle nudge reminding them that smoking is illegal and that we would appreciate their support , " Recreation and Park General Manager Phil Ginsburg told the Chronicle . The breaking of the smoking ban carries a $ 100 fine , however , Matt Dorsey , the spokesman for City Attorney Dennis Herrera , told the newspaper : "  Just do n't expect me to ask him for it . " Fred Couples invited Jordan to be an honorary assistant captain at the Presidents Cup , and the Hall of Famer spoke to reporters on Monday about his smoking . "  I heard this is a public place , so they limit what you can smoke , but this was a practice round and no one said anything , " he told the gathered media . British Open champion Stewart Cink backed Jordan despite the outcry suggesting the cigar was unlit : "  The tobacco usage did become a little bit of a story out there , because I saw Michael with a cigar in his mouth that was unlit . "  He 's trying to set a good example for the rest of the people who see on TV what we are doing out there , just try to set a good example and try to chew his tobacco instead of smoke it . "	Presidents Cup golf tournament is being held at the Harding Park course Under San Francisco law it is illegal to smoke while playing at the event Michael Jordan was photographed smoking at cigar during a practice round Jordan is the honorary assistant captain for the U.S. team at the event
Amsterdam  CNN  -- Is it wrong to watch football while the world 's on fire ? Is it wrong to love the World Cup , to get excited about a goal scored in Brazil while there 's mayhem in Iraq , destruction in Syria , Russian troops massing near Ukraine ? The answer is no . Enjoy the Cup . When I was a child I had what I thought was a brilliant idea : Instead of fighting all those awful wars , countries with gripes should challenge each other to a soccer game . The victor could be declared the winner without all the nastiness of fighting a real war . My childhood plan for world peace did n't pan out , but soccer , and the World Cup in particular , remains the premiere arena for make-believe international conflict . It captivates massive crowds , stokes intense rivalries and fills people with surprisingly intense emotions . This is true even for the people caught in the middle of real wars . In Syria , in the middle of a civil war , rebel fighters put their weapons aside to watch the World Cup . In Baghdad , as the ruthless ISIS jihadists march toward the Iraqi capital , cafes are filled with people watching the Cup . In Vienna , Iranian officials took a break from nuclear negotiations to watch their team . Refugees , astronauts , politicians are all watching the World Cup . Clearly , there 's no need for the rest of us to feel guilty . No need for mixed feeling about switching between Obama 's announcement on Iraq and the Colombia-Ivory Coast match . In Europe , where nationalism got a bad name after World War II , patriotic pride overflows with uncharacteristic fearlessness when the national teams play . Even people who never pay attention to soccer , known almost everywhere as football , are cheering , bragging about Van Persie 's spectacular diving header against Spain . The streets of Amsterdam , where I am right now , are filled with the royal colors , with orange streamers , orange flags and toy soccer balls hanging over pedestrian streets and canal boats . When the Netherlands plays , everyone watches . People love sports , but they love the World Cup for special reasons . Like other competitions , it resembles life in that the outcomes are the product of skill , merit , luck and even unfairness . All the preparation in the world can come to nothing because of a slip in the grass , an unexpected shove , a referee 's mistake . Unlike other tournaments , this one puts countries of all sizes on the stage . Small ones can topple big ones . It seems as if entire nations take each other on . All the wealth and power in the world can not protect a squad . The United States is an underdog . China did n't qualify . England was defeated by tiny , tight-shirted Uruguay . The tournament distills human emotions to their essence . With so much passion , every point triggers an explosion of unadulterated happiness . What can capture human emotions better than those reaction images from the stands ? In Amsterdam , when the team scores , I mute my television and hear the entire city roar with exhilaration . The tournament may have political resonance , occasionally pitting rival countries , but it also brings out the child in every fan . I have seen grown men walk around wearing neon-bright orange wigs , no doubt wishing they were in the stands in Porto Alegre with their faces painted and Styrofoam cheese for a hat . Everyone 's a child . Another electrifying aspect of the Cup is that the entire world is watching , even in countries not playing . I have found myself working in a variety of countries during the World Cup , often during times of conflict . For some reason , people everywhere seem to dance in the streets when Brazil wins a match . National pride is tightly wound with every country 's squad . When a Dutch actress tweeted a Photoshopped picture making it look as if Colombian players were snorting the foam marking kick lines , Colombia protested , and the actress , Nicolette van Dam , lost her post as a UNICEF ambassador . Peace was restored . The idea that there could be a connection between soccer and peace , as it turns out , came up long before I mentioned it to my father years ago . One of history 's poignant moments came during World War I , in December 1914 -- almost exactly 100 years ago -- when a Christmas truce was declared and German and British soldiers set their guns aside to play a friendly soccer match . When the truce ended , the killing resumed . Unfortunately , soccer is no panacea . Even violence directly connected to the Cup occurs . For most , the World Cup is a wonderful distraction from the difficulties of daily life , from wars and from work , from challenging circumstances and from the knowledge that there is so much else that is serious and troubling in the world . It is not wrong to watch , much less to enjoy the event , even if it does not prevent or stop any real wars . Around the globe , the World Cup is a source of sheer excitement , except for the moment when one 's favorite team loses . But here 's the beauty : When your team loses the disappointment is deep , the sadness is real . Then you remember it 's just a game . It 's really not the end of the world . Note : An earlier version of this story incorrectly said Russia did n't qualify for the World Cup . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Frida Ghitis : Is it OK to watch World Cup games while the world is in strife ? She says people everywhere take a break to bask in the emotion of the games There 's a long history of sport being a harmless way to express rivalries , she says Ghitis : It 's just a game , but the emotions are real
CNN  -- The International Olympic Committee chose Pyeongchang , South Korea , Wednesday to host the 2018 Olympic Winter Games . The other two bid cities were Munich , Germany , and Annecy , France . Pyeongchang narrowly failed in its bids for 2010 and 2014 , losing by three votes to Vancouver , Canada , for last year 's event and by four votes to Sochi , Russia , for the 2014 event . South Korea has never hosted the Winter Games , though the capital city of Seoul hosted the 1988 Summer Games . France has hosted three editions of the Winter Olympics , most recently in 1992 in Albertville . Munich would have been the first city to host both the Summer and Winter Olympics . The city attracted the Summer Games in 1972 . Representatives from the three cities made their cases to committee members in Durban , South Africa Wednesday . The proposed date for the festival of sport to begin is February 9 , 2018 . The Games will take place across 13 venues , with six of those to be constructed of the next seven years . Pyeongchang will become the first Asian city outside of Japan to play host to the Winter Games and hopes to become a center for Winter sports once the event is over . The delegation representing Pyeongchang included Lee Myung-Bak , president of South Korea , 2010 figure skating gold medalist Kim Yu-Na and the former governor of Gangwon province -- where the city is located -- Kim Jin-Seun .	Pyeongchang has been chosen as the host for the 2018 Winter Olympics The South Korean city was chosen ahead of Munich in Germany and Annecy in France Pyeongchang narrowly failed in bids to host the Winter Games in 2010 and 2014
Washington  CNN  -- Five Guantanamo Bay detainees with alleged ties to the 9/11 conspiracy , including accused mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , will be transferred to New York to go on trial in civilian court , Attorney General Eric Holder announced Friday . Mohammed , Ramzi Bin al-Shibh , Walid bin Attash , Ali Abdul Aziz Ali and Mustafa Ahmed al-Hawsawi will all be transferred to the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York -- a short distance from the World Trade Center towers that were destroyed in the September 11 attacks . "  After eight years of delay , those allegedly responsible for the attacks of September 11th will finally face justice , " Holder said . He said he expected all five to be tried together and for prosecutors to seek the death penalty . The trial would be open to the public , although some portions that deal with classified information may be closed , Holder said . "  Based on all of my experience and based on all of the recommendations and the great work and the research that has been done , I am quite confident that the outcomes in these cases will be successful , " he said . He also expressed confidence that an impartial jury would be found "  to ensure a fair trial in New York . " Of the 2,752 people killed in the 9/11 attacks , 2,606 died when terrorists crashed two hijacked airliners into the World Trade Center towers . Holder also announced that five other detainees held at the U.S. military detention facility at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , will be sent to military commissions for trial . They were identified as Omar Khadr , Mohammed Kamin , Ibrahim al Qosi , Noor Uthman Muhammed and Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri . Al-Nashiri is an accused mastermind of the deadly 2000 bombing of the USS Cole ; Khadr is a Canadian charged with the 2002 murder of a U.S. military officer in Afghanistan . Khadr was 15 years old when he was captured in July 2002 . Holder said a venue for the military commissions has not been set . Mohammed "  will be subject to the most exacting demands of justice , " President Obama said Friday in Japan . "  The American people insist on it , and my administration will insist on it , " Obama told reporters at a joint news conference with Japanese Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama . Mohammed is the confessed organizer of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on New York and the Pentagon . But his confession could be called into question during trial . A 2005 Justice Department memo -- released by the Obama administration -- revealed he had been waterboarded 183 times in March 2003 . The CIA has also admitted using waterboarding on al-Nashiri , the first person charged in the United States for the 2000 attack on the USS Cole in Yemen that killed 17 U.S. sailors . Obama has called the technique , which simulates drowning , torture . The alleged 9/11 conspirators are among 215 men held by the U.S. military at the Guantanamo prison camp . The Obama administration has vowed to close the detention facility but acknowledges it is unlikely to happen by its self-imposed January 22 , 2010 , deadline . Bringing some of the world 's top terror suspects to be tried in New York has already sparked outrage , as well as security concerns . "  Khalid Sheikh Mohammed is the most wanted terrorist in the world . Everyone in the world is going to know precisely where he is at precisely one time , " CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said . "  The Foley courthouse could become the focus of a great deal of interest from terrorists . That 's going to take a tremendous security effort . " Watch Toobin list the challenges of this trial U.S. Sen. John Cornyn , R-Texas , issued a statement Friday denouncing the decision to try the 9/11 suspects as "  common criminals . " "  The attacks of September 11th were an act of war , " Cornyn said . "  Reverting to a pre-9 / 11 approach to fighting terrorism and bringing these dangerous individuals onto U.S. soil needlessly compromises the safety of all Americans . Putting political ideology ahead of the safety of the American people just to fulfill an ill-conceived campaign promise is irresponsible . " Texas Rep. Lamar Smith , the top Republican on the House Judiciary Committee , said the decision meant Mohammed and the other defendants would be able to claim new protections , including Miranda and Fourth Amendment rights against unreasonable search and seizure . "  America already gives terrorists more constitutional rights than any other country , " Smith said . "  The administration should not prioritize the rights of terrorists over the rights of Americans to be safe and secure . " But Kristen Breitweiser , whose husband was killed on 9/11 , said she welcomed the trial . "  Some would say New York would now be a target by allowing his -LSB- Mohammed 's -RSB- trial to take place in New York , but I disagree , " she told CNN . Breitweiser still lives in the New York area . "  It would give many of us access to attend the hearings . " She also said that for some who lost loved ones on 9/11 , "  this will be our opportunity to see justice served and have our day in court . "  Our ability to prosecute terrorists successfully in open courtrooms has less to do with the our judicial process and more to do with Bush 's policy on torture that will make these prosecutions more difficult , " she said . CNN Justice Producer Terry Frieden in Washington and Chris Kokenes in New York contributed to this report .	NEW : Five 9/11 suspects to be tried together , attorney general says NEW : No venue set for military commissions for five other suspects Administration extending terrorists ' rights , Republicans say CIA , Justice admit suspects were waterboarded
Paris  CNN  French Prime Minister Manuel Valls on Wednesday announced "  exceptional measures " to respond to the "  change of scale " of the terrorist threat in the wake of deadly attacks two weeks ago in Paris . Valls said close to 3,000 people in France with jihadist ties needed to be under surveillance -- and that the number of people with links to networks in Iraq and Syria had increased by 130 % in the past year . In response to the threat , 2,680 new jobs will be created , of which intelligence services alone will account for 1,100 , he said . Many of the new jobs will be dedicated to tackling the threat from online jihadism . France will allocate 425 million euros  $ 490 million  over the next three years to boost the fight against extremism , Valls said . These resources will be used to buy new equipment , such as bulletproof vests and better weapons for police officers . Valls also said a new bill would be presented in April aimed at reinforcing the intelligence services ' legal position in conducting surveillance . Efforts for early detection of radicalization will be enhanced within the Justice Ministry , he said . People charged with or convicted of acts of terrorism will be placed on a list and required to report trips abroad or changes of address . Other measures are aimed at preventing radicalization in prisons and online . Internet companies and social networks will be expected to cooperate closely with authorities , Valls said . The Prime Minister also detailed the "  consequences for those who attack the nation , " which may include removal from French territory for radical Islamists , or loss of French citizenship . The latter measure will need to be validated by the Constitutional Council on Friday . The costs of the new anti-terrorism provisions will be met through savings in other areas of public spending , Valls said . Through these measures , he concluded , the government was sending a "  message of relentless determination " to the French people . Valls ' announcement comes as Europe ramps up efforts against Islamist extremism in the wake of the Paris attacks . The attacks this month against the satirical Charlie Hebdo magazine and a kosher supermarket have turned the spotlight on links between radical Islamists in Europe and terror networks elsewhere . Al Qaeda 's Yemen affiliate , al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  , has claimed to be behind the January 7 massacre by gunmen Said and Cherif Kouachi at the offices of Charlie Hebdo . And gunman Amedy Coulibaly , who attacked the kosher grocery store on January 9 , proclaimed his allegiance to the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , or ISIS . The suspects in the Paris attacks may have urged their associates to leave France before the plot was carried out , law enforcement sources told CNN . European authorities are concerned that about half a dozen people with ties to the terror suspects are believed to be in Syria and could return to Europe to launch more attacks , the sources said . A Western official added the recent arrests across Europe are similar to the "  hyper-reactivity " after 9/11 in the United States . "  We 've become hyper-reactive to any suggestion of Islamic extremism and are chasing a lot of ghosts out of an excess of caution , " the official said . "  Some are legitimate , and some are not . " From Antwerp to Aleppo and back : Europe 's nightmare In a video released this week , a senior AQAP leader and spokesman urged all would-be jihadists to wage war at home , when possible , as opposed to traveling abroad . "  If he is capable to wage individual jihad in the Western countries that fight Islam -- such as America , Britain , France , Canada , and others of the countries that represent the head of disbelief in waging war against Islam ... If he is capable of that , then that is better and more harmful , " said Nasr Ibn Ali al-Ansi . He continued : "  But if that is impossible , and he is able to serve his brothers on the front lines , then let him immigrate , for it is better . " An off-camera interviewer asked why attacks have abated in the United States . "  By the grace of Allah the great  and  the almighty , we have made efforts in external work , and the enemy knows the danger of that , " al-Ansi said . "  We are preparing and lurking for the enemies of Allah . We incite the believers to do that . " Paris prosecutor François Molins told a news conference that progress has been made in the investigation into the attack carried out by Coulibaly , but less so in the probe into the Kouachi brothers . Molins identified four suspects still in custody as Willy P. , Christophe R. , Tonino G. and Michael A. , giving only the first initial of their last names , and outlined details of the charges against them . None of the four men has been charged with complicity in the kosher market attack . The first three , Willy P. , Christophe R. and Tonino G. , were present when Coulibaly bought the Renault car that he used to reach the site of the attack . It was found parked near the Porte de Vincennes after the attack . The fingerprints of the fourth suspect , named as Michael A. , were found on one of the weapons that police discovered in Coulibaly 's secret apartment in Gentilly , authorities say . His DNA was also found on a glove discovered at the scene of the crime , the prosecutor says . In the days leading up to the attack , Michael A. had exchanged 362 text messages and 18 phone calls with Coulibaly , the prosecutor says . The two men met on January 5 , four days before Coulibaly 's attack . The four men in custody , all in their 20s , were among nine people arrested in a police operation Friday . Five other suspects held since Friday were released Monday night . Amid heightened concern over the threat posed by radical Islamists in Europe , Belgium and Germany have cracked down on alleged extremists in recent days . Belgian authorities continue the hunt for the ringleader behind a terrorist cell targeted in countrywide raids last week in which two suspects died . The suspected key link between senior ISIS operatives in Syria and the Belgian terrorist cell -- Belgian-Moroccan ISIS fighter Abdelhamid Abaaoud -- is still at large , a senior Belgian counterterrorism official said Monday . His last known location was Greece , the official said . One line of inquiry being looked at is whether Abaaoud tried to fake his own death last year while fighting with ISIS in Syria so that he could disappear off the radar screen of Western intelligence services . In October , his family in Brussels received word he had been "  martyred , " his sister told a Belgian newspaper . Belgian investigators believe Abaaoud , rather than dying on the front lines , traveled to Greece and suspect he was communicating by phone from there with the terrorist cell in Belgium . Despite an international manhunt , involving both American and European intelligence agencies , Abaaoud remains at large . The concern is he will return to Syria before he can found . The Belgian prosecutor 's office , meanwhile , said Wednesday that custody had been extended for three suspects arrested in last Thursday 's raids . All three are charged with participation at the activities of a terrorist group and violation of weapons laws . One is also charged with armed rebellion , in a group , with premeditation . That last is Marouan El Bali , who survived the police raid in Verviers in which two suspects died . His attorney said he was not involved in terrorism , but was simply in the wrong place at the wrong time . The Greek authorities have also agreed to the extradition of an Algerian suspect named as Omar S. , the Belgian prosecutor 's office said . The extradition could take place in the following days . When he arrives in Belgium , he will be brought before the investigating judge , who will decide on an arrest warrant , the prosecutor 's office said . Another suspect , named as Abdelmounaim H , was arrested Tuesday and charged with participation in the activities of a terrorist group . He 's due to appear before a Brussels court on Friday , the prosecutor 's office said . Federal prosecutor Eric Van Der Sypt said last week that the alleged terror cell targeted in the countrywide raids was on the brink of an attack and planned to target police officers . Meanwhile , police in Berlin , Brandenburg and Thuringen raided 13 properties linked to suspected radical Islamists overnight Monday to Tuesday . The raids are part of the investigation into two alleged Islamists who were arrested Friday , identified as Ismet D. and Emin F. , Berlin police said . Both of them are accused of providing logistical aid to ISIS . Those subject to the raids have not yet been accused of any crimes , but had contact with Ismet D. and Emin F . There are no indications that the group was preparing attacks in Germany . Coulibaly killed four hostages at the kosher grocery store in Paris before police killed him . He 's also believed to have killed a policewoman a day earlier . New surveillance video obtained by CNN purportedly shows Coulibaly and Hayat Boumedienne -- believed currently to be in Syria -- outside a Jewish institution in Paris . A source familiar with the ongoing investigation into the Paris attacks says there is a high degree of confidence that the video shows Coulibaly and Boumedienne . The video was recorded at the end of August or beginning of September and stored on a security camera . The source says the nature of the video makes it clear that the couple were carrying out surveillance of possible targets for months before Coulibaly launched his attack against the kosher supermarket . The video was stored because it showed possible signs of unusual activity at the location , says the source . CNN 's Sandrine Amiel reported from Paris , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London . CNN 's Pamela Brown , Paul Cruickshank , Tim Lister , Marilia Brocchetto , Anna-Maja Rappard , Mohammed Tawfeeq and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	AQAP leader urges all would-be jihadists to wage war at home French Prime Minister says 3,000 people in France need to be under surveillance France will spend 425 million euros in the next three years on the fight against extremism
Edward Snowden may have left the city , but on Friday Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales told a crowd of devotees gathered in Hong Kong for the website 's annual "  Wikimania " conference that the fugitive leaker 's actions had given him new ideas about the online encyclopedia 's future . "  We live in the era of Snowden and  WikiLeaks founder Julian  Assange , " declared Wales in a keynote address to the crowd , which organizers said had over 500 people from 90 countries . "  All kinds of information that people would prefer to remain secret or private are being exposed . " Wales said Snowden 's leaks about sweeping spy programs caused him to have a "  serious rethink about security . " Fearing intrusions from government agencies like the National Security Agency in the U.S. , Wales announced that Wikipedia would move to encrypt its pages using SSL , or secure socket layer encryption , which protects users from outside monitoring . Pointing to examples of poor mainstream media coverage on internet security issues , Wales also asked Wikipedians to help him think of a new "  hybrid model " of journalism , where volunteers could work with professional journalists to produce serious stories that would counter "  tabloid nonsense " like stories about the girlfriend of Edward Snowden , the former NSA contractor who leaked some of the agency 's top secret programs to the media from a hotel room in Hong Kong before receiving temporary asylum in Russia . Wales showed an image of mainstream news clippings to prove his point . "  Snowden 's girlfriend  is heartbroken because he 's fled Hawaii ... he misses his girlfriend ... I do n't see anything here about who exactly is going to get arrested at the NSA for spying on people illegally , " he said . "  What we really need to do is use editorial judgment to say , ` What really matters ? ' " He proposed a setup in which a carefully vetted volunteer community could be potentially be "  in charge of " mainstream journalists . Stressing that it was merely a brainstorm , the Wikipedia founder invited his community to email him with software and design ideas . Reactions to the Wiki-journalism idea were mixed among attendees . "  I think -LSB- Wales -RSB- did n't think about it very much , " said Silvia Stieneker , 35 , a Wikimedia employee from Germany . "  You can not compare media that has to sell headlines to make them interesting to something like an encyclopedia . " "  I do n't think it will replace traditional newspapers , " said Andre Costa , who works for Wikimedia in Sweden , "  but it should be an alternative . " In an interview with CNN Wales said he had "  great hope " that there would be demand for the idea . "  Some have this negativity that oh , the problem is the general public , they just want to read sexy stories about Kim Kardashian or whatever , it 's hopeless , right ? "  But you know what ? A website that 's more popular than the top 20 newspapers in the world combined is Wikipedia . And people are reading very serious things on Wikipedia . There 's clearly a demand from the public . " "  I think it 's time we start being a little more radical in our thinking . " Another key topic discussed at this year 's Wikimania was diversity . "  I think Wikipedia has a sexism problem , " said Stieneker , who runs a workshop in Berlin that empowers women to write for Wikipedia . Stieneker says "  harsh words for women " are still sometimes used to attack female users , particularly in debates over articles related to gender issues . But she acknowledged that "  the huge majority of Wikipedia is not sexist and very helpful . " She says just seven percent of the German Wikipeida community are women , compared to 13 % of the general Wikipedia population . Wales is aware of the imbalance . "  We really want more women editing , " he told CNN . "  We 're doing a lot of outreach programs . " Wikipedians say other inequalities also exist on the site . Josh Lim , a Wikipedia project director from the Philippines , said he has seen "  culture clashes " between Wikipedia 's "  core demographic of white , highly-educated males in Western countries " and editors of less-represented backgrounds . "  An American administrator might delete an article about a school in the Philippines because he thinks it 's ` not notable , ' which we would take personally , " he said . According to Lim , "  systemic bias " from Westerners has discouraged his team , and many editors have left . Wales acknowledged the tensions . "  There will always be some cultural conflict around the edges about what 's notable and not . And sometimes we make the wrong decisions . " "  But we generally get it right because our community has a spirit of inquiry and desire of understanding . And it 's great if a member of our community stands up and says we 're doing this wrong , and you need to stop and think about it . " "  One of the great things about the Wikipedia community -- that can be exhausting -- is we talk about everything , " said Wales .	Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales calls for new model of journalism Wales spoke to CNN during annual "  Wikimania " conference in Hong Kong Wales says Snowden 's NSA leaks caused him to have a rethink on security for site Wales tells CNN he wants more women editing content on online encyclopedia
EW.com  -- It was the McDonald 's of video rental chains . The company that squashed countless local mom-and-pop video stores ; its ubiquitous blue-and-yellow signs blanketing the country , cities and suburbs alike , with the promise of a largely efficient , largely impersonal , sometimes painless video rental experience . By 2004 , Blockbuster Video had 9,000 remarkably similar-looking locations . By every retail business standard , Blockbuster Video had won . Then , slowly , as The New York Times put it earlier today , "  Internet killed the video store . " Blockbuster eventually adapted to changing technology and consumer habits , but not fast enough . There were struggles . Netflix . Policy changes . No late fees ! Store closures . Late fees are back again ! Ownership change . And in January , the chain will be gone , shuttering its remaining stores and DVD mail service . Some are posting fond remembrances of Blockbuster . You ca n't spend that many hours of your life somewhere , especially if it was during your youth , and not have some emotional attachment to the place . But let 's face it : Blockbuster was never cool . It was never really the good guy , or a company you cheered for . So let 's tell it like it really was . Here 's 10 things we wo n't miss about Blockbuster Video : 1 . The wrong movie is in the box . These first few entries listed could be said about video stores in general . But once Blockbuster Video conquered the known video rental world , Blockbuster Video was "  the video store . " The company became synonymous with what a video store is , and its downfall is largely because it kept being just a video store . So these are fair game . So : You get home from Blockbuster . You have your overpriced 2-liter soda and movie-theater-sized box of Skittles and your movie . You go to the DVD player and open the box . And then : "  WHERE IS STARSHIP TROOPERS ? THIS IS FLATLINERS ! " 2 . The scavenger hunt . The clerk 's computer says there 's one copy of Office Space in the store . But its not where it should be on the shelf . Maybe it 's behind another movie ? Maybe its stacked in the wrong category ? It could n't be under "  Drama " could it ? "  Where is it ? You said you had a copy in stock . Where is it !? " So you go on a scavenger hunt around the store with the clerk trying to find that missing copy of Office Space because you 're really in the mood for Office Space and your heart was set on watching it . The best part of this is when the poor schlub clerk gets on his hands and knees and goes through the return bin to see if it 's buried under copies of Titanic . Then he finally says maybe Office Space was stolen . STOLEN . You know , like your time . 3 . The unkind . Now we 're going way back : Blockbuster was normally pretty decent about staying on top of this , but we ca n't do a post on video store gripes without mentioning those VCR tapes that were not rewound . "  Be Kind , Rewind . " Also : Scratched / unplayable rentals . 4 . The New Releases mirage . Blockbuster-specific gripes now : You think you 're not too late to get a copy of The Fellowship of the Ring even though its Friday night and it just came out this week , because there 's a whole section of the New Releases wall filled with copies of the film . But remember : The movie artwork boxes are hollow . The boxes with the actual discs are in the Blockbuster boxes behind the artwork boxes . None of the false-front boxes have movies behind them . It 's a trick ! The display wall is a total mirage . Blockbuster succeeded in looking fully stocked with the latest movies , even when there 's not one copy in the store . Fooled you ! Now go see if a copy of Legend is in , loser ! 5 . Late fees . Of course . Late fees . Once you rented a Blockbuster video , the clock was ticking . You better watch it the first night , especially if it was a coveted New Release . Those dollar-a-day fees stack up quick . And there 's an unholy checking-account-crippling $ 60-80 full replacement fee lurking if you ever actually lost one of those boxes . For all their brightly lit stores , Blockbuster Video operated like the grim gang in Goodfellas : "  Oh you forgot to return a DVD by midnight ? F -- k you , pay me ! You returned it with the wrong disc ? F -- k you , pay me ! " 6 . Prudishness . You had to get your porn elsewhere . Okay . But even NC-17 films of some artistic/entertainment merit were banned by the chain in the 1990s , which was yet another blow against studios looking for a way to distribute NC-17 films . In other words : If you really wanted to appreciate Elizabeth Berkley causing a minor tsunami in a swimming pool in Showgirls , you could n't get it at Blockbuster . 7 . Indie/foreign film ? Ha ! It 's called Blockbuster Video for a reason , film geek . You want an art film , or something with something nutty like subtitles , you best go someplace else . But Blockbuster will have 71 copies of Enemy of the State . 8 . Those uniforms . During its heyday , Blockbuster had Disney-style clean-cut rules for its employees , who also had to wear pretty dorky uniforms  rather than dress like , you know , normal people , like at indie video and record stores  . A group of male employees actually sued Blockbuster for a 1994 policy that banned male employees from having long hair . Check out this Blockbuster employee training video below . A creepily omniscient training manager who calls himself a "  professional opportunist " gets rather inappropriate with a teenage clerk and prods her to date a customer 's son while harassing her for apparently committing the unspeakable sin of accepting Bon Jovi tickets .  If you find yourself obsessing about this amazing video , which is totally understandable , you 'll find a breakdown of it from an ex-employee here  . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Blockbuster is closing its remaining stores Some of the things EW wo n't miss includes the wrong movie in the box EW also wo n't miss the uniforms
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- President Obama wrapped up an eight-day tour of Asia on Thursday , holding talks with South Korean President Lee Myung-bak and speaking to American troops at Osan Air Base . Nuclear negotiations involving North Korea and Iran highlighted a news conference held by the leaders . Obama announced that he will send American envoy Stephen Bosworth to North Korea on December 8 for bilateral talks on dismantling Pyongyang 's nuclear program . "  If North Korea is prepared to take concrete and irreversible steps to fulfill its obligations and eliminate its nuclear weapons program , the United States will support economic assistance and help promote its full integration into the community of nations , " Obama said . "  That opportunity and respect will not come with threats . North Korea must live up to its obligations . " Obama also said the United States and its allies were working on steps to take against Iran after its apparent rejection of a nuclear deal . "  We have begun discussions with international partners about the importance of having consequences , " Obama said . "  Our expectation is that , over the next several weeks , we will be developing a package of potential steps we could take that will indicate our seriousness to Iran . I continue to hold out the prospect that they may decide to walk through this door . I hope they do . " Iran rejected a key plank of a deal Wednesday designed to ease international fears that Tehran aims to build nuclear weapons . Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki said his country will not send its partly enriched uranium abroad to be turned into material for medical research , but added that Tehran might allow its nuclear material to be reprocessed inside Iran , the semiofficial ISNA news agency reported . The deal hammered out in November with the help of the U.N. watchdog agency aimed to reduce the amount of raw material Iran has to build a nuclear bomb . Tehran denies that it wants to do so , saying its nuclear program is to produce civilian nuclear energy and do medical work . During their news conference , Obama and Lee also expressed support for a stalled U.S.-South Korea free trade agreement . The deal was signed in 2007 , but has yet to be ratified by the legislatures of either country . South Korea was the final stop on Obama 's four-nation tour of Asia . Obama began his trip in Japan before traveling to Singapore , where he attended the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations economic forum , meeting on the sidelines with world leaders including Russian President Dmitry Medvedev . Obama then traveled to China , where he met with leaders including President Hu Jintao . After their talks , the two spoke of a common vision of shared responsibilities and economic opportunities . Trade , nuclear proliferation , climate change and the sticky issue of human rights were part of their discussions . Obama , whose flight will stop for refueling in Alaska , is due back in the United States on Thursday .	President Obama returning to United States after four-nation tour of Asia Obama announced plans to send envoy to North Korea for nuclear talks Obama met with South Korean President Lee Myung-bak to discuss free trade agreement
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- The suspected leader of the Basque separatist group , ETA , and two alleged accomplices were arrested over the weekend in France . Jurdan Martitegui Lizaso is the fifth ETA suspect arrested in France in the past two weeks . Jurdan Martitegi Lizaso , 28 , was arrested Saturday in a French-Spanish operation near Perpignan in southeast France , Spanish Interior Minister Alfredo Perez Rubalcaba said Sunday in a nationally televised news conference here . Hours later , in northern Spain 's Basque region , six other ETA suspects -- ages 25-31 -- were arrested , Rubalcaba said . Police suspect Martitegi replaced the suspected ETA military chief who was arrested last December and who , in turn , had replaced the alleged ETA military chief who was arrested last November , Rubalcaba said . Those arrests occurred in France , from where ETA has launched a number of attacks into Spain . ETA is blamed for more than 800 deaths in its more than four decades of fighting for Basque independence and is listed as a terrorist group by the European Union and the United States . Rubalcaba said police had also dismantled two ETA commando cells before they could strike , one of them last October in northern Spain 's Navarra province , and the other late Saturday , when the six suspects were arrested . Martitegi 's arrest came after police trailed an alleged ETA local leader from Spain to a meeting in France with Martitegi for a two-hour training session on the use of explosives and weapons , Rubalcaba said . Police made the arrests in France right after the meeting , before the alleged local leader could return to Spain to share those details with his alleged commando cells , Rubalcaba said . Police seized three pistols , two vehicles , and a small quantity of explosives from Martitegi and the two others arrested in France , Rubalcaba said . "  I think it 's very good news and shows the constant police coordination and the cooperation between the police and the courts , " Spanish Judge Baltasar Garzon , who was involved in the latest investigation , told reporters . Martitegi is the fifth ETA suspect arrested in France in the past two weeks . Given the heavy police crackdown , Rubalcaba said investigators have noted some internal discussion among ETA members about whether they should continue their armed fight or try for a negotiated end to the violence . But he said the government , which held failed peace talks with ETA under three prime ministers since the 1980s , was no longer willing to negotiate . "  The process of dialogue is the past , and the past never returns , " Rubalcaba said , adding that ETA would have to decide to end the violence itself , or the state would force the group to end it . Over the past two years , police in Spain and France have arrested 365 ETA suspects , Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero said in December . But top Spanish officials have repeatedly warned that ETA , while weakened , is not finished . There are about 600 ETA convicts or suspects in Spanish jails and 150 others in French jails , authorities in both countries have told CNN .	Jurdan Martitegui Lizaso wanted for various ETA attacks in Spain State security forces say Martitegui was ETA 's "  No. 1 " ETA is blamed for more than 800 deaths in fight for Basque independence
Washington  CNN  -- Democratic and Republican leaders do n't see eye to eye on much these days . But political veterans on both sides of the aisle do agree on one point -- the stakes are high in the rapidly approaching 2014 midterm races . For Democrats , the midterms are all about holding their slim Senate majority and , if possible , defying historical odds by retaking the House of Representatives . They want to give President Barack Obama a working congressional majority for his last two years in office to help secure his legacy and lay the best possible groundwork for the party 's standard bearer in 2016 . For Republicans , it 's the polar opposite . 2014 is all about finally realizing their maddeningly elusive goal of recapturing the Senate while also boosting their House majority , ensuring Obama 's a powerless lame duck , and pounding away at presidential accomplishments like the Affordable Care Act in the run-up to 2016 . Poll : Voters split over Republicans , Democrats in 2014 Which party will come out on top next year ? It 's too early to know . But here are seven key factors to keep in mind : 1 . Obamacare Republicans have promised to keep this issue front and center throughout 2014 . And the botched rollout of the HealthCare.gov website -- combined with news of canceled insurance policies and problems with the new exchanges -- has given the GOP plenty of ammunition . The number of Americans citing health care as the country 's biggest problem recently jumped seven percentage points -- from 12 % in October to 19 % in November -- according to Gallup . Meanwhile , the public 's opinion of Obamacare has soured . Net disapproval of Obamacare jumped from three points  44 % approval versus 47 % disapproval  in October to 15 points  40 % approval versus 55 % disapproval  in November , according to Gallup . Pelosi defends Obamacare claims , ca n't predict effect on 2014 This month , Democrats came close to losing a gubernatorial race in Virginia that most analysts believed they 'd win easily . Why ? Part of the reason appeared to be Obamacare 's sinking numbers . More than a quarter of Virginia voters said health care -- a traditional Democratic strength -- was their most important issue . They narrowly broke for the Republican nominee . Congressional Democrats are spooked . Thirty-nine of them voted last week for a GOP bill that would let insurers continue to offer policies not in compliance with the minimum standards outlined in the Affordable Care Act . Obamacare rattles Democrats with midterms looming "  Even if the Obama administration fixes Obamacare in the near term or before November 2014 , this ineptitude ... has shaken voter confidence in government to its core , " said Brown University political scientist Wendy Schiller . "  Democrats have relied on government solutions to a wide range of problems to win campaigns . I believe that strategy is now threatened and the Democrats will have to work on their policy messaging for November 2014 if they want to hang onto the Senate . " GOP taints 2014 Democrats with Obama health care pledge 2 . Shutdown fatigue How badly did the Republican party hurt itself during the recent government shutdown ? For the first time since the GOP won back the House in 2010 , a majority of Americans said in mid-October they believe GOP control of the House is bad for the country . A majority of Americans -- 54 % -- had a negative view of Republican control of the House , up 11 points since last year , according to a CNN/ORC poll . The question now is whether voters ' collective memory of the shutdown has been eclipsed by Obamacare 's problems . "  The GOP has to avoid the kinds of disastrous politics that surrounded the recent government shutdown and debt ceiling fights , " Schiller said . "  They have to appear more rational , reasoned and caring as a national party . " "  Ironically , " she added , "  the GOP leadership looks more justified  now  in calling for a delay in Obamacare but their tactics were so extreme that voters are still wary of them . " Top GOP congressional leaders are promising there wo n't be another shutdown , but will they be able to control their rank and file ? And if they ca n't , will that play into Democratic charges that the GOP is now a party under the control of its extreme fringe ? 3 . The economy It seems like common sense . If your bank account 's hurting , the president 's party is hurting . If you 're doing well , the president 's party does well . Except that this is n't always the case . Real Clear Politics ' Sean Trende said it best four years ago : "  Is the President pursuing an unpopular war and controversial policies at home  Lyndon Johnson in 1966 , George W. Bush in 2006  ? Then it probably does n't matter that the economy is blazing ahead . Is the President waging a successful war and getting ready to take out a longtime nemesis  George W. Bush in 2002  ? The public is going to be more forgiving of the sluggish growth in real disposable income and rising unemployment . "  The bottom line is that every election becomes something of an explainable , unique event . " That said , some of the worst midterm losses for the president 's party -- 1930 , 1938 , 1946 , 1958 , 1974 , 1982 , 2010 -- occurred during or shortly after a downturn . "  A bad recession occurring close to a midterm election is n't a necessary condition for a disastrous midterm election , but it seems to be sufficient , " Trende notes . There are special factors at play in every election cycle , but all things being equal the Democrats should be in better shape if the economy 's in better shape . Republicans should be in better shape if the economy 's in worse shape . No. 2 Democrat says GOP could easily lose House 4 . Six-year itch One of the biggest factors working in the GOP 's favor next year could be the simple fact that Americans are ready for a change six years into a Democratic presidency . The president 's party almost always loses congressional seats in the sixth year of his term . Almost . The one recent exception to this rule came in 1998 , in the midst of an apparent voter backlash against the Clinton impeachment . Could GOP overreach on Obamacare or other issues create the perfect storm for another exception in 2014 ? 5 . Gerrymandering in the House While all 435 House seats are up in 2014 , the reality is that the overwhelming majority of those seats will not be seriously contested . The art of gerrymandering has evolved into a virtual science over the last couple of decades , leading to greater incumbent protection and a much smaller political playing field . CNN has tentatively identified 45 House races to watch in 2014 -- 25 Democratic seats and 20 Republican seats . Given the fact that the Democrats now hold 200 seats  201 assuming they hold Ed Markey 's open Massachusetts seat  , virtually everything would have to break the Democrats ' way for them to recapture the House . 6 . Who turns out ? Midterm turnout is typically lower , which translates to whiter , older , and more Republican . Core GOP constituencies are more likely to turn out at the midterm polls . Take a look , for example , at the most recent two election cycles . The electorate in 2012 was 72 % white , 16 % age 65 or older and 53 % Protestant . Forty-two percent of voters attended religious services weekly . In 2010 , the electorate was 77 % white , 21 % age 65 or older and 55 % Protestant . Forty-eight percent of voters attended religious services weekly . All four of these groups vote solidly Republican . If 2014 turns out to be a "  typical " midterm in this respect , it will be a critical advantage for the Republicans . 7 . Electability versus purity Republicans have been burned over the last couple of election cycles by primaries that led to the nomination of sub-par general election candidates . In 2010 , the GOP blew great opportunities to win Democratic Senate seats in Colorado , Delaware , and Nevada when they nominated three tea party favorites -- Ken Buck , Christine O'Donnell and Sharron Angle -- who subsequently stumbled and proved unacceptable to larger general election electorates . In 2012 , the Republicans tossed away a safe GOP seat when six-term moderate Sen. Richard Lugar lost his primary fight to more conservative state Treasurer Richard Mourdock . Democrats pounced on remarks Mourdock made during the general election suggesting that pregnancies resulting from rape are "  something God intended . " The seat was ultimately won by Democratic nominee Joe Donnelly . In Missouri , Republicans lost a golden opportunity to oust vulnerable Democratic Sen. Claire McCaskill last year when GOP nominee Rep. Todd Akin declared that in instances of "  legitimate rape " a woman 's body "  has ways to try to shut that whole thing down . " McCaskill trounced Akin by roughly 15 points . In 2014 , GOP primary voters will help decide more Senate and House where conservative tea party candidates have been pitted against Republican establishment types . One of the most notable of these contests is happening in Kentucky , where Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell is facing off against tea party favorite Matt Bevin . This is not to say that the establishment choice is always the best one for Republicans . It 's not . And the grassroots energy provided by tea party activists is critical to GOP chances . But the lesson of recent cycles should n't be ignored in 2014 . Primaries matter . Battle for the House in 2014 : Obamacare vs. shutdown	Obamacare fiasco has shaken voter confidence in Democrats ' government solutions Will voters ' memories of October shutdown be eclipsed by Obamacare a year from now ? Worst losses have occurred to president 's party during or shortly after economic slowdown Could GOP overreach on Obamacare or other issues break cycle of six-year itch ?
CNN  -- There 's one thing Kentucky Republican Senate candidate Rand Paul and his Democratic opponent Jack Conway have in common : They 're both finished talking about "  Aqua Buddha . " Conway 's controversial attack ad paralyzed both campaigns this week . The spot accuses Paul of once belonging to a group that mocked religion in his college days at Baylor University . The ad features a claim from an anonymous woman who told The Washington Post and GQ magazine that Paul 's group forced her to pray to a false idol named Aqua Buddha . At a news conference at the Atlas Machine and Supply factory outside of Louisville , Kentucky , Paul signed a pledge to repeal the estate tax , dubbed the "  death tax " by conservatives . But most of the questions from reporters were focused on the Aqua Buddha controversy . In a brief interview with CNN , the Tea Party-backed Republican rejected the ad 's allegations and slammed Conway for running it . "  I think he ought to be ashamed of himself , " Paul said . "  In my entire life , I 've written and said a lot of things . I 've never said or written anything un-Christian in my life . " Answering only a few questions , Paul walked away from the interview . Paul 's campaign told CNN on Friday that he will take part in a debate Monday night . He had previously threatened to pull out after Conway raised the Aqua Buddha issue . Conway also resisted questions about the ad at his own campaign events this week . The Democratic candidate and the state 's current attorney general now plans to run more issue-oriented spots in the final days of the campaign , letting the Aqua Buddha ad "  run its course . " He still defends the commercial . "  I 'm not questioning Rand Paul 's faith . I 'm questioning his actions , " Conway said . But some of Conway 's own supporters in the state have questioned the wisdom of running the ad . Conway backer and Christian County Judge Executive Steve Tribble told CNN , "  I might not have done it . " Tribble said he understood why Conway ran the spot , noting Paul has said "  some strange things . " A critic of the bank bailouts but a supporter of the new health care law , Conway is running in a state where President Obama is deeply unpopular . He 's opted to campaign with former President Bill Clinton instead of Obama . When asked about his reluctance to have the current president at his side , Conway said , "  This campaign 's about me versus Rand Paul . " Conway 's latest line of attack is that Paul once indicated his support for scrapping the income tax , in favor of what conservatives call the "  fair tax . " It 's essentially a 23 percent national sales tax on all purchases . Paul told CNN he 's open to the idea but not sold on it . "  I 've always said I 'll support any tax reform that lowers taxes on everyone . So that 's sort of the rule of thumb that would have to be . And that simplifies the tax code . That might be one of the alternatives . So would be a flatter income tax , " Paul said . Paul has granted few national media interviews since he won the Republican primary in Kentucky earlier this year . In the days following that surprise victory , Paul 's libertarian views came under scrutiny after he raised questions about the 1964 Civil Rights Act and the Americans with Disabilities Act . Paul never imagined his behavior in college would be fair game . At his news conference , he said the Aqua Buddha ad would discourage future candidates from running for political office . "  Do we want to have a religious test in our country ? " he asked .	NEW : Rand Paul says he 'll take part in a Monday night debate that he 'd threatened to pull out of Jack Conway 's ad accuses Paul of once belonging to a group that mocked religion Paul says that Conway should be ashamed and that he 's never been un-Christian Conway says he 'll run more issue-oriented spots but defends the "  Aqua Buddha " ad
CNN  -- A Connecticut paramedic has been charged in the alleged sexual assault last month of a woman who was only semiconscious in the back of an ambulance , according to police . Mark Powell , 49 , was charged with first-degree sexual assault and unlawful restraint after he turned himself over to authorities Thursday , according to Hamden Police Capt. Ronald Smith . Smith said the 22-year-old woman received emergency medical treatment after hitting her head on Christmas Day and was transported to Yale-New Haven Hospital . It was during that time in the ambulance that the alleged victim , who was strapped to a stretcher , was assaulted , Smith said , citing the woman 's account . The woman said she waited three days to report the incident because she was embarrassed and afraid , according to Smith . The American Medical Response released a statement earlier this week saying that Powell has been placed on administrative leave . "  AMR takes very seriously our responsibility to provide safe care and transport for our patients , and we do not tolerate any kind of abusive behavior , " said Charles Babson , General Manager of American Medical Response . Powell has been released on $ 25,000 bond and is scheduled to appear in court January 19 . It is unclear whether he has retained legal counsel .	Police say the paramedic sexually assaulted a woman in the back of an ambulance The woman , 22 , was being transported after hitting her head on Christmas Day Mark Powell has been released on $ 25,000 bond ; court appearance set for January 19 It is unclear whether Powell , 49 , has retained legal counsel
BANGKOK , Thailand  CNN  -- Oscar-winning actress Angelina Jolie has asked Thailand to permit greater freedom for thousands of refugees stuck in camps after fleeing neighboring Myanmar , according to a U.N. statement released Friday . Angellina Jolie and Brad Pitt visited refugees in northern Thailand on Wednesday . Jolie and actor Brad Pitt traveled to a refugee camp in northern Thailand on Wednesday in effort to draw international attention to what the U.N. has called "  restricted " movement of roughly 111,000 refugees housed in nine camps along the Thai-Myanmar border , the statement said . Jolie has spent several years as a goodwill ambassador for the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees . She said her passion for helping refugees , whom she calls "  the most vulnerable people in the world , " was sparked in 2001 during visits to Cambodia . " The U.N. estimates more than 5,000 people have fled to northern Thailand 's Mae Hong Son province between 2006 and 2007 . A recent CNN investigation found evidence of the Thai army towing an apparent boatload of 190 Rohingya refugees -- a Muslim minority group from Myanmar -- out to sea , prompting Thai authorities to launch an investigation . CNN 's Dan Rivers and Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	Angelina Jolie calls on Thai leaders to grant more freedom to refugees Thousands of refugees are stuck in camps after fleeing Myanmar Jolie is currently goodwill ambassador for U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees
CNN  -- Secretary of the Senate Nancy Erickson has rejected Roland Burris ' appointment to the Senate , an aide to the secretary told CNN . Roland Burris says Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich 's problems have nothing to do with him . Erickson rejected Burris ' appointment because his certificate of appointment was missing the signature of Illinois Secretary of State Jesse White , the aide said Monday . Rule 2 of the Standing Rules of the Senate states that the secretary of state must sign the certificate of election along with the governor . White has declined to sign the certificate , siding with some Senate Democrats who say Burris should not be seated because of the cloud over Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich , who is accused of trying to sell President-elect Barack Obama 's Senate seat . The embattled governor last week appointed Burris to fill the seat . According to a Democratic source and a Democratic Senate leadership aide , without the signed certificate , Burris will be denied access to the Senate floor . But Burris insists he has the legal right to serve as senator and has said he will appear at the Senate 's door Tuesday . Watch what Burris says about the appointment " "  I am going -LSB- to Washington -RSB- to be seated . I am the junior senator from the state of Illinois -- that 's all I can say , " he said Monday at an airport news conference in Chicago , Illinois , before leaving for Washington . He said he is not bothered by controversy surrounding his appointment by Blagojevich because "  the appointment is legal . " Pressed by reporters on what he would do if he is refused admission to the Senate floor , Burris said , "  If I am turned away , my lawyers will take it from there , and we 'll see what happens . " He said he has not been contacted by anyone from the Obama team , and he insisted that he is not upset at the situation surrounding his appointment . "  I 'm not angry with anybody , " Burris said . "  In fact , I 'm enjoying this on behalf of the people of Illinois . " In an interview Monday with Wolf Blitzer for CNN 's "  The Situation Room , " Burris downplayed the issue of a missing signature on the certificate of appointment . "  We know that under Illinois law and constitutional law that the secretary of state can in no way veto legal action of the governor , " Burris said . "  So that signature is only perfunctory and ceremonial to put the seal on it for , you know , recording and filing purposes . " One possible compromise being considered by some in the Senate Democratic leadership would be allowing Burris to be seated in the Senate so long as he agrees not to run in 2010 . A senior Democratic source familiar with Senate leadership deliberations said a Democratic concern about seating Burris is that his association with Blagojevich would make him so tainted that he would lose the Democratic seat if he ran in the next election . The compromise would clear the field for other Democratic candidates that the leadership considers more viable to run in 2010 . Democratic sources cautioned that this is just one idea being discussed and that the Democratic leadership has n't formally settled on making the offer to Burris . The source familiar with the deliberations said one key to this compromise , and a way around declarations that anyone Blagojevich appoints is tainted , would be to give the Burris appointment political legitimacy by having Illinois Lt. Gov. Pat Quinn publicly endorse it . Asked about the possibility of agreeing not to run in 2010 , Burris told reporters , "  I ca n't negotiate in the press . " Senate Democratic leaders have scheduled a meeting with Burris Wednesday . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid on Monday said lawmakers have the legal authority to block Burris ' appointment , but Reid has also left open the possibility that Burris could be seated . "  Let 's just wait and see and when we have something real , we 'll deal with it , " he said , adding that Burris will "  not be allowed on the floor " until his appointment is certified . He dismissed the idea of Burris not running in 2010 , saying , "  I think that would not be a good deal to me . " Burris said he will meet with Reid on Wednesday . "  I will tell him I 'm here to take my seat , " he said . Burris , 71 , is one of Illinois ' most accomplished African-American politicians . Senate leaders questioning the appointment cite Article 1 , Section 5 of the U.S. Constitution , which states , "  Each house shall be the judge of the elections , returns and qualifications of its own members . " Those leaders say the problem is that the pick was made by the potentially tainted governor ; the problem is n't Burris himself . CNN 's Dana Bash , Martina Stewart and Ted Barrett contributed to this report .	NEW : Majority Leader Harry Reid leaves open possibility Burris could be seated Certificate missing signature of secretary of state , aide says Roland Burris says he has the legal right to be senator Some senators say appointment is tainted because of charges against governor
CNN  -- You 've found a fabulous story to tell . You 've snared the hard-to-get interviews . You 're on the scene to watch the most dramatic moments unfold . The quotes are memorable , the tension palpable . It 's a story that really matters . Now you 're back at your desk , buried in a mountain of notes , audio , video and stills . Time to sharpen your editing chops . What drew you to the story in the first place ? What surprised you ? What choked you up ? And , most importantly , what does it all mean ? Questions are your friend at every storytelling stage -- from idea incubation to reporting , writing and producing . They can help focus and shape the story . Here are five questions you should ask -- and answer -- while whittling down that mountain of material to build your story . It 's called editing , but it 's really just thinking smartly . 1 . Through whose eyes am I telling this story ? Whether told in words or pictures , many stories are seen through a wide-angle lens . And the result is that each quote and fact seems to carry the same weight . The story covers a lot of ground , but fails to go deep . Often it is more effective to change that focus , from wide-angle to close-up . In the aftermath of the earthquake in Haiti , the mounting death toll threatened to render the victims faceless . And the enormity of the rescue efforts began to feel unfathomable . But CNN 's Moni Basu focused on small , singular stories that stood for the universal : She told of one rescuer who became a woman 's last hope . She took us inside the mind of one survivor pulled from the rubble after six days . Taking this approach , Basu followed the advice of E.B. White : "  Do n't write about Man ; write about ` a ' man . " 2 . Who has something at stake ? Lisa Pollak , a former newspaper reporter who is now a producer for This American Life , was asked to interview the winner of the National Oreo Cookie Stacking Contest . And she did . But a key decision turned "  One Good Thing on Top of Another " into a delicious surprise . The writing sparkles , but it 's the storytelling that enchants . Read this gem of story , and see what important question led Lisa to a masterful stroke . 3 . What 's going to happen next ? Take advantage of a story 's mysteries , the questions raised . Pulitzer Prize-winning writer and teacher Tom French calls this question -- "  What 's going to happen next ? " -- the engine that propels the story forward . It 's like sex , says another writer and editor : You want to hold back the climax . In a story  as in lovemaking  , if the climax comes too soon , how long will you stick with it ? In writing about his travels with two Muslims on a cross-country road trip for Ramadan , CNN 's Wayne Drash is careful to promise the reader that something surprising and dramatic is going to happen without giving it away . Are you hooked by his hint that the trip was n't all "  peace , love and Kumbaya " ? 4 . What 's the story really about ? Writing guru William Zinsser offers two questions to guide a storyteller in determining what material goes in the story and what hits the cutting-room floor : 1 . What is the story about ? 2 . What is the point ? The first question is about content . The second is about meaning . Everything in your story must go to one of those questions . Otherwise , it stays in your notes . Another useful exercise : Describe your story in three to five words . Now reduce that description to one word . If you ca n't , you 're still focused on the story 's content . Finding just one word will force you to name its theme . CNN 's Jessica Ravitz wrote about BP oil spill victims from Louisiana traveling to Alaska to see what they could learn from the victims of the Exxon Valdez spill more than 20 years ago . That 's what her story was about . What was the point ? Read Ravitz 's story to see if you can tell how she answered that question . 5 . Where should the story begin ? Once you know the theme of your story , you have the answer to this question : begin with a scene or a moment or description that contains the story 's essential meaning . Note the first image in Walter Astrada 's video "  Undesired , " about the pressure women in India face to bear a male child . It contains the story 's essence . Look at the first paragraph in Pollak 's Pulitzer-winning story about a boy diagnosed with the same deadly disease as his brother and facing terrible odds . When you learn to investigate your notes and tape for what lies beneath -- the meaning -- your storytelling becomes just that : meaningful . Ready to give these tips a try ? Do this : tell the story of an object that reveals something about someone you know . Then join us Thursday , October 14 , at 3:30 p.m. ET for a conversation with Winburn .	The iReport Boot Camp challenges iReporters to improve their storytelling chops This week 's focus is editing , with advice from CNN.com Enterprise Editor Jan Winburn Editing is really about thinking smart : finding the focus and the meaning of a story Ask yourself five questions to shape your story
CNN  -- When Saddam Hussein 's elite Republican Guard invaded Kuwait in 1990 , they brought back some unusual war booty to Baghdad : tapes of the region 's "  Sesame Street " show . Troops also took a Muppet camel . Haneen and Karim are two of the Muppet stars in "  Shara'a Simsim , " the Palestinian version of "  Sesame Street . " The camel , Cookie Monster and the other Sesame friends immediately became permanent POWs in Iraq . "  To this day , they 've never been recovered , " Sesame Workshop President and CEO Gary Knell said . "  That 's how much the show is loved there . " That "  kidnapping " is just one example of Sesame Street 's devoted global following . And Sesame is trying to use that following to foster a culture of understanding worldwide , beginning with children . In the Palestinian territories , Muppets teach nonviolence on a local version of Sesame Street called "  Shara'a Simsim . " Sesame Workshop calls this effort "  Muppet diplomacy . " "  This means using our characters -- characters children love and parents trust -- to bridge some of the world 's most intractable divides , " Knell said . "  Muppets give children , and the parents who watch the show with them , a chance to explore other cultures from the safety of their living room , where no one will criticize them for being curious . " Daoud Kuttab , executive producer of "  Shara'a Simsim , " knows that the Muppets are highly effective communicators . "  Anything the Muppets do , anything they say , any idea they transmit , the children accept . " Watch a clip from the Palestinian version of "  Sesame Street " " An internationally respected Palestinian journalist , Kuttab began working with the show more than a decade ago . After covering the war-torn region for years , he realized that Sesame was a great way to reach Palestinian children who desperately needed an alternative to the harsh lessons they were absorbing . "  I would say 3 - , 4 - , 5-year olds -- if we do n't catch them at that early age , we do risk losing them to all kinds of propaganda , whether it 's conservative , religious or fundamentalist , " Kuttab said . Hamas television runs a weekly program for kids , that sometimes preaches violent resistance . "  They have to be willing , prepared for the future . And that 's why the Palestinians are showing seriousness , " said Ahmed Yousef , a political leader in Hamas , the party in power in Gaza . "  To keep our dignity and our independence , we have to sacrifice our life . We are either victorious , or we die for the good cause . " With some funding from the U.S. State Department and guidance from the U.S. producers , Kuttab 's team developed the Sesame program into something uniquely Palestinian , complete with live-action segments filmed in the West Bank and Gaza , a set that looks like a typical Palestinian street and Muppets named Haneen and Karim . Watch Palestinian Americans trying to instill peace in society 's youngest members " "  We are interested in teaching tolerance , respect , pride in their own country and their own nation , and also in understanding that there are people who are different , and that 's OK , " Kuttab said . Worldwide influence Sesame 's influential roots go back decades . The creators of "  Sesame Street " launched the show in the 1960s to fill a gap in American education . Studies had presented compelling evidence that solid early education was vital for a child 's later learning ; still , public pre-kindergartens were scarce , and early education was rarely available to underprivileged children . Although it was designed to address an American need , Sesame Street had immediate global appeal . In the 1970s , German producers put their version of the show on air . Today , children in 120 countries watch some version of "  Sesame Street . " "  When I saw -LSB- Sinn Fein leader -RSB- Gerry Adams wearing a Cookie Monster watch , " Sesame Workshop 's Knell said , "  I knew we had made it in Northern Ireland . " The program has always found fun and funny ways to teach reading and counting . But interspersed with those ABCs and 123s are lessons in cooperation , tolerance and mutual respect . It was n't by accident that Sesame was a multiracial street as far back as the 1960s . Its creators wanted children to understand that integration was OK , a message so controversial at the time that "  Sesame Street " was banned by some TV stations in the U.S. South . Those social messages help explain Sesame Street 's appeal to television programmers around the globe . Still , what 's an important issue in one country may not be in another . That 's why Sesame Workshop has helped local producers create customized versions of the show in more than 20 countries . In South Africa , for instance , a country where one in nine children is an AIDS orphan , "  Takalani Street " producers pushed to create a Muppet who is HIV-positive while the South African government was still coming to grips with the country 's AIDS epidemic . "  The local producers knew it was important for children to see an AIDS orphan who still has a sunny disposition and lots of friends , even while being very open that she is infected , " Knell said . "  This had a great impact on destigmatizing people with the disease . " In Tanzania , Muppets teach malaria prevention . In Egypt , Muppets stress the importance of girls ' education . Haneen and Karim In the Palestinian version , "  Shara'a Simsim , " direct references to the region 's political situation are not included . The Muppets like Haneen and Karim show pride in their own culture but also understanding that there are differences in the world . And Karim , an upbeat young rooster Muppet , aims to provide a healthy role model for boys . "  Boys are a problem in our society . They see their parents being humiliated . They think they are the men of the house and have to do something about it . But they ca n't do anything , " Kuttab said . "  We 're trying to tell them , ` your energy is OK , but let 's channel it in a different way . ' " Live-action segments introduce children to Palestinians who have channeled their energy into becoming teachers , doctors or business owners -- people , Knell says , "  who can act as role models , people who strive to remove themselves from the hardships children see . " Sesame Workshop hopes to expand this type of localized programming into other areas that have witnessed recent conflict , such as Pakistan . Perhaps that means Iraq will get its own show someday and wo n't have to hold on to someone else 's .	Children in 120 countries watch some version of "  Sesame Street " Sesame is trying to use that following to foster a culture of understanding The Palestinian version is called "  Shara'a Simsim "
Charlottesville , Virginia  CNN  -- Jury selection in the trial of a University of Virginia lacrosse player who is accused of fatally beating his ex-girlfriend got off to a slow start Monday . Many who were questioned were dismissed because they said they already knew too much about the case , were emotionally invested and did not believe they could be fair and impartial jurors . George Huguely faces charges including first-degree murder in the May 2010 death of Yeardley Love , a 22-year-old senior who was also a lacrosse player . Early Monday , he appeared in court and pleaded not guilty . Love 's mother wiped away tears as the charges were read . Police were initially called to Love 's off-campus Charlottesville apartment by a roommate who reported "  a possible alcohol overdose , " said Police Chief Tim Longo at the time . "  It was quickly apparent to them this young lady was the victim of something far worse , " Longo said . A medical examiner ruled that blunt force trauma killed Love , and authorities allege Huguely caused it during an altercation . "  George Huguely admitted on May 3 , 2010 , that he was involved in an altercation with Yeardly Love and that during the course of the altercation he shook Love and her head repeatedly hit the wall , " Charlottesville Police Detective Lisa Reeves wrote in a sworn statement used to obtain a search warrant in the case . Love had "  a large bruise on the right side of her face which appears to have been caused by blunt force trauma , " according to the document . She was found face-down in a pool of blood . Love and Huguely played on their school 's highly ranked lacrosse teams . Huguely admitted to kicking open the door to Love 's bedroom after he found her apartment door unlocked , according to the detective 's affidavit . He also admitted he took her computer from her apartment , Reeves wrote . It was later found by police after Huguely told them where he disposed of it , she said . Huguely 's lawyers contend Love 's death was a "  tragic " accident . "  George Huguely only learned that Yeardley Love had died when he was told that by a detective , " attorney Rhonda Quagliana told reporters soon after Huguely 's arrest . Ahead of Monday 's trial , a crush of reporters descended on the college town . "  It 's attention to a trial by the national media that we have n't seen here before , " university spokesman Ric Barrick told CNN affiliate WJZ . The trial is expected to last two weeks .	NEW : George Huguely pleads not guilty Suspect and victim were members of the college 's highly ranked lacrosse teams The prosecution contends Huguely fatally injured Yeardley Love during a fight The defense calls the death a "  tragic " accident
Mitt Romney showed up Tuesday night talking about "  binders full of women " being brought to him when he was governor . Sounds kind of kinky and certainly not something you want to be touting . The phrase was part of Romney 's answer to a question from an audience member at the second presidential debate about how he would "  rectify the inequalities in the workplace . " Referring to when he took over as Massachusetts governor , he said , "  I had the chance to pull together a Cabinet , and all the applicants seemed to be men , " he said . "  I went to a number of women 's groups and said , ` Can you help us find folks ? ' and they brought us whole binders full of women . " The "  binders " moment went viral immediately on Twitter , spawning @RomneysBinders and @womaninabinder Twitter handles . As of Wednesday morning , almost 300,000 people had supported a Facebook page about what a politically dumb statement it was . Romney may soon say it was "  inelegant " phrasing or he did n't finish his statement or some other excuse , but the comment shows why voters , especially women , do n't trust him and do n't believe he has their back . CNN Money : Bindersfullofwomen.com snapped up in 90 seconds In fairness , "  binders " was most likely a slip of the tongue . But Romney said it in an effort to obfuscate and pivot from the issue at hand : equality for women . He avoided the real question , and that , and his remark , spoke volumes . Even as a slip of the tongue , this odd phrase betrays Romney 's true lack of understanding , knowledge and comfort level on women 's equality . And besides the binders comment , there are several problems with the story Romney told Tuesday night . First of all , it is not true . The "  binder " of women 's résumés was prepared before the election by the Massachusetts Government Appointments Project , a coalition of nonpartisan women 's groups . When Romney won , the women -- not in binders -- gave him the résumés . Romney told that story in an effort to demonstrate how well his administration had done in hiring women . Except it did n't . A study by the University of Massachusetts and the Center for Women in Politics and Public Policy shows that the percentage of women in senior positions during his tenure actually declined . It went from 30 % when Romney took office to 27 % when he left and up to more than 33 % after the new governor took over . Did Romney undo gains with women ? Also , it boggles the mind that throughout his decades-long career in business , Romney had not come across any qualified women he could appoint to his Cabinet . The Romney campaign points to longtime aide Beth Myers , but she was not in the Cabinet . The more reasonable explanation is that diversity of gender , or any kind of diversity , was never an important tenet of corporate leadership for Romney . Which is why he did not proactively seek out the "  binders full of women " : Women 's groups , in fact , came looking for him . All of this goes to the heart of why Romney has had such a hard time winning over the women 's vote . He answered the audience member 's question from the standpoint of a detached CEO who knew that he had to find qualified women to serve in his administration come hell or high water , given the vast disparity between men and women holding management positions . He must have known he would be blasted if he did n't do it . In this day and age , this should be a no-brainer . You should not ask the American people to give you a medal for hiring qualified women . The dissonance when it comes to the governor and women went even further at the debate . Romney not only could n't answer the question about women ' equality , he could not even answer a question about outlawing AK-47s without bringing up single mothers . Saying he did not believe in changing gun laws , he seemed to equate children raised by single parents with the "  culture of violence . " I may be wrong , but I do n't think that is a good strategy to get struggling single moms to vote for you . Tech : Social world thumbs through ` binders full of women ' President Obama , in contrast , answered the equality question not just from a personal standpoint as a father but also as a commander in chief who signed a bill into law that guaranteed women could receive equal pay for equal work , the Lilly Ledbetter Act . Romney conspicuously never said whether he supported that act . The president 's approach was much more in synch with what women want to hear and with what all Americans know to be fair . The binders comment was even more unfortunate for Romney in that he said it in the midst of Obama 's very strong showing . The president clearly showed that he had the fight , the passion and the commitment to continue to work for middle-class voters -- on jobs , on health care , on taxes , on education , on immigration and , yes , on women 's issues . This all underscores Romney 's inability to really connect with voters . Although he seemed to win a little more favor among women after the first debate , I predict binders of polling data as to why that movement stopped after Tuesday night .	Romney 's "  binders full of women " debate remark is a viral phenomenon Maria Cardona : He avoided the real question about rectifying women 's inequality Cardona : "  Binders " comment shows how out of touch Romney is with women 's issues Cardona : The story and his claims about hiring women in Massachusetts are false
CNN  -- "  I have rights . I have the right of education , " Malala Yousufzai boldly asserted during an interview with CNN last year . Now the 14-year-old girl from Pakistan is slowly recovering after being shot in the head by the Taliban for blogging against them and defending the right of girls to go to school . Her plight has inspired people far beyond her home in the Taliban-heavy Swat Valley . Large crowds are rallying around the world to show support for Yousufzai and her cause . Before the attack , Yousufzai was in the process of starting a charity , the Malala Education Development Organization , to promote female education in northern Pakistan . Other organizations are also working in the region to turn her dream into a reality for all girls in Pakistan . UNICEF condemned the assault , calling Yousufzai a "  courageous voice " who speaks for millions of girls "  desperate to receive and education . " To make a donation to UNICEF 's Stand with Malala campaign and support education programs in Pakistan , visit the organization 's website . The Citizens Foundation has worked to improve education in Pakistan since 1995 and started 830 schools , according to the organization 's website . The group says it encourages girls to enroll in its schools and works to ensure that approximately half of its students are female . Go online to make a donation . Developments in Literacy also operates schools and provides teacher training in Pakistan . The organization says that more than 17,000 students are enrolled in its schools , approximately 68 % of them girls , according to its website . To make a donation in honor of Yousufzai , visit the group 's website . Be sure to write "  Malala " in the notes . "  I Am Malala " is an online petition honoring Yousufzai and calling for Pakistan and countries worldwide to ensure all children have access to the education . The initiative was launched by the Office of the U.N. Special Envoy for Global Education . To sign the petition , visit the website . You can also share your story and promote girls ' education on CNN iReport . Girls + Education = #BasicMath is spreading the message that educating girls in developing nations can change the world . Learn more about how you can help at CNN Impact Your World	Malala Yousufzai is a 14-year-old Pakistani activist fighting for the right of girls to go to school Yousufzai was shot in the head by the Taliban for blogging against them Nonproft organizations are working in Pakistan to help girls gain access to education Sign the "  I Am Malala " petition or submit an iReport to show your support for Yousufzai
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The struggle over health care reform intensified Thursday as President Obama sought to build on what administration officials hoped was new momentum generated by his prime-time address to Congress . In his address to Congress on Wednesday , President Obama pushed for the government to help the uninsured . Republican leaders ripped the president 's Wednesday night speech , arguing that he had botched a unique opportunity to build bipartisan consensus and offer specifics on his long-awaited plan . "  Now is the time to act , " Obama told an audience near the White House . "  We have talked this issue to death . ... The time for talk is winding down . The time for bickering is past . " The president was joined by representatives of the American Nurses Association , which has strongly endorsed the passage of a healthcare bill incorporating the president 's ideas . Obama repeated several reform principles outlined in his Wednesday night address , including the need for all Americans to have access to coverage regardless of pre-existing conditions . He again insisted that his plan will provide "  more security and stability to those who have insurance , " extend it to those who do n't and slow the rate of growth in health care costs . He reiterated his call to cap out-of-pocket costs and create a health insurance exchange in which individuals and small businesses can pool resources to help bargain for lower coverage costs . iReport.com : "  Obama 's speech lacked courage " Obama has also pushed for the federal government to provide greater financial assistance to those who ca n't afford insurance . The president 's latest call for reform came as the Census Bureau released new data showing that the number of people without health insurance rose from 45.7 million in 2007 to 46.3 million in 2008 . All Americans would be required by law to have health insurance under Obama 's proposal , which the administration has projected to cost $ 900 billion over 10 years . The requirement , Obama noted Wednesday night , would be similar to mandatory auto insurance in most states . Businesses would also be required to either offer health care coverage to workers or contribute to covering their costs of obtaining coverage . CNN 's political analysts respond to Obama 's speech " Top congressional Republicans declared Thursday that they remain staunchly opposed to Obama 's plan . They also accused the president of delivering an intensely partisan speech to Congress that unfairly maligned opponents and distorted basic facts . "  I thought the speech was partisan , uninformative , disingenuous and not likely to encourage those who have honest disagreements with him to be able to work toward some kind of common solution , " said Senate Minority Whip Jon Kyl , R-Arizona . Kyl complained that Obama had made it tougher to reach common ground by constantly referring to opponents ' "  unyielding ideological " arguments and "  bogus claims . " "  Nobody can have a disagreement with him based upon a valid difference of opinion , " Kyl said . "  It 's always the other -- the motive of the other individual is a bogus motive . " Among other things , Kyl disputed Obama 's claims that the Democratic plan wo n't add to the federal deficit . "  He was n't referring to either the House or Senate bill that have gone through committee , because -LSB- the Congressional Budget Office -RSB- has projected that both of them have a deficit , " he said . "  So somehow there 's going to be a different bill , which is going to solve that deficit problem , I gather , but we did n't hear any detail about that . " Health care legislation has cleared three committees in the House of Representatives , as well as the Senate Health , Education , Labor and Pensions Committee . It is currently under consideration by the Senate Finance Committee . Kyl also took issue with Obama 's claim that people will have the option of keeping their current coverage if they like it . "  It 's not true under the bills . Even if you like your insurance , there 's a good chance you wo n't be able to keep it , " Kyl claimed . Democrats and Republicans remain deeply divided over the question of whether to allow for a government-run public health insurance option . The president continued to stress his preference for such an option Thursday , saying it would force private insurers to lower costs . But he has repeatedly referred to the provision as only one alternative for increasing competition for health insurance and signaled his openness to ideas . Republicans are unanimous in opposing a public option , calling it an unfair competitor that would drive private insurers from the market and lead to a government takeover of health insurance . Obama has rejected that claim as a false allegation intended to scare people . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , a strong supporter of the public option , insisted Thursday that such a provision would save "  tens of billions of dollars " in health-care expenses . But the speaker , who has insisted that a health care bill can not pass the House without a public option , also indicated that she does n't consider the provision "  non-negotiable . " At a separate news conference , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , argued that if a nonprofit health care cooperative successfully expands competition and "  makes the insurance companies honest ... that would fill the bill . " The speaker nevertheless skewered the Republican opposition for failing to provide what she claimed was a reasonable alternative . Opponent of reform "  hit us with their best shot " during the August congressional recess , she said , and their attacks amounted to little more than "  distortion " and "  misrepresentation . " Pelosi also criticized Rep. Joe Wilson , the South Carolina Republican who heckled Obama on Wednesday night by shouting "  You lie ! " when the president denied that health care legislation would provide free coverage for illegal immigrants . The "  episode was unfortunate , " and Wilson 's remarks were "  stunning to hear , " Pelosi said . But given Wilson 's subsequent apology , she said , "  it 's time to move on . " Both Democrats and Republicans have criticized Wilson for what they called a show of disrespect toward the president . Shortly after the speech ended , Wilson issued a statement that apologized for his "  inappropriate and regrettable " comments . Obama said Thursday that he accepted Wilson 's apology . "  I 'm a big believer that we all make mistakes , " the president noted during a Cabinet meeting . But it 's important to have a debate "  without vitriol . ... Our goals are generally the same whether we 're Democrats or Republicans . " Wilson insisted that his outburst was "  spontaneous " and agreed with the White House that the health care debate merits "  a civil discussion . " One top Republican , however , also opined that Wilson 's outburst reflected the strong passion being generated by the health care debate . "  We ought to have civil discourse in America , but do n't underestimate the amount of emotion that people are feeling , " House Minority Leader John Boehner said .	NEW : Republicans say Obama missed opportunity to build consensus "  The time for talk is winding down , " president says near White House He follows up address to Congress with call for legislation this year New data show increase in number of Americans without insurance
CNN  -- "  Less is more " has reigned at the beach and the neighborhood pool when it comes to swimwear ever since the popularization of the bikini in the 20th century . Two-piece bathing suits might dominate the landscape , but style editors and trend forecasters say the one-piece is the "  fashion-forward " choice this season . "  Most people are going to be in two-pieces . If you show up in a one-piece it 's definitely a statement , and it 's one of the most comfortable statements you could possibly make at the beach , " said Connie Wang , style director of lifestyle website Refinery29 . "  It 's a good thing for women that there are so many more options now that fulfill different desires of what you want to achieve at the beach . " Variations on the one-piece and other swimwear trends will be on display at Miami Swim Week , where designers and buyers will gather this weekend for two major industry events : Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Swim and SwimShow . READ MORE : Caftans , your timeless summer wardrobe Surf-inspired looks , such as rash vests and long-sleeved onesies for women , are expected to make strong showings , said Jane Boddy , head of womenswear at trend forecaster WGSN . On the flip side , ultra-feminine styles flaunting details rooted in the world of intimates -- ruffles , straps and peek-a-boo cutouts -- "  are also key and on the cusp of big success , " she said . The one-piece is the perfect canvas for showcasing both styles , whether you prefer ruffles and lace or animal prints . "  The one-piece has become popular again because it reflects the best of both worlds . It looks back to the past with a retro slant , while also retaining a fresh , forward-looking style , " Boddy said . "  The development in cutting-edge design is the driving force behind the one-piece movement , as is the emergence of active sports in the apparel market , " Boddy said . "  We 're beginning to see these looks filtering into swim , too , and that 's exciting . " While the bikini holds the undisputed title for the sexiest swimsuit option , let 's not forget iconic moments for the one-piece such as Farrah Fawcett 's ubiquitous red bathing suit poster and Bo Derek 's emergence from the ocean in "  10 . " More recently , when Kim Kardashian decided to show off her post-baby body on Instagram , she did it in a one-piece , proving that it is possible to flaunt a great body and get  slightly  more coverage at the same time . Jumpstarted by the "  Mad Men " - inspired retro craze permeating all aspects of fashion , one-pieces are now easier than ever to find in a variety of styles , cuts and prints on the racks of department stores and high-end boutiques . READ MORE : What the late '60s really looked like "  Retro-fit swimsuits are flattering to a multitude of body types , but they also offer a whimsical take on swim and beach outfits , " Refinery29 's Connie Wang said . In recent years , the retro craze has given way to bathing suit styles inspired by the 1990s with an emphasis on high-cut legs , scoop necks and backs , think Pamela Anderson in "  Baywatch " or "  American Apparel . " J.Crew pledged to reissue a discontinued scoop-back swimsuit after a New York magazine contributor penned an impassioned plea asking them to resurrect it . "  People are valuing mobility and athleticism and actually being able to do stuff in the stuff you 're wearing , " Wang said . The modern version of the one-piece dates back to the 1980s , when the fitness craze contributed to an emphasis on sportiness , mobility and functionality in swimwear , said fashion historian Valerie Steele . At the same time , the "  retro sexy " look of the 1950s and 1960s started coming back into style , after a period when two-pieces and unstructured one-pieces ruled swimwear . Developments in textiles allowed designers to create more flattering and functional styles , allowing bathing beauties to choose between "  heightened eroticism or heightened athleticism , " said Steele , director of the Museum at the Fashion Institute of Technology in New York . Since then , the one-piece never really went out of style , but the pendulum has swung back in its favor , she said . "  We are in a one-piece moment . " Caitlin Schmidt contributed to this report .	Style experts say the one-piece is the fashion-forward choice this season Swimwear trends will be on display this weekend at Miami Swim Week The one-piece is a perfect canvas for sporty and sexy styles The modern version of the one-piece dates back to 1980s , historian says
London  CNN  -- When John Steinbeck wrote "  The Grapes of Wrath , " the 1939 novel about the plight of tenant farmers driven from their Oklahoma home , he was intending in his own words to "  rip a reader 's nerves to rags . " In doing so , the Californian author was also fulfilling what British researchers have proved , that literature mirrors the economic conditions of the previous decade . The so-called "  Literary Misery Index , " devised by statisticians at Bristol University , shows how often words associated with sadness appeared in print , year by joyless year . They compared their index to a standard "  Economic Misery index " -- based on rates of unemployment and inflation -- and concluded that there is a link between the two . The study , made public on a dreary day in January , showed a distinct correlation -- with an 11-year delay -- between the two indices . In other words , about a decade after you have an economic crisis -- you tend to get more expressions of sadness in literature . The heavy-hearted conclusion : Hard times make for miserable books . So phrases like "  a sorrow here that weeping can not symbolize ... " is just what Steinbeck should have been writing in 1939 , 10 years after the Wall Street crash known as Black Tuesday , and at the end of a wretched decade for the U.S. economy that saw a severe decline , double-digit unemployment , drought and dustbowl . And the painfully high inflation and unemployment of the 1970s and early 1980s may have had an influence on Bret Easton Ellis , whose first novel , "  Less Than Zero , " came out in 1985 . "  Dark " and "  darkness " runs through the novel , whose motto is "  Disappear Here . " "  Trent calls me the next night and tells me that he 's feeling depressed ... " writes Easton Ellis , as Clay . The researchers contend that it 's not only novels which are influenced by economic despondency . The research includes all types of publications . Of the millions of books used in the study , only around 10 % were fiction . It means biographies , histories -- maybe even cook books -- which were written in the aftermath of economic decline will statistically speaking contain more "  sad " words ... like "  sorrow " , "  weeping " or "  melancholy " , Professor R. Alexander Bentley , Head of the Department of Archaeology and Anthropology , at Bristol University , said : "  To me the study confirms that we do have a collective memory that conditions the way we write , and that economics is a very important driver of that . " Maybe that 's why they call it the "  dismal science . " Even though John Steinbeck was writing about America in the 1930s -- "  The Grapes of Wrath " contains many themes which will have a grim resonance for today 's readers . "  The bank is something else than men . It happens that every man in a bank hates what the bank does , and yet the bank does it . The bank is something more than men , I tell you . It 's the monster . Men made it , but they ca n't control it . "  "  The Grapes of Wrath " While that passage does n't include any of the sad words  the mood is more the "  wrath " of the novel 's title  , it taps into the collective consciousness of America just as any of the "  sad " adjectives might . Steinbeck 's book was definitely intended to expose the excoriating cruelty of the Great Depression . This study says that even authors who are n't ostensibly writing about conditions in the economy are somehow infusing their experiences into their work . Our most recent financial and economic crisis began in earnest with the fall of Lehman Brothers in September 2008 and many people around the world today are still experiencing the effects . U.S. unemployment hit 10 % in October 2009 -- and it 's only now beginning to fall to more "  acceptable " levels . So it seems , going by this study , that we are in for a miserable few years in literature . The dreary deluge should begin in around 2018 . By then , the economy may be in a better place . Novelists will still be working it out . And if your new recipe book sounds a little bit depressing -- now you know why .	British researchers have proven that literature mirrors economic conditions of previous decade The "  Literary Misery Index " shows how often ` sad ' words appeared in print They concluded there is a link between this index and the "  Economic Misery index " The research includes all types of publications , including biographies and cook books
CNN  -- Oakland City Hall reopened Monday after municipal employees worked to clean up damage they said was caused over the weekend by Occupy protesters , about 400 of whom were arrested following clashes with police in the Northern California city . Marvine White was one such worker , called in over the weekend to help scrub graffiti and vacuum floors , CNN affiliate KTVU reported . "  This is not protesting . This is something else . When you protest , you protest . This is madness here , " White said . The mass arrests , described by police as the largest in city history , appear to have injected new life into the Occupy movement as protesters in a number of American and European cities took to the streets Sunday to express their solidarity with the Occupy Oakland group . "  The Occupy movement will respond , as we have always responded : With an overwhelming show of collective resistance , " Occupy Wall Street said in a statement posted on its website . Windows broken , flags burned in Oakland City Hall Occupy Oakland is part of a larger movement that began last year on New York 's Wall Street and quickly spread across the globe . While the protesters have highlighted a number of causes , the overarching theme remained the same : populist anger over what activists portray as an out-of-touch corporate , financial and political elite . From Philadelphia to Des Moines , Iowa , there were reports of Occupy protesters taking to the streets in mostly non-violent demonstrations . Twelve people were arrested in New York during an Occupy Wall Street protest that saw the group march from Gramercy Park to Tompkins Square Park , police said . Charges and details about the arrests were not immediately made available . In Tampa , Florida , several protesters were arrested for blocking traffic , CNN affiliate Bay News 9 reported . In Philadelphia , police reported several hundred protesters blocked traffic near City Hall and attempted to cut down a fence near an area park where Occupy protesters were recently evicted from camping out . Two protesters were arrested , according to CNN affiliate WPVI . Overseas , Occupy protests were held outside U.S. consulates in Melbourne and Toronto , while statements of solidarity were issued by Occupy groups in Olso , Norway , and in Vancouver , British Columbia , according to Twitter and website posts late Sunday . Much of the news stemming from the Occupy movement in recent weeks has focused on government efforts to relocate the protest groups , many of whom had taken up residence in city parks and plazas . In Washington , D.C. , the National Park Service gave Occupy protesters a deadline to end what it called "  sleeping activity " at two longstanding camps established by demonstrators in the nation 's capital . U.S. Park Police began enforcing the ban Monday , with Occupy protesters at one site defiantly huddling under a large blue tarp that they dubbed the "  tent of dreams . " Park service to crack down on Occupy DC camps Park police used a stun gun to apprehend one demonstrator , who tore down park service notices warning protesters of the Monday deadline . But none of the weekend activities rose to the level of violence witnessed in Oakland , where protesters on Saturday clashed with police after they were prevented from taking over a long-vacant auditorium in the heart of downtown . Protesters and police traded allegations over who was to blame for the violence that saw demonstrators throw rocks and bottles at police , who it turn fired bean bag rounds , tear gas and smoke grenades at the group . Oakland Police Officer Johnna Watson described what transpired as "  one of the largest mass arrests that we have seen in the city . " The charges ranged from failure to disperse to vandalism , Watson said . The city of about 420,000 , located across the bay from San Francisco , has a long and sometimes violent history of activism dating back to the mid-1960s with the founding of the militant Black Panther Party and later for its anti-war protests . Oakland has been a flash point of the Occupy movement since October , when police used tear gas to break up demonstrators who refused to leave downtown . One demonstrator , an Iraq war veteran , suffered a skull fracture after being hit with a police projectile , according to a veteran 's group . Police said they acted after the crowd threw paint and other objects at officers . In November , violence broke out again in Oakland when police shuttered an Occupy camp at an area park . Twice , protesters have forced the shut down of the Port of Oakland . But Saturday marked a new chapter in the Oakland Occupy movement when the group attempted to take over the long-vacant Henry Kaiser Convention Center to use as a hub . The group said it was necessary , in part because "  since November , the city of Oakland and its police force have made it impossible for us to meet , to serve food and to provide a place for people to stay . " The effort turned violent when police turned the group back , alleging the protesters were damaging construction equipment and fences near the convention center . By nightfall , the protesters stormed a YMCA and later broke into City Hall , police and city officials said . Protesters have decried the allegations , saying they entered the buildings through open doors . But Mayor Jean Quan told reporters that police have video showing protesters using a crowbar , or something similar to it , to pry open an emergency door to enter City Hall . Quan took reporters through City Hall on Sunday , pointing to walls where graffiti had already been painted over and other areas of garbage , vandalism and destruction that she said had been left by protesters . The mayor said there were no firm estimates as to how much damage had been caused , noting that workers had already painted over some "  obscene " graffiti and that clean-up efforts would continue . Meanwhile , Occupy Oakland put out a call for financial aid to help some of those arrested make bail . "  Our bail funds have been dwindling significantly as a result of the police backlash against occupy Oakland in the last month . If you are able , please donate , " the group said . CNN 's Karan Olson , Greg Morrison , Marina Landis and Maria P. White contributed to this report .	NEW : Oakland City Hall reopens NEW : Protesters vow to stand their ground at Occupy DC camp Mass arrests in Oakland among largest in city history , police say Arrests are reported in New York , Philadelphia and Tampa
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The death toll in a Pakistani mosque attack has risen to at least 51 , a local government official said Saturday , a day after the bombing during prayers . The attack on a mosque in the village of Ghondi inPakistan 's Khyber Agency also injured 121 , Muthar Zab said . A separate attack on a Pakistani security convoy , also in the Khyber district , left two security officers dead and six wounded Saturday , two intelligence officials told CNN . The attackers opened fire as the convoy travelled through the Aka Khel region , they said . In response , security forces killed 10 militants and injured five during a search operation in Khyber , intelligence officials told CNN . They also destroyed three militant hideouts in the area where the convoy was attacked . The bombing during Friday prayers in Ghondi was a reprisal attack for local resistance against the Taliban , a spokesman for the Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan group said in a statement . Spokesman Mohammad Talha said the villagers ' resistance movement had killed two Taliban fighters that week and destroyed three Taliban hideouts in the area . About 300 people were at the mosque when the blast went off , officials said . Khyber Agency is one of the seven districts of northwestern Pakistan 's volatile tribal region bordering war-torn Afghanistan and has seen many casualties in recent years . Khalid Kundi , a senior Khyber official , said the bomber blew himself up in the courtyard of the mosque with 8 to 10 kilograms of explosive material . One worshipper said the blast was so loud , he passed out . "  When I stood up , I saw dead bodies and injured people everywhere , " Hikmat Ullah Afridi said . CNN 's Shaan Khan contributed to this report .	NEW : Security forces kill 10 militants and destroy some hideouts A Taliban group claims responsibility , saying the mosque bombing was a reprisal attack The villagers had formed a resistance movement against the Taliban , the group says Khyber Agency is a volatile tribal region bordering Afghanistan
CNN  -- A Tennessee man was executed Wednesday for the death of a couple in 1985 , authorities said . Steve Henley , 55 , was executed by lethal injection at 1:33 a.m. ET . Henley was sentenced to death for the slayings of Fred and Edna Stafford . Authorities said Henley shot the couple and later set their farmhouse on fire . An autopsy found that Edna Stafford was still alive when the fire was set , according to authorities . Henley had maintained his innocence , blaming the couple 's deaths on co-defendant Terry Flatt . Flatt testified that Henley was drunk , high on drugs and angry over a debt he believed the Staffords owed his grandparents . Flatt served five years in prison before completing his parole last year . The U.S. Supreme Court denied Henley 's appeal late Tuesday . Tennessee last performed its execution in September 2007 . In February 2007 , the state put executions on hold when Gov. Phil Bredesen ordered a review of how Tennessee administered the death penalty . The moratorium was lifted in May 2007 after the state 's death-penalty protocols were revised .	Steve Henley dies by lethal injection early Wednesday for 1985 death of couple Henley was convicted of shooting Fred and Edna Stafford , setting farmhouse on fire Tennessee had not executed anyone since September 2007
CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has condemned the planned burning of Qurans on the anniversary of the 2001 attacks on the United States as criticism mounts from Muslims around the world . Speaking Tuesday at an iftar meal in Washington to celebrate the Muslim holy month of Ramadan , Clinton said she welcomed the concerns . "  I am heartened by the clear , unequivocal condemnation of this disrespectful , disgraceful act that has come from American religious leaders of all faiths ... as well as secular U.S. leaders and opinion makers , " she said . On Wednesday the U.S. Embassy in Pakistan also condemned the Florida church 's plan to burn the Quran , the Muslim holy book , as "  disrespectful , intolerant and divisive , " in a statement . The statement comes days after the top U.S. military commander in Afghanistan , Gen. David Petraeus , warned that the plan could put U.S. troops ' lives at risk . The pastor of the church , Terry Jones , told CNN Tuesday his flock was taking the warning seriously but had not decided to cancel the event , planned for September 11 . Jones , pastor of Dove World Outreach Center in Gainesville , Florida , told CNN 's "  American Morning : "  We have firmly made up our mind , but at the same time , we are definitely praying about it . " Later Tuesday , Jones had a response to the statement from Petraeus . "  The general needs to point his finger to radical Islam and tell them to shut up , tell them to stop , tell them that we will not bow our knees to them , " Jones said on CNN 's "  AC360 . " "  We are burning the book , " Jones said . "  We are not killing someone . We are not murdering people . " The planned action has drawn sharp criticism from Muslims around the world and from U.S. officials . The U.S. Embassy in Kabul , Afghanistan , on Tuesday issued a statement saying the U.S. government "  in no way condones such acts of disrespect against the religion of Islam , and is deeply concerned about deliberate attempts to offend members of religious or ethnic groups . " It emphasized that it strongly condemned "  the offensive messages , which are contrary to U.S. government policy and deeply offensive to Muslims especially during the month of Ramadan . " With about 120,000 U.S. and NATO-led troops still battling al Qaeda and its allies in the Islamic fundamentalist Taliban movement , Petraeus warned that burning Qurans "  is precisely the kind of action the Taliban uses and could cause significant problems -- not just here , but everywhere in the world we are engaged with the Islamic community . " Petraeus said he was concerned about the political repercussions of the church 's plan . "  Even the rumor that it might take place has sparked demonstrations such as the one that took place in Kabul yesterday , " he said . "  Were the actual burning to take place , the safety of our soldiers and civilians would be put in jeopardy and accomplishment of the mission would be made more difficult . " Thousands of Indonesians gathered outside the U.S. Embassy in Jakarta , Indonesia , on Sunday to protest the planned Quran burning . "  The burning is not only an insult to the holy Quran , but an insult to Islam and Muslims around the world , " said Muhammad Ismail , a spokesman for the hard-line Indonesian Muslim group Hizb ut-Tahrir . Jones said his congregation was aware that the action was offensive . "  We realize that this action would indeed offend people , offend the Muslims . I am offended when they burn the flag . I am offended when they burn the Bible . But we feel that the message that we are trying to send is much more important than people being offended . " Jones said Muslims are welcomed in the United States , if they observe the Constitution and do n't try to impose Sharia law , or Muslim law . The message , he said , is directed toward the "  radical element of Islam . " "  Our message is very clear , " he said . "  It is not to the moderate Muslim . Our message is not a message of hate . Our message is a message of warning to the radical element of Islam , and I think what we see right now around the globe provides exactly what we 're talking about , " he said . The center says it was founded in 1986 as a "  total concept church for the rich , the poor , the young and the old . " Its purpose is to "  stand up for righteousness and for the truth of the Bible . " It stresses that "  Christians must return to the truth and stop hiding . " "  We need to speak up against sin and call the people to repentance . Abortion is murder . Homosexuality is sin . We need to call these things what they are and bring the world the true message : that Jesus is the way , the truth , and the life , " it says on the church 's website . It also emphasizes its dislike of Islam , and on its website , it blog posts an item called "  Ten Reasons to Burn a Koran . "  Any religion which would profess anything other than this truth is of the devil . This is why we also take a stand against Islam , which teaches that Jesus is not the Son of God , therefore taking away the saving power of Jesus Christ and leading people straight to Hell , " the site says . CNN 's Atia Abawi contributed to this report .	U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton condemns planned burning of Qurans U.S. Embassy in Pakistan also slams Florida church 's plan Pastor calls on Petraeus to confront radical Islam He says congregation is aware of warning that act could cause problems for U.S. troops
London , England  CNN  -- Under constant scrutiny , hosting countless functions and attending numerous public events are just some of the practices expected of you as the wife of a prime minister . All the while conducting yourself impeccably . So when Tony Blair was elected British prime minister in 1997 , Cherie Blair went from being a fairly obscure but accomplished barrister to the spouse of the country 's political leader . "  You go in there and you kind of think you can just carry on as before , " she says . "  Suddenly I could n't just speak for myself ... as the wife of the prime minister I 'm supposed to be seen and not heard . But she was never going to be a traditional political trophy wife smiling quietly in the background . A humble upbringing Moving the family into England 's most famous political address was worlds away from how Cherie herself was brought up in a working class household in 1960s Liverpool . The eldest of two daughters , Cherie Booth -- her maiden name , which she continues to use in her professional life -- came from a tumultuous family background . Both parents were actors but she describes her father Tony -- a minor sitcom star -- as "  flawed " , recalling how he left the family when she was 8 years old . As it turned out , Booth had an aptitude for academics along with a hardworking nature instilled through her upbringing by a "  formidable " mother and grandmother . She went on to read law at the London School of Economics graduating with first-class honors and emerging as the top law student in her class when she sat the bar exams . She continued to excel during her apprenticeship with prestigious attorney Derry Irvine . And it was there she met another advocate undergoing "  pupilage " by the name of Anthony Blair . "  He did n't make a good impression on me at the time , " she says . "  I thought he 's just another one of these public school boys but then we worked together and ... he made a different impression on me . " Ever the astute young lawyer she also noted how her gender was considered an impediment when she went up against her future husband for a position at Lincoln 's Inn -- one of the four Inns of Court in London . Tony got the job . She says it was because they assumed "  I am a female , I 'm bound to leave when I had children . "  In fact seven years later one of us did leave the bar but it was n't me . It was my husband because he left to become an MP  Member of Parliament  . " A profound union As her spouse rose in the political ranks , Booth carved out a successful career first as an attorney then , in 1995 , she received the senior advocate status of Queen 's Counsel . Six years later she turned her attention to co-founding her own practice , Matrix Juggling work and home life has n't always been easy for the high profile pairing . Blair cites her strong alliance with her partner as a key to her success . "  There were plenty of times when he would be the person who was there up with the children in -LSB- our -RSB- constituency when I was in court somewhere , " she says . "  He was very supportive and always has been he 's been a very hands-on father . " This hands on , compromising approach to raising their children is the reason Blair does n't believe the idea of work-life balance is solely a women 's issue . "  The way we do things at the moment does n't just disadvantage women . I think it disadvantages men and does n't allow them to explore the caring side of their personalities . " Combining advocacy and humanitarian work Blair says her 10 years at Downing Street helped provide a renewed purpose when it came to championing the rights of women around the world . "  So much of the oppression of women is based on some sort of fear about the power of females ... We all know actually men and women flourish best when they 're both given the opportunities to reach their dreams , " says Blair . In 2008 she established the Cherie Blair Foundation for Women with the purpose of providing education and capital to female entrepreneurs in developing and emerging nations . Projects have been launched in locations including Ghana , Tanzania and Rwanda where the foundation works with local women providing the necessary tools and technological support to take their businesses to the next level . "  The reason why I wanted to help women is obvious -- because of my own background ... I had the opportunities that my mother and my grandmother would only -- well did -- dream of , " explains Blair . "  As I get older , I get more impatient , because we have n't yet succeeded making it possible for women to achieve their dreams . We still have not got gender equality anywhere . "  In this world I am afraid money talks , and the woman who has her own money , who has financial independence , can make decisions , she can make choices ... They will also change the lives of those around them , and ultimately , shape society for the better . " So what kind of legacy would Blair like to leave behind ? "  I think on my gravestone , I 'd like it to say ` Cherie Blair , wife , mother and feminist ' . "	Cherie Blair is best known as the wife of former British PM Tony Blair Blair is also a celebrated legal mind specializing in human rights , public law Has become a strong advocate for women 's rights , education since leaving political life
