EW.com  -- Seth Rogen was recently quoted in an Entertainment Weekly magazine article as saying that there have been only one and a half good movies ever made about frat life : "  Animal House " and the first half of "  Old School . " I 'd throw 1984 's "  Revenge of the Nerds " into the mix , but I get his point . Too few comedies have been able to capture the gonzo , bacchanalian spirit of the Greek system with some degree of wit . Well , now you can add Rogen 's raucously inspired "  Neighbors " to the honor roll . It 's a frat-house flick with more on its mind than beer , bongs , and beer bongs . It 's also a razor-sharp commentary on desperately trying to remain carefree after the burdens of adulthood have taken over . Critical Mass : Is ` Neighbors ' the season 's best comedy ? Directed by "  Forgetting Sarah Marshall 's " Nicholas Stoller , "  Neighbors " stars Rogen and Rose Byrne as Mac and Kelly Radner , a 30-something couple with a newborn daughter , a sensible station wagon , and a crushing mortgage on a house littered with breast pumps and baby monitors . What they do n't have is any of the spontaneity of their 20s . Exhibit A : As the film opens , Rogen and Byrne are getting hot and heavy in the bedroom , only to realize that their baby is watching Daddy tell Mommy he 's about to take her to " Bonertown . " Plans to go out clubbing with their less exhausted single friends go just about as well . Then one morning , moving trucks show up next door and unload a sea of whooping , Solo-cup-clutching frat boys . Led by the chiseled , vacant alpha dog Teddy  Zac Efron  and his Abercrombie wingman Pete  Dave Franco  , the guys of Delta Psi Beta proceed to turn Mac and Kelly 's quiet , tree-lined slice of suburban heaven into a hedonistic hell . At first , Mac and Kelly see their new neighbors as an opportunity to prove that they 're more than just the sum of their Pack 'n Plays , that they 're still down to party and reclaim their laid-back youth . The couple obliviously try to cozy up with Teddy and Pete , but every time they hope to show how cool they are , it becomes more and more clear that they 're just the annoying old buzzkills next door . And when the raging gets a bit too epic and the meatheads refuse to keep it down , it 's war . The two sides launch into a hilarious volley of tit-for-tat pranks that gradually escalates into a gross-out gag Armageddon with obscene topiaries and gargantuan dildos as the weapons of battle . James Franco may play Tommy Wiseau in film based on ` The Disaster Artist ' One of the best surprises in Andrew Jay Cohen and Brendan O'Brien 's script is its refusal to succumb to lazy sitcom stereotypes , which would set Rogen up as the oafish Kevin James man-child and Byrne as the nag . Instead , Kelly is as foul-mouthed , shallow , and irresponsible as her husband . Speaking in her native Aussie twang , Byrne shows that she 's a deadpan comic ace . And thanks to her chemistry with Rogen , "  Neighbors " proves that just because you grow up does n't mean you have to be a grown-up . You can still be wild and crazy even as you 're yelling at the kids next door to get the hell off your lawn . Grade : B + See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Seth Rogen and Zac Efron have made a raucous , inspired comedy It 's a frat-house flick also about trying to remain carefree in adulthood The critic gives the movie a B + grade
CNN  -- Anne Hathaway will be Tim Burton-ized next month when the eclectic director 's "  Alice in Wonderland " is released in theaters . In the new issue of InStyle magazine hitting newsstands Friday , the 27-year-old actress said it was Burton who piqued her interest in playing the deliciously cruel White Queen . "  When I found out Tim Burton was on , I basically went into the studio and said , ` I 'm here , I want to play the White Queen . ' I 'm just letting you know I will do anything to be in this movie . " But that 's about as far as the behind-the-scenes planning goes for Hathaway . "  I do n't time anything , " Hathaway said in the interview . "  I never plan an image I want to project . It 's always very much where I am right now . " And where she is right now is in a place of total self-acceptance . "  I think I 've got really weird features , " she told InStyle . "  I have very large features on a very small head . But , you know , I 'm not going to beat myself up . ... I look like myself , and I think at the end of the day , as nice as pretty is , authenticity is more important . " The actress did n't reveal much about her love life , however , other than she 's quite content . "  I 'm enjoying myself very , very , very much , " she said . "  Happiness is a nice feeling . "	Anne Hathaway talks with InStyle magazine about her new movie and self-acceptance Hathaway wanted to do "  Alice in Wonderland " when she heard Tim Burton was directing She says she 's come to accept what she looks like , says authenticity is more important Hathaway does n't dish on her love life but says she 's enjoying herself
Beijing  CNN  -- Chinese and Japanese leaders held talks Monday to discuss peace and stability on the Korean peninsula following the recent death of North Korean ruler Kim Jong Il , a Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman said . Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda met with Chinese President Hu Jintao on Monday , wrapping up his trip to Beijing to discuss cooperation between the two countries . "  The two sides believe that maintaining peace and stability of the Korean peninsula serves the common interests of all parties , " Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei told reporters Monday . "  The two sides are ready to make concerted efforts to realize peace and stability of the Korean peninsula . " During Noda 's visit , discussions over the stability of the Korean peninsula overshadowed traditionally controversial issues between the countries -- including issues of disputed islands and energy disagreements in the East China Sea . Both sides also signed energy conservation and environmental protection agreements , along with an announcement that the two sides will use their own currencies in bilateral trade rather than U.S. dollars in an effort to encourage economic cooperation . Noda , in his first visit to Beijing since taking power in September , is the first foreign leader to visit with China 's leaders since Kim 's death . Both sides touched on the importance of resuming the six-party North Korean nuclear talks in an effort to promote the long-term stability of the region , according to China 's state-run Xinhua news agency . Kim 's death was announced by Pyongyang on December 19 and has put the region on edge , as the world waits to see how North Korea 's succession will play out . In an effort to improve North and South relations , an 18-member civilian delegation of South Korean citizens arrived in Pyongyang on Monday to express condolences after the death of the Kim , North Korea 's state-run Korean Central News Agency reported .	Peace between the Koreas "  serves the common interests of all parties , " an official says Yoshihiko Noda visits Beijing for the first time as Japanese prime minister China and Japan also signed energy and environmental agreements Both countries will also use their own currencies -- not the U.S. dollar -- in bilateral trade
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The fears that Hurricane Gustav would turn into another human catastrophe on the scale of Katrina in 2005 have mercifully not been realized . The "  Three Little Pigs " project aim is to try and make scenes like this a thing of the past . But it has been another untimely reminder of nature 's destructive power , and a further taste of what climate scientists are predicting will be far more common spectacle as the century progresses . As Gustav blew itself out , more hurricanes -- Hanna , Ike and Josephine -- were threatening even more lives and properties . But in the face of such relentless disruption can anything be done to lessen the impact of such extreme weather events ? Well , researchers at The University of Western Ontario certainly think so . Their "  Three Little Pigs " project at The Insurance Research Lab for Better Homes got underway at the end of August with the aim of making houses more resilient in the face of such violent storms . CNN caught up with Professor Greg Kopp -- a civil and environmental engineer who is working on the project -- in Houma , Louisiana , where he 's been surveying the damage from Hurricane Gustav . "  When there are natural disasters the biggest problem seems to be with residential houses , " he said . "  In North America and in most parts of the world houses are n't engineered . So we are taking an engineer 's eye to look at this . Wind has some peculiar effects which can be mitigated relatively easily . The motivation for this project is to make houses safer , but not cost more . " Unfortunately , building a wind tunnel at a size required to test full-scale buildings just was n't feasible . But the equipment and methods chosen by the researchers are a unique and far more efficient way of testing which replicates the pressures that occur on the surface of a building . The $ 7 million facility is a large movable steel hanger . The full-scale 1,900 square foot house sits inside a steel cage rigged up with 60 pressure boxes which can simulate the effects of a Category 5 hurricane  see photos  . Professor Kopp has taken a leading roll in developing the pressure boxes explained how the test has been set up . "  We have a bunch of air boxes on the roof -- which is made of plywood -- and then we have what are called pressure load activators , " "  These are kind of like vacuum cleaners -- they have a hose and are connected to the air boxes . The pressure load activators suck air out of the air box and causes a suction which wants to lift the roof " . Before the experiment in the hanger could begin , researchers calculated the pressures the house would experience in a small-scale study conducted at the University 's Boundary Layer Wind Tunnel Laboratory -- which has over 40 years of expertise testing high-rise buildings and bridges . Once accurately recorded these results were then scaled up in preparation for the test proper . Monitored by 20 cameras , the first experiments were conducted over three days and saw the house endure ever increasing winds speeds up to a Category 3 hurricane . Initial tests have produced some unexpected results . "  The thing that surprised us most is where it -LSB- the roof -RSB- failed first . It failed on the leeward side of the house . We had all expected it to fail on the windward side first , " Kopp said  see video  . "  If you looked at the house now , the roof is n't actually connected to the walls . But you 'd look at the house and say it looks ok . "  Another thing was that the failures were progressive . There was n't one real gust of wind that broke it . The damage accumulated , " Kopp said . Having now understood the house 's behavior under stress , Kopp and his team will now set about recreate the experiment but this time measuring the load on the nails which lifted . "  These are more scientific than engineering experiments currently , " Kopp said . "  But we can now develop numerical models and look at other roof structures with a lot more confidence as to how these models work . Ultimately we want to try some mitigation strategies . " It 's still early days though and the tests are set to carry on for the next few years . "  Science always takes time , " Kopp said . "  We want to make houses which are safer for people and to do it in a way that does n't break the bank . It should be done in an efficient way so that it is affordable to everyone . Not just high-end houses , but for poor people too . "	Canadian researchers test roof on full-scale house under hurricane conditions Early results reveal that leeward rather than windward side of roof failed first "  Three Little Pigs " project aims at structural improvements that are available to all
CNN  -- Jeremy Lin has taken the basketball world by storm , but boxing star Floyd Mayweather Jr. claims the hype surrounding the NBA 's new sensation is based on his ethnic background rather than his talent . Lin has had a fairytale rise to fame after inspiring the New York Knicks to a five-game winning streak and scoring a record 109 points in his first four starts for the team -- surpassing the mark previously set by Allen Iverson . But undefeated WBC welterweight champion Mayweather has suggested the "  Linsanity " sweeping America is because pointguard Lin is the first U.S.-born NBA player of Chinese or Taiwanese descent . "  Jeremy Lin is a good player but all the hype is because he 's Asian , " Mayweather wrote on micro-blogging website Twitter . The NBA 's breath of fresh air "  Black players do what he does every night and do n't get the same praise . " Lin graduated from Harvard University and initially failed to get drafted into the NBA , but he was signed by the Golden State Warriors as a free agent in July 2010 . He moved to New York in December after being dropped by the Houston Rockets and outshone the legendary Kobe Bryant by scoring 38 points as the Knicks beat the Los Angeles Lakers 92-85 on Friday . Mayweather , who will fight Puerto Rico 's Miguel Cotto in Las Vegas in May before starting a 90-day jail sentence for domestic abuse , said he was speaking up for other players in the NBA . Why Jeremy Lin 's race matters "  Other countries get to support/cheer their athletes and everything is fine , " the 34-year-old said . "  As soon as I support black American athletes , I get criticized . "  I 'm speaking my mind on behalf of other NBA players . They are programmed to be politically correct and will be penalized if they speak up . " Lin and the Knicks will attempt to extend their winning run to six games when they play the Toronto Raptors at the Air Canada Center on Tuesday . Mayweather had hoped to finally face Manny Pacquiao in May in a fight that boxing fans have been waiting years for , but they could not agree on a date .	Boxer Floyd Mayweather claims the Jeremy Lin hype is based on the player 's race New York Knicks ' Lin has taken the NBA by storm , scoring a record amount of points Lin has inspired the Knicks to a five-game winning streak and outshone Kobe Bryant Mayweather said he was speaking up on behalf of other NBA players
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- An Iranian non-profit company says it will honor U.S. President Barack Obama 's request that Iran return a drone that crashed there last year . But instead of the actual drone , the company says it will send miniature toy versions . A lot of them . "  We plan to send a full squadron of 12 to the White House for President Obama as a present , " said Reza Kioumarsi , a spokesman for the Aaye Art Group , a Tehran-based non-profit , non-governmental company that makes novelty items . The company is trying to determine what Obama 's favorite color is before sending the drones , which are 1/80th the size of the real drone , Kioumarsi said . In December , Obama said the United States has asked Iran to return the highly classified RQ-170 Sentinel drone . "  We 've asked for it back . We 'll see how the Iranians respond , " Obama said at the time . This is probably not the response Obama was seeking . Iran has said the country 's armed forces had downed the drone near Kashmar , some 225 kilometers  140 miles  from the border with Afghanistan on December . President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad gave a speech in December that seemed to suggest that Iran would n't return it . "  The North Americans at best have decided to give us this spy plane , " Ahmadinejad said . The RQ-170 Sentinel is one of the United States ' most sophisticated drones and flies at up to 50,000 feet . It is designed to evade sophisticated air defenses . One former intelligence official said it 's "  impossible to see " and discounted Iranian claims that it had been brought down by some form of electronic counter-measures . "  It simply fell into their laps , " he said -- after satellite communication was lost .	An Iranian company wants to send replicas of a downed drone to Obama Iran says the plane crashed in Iranian territory on December 4 Obama asked for the drone back in December
Damascus , Syria  CNN  -- North Korea requested permission from Iraq this week to fly a plane through its airspace to Syria , an adviser to Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki told CNN on Friday . Al-Maliki rejected the request out of suspicion the plane would be carrying weapons , said adviser Ali al-Mousawi . The prime minister talked by phone with U.S. Vice President Joe Biden on Friday afternoon , officials said . Biden asked Iraq for help in stopping weapons from reaching Syria , according to a statement released by his office , and stressed to the Iraqi prime minister "  the need to prevent any state from taking advantage of Iraq 's territory or airspace to send weapons to Syria . " Al-Maliki "  expressed the Iraqi government 's discomfort with some informal U.S parties of stirring suspicions about Iraq 's position toward the Syrian crisis , " and that Iraq has held a "  firm position in rejecting any weapon supplies or violent activity over Iraq 's territories or its airspaces , " according to a release from his office . "  Al-Maliki reiterated the position of the Iraqi government based on the need to find a peaceful political solution for the Syrian crisis and its rejection to supply ammunitions to any party involved in the Syrian conflicts , " the release said . Opponents of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's rule are concerned about the shuttling of arms to his government by entities such as Iran . Iraq borders Syria and Iran . Al-Assad magazine interview Earlier , Syria 's besieged president slammed the rebels battling his government forces , but said the "  door to dialogue is open . " "  Dialogue with the opposition is the only way out to address the crisis , " al-Assad said in a magazine interview published Friday . The cries for freedom and democracy that spread across the Arab world last year also reached Syria . That set the wheels in motion for a standoff that morphed into a civil war between the al-Assad government and a burgeoning rebel movement . More than 26,000 people , mostly civilians , have been killed in the one-and-half-year-long conflict , according to opposition activists . Al-Assad , who blames the violence on terror groups , told Egypt 's Al-Ahram al-Arabi magazine that "  armed men are engaged in terrorism against all of the state 's institutions . " "  They have no support in the society . Rather , they have harmed the interests of the people by targeting the infrastructure that serves the people and killing innocent Syrians . Ultimately , they will not emerge victorious , " he said . He said backers of these forces "  think the only solution is through a Libyan scenario . " That 's a reference to rebel forces , with foreign backing , toppling Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi and his government . "  But a decisive end  to the crisis  will take some time , of course . However , the door to dialogue is open and we have offered several initiatives for amnesty for all of those who put down their arms in order to encourage dialogue , " al-Assad said . Libyan fighting in Syria symbolizes fears The president took jabs at Saudi Arabia , Turkey and Qatar -- all supporters of the opposition . "  They suddenly saw money in their hands after a long period of poverty and think they can change  the role of  history and geography , and play a regional role , " al-Assad said , referring to Saudi Arabia and Qatar . Before the Syrian conflict started last year , Saudi Arabia served only as a "  mediator with the West that does not appreciate the axis of resistance against Zionism advocated by Syria , " the president said . "  Let me correct a prevalent idea that Saudi Arabia , Syria and Egypt are the triangular axis of stability in the region . This is not true . It has always been , and will remain , Syria , Iraq and Egypt , " he said . As for Qatar , it "  uses the power of money and revolves in the orbit of the West by providing weapons and money to terrorists to repeat the Libyan scenario , " al-Assad said . And Turkey , he said , has "  lost a lot " by taking its stance on Syria . "  They are unconcerned about the interests of its people , focusing solely on its ambitions that include the new Ottoman Empire , " he said . Here 's a roundup of other developments in Syria 's conflict : Mass grave , massacres reported in Damascus area Twenty-five "  bound and blindfolded " bodies were found in a mass grave in the al-Qadam area of Damascus Friday , Syria 's state news agency said . Authorities blamed the deaths on "  armed terrorist groups . " The government also said its armed forces "  killed a number of terrorists " in the Damascus area town of Beit Jen . The opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said regime forces conducted a "  massacre " in the suburb of Buwaida . Seventeen people were stabbed to death after soldiers stormed the area , it said . The LCC said the 17 were among 117 people killed across Syria on Friday . Forty-eight deaths occurred in the Damascus area . Seventeen people were killed in Aleppo and 15 each in Homs and Idlib provinces . Violence also raged in Daraa , Raqqa , Deir Ezzor , Latakia and Hama provinces . Opposition figures disappear upon arrival in Syria Two members of the National Coordination Body for Democratic Change -- an opposition group -- and a friend who came to pick them up disappeared shortly after leaving the airport in Damascus , the group said . "  The National Coordination Body 's Exile Branch holds the kidnappers , whoever they be , completely responsibility -- ethically , legally , and politically -- for any physical or mental harm done . We demand an explanation for why there has been no communication , whatever the motives and reasons . We demand they be immediately returned safely to their families , " the NCB said in a statement . Syrian state news blamed terrorists for kidnapping the men . Help for Syrians The U.N. refugee agency says it is making progress relocating Syrian refugees in Lebanon . It is also working to enroll refugee children in Lebanese and Iraqi schools , the agency said Friday . Nearly 73,000 Syrian refugees in Lebanon have registered or are awaiting registration with the United Nations . There are now more than 29,000 Syrians in Iraq . A second Russian plane transporting 38 tons of food arrived in Damascus Friday , according to the Syrian Arab News Agency , which reported the arrival of a similar shipment Thursday . Christians in Syria fear uncertain future CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq reported from Baghdad and Nic Robertson reported from Damascus . Hamdi Alkhshali , Amir Ahmed and Joe Sterling contributed to this report from Atlanta .	NEW : Two members of an opposition group - and a friend - disappear in Syria At least 117 people are killed across the country Friday , another opposition group says U.N. refugee agency says it is making progress relocating Syrian refugees in Lebanon In an interview , Syrian leader is critical of opposition supporters Saudi Arabia , Turkey , Qatar
CNN  -- An Ohio driver recently made a confession that he caused a fatal wrong-way crash after drinking heavily . That , by itself , nothing new . After all , every day , hundreds of suspects sign full confessions , and many more defendants plead guilty before a judge . A person volunteering to take criminal responsibility is not a novel concept . In fact , it 's commonplace procedure in police interview rooms and courthouses . Nor is it unique that these admissions are videotaped ; police often tape interview confessions and courtrooms record most guilty pleas . What 's novel in this case is the way he took that responsibility : 1  On his own . 2  Online . Via video . He took the initiative . In a remarkably well-produced , three-and-a-half minute video , Matthew Cordle admitted he killed a suburban Columbus man , said he "  made a mistake " in deciding to drive that evening and urged people not to drink and drive . In making this video , it clearly appeared he was not coerced . He was not being interrogated or even interviewed by police . In fact , he volunteered this admission , stating that he was fully aware of the consequences . Skeptics have suggested the online confession is not sincere and he only produced the video to curry favor with the court to receive a lesser sentence . Quite the contrary , Cordle has risked sealing his fate with a maximum sentence by giving this confession . Many others have applauded this act by Cordle . Undoubtedly there is a benefit to society in taking responsibility . He not only gives the victim 's family closure , but he also saves the people of the state of Ohio the cost and burden of a trial . Even the victim 's ex-wife has opined that perhaps Cordle deserves some consideration for his video apology . Bravo , right ? Wrong . While this may have appeared a morally correct thing for Cordle to do , our justice system can actually penalize those who "  do the right thing " and volunteer admissions . Cordle 's case just might end up as an example of this . In a criminal prosecution , the strongest playing card in the hand of the defendant is a guilty plea . Sometimes , it 's the only card he holds . In Cordle 's case , assuming for the moment that this case was what we defense attorneys call a "  dead-bang loser "  one likely to be lost at trial  , then his defense attorney could have approached the prosecution and made an offer : In exchange for a lesser sentence or charges , Cordle would plead guilty , apologize to the family and save the prosecutor 's office the manpower and the burden of trying the case , and ultimately , the risk of losing at trial . In return , the prosecution would agree to a lesser sentence or a lesser charge . In this case , Cordle 's voluntary mea culpa actually eliminated his strongest bargaining chip . The defense now has nothing to offer the prosecution , so the prosecution has no incentive to make any concessions in a plea offer . Now , if this were a business transaction or negotiation , you 'd say : well , that 's the way business is . Too bad , so sad . That 's just market forces and economic Darwinism at work . But prosecutors have a greater moral obligation than a CEO or an investor . They can not simply exploit any weakness in the defendant 's bartering position . Prosecutors have a greater moral obligation : justice . It 's not an easy job at all . So , has Cordle 's prosecutor adequately considered the video ? The prosecutor in this case has said he will seek the maximum sentence and suggested that his office has enough evidence to seek a conviction notwithstanding the video confession . The maximum sentence ? Is that how we should incentivize taking responsibility ? After all , Cordle is partially correct in that he has spared resources and offered a judicially efficient resolution . In the video , Cordle says : "  I consulted some high-powered attorneys , who told me stories about similar cases where the drivers got off . They were convinced that they could get my blood test thrown out . And all I would have to do for that was lie . Well , I wo n't go down that path . " First , it 's doubtful any experienced DUI lawyer really told Cordle to lie . The obvious reason is that it 's unethical . But second , thanks to modern defense strategies and technology , challenging breath and blood testing has arguably never been more effective . Recently , courts have invalidated scores of breath and blood tests for a myriad of reasons related to the reliability of the science as applied , including improper blood draws/retention , administration of tests , noncalibration of blood testing devices and improper lab procedures . Because DUI trials can be burdensome for the prosecution , most jurisdictions have adopted some version of a pretrial program to treat this crime differently than most others . The quid pro quo is usually this : The defendant admits to what he did , gets a one-time admission to probation and a ton of fines and fees , avoiding a criminal conviction , and the prosecution is saved the burden of calling breathalyzer operators and lab technicians to trial and avoids the risk of loss at trial . As in the court system , drinking and driving is also treated differently than other taboos in society . Certainly in public , we all agree it 's wrong . But when a rustic pub is isolated on a winding country back road and the parking lot is filled with cars on a Friday night , does anyone doubt how the patrons arrived ? Or how they plan to leave ? There are not a lot of subway stops , taxis or bus routes out at the more rural watering holes or even in the city suburbs . We publicly oppose drinking and driving , but we also are all aware it 's going on everywhere -- and with our tacit permission . Until we resolve the social paradox that is drinking and driving , more than a few citizens will read about Cordle 's case and admit , to themselves : "  coulda been me . " Or worse : "  that was me last Saturday . " What happens when or if it is you that is in Cordle 's position ? Will you still be an anti-DUI crusader ? Will you fight the breath and blood tests tooth-and-nail ? Or will you take personal responsibility ? YouTube video , perhaps ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Danny Cevallos .	Ohio man confesses online to killing someone while driving drunk Danny Cevallos : Matthew Cordle 's video was an admirable effort to take responsibility He says Cordle 's candor could lead to a more severe sentence than usual Cevallos : Prosecutor should take interests of justice into account
You 're in no danger of falling in , but a large group of possible cosmic vacuum cleaners have just been identified . Researchers have come upon 26 possible black holes in Andromeda , a galaxy near our own . This is the largest number of possible black holes found in a galaxy outside the Milky Way , but that may be because of Andromeda 's relative proximity to our galaxy . It 's probably easiest for Earth-based scientists to find black holes outside the Milky Way there , said Robin Barnard of the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics in Cambridge , Massachusetts . Combining this discovery with previous observations of nine other black hole candidates , scientists can say that Andromeda has a total of 35 possible black holes . The research is published in The Astrophysical Journal . NASA 's Chandra X-ray Observatory made more than 150 observations over the course of 13 years to identify these black hole candidates . Seven of the new potential Andromeda black holes reside within 1,000 light years of the center of that galaxy . This supports earlier research showing that , near the center of Andromeda , there are an unusual number of X-ray sources . Black holes ca n't be seen directly . But astronomers can detect material falling into them when they interfere with other stars . A black hole is a dense region of space that has collapsed in on itself in such a way that nothing can escape it , not even light . In a binary system of this nature , a black hole and a star orbit each other closely . Material from the star falls into the black hole and "  as it spirals in , it gets hotter and hotter , and faster and faster , and eventually it gives off X-rays , so we see lots and lots of X-rays coming out of it , " Barnard said . The material as it has been swallowed gets incredibly hot , up to about 10 billion degrees . Because of the tremendous amount of energy released , some of the brightest objects in the universe are black holes . It 's hard for scientists to distinguish distant black holes from neutron stars , however . When a star explodes in a supernova , its fiery death leaves behind either a neutron star or a black hole , which is a more extreme version of a neutron star . If our own sun were a neutron star , it would be only about 10 kilometers , or 6.2 miles , across , Barnard said . By comparison , as a black hole our sun might be only 2 kilometers across . Black holes of the kind that scientists may have spotted in Andromeda have masses that are typically five to 10 times that of the sun . Neutron stars have a surface , so falling material pounds onto it , Barnard said . Material rains down at enormous speeds , causing huge explosions and energy emissions . Billions of years from now , the Milky Way and Andromeda galaxies will collide , marking the end of the galaxy as we know it . Follow Elizabeth Landau on Twitter at @lizlandau and for more science news follow @CNNLightYears	Researchers find 26 possible black holes in Andromeda , a galaxy near our own Black holes ca n't be seen directly But astronomers can detect material falling into them when they interfere with other stars
When first revealed , Morten Storm 's account of his life as a double agent inside al Qaeda sent shockwaves through Denmark 's political and intelligence establishment . The first accounts came in the Danish newspaper Jyllands-Posten in October 2012 . In those articles , and in his new memoir "  Agent Storm : My Life Inside al Qaeda and the CIA , " which we co-authored , Storm recounted how after being recruited by Danish intelligence agency PET , he helped the CIA target several al Qaeda terrorists for assassination , most notably the American terrorist cleric Anwar a-Awlaki , who was killed in a CIA drone strike in September 2011 . The allegations have proven explosive in Denmark , where it is illegal for the government to take part in targeted killings . Storm says his Danish handlers set up and attended meetings he had with the CIA in Denmark and overseas at which plans to track down terrorists were set in motion . He says Danish intelligence was fully aware the Americans planned to use lethal force . Storm has significant corroborating evidence to back up his claim . He provided us with several hours of secret iPhone recordings of meetings and phone calls with his Danish and American intelligence handlers during which several of the kill missions were discussed . CNN has not been able to independently authenticate the recordings , but the time the electronic files were first created were consistent with his account . One of the recordings was of a meeting he says was set up with his PET and CIA handlers at a Danish resort a week after al-Awlaki was killed . On the tape , Storm makes clear to an American interlocutor that he and Danish intelligence had been key to getting al-Awlaki : "  We took initiative to create this because the Americans failed in their attempt to hit Anwar , they failed in their attempts to trace Anwar al-Awlaki , the Americans have failed in every single attempt to arrest or kill Anwar al-Awlaki , except when we went in , we traced him down again , created contacts with him , now he is dead , because of the work we have done . " Agent claims he had been promised $ 5 million In the same recording , the American can be heard telling Storm that President Barack Obama knew about his contribution to the al-Awlaki mission , "  We had our whole project going forward -- of which you played the highest role , ' he said . But the American denied Storm provided the critical breakthrough , frustrating Storm , who told CNN he had been promised $ 5 million if he led the CIA to the terrorist cleric . It was after this meeting he first made contact with the Danish newspaper . After Jyllands-Posten first broke the story , PET refused to confirm or deny Storm 's claims . "  Out of consideration for PET 's operational work , the PET neither can nor will confirm publicly that specific persons have been used as sources by the PET , " it said . "  However , the PET does not participate in or support operations where the objective is to kill civilians . The PET did therefore not contribute to the military operation that led to the killing of al-Awlaki in Yemen , " then-PET director Jakob Scharf stated . Neither PET nor the CIA responded to CNN 's requests for further comment . Storm 's revelations led Danish parliamentarians to demand new oversight rules for PET . In January 2013 , Storm met with several of them in Copenhagen . Denmark 's Ministry of Justice announced it would set up a supervisory board to oversee the Danish intelligence agency , without acknowledging Storm was the reason . Then-Justice Minister Morten Bodskov said the new board would strike "  the right balance that will ensure that we have an effective intelligence agency and a good rule of law . " But the government resisted calls from opposition MP 's for a full parliamentary inquiry . After the publication of another Jyllands-Posten article in March 2013 , with fresh evidence retrieved from Storm 's cell phones , Storm 's account received heavyweight backing from Denmark 's former spy chief . Hans Jorgen Bonnichsen , Scharf 's predecessor as head of PET , told Danish television that the corroborating evidence presented in the Danish media suggested the PET had used Storm to track down terrorist operatives overseas to help the U.S. target them for assassination . Bonnischen was at the helm of the intelligence agency in the period before Storm says he was recruited as an agent . In late 2013 , a political scandal forced the resignations of PET Director Scharf and Interior Minister Bodskov after it emerged Scharf had instructed subordinates to obtain information on the movements of a Danish MP . Reforms may be coming in Denmark The revelations put Storm 's story back in the public spotlight . Bonnichsen sharpened his criticism of PET , asserting the disclosures on Danish involvement in assassination plans overseas were so serious there was a basis for a criminal investigation . At the end of the year the beleaguered agency was put under more pressure when Jyllands-Posten disclosed PET 's refusal to offer Storm protection after ISIS linked militants in Syria threatened his life in a video . "  Is it really a satisfactory way for the security services to carry out their task in that it takes three weeks before you answer a former employee who -- rightly -- felt threatened by Islamists ? ' the chairman of the Danish People 's Party told the newspaper . Storm now lives in hiding in an undisclosed location in the UK , and says he currently receives no protection from any Western intelligence service . In April 2014 , the pressure on Denmark increased further when the Open Society Foundation , a New York based legal advocacy group , called on Denmark to acknowledge its role in al-Awlaki 's killing and announced it had filed freedom of information requests with the Danish government regarding Storm . "  Danish officials have refused to respond specifically and meaningfully to numerous questions posed on this subject by the legal affairs committee of Denmark 's parliament , " a press release by the group stated . "  The evidence that has been revealed by Jyllands-Posten , is very worrying . They show that PET actively cooperated with the CIA in the operation to track down and kill Anwar al-Awlaki . They show that PET was eager to cover up his role in the program . They show that PET was trying to hide the truth from the Danish public . The evidence suggests that PET may have violated the Danish Criminal Code provisions relating to murder and international legal prohibitions on , among others , the right to life , among other laws . These are very serious offenses , " Amrit Singh , the senior legal officer for national security and counterterrorism for the Open Society Justice Initiative , told Jyllands Posten . Bonnischen told CNN new oversight rules for PET are now being discussed which would require the agency to submit an annual report to a parliamentary oversight committee on how many agents it was running and how they were being run . Magnus Ranstorp , one of Scandinavia 's leading counterterrorism academics , told CNN Storm 's revelations had "  opened a Pandora 's box of ethical problems which will probably lead in the future to PET 's ability or leeway to act being restricted . " It is rare indeed for an intelligence informant to go public about his work . In Storm 's case the disclosures may change the law -- and radically change the way his former employer works . Excerpt from ` Agent Storm ' : Finding a wife for Anwar al-Awlaki	Morten Storm was a radical Islamist turned double agent He claims Danish agency recruited him to work with CIA PET said it had nothing to do with Anwar al-Awlaki operation
CNN  -- As he strained , crunched and lifted weights , the muscle panels surfaced from Jason Dinant 's stomach . Faintly at first , they emerged : one , two , three and four -- not yet a six-pack . "  In the first three months , I saw such a fast improvement , now I 'm worried about plateauing , " said Jason Dinant . "  My bottom two abs have n't come in yet , " he said . Since January , Dinant , an iReporter , has tried to get six-pack abs in time for his 10-year high school reunion in June . Dinant , a Las Vegas , Nevada , resident , is one of the three iReport contributors being followed by CNNhealth as they strive to meet diet and fitness goals they set at the beginning of the year . iReport.com : See the journey to change Dinant wanted to whip his beanpole figure into muscular shape . He also wanted to display a healthier physique for his blog called "  Naked Boy News , " where he stands shirtless to give what he calls "  the naked truth about today 's news . " And now the 27-year-old has another motivation . Dinant will be a guest , riding in a chariot-style car for an "  ab-veil " on June 28 for the Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual and Transgender Pride March in New York . His car is to be accompanied by rows of shirtless men who also have six-packs . Dinant was invited because , the Naked Boy News is "  a very popular act , " said Maurice Michaane , director of the event . "  People in the Northeast know him . " With the parade only two months away , Dinant said : "  Now I 'm in high drive . There 's no cheating on the diet . " To get in shape , he works out four to five days a week , performing a combination of core exercises , dumbbell curls and pull-ups . He jogs , does cardio exercises and works with a fitness trainer . To avoid looking like "  a toothpick with abs , " he started lifting weights . With a stringent diet and hours at the gym , the 6-foot-tall Dinant shrank from 160 to 143 pounds . Losing weight is normal with all the exercising and dieting , said Robert Dothard , a personal trainer based in Atlanta , Georgia . "  You ca n't see a six-pack through fat , " Dinant said . "  Belly fat is the enemy . People reveal their ab muscles , but the nutrition and exercise are also formula for weight loss . " The key is to eat in increments , but it 's difficult for people with traditional , 9-to-5 jobs to eat something every two hours to maintain their weight , he said . Body builders try to offset the weight loss by consuming protein powders and supplements , Dothard said . Dinant 's weight loss was completely unintentional . He said eating 16 egg whites and 1 1/4 pounds of chicken breasts every day gets old after three straight months . "  It 's hard to eat that much protein , " Dinant said . "  I started drinking this protein shake so I can get in all the calories and protein . " Compared with just four months ago , the "  man boobies " and the extra layer of flab around his midsection have been lost , Dinant said . And there 's an even bigger benefit . "  I 'm awake more . I 'm alert more and I have more energy , " he said . "  I just feel better . My whole body has become healthier and better . " While pleased with the results , Dinant worried that with two-thirds of a six-pack , his body will begin to plateau . "  Plateaus are really a mental thing , " Dothard said . "  When that happens , people start going back to their own habits . So they end up cheating and binging . " If the body does n't respond to the workout anymore , more difficult exercises should be adopted . "  Jason has to do something different or harder to maintain results to keep on the track that he 's on , " Dothard said . "  It can be frustrating , especially when he is still working out and the body is not responding to the same thing . People work out 30-45 days and get tremendous results , then it slows down or stops . Nothing 's wrong . The body is adjusting to what you 're doing . "	Jason Dinant , an iReporter , has met two-thirds of his goal for six-pack abs Dinant getting in shape for high school reunion and gay pride parade Fitness trainer advises using more difficult exercises if body plateaus
Editor 's note : Eric Cantor , a Republican serving his fifth term representing the 7th District of Virginia , was elected last month as the Republican Whip , the party 's second-highest position in the House of Representatives . He also serves on the House Ways and Means Committee . Rep. Eric Cantor says Republicans want to make sure the massive economic stimulus plan is used wisely . WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Bolstered by wide Democratic margins in both chambers of Congress , the new administration assumes power Tuesday with a broad public mandate to repair the feeble economy . But with such a free hand over current stimulus efforts comes great danger . Costing at the very least a hefty $ 825 billion , the plan 's potential for taxpayer waste and special-interest-driven giveaways is enormous . We Republicans believe we can help mitigate those risks if we are given a meaningful place at the table . President-elect Barack Obama was correct to point out recently that no one party has a monopoly over sound ideas . Rather than presenting an obstacle , House Republicans intend to use the full force of our ideas to help Democrats produce a better package to help pull the country back from the economic abyss . Specifically , we want to keep the stimulus bill -- as well as all other future economic "  rescue " measures -- limited in scope and transparent . Our country has no other choice . The Congressional Budget Office  CBO  issued a sobering report that this year 's deficit will likely climb to over 8 percent of U.S. gross domestic product , or $ 1.2 trillion . That 's higher than at any point since World War II -- and those figures do n't even account for the forthcoming stimulus . Such heavy borrowing runs the risk down the line of rampant inflation , which scares away foreign capital while making the purchasing power of the dollar weaker for American consumers . While deflation may be the more immediate threat that the Federal Reserve and Treasury Department are correctly focused on , uncontrolled spending and borrowing could easily necessitate much higher Treasury interest rates to keep foreigners financing our mounting debt . Especially given the looming entitlement crisis , this poses heavy danger for businesses and families alike . Let 's not lay the groundwork for future financial catastrophe . Let 's lay it for future growth . The stimulus can do that by focusing exclusively on strengthening businesses , boosting job creation and lifting consumer confidence . Our preferred strategy is to provide meaningful tax relief directly to middle-class taxpayers and the small businesses that they operate or work for . Particularly in down times , tax cuts can lift an economy by encouraging work , investment and business expansion . That should be the aim of the $ 300 billion in tax cuts the president-elect has pledged -- an apparent recognition , however overdue , that tax cuts are in fact stimulative for the economy . But we also accept that these are dizzyingly uncertain economic days for our country . The Democrats have proposed additional spending for infrastructure and the like , ostensibly to compensate for stagnation in the private sector . Like bears sniffing out food at a campfire pit , those looking for a piece of the multi-billion dollar pie have flooded Washington with a cascade of requests , some capable of spurring immediate and lasting growth , others falling hopelessly short . In order for the public to know that money is not wasted , two things are needed . First , we need to reconcile the American people 's demands for swift action with the fact that a good bill requires time -- time to hold hearings , read the bill in painstaking detail , and root out waste . Second , Democrats have to live up to President-elect Obama 's vow for "  unprecedented transparency . " The GOP welcomes and strongly encourages the president-elect 's idea to post all contents of the bill online for the American people to judge . Lastly , any new spending must be introduced with the clear understanding that it is temporary rather than permanent . It is not always easy to terminate spending programs once they have been funded , but our bleak long-term budget outlook requires significant sacrifices over the coming years . We trust the Democrats ' assurances that the economic stimulus will not be turned into a grab bag for favored interests . Serving as the honest and fair check on majority power , we will work to ensure they keep their word . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Eric Cantor .	Rep. Eric Cantor : Obama has a mandate for plan to spark the economy Plan 's potential for waste and special-interest giveaways is enormous , he says Cantor : We support Obama 's idea of making the plan transparent He says best strategy is to provide tax relief to middle class , small business
Mashable  -- Facebook has launched a page devoted to U.S. politics , located at Facebook.com / USpolitics . Rolled out at the Personal Democracy Forum in New York City , the page monitors how U.S. politicians , elected officials and political campaigns use Facebook to connect with citizens . Facebook is an important part of U.S. politics today . Barack Obama has an incredibly popular page , with more than 8.6 million fans . Recently , U.S. President George W. Bush started his own Facebook page , amassing over 70,000 fans in a very short timespan . Facebook also has a similar page devoted to sports , as well as all of the celebrities who use Facebook . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Facebook has launched a page devoted to U.S. politics The page monitors how politicians use Facebook to connect with citizens Barack Obama has more than 8.6 million fans
CNN  -- Police pressed their case Friday against a Missouri man who , they say , tested positive for HIV in 2003 , then had more than 300 sexual partners -- saying later he did n't tell them about his condition because of his "  fear of rejection . " Dexter , Missouri , police Det. Cory Mills said he filed a probable cause statement Friday for two more alleged victims who wish to seek charges against David Lee Mangum . This could lead to more counts against the 36-year-old Mangum , who is already facing a felony charge accusing him of exposing one of his former live-in partners to HIV . The scope of what happened and what 's to come remains to be seen -- both in terms of the breadth of legal trouble Mangum will face and the hundreds of lives he might have forever altered , directly and indirectly . To the latter point , authorities in the rural southeastern Missouri county where Mangum lived are urging anyone with reason to suspect they could have been infected to stop their sexual activity and get tested . "  Due to the initial exposure containing 300 or more individuals over an extended period of time , each of which could themselves have multiple sexual partners , this situation should be a serious concern , " Stoddard County Prosecuting Attorney Russell Oliver said in a statement . Oliver added it was especially important action be taken by anyone in the area who had met for a sex act through the Craigslist website 's "  men seeking men " section . That 's how the victim said he first connected with Mangum in October 2012 , according to a criminal complaint obtained Friday by CNN . The pair then had unprotected sex -- though only after the victim told police he "  specifically asked if  Mangum  had any disease and Mangum replied no , " the document says . The next month , Mangum and the younger man moved in with each other . Except for a 16-day stretch in December , they remained live-in partners in Dexter , a city of about 8,000 people some 160 miles south of St. Louis , until June 2013 . It was then the younger man , now 29 , told police he ended the relationship "  because he discovered Mangum was cheating on him . " Sometime later , according to the complaint , that man got a call from a woman who had lived with Mangum in 2011 . She told him that Mangum revealed to her he 'd been HIV-positive since 2003 . After that , the victim took a test at the Stoddard County Health Department that showed he also had the virus . The suspect confirmed he had tested positive in Texas to the victim and later to police , officials said . That diagnosis did n't stop Mangum from having hundreds of sexual partners -- including 15 to 20 instances of unprotected intercourse , sometimes involving a third man , with the victim tied to the charge issued this week -- according to the criminal complaint . The same day he talked with the victim , Dexter police detective Mills found Mangum , who agreed to be interviewed and waived his Miranda rights . The suspect confirmed what his former partner had said , saying he did n't tell those he had sex with about his HIV diagnosis because of "  fear of rejection , " the complaint says . While authorities have tracked down some of Mangum 's sexual partners -- 50 to 60 of whom lived in Stoddard County -- "  countless others remain unknown , " Oliver said . Mills said the suspect may not be of much help , because Mangum "  usually only knew his partners ' first names . " Many of them were in the Dallas area , where Mangum spent some time , according to the Dexter police detective . "  Mangum indicated all his sexual partners were white males , " Mills noted . Knowingly exposing someone to HIV without their consent is a felony under Missouri law that can bring a prison term up to 15 years . Infecting someone can bring a life term . Mangum 's bail was set at $ 250,000 during his arraignment Thursday in Stoddard County . CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	NEW : Police file probable cause statement on behalf of 2 more alleged victims NEW : Mangum says all his partners since getting HIV were white males , a detective says Mangum told police he did n't tell sex partners of HIV diagnosis due to his "  fear of rejection " Officials say his partners ' identities are n't all known , even by Mangum himself
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Just hours after Taye Diggs walked the red carpet and was a presenter at the Screen Actors Guild Awards , the actor tackled a burglar at his home , police said . Diggs , who plays a doctor on ABC 's "  Private Practice , " returned to his Studio City home from the SAG ceremonies Sunday night to find a man in his garage "  looking for items to steal , " a Los Angeles police spokesman said Monday . The burglar ran from the home , but Diggs caught up with him down the street and tackled him , Detective Gus Villanueva said . Diggs detained the man until officers from the LAPD 's North Hollywood division arrived to take him into custody , Villanueva said . Suspect Hassan Juma , 20 , was jailed and charged with burglary , he said . LL Cool J catches burglary suspect CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	Taye Diggs chased the burglar after finding him in his garage , police say The man was "  looking for items to steal , " police say Diggs plays a doctor on ABC 's "  Private Practice "
CNN  -- Tsunami warnings were canceled for all countries Sunday , a day after a deadly 8.8-magnitude earthquake struck Chile , forecasters said . However , the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said in its cancellation alert it was only advising governments , and "  only national and local government agencies have the authority to make decisions regarding the official state of alert in their area and any actions to be taken in response . " Despite the cancellation , Japan remained cautious . The nation 's meteorological agency opted to downgrade the warning without eliminating it entirely . Its prior alert of "  major tsunami " was changed to "  tsunami . " The quake struck Chile early Saturday , killing at least 300 people and prompting tsunami warnings and advisories along the Pacific . Chilean officials are expected to announce an updated death toll later Sunday . Full coverage of Chile quake Japan experienced waves along its coast Sunday afternoon . It was the last nation a tsunami was expected to reach , according to the alert . No injuries were reported , but Japanese authorities advised tens of thousands of evacuees from coastal areas not to return home yet . The first tsunami -- a 4-inch wave -- hit the Pacific island of Minami Torishima , according to the Japanese meteorological agency . A few waves later , the tallest one yet at about 4 feet hit the Kuji Port in Iwate , the meteorological agency said . The northern part of the main island could be hit by a tsunami at least 9 feet high . Are you there ? Share your photos , video with CNN Sunday 's alert was Japan 's first major tsunami warning in more than 15 years , the agency reported . In 1960 , a tsunami spawned by Chile 's 1960 earthquake killed 140 people in Japan . In the U.S. state of Hawaii , the cancellation occurred nearly two hours after the first waves came ashore . Coast Guard crews said they had found no significant damage to ports or waterways as a result of the tsunami . But the tsunami center said some coastal areas may see small sea-level changes or unusual currents for the next few hours . The cancellation "  does not mean it is now safe to resume normal activities or re-enter evacuated shoreline areas , " the tsunami center said . It said that county civil defense agencies and local police departments would make those determinations . "  There was no assessment of any damage in any county , which is quite remarkable , " said Gov. Linda Lingle . "  It 's just a wonderful day that nothing happened and no one was hurt or injured . " Check out the world 's biggest earthquakes since 1900 In Chile , tsunami waves came ashore along the coast shortly after the earthquake , U.S. Geological Survey geophysicist Victor Sardina said . The largest was 9 feet near the quake 's epicenter , Sardina said . On the island of Juan Fernandez -- 400 miles  643 km  off Chile 's coast -- a large wave killed six people , Provincial Governor Ivan De La Maza said . At least 11 people are missing . Navigational buoys in Ventura County , California , got minor damage as a result of a 2-foot surge and waves , according to the Alaska Tsunami Warning Center . CNN 's Kyung Lah contributed to this report .	Pacific Tsunami Warning Center cancels alert for all nations Tallest wave to hit Japan measures 4 feet Initial tsunami waves from Chilean quake reach Japan First wave strikes Minami Torishima
CNN  Turns out the Beagle had landed , after all . The 11-year-old mystery of what happened to the UK-sponsored Beagle 2 Mars lander on its trip to the red planet 's surface appeared to be mostly solved Friday with the announcement the craft had been spotted in high-resolution NASA images taken from orbit . The lander -- crammed with devices to look for signs of life on Mars -- never radioed home after hitching a ride aboard the European Space Agency 's Mars Express orbiter and dropping into the atmosphere on December 25 , 2003 . The images appear to show that the lander 's solar panels did n't fully open after landing , preventing the craft from getting power and exposing the antenna it would have used to communicate with controllers on Earth , according to the space agency . While the reasons for that failure remain unknown , the discovery of the lander helps solve one of the most enduring mysteries in Martian exploration , said Mark Sims , a Beagle 2 team member from the University of Leicester . "  Every Christmas Day since 2003 I have wondered what happened to Beagle 2 , " he said , adding that he 'd almost given up hope of ever knowing what had come of the lander . "  The highly complex entry , descent and landing sequence seems to have worked perfectly and only during the final phases of deployment did Beagle 2 unfortunately run into problems , " he said . The lander , which is less than 2 meters  6.56 feet  across when fully deployed , was first spotted in the NASA images by Michael Croon of Trier , Germany -- a former member of the European Space Agency 's Mars Express operations team , the UK Space Agency said . Croon is among a group of Beagle 2 team members who have spent years combing through images from NASA 's HiRISE camera , which is on the agency 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter , looking for signs of the missing craft , the agency said . He found it in an area near the planned landing zone , an impact basin called Isidis Planitia close to the Martian equator . The grainy images appear to show the lander resting on the surface , its solar panels only partially deployed . The craft 's rear cover and parachutes are nearby . Had the lander deployed properly , a suite of onboard tools would have been used to analyze rocks , soil and atmosphere for signs of life . The lander -- the first European craft sent to the Martian surface -- was named after the HMS Beagle , the ship that carried Charles Darwin on a groundbreaking 5-year scientific survey . While its namesake resulted in no such breakthroughs , David Parker , chief executive of the UK Space Agency , said the discovery proves the Beagle 2 had its successes . "  The history of space exploration is marked by both success and failure , " he said . "  This finding makes the case that Beagle 2 was more of a success than we previously knew and undoubtedly an important step in Europe 's continuing exploration of Mars . "	A missing UK lander is spotted on the surface of Mars The Beagle 2 never radioed Earth after descending to the Martian surface in 2003
CNN  -- It was 1984 . Hulk Hogan had won the WWE Championship from The Iron Sheik , Rowdy Roddy Piper smashed a coconut over Jimmy Snuka 's head and Captain Lou Albano 's appearance in Cyndi Lauper 's "  Girls Just Want to Have Fun " was hitting the airwaves . Fans around the world could n't wait get their hands on toy company LJN 's first line of WWE action figures . Sure , these tiny wrestlers were made of hard plastic and had zero moveable joints , but these were WWE action figures . Children wanted to play with the heroes and villains they saw on TV each week . "  I can remember asking my mom and dad for LJN figures straight off the shelves when I was about 8 or so , " said Daniel Epps , a 34-year old , decades-long fan of WWE figures from Gloversville , New York . Fast forward 27 years and Mattel 's collection of WWE figures is light years away from LJN 's stiff Hulk Hogan figures . Today , Mattel 's Randy Orton figure has 27 points of articulation , highly detailed tattoos and real fabric clothing that makes it the spitting image of the 6-foot-4 , 245-pound superstar . The improvements are irresistible for fans . "  Now I collect as a hobby . I tried to quit buying last year when Mattel took over the WWE license , but the figures are so incredible I just could n't stop , " Epps said . Another WWE figurine collector , Artur Queiroga , 20 , agrees . "  Mattel 's WWE action figures possesses superior articulation and bear a greater likeness to the superstars than the figures of past lines . "  The different classes of action figures are executed excellently , with different accessories and ranges of articulation , making a figure of the more expensive class truly seem worth it . " Hasbro took over production of the WWE figures in 1990 , adding moving arms and spring loaded movements . In 1996 , Jakks Pacific added 15 points of articulation , moving legs , heads and a level of detail not seen up until this time . Mattel is the fourth company to produce WWE figures starting in January 2010 . Mattel 's signature take on the figures is to scale them in the most life-like fashion to-date . All previous figures by the other companies were the same standard size . It did n't matter if you were 5 ' 9 " or 7 ' 6 " ; your action figure was the same height as all the others . Now , WWE Superstar Kane , who is 7 feet tall in real life , has his action figure stand at 7.5 inches while someone like Rey Mysterio , who is 5 ' 6 , " has his action figure stand a little over 6 inches . "  It is the coolest thing having your own action figure , " said former World Heavyweight Champion Christian Cage . "  It is hard to describe to go into a store and see yourself there on the shelf . It is kind of a surreal thing . You kind of know you have arrived when you get an action figure . " The process of turning a WWE Superstar or Diva into an amazingly real looking figure begins with putting the real superstars under a laser . "  A four-head body scanner sits on four posts that is lowered from the ceiling , " said Derek Handy , a senior designer from Mattel . "  A laser beam bounces back and forth off the Superstar that then creates a 3-D image . The head scanner rotates around the Superstar 's head 360 degrees and picks up the depth . " Nabil Carrillo , a 19-year old from Orlando , Florida , who collects WWE , Star Wars , Marvel Universe and other action figures , believes that the WWE figures by Mattel ca n't be compared with any other figure when it comes to detail . "  The details on these figures are superb , and they look realistic , " Carrillo said . "  That 's what makes them popular . " These figures are played with by kids , kept in their boxes by the adults and often set up in elaborate scenes by both . To the WWE fan , the wrestlers that they see on TV each week are their superheroes . "  Right now I have loose LJNs and Hasbros displayed on the ledges above my doors and windows of our living room and bedroom , " Epps said . "  I also have some signed figures hanging up on our dining room wall . " Fans enjoy creating dream matchups that they never thought were possible such as Ravishing Rick Rude from the 1980s and '90s vs. current WWE SmackDown wrestler Randy Orton . For the football fan , this is like seeing the 2008 Pittsburgh Steelers taking on the 1995 Dallas Cowboys . Online communities at wrestlingfigs.com , ringsidecollectibles.com and wrestlingsuperstore.com are the places where fans can discuss new and older figures . These websites also sell exclusive WWE figures that are n't available in traditional stores such as Walmart and Target . International buyers turn to these websites to find the figures that they ca n't find in stores in their own countries . "  We support each other in our hobby , from congratulating on recent purchases , to posting what series is out on store shelves , to advising about making custom figures , " Epps said . Many collectors hope their investments in these figures will one day pay them back and then some . Several LJN figures on eBay are selling from $ 500 to $ 1,000 . And while the current Mattel figures are not selling for that much more than their purchase price , they are expected to follow the upward price trend of the LJN and Hasbro figures . Movie and comic treasures go for big bucks One of today 's most popular activities in the WWE figurine collector community is creating customized action figures . For instance , WWE 's newest acquisition from Mexico , Sin Cara , does n't have an action figure out yet . Sellers on eBay take the time to design and hand-paint Sin Cara figures that are one-of-a-kind collector items . Even though Queiroga is a collector of all these figures , as far as selling his figures goes , he has no plans for that anytime soon . "  I 've collected action figures for a very long time and they mean a lot to me . I could n't part with them , " he said . Epps used to buy every figure made , but now since he has a family , his spending habits have changed . "  My main goal is to have one figure of every wrestler , " he said . "  Now I average about one figure every other week . I plan to some day give the collection to one of my kids , whichever shows the most interest in wrestling . "	With a growing base of collectors , WWE figures have vastly improved Laser scans give WWE wrestlers extra level of authenticity Fans gather online to discuss what they hope to be valuable investments
New York  CNN  -- A number of security lapses in an airport shuttle system in New York is raising concerns among some Port Authority officers and state senators . "  Among the cops it 's commonly referred to as a possible weapons delivery system , " said one Port Authority Police official of the AirTrain shuttle system that ferries thousands of passengers to and from John F. Kennedy International Airport . The official did not want to be named because of the sensitivity of the issue . The lack of security on the system -- an eight-mile fully automated , unmanned railroad -- was discussed Friday at a state homeland security hearing to discuss vulnerabilities that still remain 10 years after the 9/11 attacks on New York and Washington . "  There 's no scanning of bags , there 's no scanning of passengers , " said state Sen. Greg Ball , who is also the chairman of the New York State Homeland Security Committee . "  We should have uniformed personnel on that transportation corridor , we do n't . " Police Benevolent Association Vice President Robert Morris described it simply as "  a bad situation , " pointing out that the airport shuttle trains enter the international arrivals building of the airport directly underneath departures where airlines such as El Al operate . Cleveland terminal , planes evacuated after screening glitch "  Port Authority 's own security study prior to the deployment of that system was for 18 police officers a day to police the system . Three tours of duty a day , 365 days a year , " Morris told the panel . "  In the last 12 months we 've had 40 tours , which is about two weeks ' worth of coverage with one officer . " The hearing , requested by Ball , took place following a complaint in March by the New York division of the Police Benevolent Association , a nationwide union representing police officers . The union cited a lack of security on the airport shuttle in their complaint . The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is responsible for security at New York City airports , bridges and tunnels . The Port Authority said in a statement Friday that there is no lapse in security . "  The way the PAPD is deployed , as well as cameras and the entirety of our security apparatus , means the traveling public should feel safe within all of the Port Authority facilities , " the statement said . Bobby Egbert , spokesman for the Port Authority Police Benevolence Association , acknowledged Saturday that the Port Authority is a huge organization with many responsibilities . When it comes to transporting people and developing commerce in the bistate region , he said the agency does a great job . "  The problem is it does n't take public safety and security concerns seriously , " he said . According to Egbert , the biggest problem with safety on the AirTrain system is a lack of communication , noting specifically the lack of a central radio system in the new JetBlue Terminal Five . Morris also noted the lack of an operable radio system in the terminal , saying officers instead are issued cell phones -- a slower form of communication when officers need to quickly call for backup or relay information . While officers in the terminal do carry radios on their belts , they "  might as well be carrying a brick , " Morris said Friday . Egbert pointed to the example of Steven Slater , the JetBlue flight attendant that pulled the emergency slide of a plane and ran from the airport . "  That 's how he got away , " said Egbert . "  The two cops on duty had no idea what was going on . " While Slater 's stunt did n't injure anyone , Egbert believes his escape exhibits the real safety threat to people in the airport and terminals surrounding AirTrain . Ball 's office said another hearing will be held in Albany next month to follow up on some of the concerns detailed in Friday 's meeting .	The unmanned , unpoliced AirTrain system is raising concerns The lack of security was discussed at a New York homeland security hearing "  It 's a bad situation , " Port Authority union officer says
CNN  -- Girls do n't do science . If that 's the stereotype , then good luck telling that to these women . From space archaeologists , to racing car drivers , and Higgs Boson physicists , here are 12 ladies with some of the world 's coolest jobs in science , technology , engineering , and mathematics  STEM  . But it was n't always this way . Growing up , some were told "  You 're OK for a girl , " or "  If you 're beautiful , you ca n't also be smart . " Luckily for us , they did n't take much notice . We take a look at their most inspirational quotes . 1 . Karen Nyberg , Astronaut "  When I was in high school , I was certain that being an astronaut was my goal . It was a very important time -- Sally Ride was making her first flight into space and she had a real impact on me . Those ` firsts ' kind of stick in your head and really become inspirations for you . " 2 . Zaha Hadid , Architect "  I used to not like being called a ` woman architect . ' I 'm an architect , not just a woman architect . The guys used to tap me on the head and say ` you 're OK for a girl . ' But I see an incredible amount of need from other women for reassurance that it can be done , so I do n't mind anymore . " 3 . Fabiola Gianotti , Higgs Boson physicist "  This job is a great scientific adventure . But it 's also a great human adventure . "  Mankind has made giant steps forward , " she said . "  However , what we know is really very , very little compared to what we still have to know . " 4 . Milka Duno , Race car driver "  When you put the helmet on , it does n't matter if you are woman or man : your mission is to compete to win . The important thing is your ability , your intelligence and your determination . " 5 . Marissa Mayer , CEO of Yahoo , former engineer at Google "  People ask me all the time : ` What is it like to be a woman at Google ? ' I 'm not a woman at Google , I 'm a geek at Google . And being a geek is just great . "  I 'm a geek , I like to code , I even like to use spreadsheets when I cook . " 6 . Nichelle Nichols , former NASA Ambassador and actress "  Science is not a boy 's game , it 's not a girl 's game . It 's everyone 's game . It 's about where we are and where we 're going . "  Space travel benefits us here on Earth . And we ai n't stopped yet . There 's more exploration to come . " 7 . Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw , Founder of drug company Biocon "  I have never let gender get in my way . "  It has taken me over 30 years to get from a garage to the huge campus that we have today . And it 's been a long journey . " 8 . Danica McKellar , Mathematician , writer and actress "  If you 're beautiful , you 're led to believe that you ca n't also be smart , " "  But you can be fun and fit and social and be really smart . And the smarter you are , the more capable you 'll be to handle whatever challenges come up in life . " 9 . Regina Agyare , Founder of software company Soronko Solutions "  When I was young I was very interested in science and technology , and my dad brought home the first computer . I played pac man and I was hooked ! By learning to create technology , girls learn to speak up . " 10 . Weili Dai , Co-founder of Marvell Tech "  I believe every single woman could accomplish what I 've accomplished . " 11 . Peta Clarke , Technical Lead at Black Girls Code "  Now we 're in an age where technology is mandatory , and we wanted young girls to have this understanding and know how to build an app . " 12 . Dr Sarah Parcak , Space Archaeologist "  When I was a kid we 'd rent Indiana Jones movies on VHS tapes . It inspired a whole generation of scholars because we saw the excitement , and the passion , and the drama . What 's amazing to me about archaeology is the stories are even better than what you see in a Hollywood movie . " We 'd love to see your photos of girls rocking science , with the best images featured on CNN . Submit your iReport here . How do we get more girls into STEM ? Join @CNNIwomen 's Twitter chat with experts on October 9 at 5pm GMT/12pm EST. #CNNWomen #IDG14	Think girls do n't do STEM ? Think again Here are 12 women with the coolest jobs in science Inspirational quotes from Zaha Hadid , Nichelle Nichols , Marissa Mayer Marking International Day of the Girl , Ada Lovelace Day
CNN  -- A major general who formerly headed U.S. Army operations in Japan will be forced to retire and do so at a lower rank after the military concluded that he failed to "  properly address " sexual assault allegations in his command , the Army said on Wednesday . Army Secretary John McHugh has directed that Maj. Gen. Michael T. Harrison "  be retired " as a brigadier general , according to a statement . The Army said federal law requires that officers retire "  at the highest grade " at which they served satisfactorily and McHugh determined that in Harrison 's case , it was one step below his current rank , the statement said . Reports of military sex assault up sharply An Army investigation found that Harrison mishandled sex assault allegations reported to the command , Lt. Col. Alayne Conway said . No other details were provided . Harrison was suspended from his post as head of U.S. forces in Japan last year amid the investigation . The military has struggled with the issue of sexual misconduct reports within its ranks . Survivors of military sex assaults frustrated with legislation Under current guidelines , military commanders have the authority to decide whether their subordinates should face prosecution when such allegations emerge . A debate in Congress over whether to remove that decision-making process from the command structure was the subject of political infighting earlier this year . Harrison joined the Army in 1980 served in numerous capacities around the world . He is due to retire in October . Report : More than 1,300 military sexual harassment claims last year	Army Maj. Gen. Michael Harrison is a former commander of U.S. forces in Japan He was disciplined over his handling of sex assault allegations in his command The military has seen an increase in the number of sex assault reports within its ranks He has been retired from the Army at a lower rank , the Army said
CNN  -- When Julia Kozerski saw a camera , she would duck and dodge out of the way . She 'd hide behind other people or offer to take the picture to avoid being photographed . "  It was an embarrassment , somebody having that photograph , " she said , who at her heaviest weighed 338 pounds . "  They told the truth . It haunts you . " But when Kozerski got married in 2009 , she had to face the camera for obvious reasons , as every bride does . "  I had n't taken a photo in 10 years , " she said . When she saw her wedding pictures , Kozerski said , "  I did n't see that happiness . I saw someone scared of the camera -- that was n't me . " Her inhibitions about being photographed are upended in her self-portraits chronicling her weight-loss , called "  Half . " See Kozerski 's self-portraits In a society where perfection and Photoshop are givens , Kozerski disrobes and photographs herself just the way she is -- no makeup , no clothes , no hairstyles , no computer tricks to nip and tuck . In the series , a somber Kozerski faces a mirror , a scale in another scene , and a refrigerator stocked with food -- "  They serve as reflections of my experience and address and explore my physically and emotionally painful , private struggles with food , obsession , self-control , and self-image , " the photography student at the Milwaukee Institute of Art & Design wrote on her website . She came from a family with a history of weight problems and grew up on fast food . The family made halfhearted attempts to lose weight and tried Slim Fast shakes and Weight Watchers , but these efforts fizzled . "  I do n't think we knew the steps to take , we had never been introduced to diets or proper food , " she said . At school , she never felt like she fit in and began shopping at plus-size stores during middle school . By the time Kozerski got married , her body mass index was 49.9 -- a BMI over 30 is considered obese . When she saw her wedding photos , that was the last straw . She woke up one day and told herself , "  I 'm done being sad . " She started a weight-loss blog and used a free online calorie counter . She kicked the habits of eating out and drinking soda , and picked up more fruits and vegetables . Her exercises started with small steps -- walking her dog every day , taking stairs instead of the elevator and parking far away from the store . As she shed weight , Kozerski chose her project for her photography class . She started with close-up shots of her back , her abdomen . These were faceless photographs that she brought to class . "  It was shocking in a way that provoked conversation , " Kozerski said . "  This is a story people relate to and talk about . I was just being as honest as I can . It becomes less about my experience and more about this greater story . " Everyone has something to hide that he or she is embarrassed about , Kozerski said . And here she was showing body parts that women tried to hide . She gradually started showing her face in the photographs . Her husband , family and friends wanted to know why she 'd put revealing images of herself into the public sphere . About her husband , Kozerski said , "  He began to understand the emotions , although I could n't verbalize them . He realized it 's more universal . " Her photos show her in distraught , hopeless and difficult moments . There are tears in her eyes . "  It 's an internal struggle , this whole thing -- it just bottled up . I could n't express myself , even through the photos , " Kozerski said . She called certain photos of her naked body "  casing " or "  ruins . " The way Kozerski presented her journey is "  revealing in every way , " said body image expert Robyn Silverman . Society has a definitive view of what it means to be fat . People associate the word "  thin " with positive words like popular , sexy , and controlled . With the word "  fat , " they associate traits like laziness , ugliness , lack of control in a way that "  the term fat is no longer a descriptor of weight and size , but an assessment of character , " Silverman said . The words Kozerski uses to describe her body -- like "  ruins " -- still serve as "  a reminder of the feeling of worthlessness , not being good enough " and how she and others who are overweight or obese struggle with these character labels , said Silverman , author of "  Good Girls Do n't Get Fat . " Kozerski had the classic grass-is-greener mentality that everything would be fine after she lost weight . "  It 's not related to a number or a size , or where you shop -- I thought it was about that , " she said . "  I 've realized it 's about who you are . If you 're confident and healthy , that 's where you want to be and that 's where you need to be as a person . " She lost 160 pounds -- essentially the weight of another person . She has maintained her weight for a year . It does n't take an army of nutritionists , personal trainers or experts to get healthier , Kozerski said . "  I 'm just a 27-year-old , Midwestern wife and fulltime college student . By definition , I am the ` Average Jane , ' I just realized that I was unhappy about myself and about my health and made simple changes to my lifestyle by eating better and moving more . "  Before I was horrified of imperfections , now I see the imperfections as battle scars . I 'm proud of what I 've gone through and what I 've done now . "	Julia Kozerski , 27 , has been overweight throughout her life Kozerski started dieting in 2009 and chronicled her journey through photographs The photos share struggles "  with food , obsession , self-control and self-image "
Washington  CNN  -- Environmental advocacy groups hope President Barack Obama will live up to the words of his second inaugural address that put climate change front and center on the national agenda even though he rarely mentioned it during the presidential campaign . But the same advocates , including the Sierra Club and the Natural Resources Defense Council , say the president should use the power of the executive branch to further those aims rather than pursuing a congressional strategy . Melinda Pierce , legislative director for the Sierra Club , pushed the president to focus more on executive orders and regulations from the Environmental Protection Agency than on legislation . "  Congress is a place where good ideas go to die , " she said . "  There is a tremendous amount that his administration can do without Congress . He has the authority ; he does n't have to wait for Congress . " Eric Pooley , senior vice president of the Environmental Defense Fund , told CNN that while "  serious climate legislation is n't in the cards this year " the White House understands that congressional "  legislation is not the only way to make progress . " CNN Poll : Do Americans agree with Obama on climate change and immigration ? "  There is a clear plan of action here , " Pooley said . "  It is time to just get started with the rule-making , which is a process that gives ample time for give and take between the administration and industry . " Included in the list of executive actions that Pierce and others hope for are curbing carbon emissions among existing power plants , not just new plants , and mandating high efficiency standards to larger trucks and longer haul vehicles . Those sort of executive branch actions are similar to what Obama pushed for during his first term . In 2011 , the EPA issued new standards on toxic pollutants and mercury emissions from coal power plants . Obama also finalized regulations requiring that passenger cars and trucks nearly double their fuel efficiency by 2025 . Bob Keefe , spokesman for the Natural Resources Defense Council , said Obama 's first term was successful on environmental issues because of those actions . However , he acknowledged that he would have liked to have seen more from the president . "  You take what you can get and you hope for more , " Keefe said . "  I think the president is recognizing this in his speech . " Why 2013 could be a game-changer on climate In a lengthy paragraph in his address on Monday , Obama said , "  We will respond to the threat of climate change , knowing that failure to do so would betray our children and future generations . The path towards sustainable energy sources will be long and sometimes difficult . But America can not resist this transition ; we must lead it . We can not cede to other nations the technology that will power new jobs and new industries -- we must claim its promise . " The president made little mention of climate policy in his 2012 campaign and outlined little , if any , specific climate policy plans for his second term . Obama 's climate policies , specifically Energy Department loan and grant programs for developing advanced energy technologies , were used against him on the campaign trail following the bankruptcy of Solyndra , which received economic stimulus money . Attack ads featured a visit Obama made to the California solar panel manufacturer and Republican candidate Mitt Romney used the bankruptcy to highlight what Republicans believed were misspent taxpayer funds on unproven energy projects . Pooley called this time period -- the last two years of Obama 's first term -- the "  two years of silence , " when very little talk was devoted to climate change . It was n't until Superstorm Sandy , an extraordinary confluence of powerful weather systems , devastated coastal New York and New Jersey in late October that the issue of climate change made an impact on the political season . Obama 's speech ties current issues to founding principles Before the storm hit , the last time both candidates mentioned the issue in any substantive manner was in written statements to a science organization in September . "  Sandy put this thing back on the agenda with an vengeance and restarted a national climate conversation , " Pooley said . "  That is the reality , that is what reminded everybody that this issue is not going away , that we need to deal with it . " Next step : Obama 's State of the Union speech on February 12 . Pooley said he has "  every reason to suspect " that Obama is going to unveil more detail in that speech about "  what he is going to do . "	Activists push for Obama to focus more on executive orders and EPA regulations than on legislation . President made little mention of climate policy in 2012 campaign and outlined few climate policy plans Superstorm Sandy returned climate change to the political conversation just before the election One advocate anticipates Obama will reveal some detail about his environmental agenda in the State of the Union address
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Three members of NATO 's International Security Assistance Force were killed in an attack in Kabul on Tuesday , the coalition said . Two were U.S. military personnel , and the third was Polish , a U.S. defense official said . The Taliban claimed responsibility for a suicide car bombing targeting a convoy of foreign forces in the Afghan capital , the militant group 's spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid said . A large plume of smoke filled the sky over Kabul , and the U.S. Embassy sounded its "  duck-and-cover " alarm . Witness Sakhi Ahmad said the explosion took place on Kabul International Airport Road , near the Supreme Court compound . ISAF and Afghan officials are investigating the blast , the coalition said . It did not identify the names or nationalities of those killed . At least 13 Afghan civilians were also wounded in the attack , Afghan Interior Ministry spokesman Sediq Sediqqi said . He said 17 civilian vehicles were damaged in the blast . The explosion in Kabul came a day after a man wearing an Afghan National Army uniform turned his weapon against ISAF members in western Afghanistan on Monday , the coalition said . "  ISAF continues to train , advise and assist the ANSF  Afghan National Security Forces  , and does not view these incidents as representative of the positive relationship between our forces , " ISAF said . Most NATO troops are due to withdraw from Afghanistan by the end of this year as the U.S.-led war effort against the Taliban winds down . The latest violence comes as Afghanistan grapples with the messy fallout from its presidential election this year . Why insecurity , instability and uncertainty loom over Afghanistan Masoud Popalzai reported from Kabul ; Holly Yan reported and wrote from Atlanta .	NEW : 2 were U.S. military personnel , and the third was Polish , a source says ISAF says 3 of its members were killed 13 Afghan civilians are among the wounded U.S. Embassy sounds "  duck-and-cover " alarm as sky fills with smoke
Gaza  CNN  -- Angry clashes erupted Friday in the West Bank , after Palestinian leaders called for a "  day of rage " in response to the shelling of a United Nations shelter that killed 16 people . At least four Palestinians were killed in outbreaks of violence in several parts of the West Bank , according to medical sources . The call for a massive follow-up to what were already some of the largest West Bank protests in years came as diplomats scrambled to find a cease-fire proposal that would satisfy mortal enemies Israel and Hamas and end more than two weeks of violence that has claimed more than 800 lives , most of them civilians . The developments come as Israel and Hamas agreed to a 12-hour humanitarian cease-fire beginning Saturday morning . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry that Israel agreed to a cease-fire , a U.S. official told CNN . The official , who is traveling with Kerry , spoke on condition anonymity . The news was first reported by Reuters and Agence France Presse . Hamas also agreed to the cease-fire , according to a statement released by senior Hamas spokesman Sami Abu Zuhri . There were questions whether the temporary truce would hold given that a previous Egyptian-backed cease-fire earlier this month collapsed . Israel 's military warned militants against targeting its soldiers and civilians during the 12-hour period it would respond , saying it would respond . During the cease-fire , Israel Defense Forces says it will continue working to "  locate and neutralize tunnels " being used by militants . The cease-fire agreement came hours after U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon called for the cease-fire , with the hopes it would be extended to seven days , while diplomats work to broker an end to the bloodshed . The cease-fire talks are playing out against a backdrop of mounting casualties . At least 864 people have been killed and more than 5,700 wounded since the start of an Israeli operation on Gaza , the Palestinian Ministry of Health said Friday . An Israeli military representative said Friday that another soldier had been killed in Gaza , bringing the total number of Israelis killed to 36 -- 33 soldiers and three civilians . A 23-year-old man was shot near Huwara village outside Nablus by Jewish settlers , a doctor at the Rafidia Hospital said . The circumstances of his death are unclear , but it led to clashes between protesters and the Israeli military in which another man was killed , medical sources said . Two more men were killed during clashes with Israeli troops at a checkpoint north of Hebron in Beir Ummar in the West Bank , according to Palestinian medical sources . A pro-Hamas demonstration in Ramallah drew a crowd of several hundred , and a protest march toward a Jewish settlement led to heavy clashes with the Israel Defense Forces and border police . Several people were injured , a CNN crew at the scene said . The IDF confirmed one Israeli soldier was killed and several were wounded Friday in Gaza , when militants fired mortars and anti-tank missiles . It also confirmed one of its soldiers , Sgt. Oron Shaul , was killed in battle in Gaza on Sunday . Hamas had said it was holding Shaul after capturing him in an ambush on an armored personnel Sunday in which six other IDF soldiers died . A committee led by the chief rabbi of the IDF concluded that he should be defined as "  a soldier killed in action whose burial site is unknown , " an IDF statement said . Diplomatic moves Meanwhile , the Americans were taking the lead on drafting an agreement with Israel and the Palestinians on a one-week humanitarian cease-fire starting Sunday , several diplomatic sources told CNN on Friday . Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas is the main Palestinian party to the agreement and has been the lead in discussions that include the United States , Egypt and Israel . At one point , the United States and Egypt were said to be close on an agreement with Israel and the Palestinians on the one-week cease-fire proposal , several diplomatic sources told CNN on Friday . But Kerry told reporters Friday that no final proposal was submitted to Israel for a vote . "  We still have some more things to do over the course of ... 24 to 48 hours , " Kerry said , adding that he would travel to Paris on Saturday , where he will continue to press for a deal . If the temporary 12-hour humanitarian truce holds , it will be used to get medical supplies into Gaza , and the injured and some of the dead bodies out -- with the hope that the parties can enter formal negotiations on a more permanent cease-fire that addresses economic , political and security concerns about Gaza , with other nations involved . Palestinian Parliament Member Mustafa Barghouti told CNN Hamas will comply with the terms of the temporary cease-fire . "  Of course , they will , " Barghouti said during an interview that aired Friday on CNN 's The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer . "  Not only Hamas but all Palestinians . " Americans fighting for Israel U.N. shelter hit The word of a temporary truce follows violent protests in the West Bank and Gaza , prompted after the U.N. shelter in Gaza was hit , killing 16 people and wounding a couple hundred more -- most of them women and children . Video from the school showed chaos amid pools of blood . There were so many victims than many gurneys included two wounded children . One father carried his small daughter into a hospital . There was n't much he could do but try to comfort his little girl as she cried and begged for him not to leave her . The bloodshed left the U.N. chief , Ban , exasperated . "  I am telling to the parties -- both Israelis and Hamas , Palestinians -- that it is morally wrong to kill your own people , " Ban said . The "  whole world has been watching , is watching with great concern . You must stop fighting and enter into dialogue . " A Palestinian government statement called the shelling "  Israeli brutal aggression . " It 's unclear who was responsible . The Israel military said it is investigating . "  From initial inquiries done about the incident , during the intense fighting in the area , militants opened fire at ... soldiers from the school area , " a military statement said . "  In order to eliminate the threat posed to their lives , they responded with fire toward the origins of the shooting . " Regev , the Israeli government spokesman , said Friday that it could have been inadvertent Israeli fire or the result of a Hamas rocket strike on Israel that fell short . "  Even if we do discover in the end that it was errant Israeli fire , why was a U.N. school , the vicinity of a U.N. school , turned into a war zone by Hamas ? " Regev said . The Israeli military said the area surrounding the school in Beit Hanoun had turned into a battlefield , and it had asked that the facility be evacuated even before the school was hit . A four-hour window was given , the military said . Chris Gunness , a spokesman for the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East , disputed that Friday . He said the Israeli military never responded to the agency 's urgent pleas for a cease-fire . "  If the IDF had responded , this carnage would never have happened , " he said . The Israeli military accused Hamas militants of refusing to let people at the shelter leave , saying they were being used as human shields . "  This is a tragedy . This is a clear tragedy , " Israeli military spokesman Lt. Col. Peter Lerner told CNN . Thursday 's strike marks the third time a U.N. school serving as a shelter has been hit . The first occurred Tuesday at an UNRWA school in eastern Gaza , where about 300 people were staying . The second occurred Wednesday in central Gaza at a shelter where about 1,500 were staying . There were no fatalities and few injuries in those incidents . Is Hamas using human shields in Gaza ? What is Hamas ' endgame in Gaza ? What is Israel 's endgame in Gaza ? Map : Tension felt around the world U.S. ends ban on flights in Ben Gurion FAA ban marks Israeli setback , Hamas ` victory ' How does the Iron Dome system work ? Gaza crisis : Who 's who in Hamas CNN 's Karl Penhaul and Salma Abdelaziz reported from Gaza . Chelsea J. Carter and Michael Pearson reported and wrote from Atlanta , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Ben Wedeman , Elise Labott , Ashley Fantz , Richard Roth , Ian Lee , Tal Heinrich , Ali Younes and Tim Lister contributed to this report .	NEW : Israel Defense Forces warn if militants attack during truce , it will respond Israel and Hamas agree to 12-hour humanitarian cease-fire At least four people are dead as new protests , violence , break out in the West Bank The Israeli military confirms the death of a soldier that Hamas claimed to have captured
New York  CNN  -- As a powerful mix of weather converged on the U.S. East Coast , residents across the region seemed to take the warnings with varying degrees of seriousness . "  It started yesterday afternoon when we started to see a rush from consumers for supplies like flashlights , hand-held radios and batteries , " said Tom Collins Jr. , a hardware store owner in Atlantic County , New Jersey . "  And starting this morning , we 've started selling plywood to contractors to help board up homes . " In Manhattan , where forecasts of a direct hit from Hurricane Irene last year left the city largely unaffected , many residents seemed relatively confident about Hurricane Sandy and its aftereffects . "  Most seem to take the attitude of ` whatever happens , happens , ' " said Jason Covell , who works at Nuthouse Hardware on Manhattan 's East Side . "  I do n't think anybody 's going crazy and buying sandbags . " Still , New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo on Friday declared a state of emergency in every county in expectation of the storm , while placing the National Guard on standby . Mayor Michael Bloomberg said the city 's Metropolitan Transportation Authority would begin suspending service "  before the arrival of sustained winds of 39 miles per hour or higher . " "  A major concern given this type of storm is the possibility of prolonged power outages , as you know , " he said . As Sandy churned northward , forecasters warned of high winds , strong tides and heavy rain , as well as potential snow , saying the storm would be strengthened by its collision with a wintry storm moving from the west . Early forecasting models show the tropical weather could make landfall in the Washington region as early as Monday , though it will more likely push farther north and slam the New York metropolitan area by Tuesday . Eastern portions of Ohio and Pennsylvania could get snow , while heavy rains are expected to blast the Eastern Seaboard . In Maryland , Gov. Martin O'Malley declared a state of emergency in advance of the storm . "  I urge all Marylanders to review their family emergency plans , make sure their emergency supplies like batteries and water are fully stocked and to stay informed , " he said . Meanwhile in Connecticut , Avon Town Manager Brandon Robertson recalled the perils of last year 's storm , which knocked out 90 % of the town 's power grid around Halloween . "  The town was in pretty tough shape , " he said . "  I do n't think anyone expected the level of devastation . " Robertson said he had his first emergency preparedness meeting Friday and that power companies , which were criticized for a slow response last year , have already started to prepare . "  We are stronger and better prepared to respond now , " said Connecticut Light & Power spokeswoman Theresa Gilbert . Federal authorities warned those in the densely populated area that is the storm 's predicted path to fill up on prescriptions , nonperishable foods , cash , bottled water , flashlights , extra batteries and first-aid kits . Farther south , Virginia 's National Guard was authorized Friday to bring up to 300 personnel for possible recovery operations . Last year , Hurricane Irene inflicted major damage from North Carolina to New England , though largely spared New York , where Manhattan restaurants and bars hosted hurricane specials and parties . But in neighboring states like New Jersey and Pennsylvania , the storm had harsher effects , knocking out power for thousands and causing flooding . "  While Sandy 's exact track is still uncertain , New Jersey has the potential to experience a major impact from high winds , heavy rain , flooding and power outages , " said New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie . "  I encourage all of our families to stay informed , get ready and reach out to those you know who may be isolated or in need of extra assistance during adverse conditions . " Floods are considered the most frequent natural hazards in New Jersey and residents across Atlantic County could be seen Friday filling up sandbags in preparation . Meanwhile , utility companies across the region were also in preparation mode in the hopes of reducing the numbers of power outages brought on by a rush of inclement weather . "  We 're bringing in all of our field people , " said Rena Esposito , a spokeswoman for Public Service Electric and Gas Company , New Jersey 's largest utility firm . "  We 're also making arrangements with other utility companies to be able to get support from other states if needed . " Last October , a powerful snowstorm left more than a million residents without power across the Northeast and mid-Atlantic states . CNN 's Eden Pontz contributed to this report	New York 's MTA will start suspending service before sustained winds of 39 mph Virginia 's National Guard authorized to activate to 300 personnel Early models show the hurricane could make landfall in D.C. region as early as Monday Forecasters say it will more likely push farther north and hit the New York area by Tuesday
CNN  -- Arsenal were held to a 1-1 draw by English League One side Leyton Orient in the FA Cup fifth round on Sunday . Arsenal , who recorded a famous 2-1 win over Barcelona in the Champions League in midweek , fielded a weakened side for Sunday 's fixture and looked to have done enough to win when Tomas Rosicky headed home in the 53rd minute . But Leyton Orient battled on and were rewarded when substitute striker Jonathan Tehoue beat two defenders before striking a low drive through Manuel Almunia 's legs in the 88th minute . The winners of the replay at the Emirates stadium will face Manchester United at Old Trafford in the quarterfinals . In the other FA Cup ties played Sunday , Manchester City thrashed Nott 's County 5-0 in their FA Cup fourth round replay match at Eastlands . Paul Ince 's League One side had managed to hold their more illustrious opponents to a 1-1 draw at Meadow Lane in January , and for a time held their own against Roberto Mancini 's men . It took City almost 40 minutes to break the deadlock when Patrick Vieira opened the scoring when he headed in at the near post from a David Silva corner . Vieira added a second just before the hour to all but kill off any hopes of a revival by County . But City were n't finished and further goals were added by Carlos Tevez -- who rounded Nelson in the Notts County goal before sliding the ball home -- in the 84th minute . Edin Dzeko added another in the 89th minute and Micah Richards made it five in injury time . The win sets up a fifth round tie with Aston Villa . Bolton Wanderers have booked their place in the quarterfinals after recording a 1-0 victory at Fulham . Croatian striker Ivan Krasnic got the decisive goal after 19 minutes with a volley past Mark Schwarzer . Bolton will face Birmingham at St Andrews for a place in the semifinals . Sunday 's only English Premier League match saw the Midlands derby between West Bromwich Albion and Wolverhampton Wanderers finish in a 1-1 draw . Wolves were heading for all three points after Jamie O'Hara had put them ahead after 39 minutes . But Carlos Vela 's pounced on a loose ball to tuck away an injury-time equalizer for Roy Hodgson 's team . The goal denied Wolves the chance to move off the bottom of the table , while a point lifts West Brom one point above Wigan in 17th place .	League One side Leyton Orient hold Barcelona conquerors , Arsenal to 1-1 draw in FA Cup Manchester City beat Notts County 5-0 in FA Cup fourth round replay at Eastlands Bolton book place in FA Cup quarterfinals after beating Fulham 1-0 West Brom and Wolves draw 1-1 in Premier League
CNN  -- I spent a recent Saturday morning at a field house in Juneau , Alaska , where girls with pink hair and stars and rainbows drawn on their cheeks run 27 laps around a gymnasium track . That may not seem like international news , but it should be . Their race was part of the international "  Girls on the Run " program , which is amazingly effective at empowering young women . I watched most of the race from the sidelines with Andrew , a grandpa wearing a driver 's cap , and Jennifer , the mother of one of the young runners . "  Good job ! Keep going ! Love you ! You 're awesome ! " "  Remember to breathe ! " Encouragement is the hallmark of the program , which pairs girls with adult mentors who help train them to run a 5K -- and , more importantly , talk to them about what it means to be women in modern America . "  You have to set a goal to become a powerful girl on the run , " Ati Nasiah , the local organizer , with a feather stuck in her hair , told the girls before the race . "  Each of us is unique , and that is what makes us so powerful . With every heartbeat and every breath , we are changing the world . " These girls are changing the world and Alaska , the state FBI crime estimates rank as having the highest rate of reported rape in the country . Teaching young women that they can be whoever and whatever they want to be is an important part of preventing rape and abuse . I visited Alaska in December because you voted for me to cover rape in the United States as part of CNN 's Change the List project , which focuses on bottom-of-the-list places like Alaska . Jennifer , the mom I watched the race with , and whose last name I 'm not using to protect her privacy , was a victim of domestic violence . Her husband beat her , she told me , and she got together with him when she was 13 and he 22 . One reason Jennifer brought her daughter to Girls on the Run , with the help of a scholarship and free sneakers , is that she does n't want her daughter to accept violence against women . "  Instead of me just sitting back and taking it ,  my kids  see me standing up , " she said . "  And that 's what they need . Otherwise , they will grow up and think it 's OK . " That 's hugely important . But the largely unspoken reality also remains : Victims are n't to blame for rape and domestic violence ; offenders are . So , while they are essential , programs like Girls on the Run are n't enough to end what Alaska 's governor has termed its "  epidemic " of rape and violence against women . To stop the violence , men have to stop raping and battering . That seems like common sense . But it 's still controversial . For evidence , look no further than Zerlina Maxwell , an attorney and rape survivor who went on Fox News last year to make that very point . Other pundits argued that women should carry weapons to protect themselves . No , Maxwell said . Men should stop raping , and that would solve it . For those remarks , she received death threats . On Twitter , one person wrote , according to a news report , "  I hope you get raped and your throat slit . " This same pro-gun sentiment came up in the comments sections of other Change the List stories published earlier this month about rape in Alaska . "  Time to arm and train the women to defend themselves , " one person wrote on my op-ed about a lawless village at the far edge of the state , where troopers fly in by plane . That 's wrong-headed . Instead of putting the burden on women to defend themselves , the state should continue to expand its Village Public Safety Officer program . I hope it soon will include that village . "  What we have been doing for the past 100 years has n't been working , " Maxwell told me by phone from New York . "  Focusing on women 's behavior is n't working . " Andrew , the adoptive grandpa who I spoke with during the race in Juneau , gets it , too . "  They need a program for boys , that 's for sure , " he told me . "  They 've got this program to rebuild the confidence and self esteem in the girls , and keep them going . But where is the support structure to stop it in the boys ? You know , break the cycle . " Alaska has more of a jump-start on that than some states . It was encouraging to see members of a local men 's high school basketball team acting as cheerleaders for the Girls on the Run event . Those players , from Juneau 's Thunder Mountain High School , are participating in a program called Coaching Boys into Men . It 's designed to teach young men about safe relationships and respect for women . Gov. Sean Parnell , a Republican , has requested $ 12.4 million to fund his "  Choose Respect " initiative , which also is aimed at preventing violence and helping survivors . That 's progress . But such programs should be expanded . We have to keep encouraging girls , but always remember offenders are to blame . Some of that should happen through formal training and programs . It 's also on all of us to call out inappropriate behavior when we see it . The family I sat with as we watched the girls sprint by understood this . When Jennifer 's son reached out to give his sister a whopping high-five , his mom told him that he had to remember to be gentle -- to support her , not hit her . "  Hands are for high-fives and hugs , not hitting , " she said . The next time his 9-year-old sister came around , he gave her the softest of bear hugs . "  Good job ! " The young runner seemed grateful for his support . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John D. Sutter .	Alaska has the highest rate of reported rape in the nation John Sutter : Efforts to prevent rape should focus more on men "  Victims are n't to blame for rape and domestic violence ; offenders are , " he writes Sutter visited Alaska as part of CNN 's Change the List project
CNN  -- Nigeria woke up on Sunday to a brand new economy , apparently . The federal government had changed the baseline for calculating Gross Domestic Product for the first time since 1990 , and as a result the economy was boosted by around 75 % . This was thanks , in part , to the contributions of accelerated sectors like telecoms and entertainment . Overnight , the economy of the "  giant of Africa " had grown from $ 292 billion to $ 510 billion . It could now claim to be Africa 's largest economy , and the world 's 26th . It was another headline-grabbing moment for a government already smug from Nigeria 's status as one of the "  MINT " economies , which also includes Mexico , Indonesia and Turkey . They are seen as successors to the now-famous BRICs as profiled by former Goldman Sachs economist , Jim O'Neill . But more interesting than this news is the countrywide response . In summary , it was a loud hiss . To hear one columnist tell it , "  until Iya Ramota , the tomato seller at Mile 12 Market , can be guaranteed uninterrupted power supply ... any economic statistic indicating that Nigeria is the largest economy in Africa ... can not be worth more than the paper it is written on ! " To be sure , this is not a particularly bright argument . No country is changed overnight . After all , statistics matter . To dismiss a decade of annual growth averaging 7 % in real terms is to insist on ignorance about how nations are changed in the long term . And , in terms of how the world views our country with respect to investment and risk , this news can not hurt . But the argument against has some merit . There are some urgent numbers that , alas , wont go away . Despite our new status , South Africa 's GDP per capita is $ 7,352 compared to our $ 1,555 , according to 2012 statistics . South Africa produces 40,000 megawatts , set to double by 2025 , while we battle a miserly 3,000 with no prospects of improvement , if our immediate history is any guide . Barely a week ago , in a nod to the over 100 million living far under the poverty line , the World Bank president said Nigeria was one of the world 's poorest countries . Then there is our biggest and most urgent crisis -- a debilitating lack of jobs . The National Bureau of Statistics has youth unemployment at over 54 % , although some commentators insist the true number is almost 80 % . Our work with Aiki.ng , a portal to expand access to jobs and opportunities for young people , suggest they are closer to the truth . If anyone disagrees with the numbers , they must accept the visual aids . In February , Nigerians were hit with the harrowing image from the nation 's capital , Abuja . At least half a million youth fought for 4,500 positions available in the Nigerian Immigration Service , with tens of thousands gathering at the National Stadium . Amid the crush , 16 people died . In Northern Nigeria , hundreds continue to die as the vestiges of state control have completely broken down , in a war that terrorist organization Boko Haram is clearly winning . How much direct foreign investment can our brand-new economy truly bring if Nigeria is still defined by insecurity , rampant inequality and a government that suspends its central bank governor , after he warns of missing oil revenues ? Not much , Nigerians believe . And they have saying this loudly for months and years . There was a time when the president 's people would dismiss the naysayers as a vocal minority on social media . But this has changed . According to the NOI-Gallup Polls -- the country 's most credible barometer -- Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan 's approval ratings for March took a 10-point hit , continuing a trend from last year that makes it clear he is no longer a popular president . That is why numbers that should give a psychological boost to a battle-weary citizenry instead lead to scorn , to disbelief , to nationwide derision . Because people are tired of pointless numbers and meaningless chest thumping . Nigerians are tired of waiting for their leaders to lead . Last week , the International Youth Foundation released its first Global Youth Wellbeing Index . Nigeria youth ranked lowest for wellbeing . The country was ranked near bottom in terms of economic opportunities , near bottom in use of Information Technology . Nigeria 's education system -- as seen by young people aged 12 -- 24 - is ranked the worst in the world . Much can fall apart , but when your youth lose faith in the present , and are incapable of seeing hope in the future , that is the worst possible thing that could happen to any country in the world . That 's not so easy to rebase . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Chude Jideonwo .	Nigeria 's economy was "  rebased , " making it Africa 's largest and the world 's 26th . But the country , particularly its youth , are suffering and its people responded with a hiss President Goodluck Jonathan is trending down in the polls , and he is no longer popular The country 's dissatisfaction will not be so easy to rebase , Chude Jideonwo writes
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The future of Manchester United 's on-loan Argentina striker Carlos Tevez is causing quite a stir at the champion English club . Should they sign him ? The future of Carlos Tevez at Manchester United is uncertain . Facing the question of whether to sign Tevez on a permanent basis , Manchester United fans appear to be saying "  yes , " while the player has talked of leaving . The Argentina international , fondly nick-named "  El Apache " by his supporters , is in his second season at Old Trafford , where he has scored 34 goals in 97 appearances . Do you think United should sign Tevez permanently ? Tell us what you think and why in the Sound Off box below . The 25-year-old scored another vital goal for United to help them beat Wigan and all but seal their successful defense of the English Premier League . And though Ferguson remains defiant that Tevez is still his player at present who is to say what will happen in the future . Manchester United fans have certainly let their manager know what they think . Following the Argentine 's goal chants of "  sign him up " were heard from the travelling faithful . Discussion groups have also been set up on the Manchester United page of social networking site Facebook , with the United faithful declaring their support for the striker . Among the comments were : "  We need Tevez . He always influences the game while he is on the pitch . " While another wrote : "  It would truly be a mistake if Fergie lets Tevez go " . Would it be a mistake if Tevez went ? Tell us what you think below .	Carlos Tevez ' loan deal at Manchester United ends at the close of the season Tevez says he has not been offered contract and does not feel ` wanted ' Tevez is a favorite of many United fans who hope to see him signed
CNN  -- Chevron filed an appeal with Ecuador 's National Court to review a ruling that it must pay billions of dollars in damages for oil pollution in the Amazon rain forest . In addition to the $ 8.6 billion ruling , the court said that Chevron must publicly apologize to Ecuador , and if it fails to do so , the fine will be doubled to nearly $ 18 billion . The ruling Chevron is appealing was handed by an Ecuadorian appeals court on January 4 , nearly a year after the panel received the case , the state-run Andes news agency reported . The case stems from claims that the company had a detrimental impact on Amazonian communities where it operated . Chevron says it has filed the appeal with Ecuador 's National Court of Justice . "  Throughout the course of this litigation , judges corruptly operating in concert with the plaintiffs ' lawyers have created , rather than corrected , injustice , " Hewitt Pate , Chevron vice president and general counsel , said Friday . Chevron 's appeal is the latest in 19 years of litigation between Amazon residents and Texaco , which was later purchased by Chevron . At the time of the January ruling , Chevron said the appeals court decision "  is another glaring example of the politicization and corruption of Ecuador 's judiciary that has plagued this fraudulent case from the start . " The company alleges that reports and evidence against it were fraudulent , and that bribes and corruption led to the original decision against it . "  Chevron does not believe that the Ecuador ruling is enforceable in any court that observes the rule of law . The company will continue to seek to hold accountable the perpetrators of this fraud , " the company said in a statement . When an Ecuadorian court handed down the original ruling last year , both Chevron and the Amazonian residents appealed . Chevron argued the verdict was the product of fraud and the plaintiffs said the size of the award was too small in comparison to what would be needed to do a real clean-up . The case , Aguinda v. ChevronTexaco , was originally filed in New York in 1993 on behalf of 30,000 inhabitants of Ecuador 's Amazon region . The suit was eventually transferred to the Ecuadorian court and Ecuadorian jurisdiction . The lawsuit alleges that Texaco used a variety of substandard production practices in Ecuador that resulted in pollution that decimated several indigenous groups in the area , according to a fact sheet provided by the Amazon Defense Coalition . According to the group , Texaco dumped more than 18 billion gallons of toxic waste into Amazon waterways , abandoned more than 900 waste pits , burned millions of cubic meters of gases with no controls and spilled more than 17 million gallons of oil due to pipeline ruptures . Cancer and other health problems were reported at higher rates in the area , the group says . Chevron says Texaco was partnered with an Ecuadorian oil company when it operated in Ecuador , and that it spent $ 40 million on remediation efforts to clean up roughly one-third of the sites in which it worked -- an amount reflective of its 37 % share of the oil-producing consortium with Petroecuador . It says its cleanup efforts were certified and approved by the Ecuardorian government and blames Petroecuador for any ongoing pollution at sites where it was the sole operator , according to documents on the Chevron website regarding the lawsuit and its history of operations in the South American country .	Chevron 's appeal continues 19 years of litigation The fine will double if Chevron does not apologize , an appeals court has ruled The company says the case is fraudulent It does not believe the ruling is enforceable
CNN  -- The search for debris that could belong to missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 evokes different emotions for relatives of the passengers . Some just want closure ; others might have their hopes of seeing their loved ones alive dashed . The objects , seen in satellite images taken Sunday , have not been confirmed to be parts of the missing plane . The first search plane to fly over the area found no sign of debris . Still , Malaysia 's interim transportation secretary called it a "  credible lead . " So the hopes and fears of the passengers ' families are once again floating to the surface as they await a definitive answer on the newest clue . "  It strikes me as just one more lead that may or may not come true , " said Sarah Bajc , the partner of American passenger Philip Wood . "  So it 's enough to make us all anxious again after a couple of days of quiet , but you know , I 'm cautiously pessimistic that it 's not a piece of the plane . " Bajc 's intuition is that the passengers are alive , the victims of a hijacking plot in which their return remains a possibility . "  So if this debris is indeed part of that plane , then it kind of dashes that wishful thinking to pieces , " she told CNN 's Chris Cuomo . "  So I really hope it 's not a part of the plane , but , you know , if it is , then at least we can go down another path of deciding that maybe we need to start preparing for another scenario instead . " Officials from Malaysia Airlines met with passengers ' families in Kuala Lumpur behind closed doors for about two hours Thursday . They were shown the satellite images that were used to pinpoint the debris but also told that there is no confirmation that it is the plane . The families , for now , were reserving judgment on what the new development may bring . Many who entered the meeting were stoic , doing their best to stay composed in stressful times . Relatives waiting at a Beijing hotel watched on TV as Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott briefed the Australian Parliament on the "  new and credible " information about the two objects in the southern Indian Ocean that could be from the plane . The families ' mood was tense as they watched Abbott report the new findings . A heavy sigh punctuated the attentive atmosphere , giving voice to their frustrations . As they listened to a Chinese translation of the news conference , the relatives hung on every word , sitting up straight or edging forward . Psychologists attending to the relatives in Beijing are worried that when definitive news comes out , it could be overwhelming for the families . Some of the elderly have reported suicidal thoughts because their only children -- products of China 's one-child policy -- were on Flight 370 . It could be just as hard on the families if the debris turns out to be a false lead . "  I firmly that believe my son , together with everyone on board , will all survive , " said Wen Wancheng , a missing passenger 's father . "  This is the first time in my life to experience something like this , " he said . "  In the past I just watched other peoples ' stories on the news . I watched explosions , ships sink and plane accidents . Those were other peoples ' stories . This time , it is my turn for bad luck . It is my turn to actually experience this . This is not watching news ; it is living it . " At the hotel in Beijing where the briefings are held , a message board was put on a wall and , within a few hours , was overflowing with notes . "  Dear dad , I miss your face , I miss holding your hand , I miss hearing your teachings and your wisdom , " one message said . Malaysian acting Transportation Minister Hishammuddin Hussein said he understands that the news about the debris will be foremost on the families ' minds . "  We do care about them , and we understand what they are going through , " he said . "  For the families around the world , the one piece of information that they want most is the information we just do n't have : the location of MH370 , " he said . Bajc disagreed that the relatives are a priority for the officials . "  I do n't necessarily think the people investigating the situation are particularly caring about what the families feel like . They 're caring about finding the plane , and that 's probably as it should be , " she said . In Kuala Lumpur , where Flight 370 originated , families had the same mixed feelings as those in Beijing and elsewhere . Selamat Bin Omar , the father of one of the passengers , said he hopes those on board are still alive but is ready to acknowledge that the plane may have met another fate . "  My feeling is , personally , I am grateful to the Australian government for finding it , " he said . "  Both governments , Australia and Malaysia . I thank them . If it 's true , I will accept that . " Malaysia Airlines said it wo n't be sending representatives or family members to Australia unless the objects are confirmed as plane debris . LIVE : Latest updates on the missing Malaysia Airlines jetliner If this is the debris of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 , what happens next ? Anger as relatives confront officials Difficulties may hamper Flight 370 search Searching for the plane truth -- amid speculation CNN 's Atika Shubert contributed to this report from Kuala Lumpur , and Pauline Chiou , Yuli Yang and David McKenzie contributed from Beijing . Mariano Castillo wrote the story in Atlanta .	NEW : "  This is not watching news ; it is living it , " says father of one passenger Australian authorities say satellites spotted debris that could belong to Flight 370 There is no confirmation that it is part of the plane But the news has elicited varying emotions from relatives of the passengers
Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari condemned the Sunday killings of two polio vaccination volunteers in the country 's northwest , calling their slayings "  cowardly and inhuman . " The workers were shot to death while visiting homes in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province in northwestern Pakistan , police said . Islamic militants have targeted anti-polio campaigns since U.S. intelligence used a fake vaccination program to aid its hunt for al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden . Pakistan is one of only three countries where polio remains endemic , with 58 cases reported in 2012 , according to the Global Polio Eradication Initiative . In a statement issued by his office , Zardari said the volunteers died in service of a "  noble cause " and called for tighter security for the effort . "  While condemning the death of the two polio volunteers , the president said that such cowardly and inhuman acts of the militants and extremists can not deter the strong resolve of government to eradicate polio from the country , " the statement said . The CIA used a fake vaccine program to collect DNA from residents of bin Laden 's compound to verify the al Qaeda leader 's presence before a May 2011 raid that killed him . Bin Laden had been holed up in the Pakistani city of Abbottabad , about 60 miles north of the capital , Islamabad . Sunday 's killings capped a bloody weekend dominated by a bus bombing and hospital siege in Quetta , the capital of the southwestern province of Balochistan . Militants attacked a university bus carrying women , then struck the hospital where the survivors were taken for treatment , authorities said Saturday . The 28 dead included 14 women killed on the bus , along with four nurses , four police officers and four militants , police said . At one point , the attackers held hundreds of patients , physicians and nurses hostage as they battled security forces . Earlier Saturday , assailants bombed the home of Muhammad Ali Jinnah , the founder of the Pakistani state , in Balochistan , killing a police officer and wounding an employee , authorities said . Interior Minister Chaudry Nisar said Sunday that there was a "  secret war " going on in the province , and the government had to work "  with all the parties involved " to bring it to an end . "  The government is ready to hold talks with those that believe in dialogue , " he said . "  But the government will not hold talks with those that propagate and practice extremism . "	The volunteers were killed Sunday in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Vaccination programs have been targeted by Islamic militants Pakistan had 58 cases of polio in 2012 The CIA used a fake vaccine program to verify bin Laden 's location
CNN  -- The U.N. Security Council approved sanctions Thursday against Nigeria 's Boko Haram . It added the terrorist group to the United Nation 's 1267 sanctions list , a list of al Qaeda-linked organizations subject to arms embargoes , travel bans and asset freezes . "  Today , the Security Council took an important step in support of the government of Nigeria 's efforts to defeat Boko Haram and hold its murderous leadership accountable for atrocities , " said Samantha Power , U.S. ambassador to the United Nations . "  By adding Boko Haram to the U.N. 's 1267 sanctions list , the Security Council has helped to close off important avenues of funding , travel and weapons to Boko Haram , and shown global unity against their savage actions , " she added . Nigeria had asked the United Nations to make the move as attacks in Africa 's most populous nation appear to be escalating , spreading beyond Boko Haram 's hotbed in the rural northeast . Twin blasts killed at least 118 people Tuesday at a market in the central city of Jos. The explosions went off 20 to 30 minutes apart , sparking an inferno that sent crowds running and screaming , covered in blood . Nigerian authorities described the blasts as "  terrorist activities " but declined to speculate on who might be responsible . In separate attacks in Borno state this week , at least 30 people were killed by members of the terror group , according to local residents . Boko Haram attackers swooped in on motorcycles Monday and killed 10 people in one village , residents said . A day later , gunmen stormed a nearby village and killed 20 others , residents said . During the attacks , Boko Haram set fire to homes and food stores , residents said , and fired machine guns . The group has not claimed responsibility for those attacks . Both villages are close to where more than 200 girls were kidnapped from a school last month . A Boko Haram leader claimed responsibility in a chilling video and said he was willing to free the girls in exchange for imprisoned militants . "  The sanctions designation is the latest step in the international community 's long-term effort to help Nigeria counter this terrorist threat , " Power said . "  We will continue doing everything we can to help the people of Nigeria bring back their girls , and we will work with the government of Nigeria to eliminate Boko Haram , including refuting their backwards and bloodthirsty ideology , because no child anywhere should ever be afraid to pursue a brighter future . " CNN 's Richard Roth , Nana Karikari-apau , Faith Karimi and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	The move helps hold the group 's "  murderous leadership accountable , " says official Boko Haram abducted more than 200 girls from a school in northern Nigeria Attacks in Africa 's most populous nation appear to be escalating
Washington  CNN  -- Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will return to work next week after a nasty bout with stomach flu and a concussion sidelined her for three weeks . "  The Secretary continues to recuperate at home . She had long planned to take this holiday week off , so she had no work schedule , " her spokesman , Deputy Assistant Secretary Philippe Reines said in a statement . "  She looks forward to getting back to the office next week and resuming her schedule . " Clinton spent the holidays with her family after working from home for the past week . Clinton 's doctors , in a statement released last weekend , said they told her to cancel all work events and "  rest and avoid any strenuous activity . " Clinton was recovering from the stomach flu when she fainted and suffered a concussion . Her doctors have grounded her from overseas travel for several more weeks , but her return to the State Department paves the way for her to testify before Congress on the September 11 attack on the U.S. diplomatic office in Benghazi , Libya . Last week Clinton 's deputies Thomas Nides and Bill Burns testified in her place at open hearings on the deadly attacks after Clinton had to bow out under doctors ' orders . That did not sit well with some members of Congress , especially Republicans , who have been highly critical of the Obama administration 's handling of the Libya attack and who have called for Clinton to appear when she returns to work . Clinton has promised to testify her next month before the before the Senate Foreign Relations and House Foreign Affairs committees about the findings of a scathing independent report that found "  grossly inadequate security " and "  systemic failures and leadership and management deficiencies " at the State Department . Clinton said in letters to the heads of those committees that she accepted every one of its recommendations , including strengthening security , adding fire-safety precautions and improving intelligence collection in high-threat areas . One official has resigned and three more have been disciplined in the wake of the report .	Clinton has been sidelined for three weeks She had stomach flu , and suffered a concussion when she fainted Clinton has promised to testify next month before congressional committees The committees are focusing on the attack on the US diplomatic office in Benghazi , Libya
CNN  -- Arsonists attacked the administrative offices of leading Israeli football club Beitar Jerusalem on Friday , police said . The attack occurred just days after the club signed two Muslim players . No one was injured in the fire , which was discovered around 5 a.m. , police said . But the blaze damaged the club 's trophy room . Last Thursday , four club supporters were arrested on charges of making racist chants , apparently directed at the Beitar 's newest players , Zaur Sadaev and Dzhabrail Kadaev . They came from Russian League club Terek Grozny , based in Chechnya . On the same day they were signed , January 26 , fans at a Beitar match waved a banner reading "  Beitar -- pure forever " and chanted anti-Arab slogans . Four were arrested . The Israeli Football Association later fined Beitar $ 15,000 and ordered the club to close the area at the Teddy Kollek Stadium where the club 's hardcore supporters usually gather . Meanwhile , investigators continue to figure out who is behind the arson attack . "  A thorough investigation has been opened by a Special Investigations Unit searching for suspects that fled the scene , " police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu condemned the "  shameful " arson attack in a statement issued Friday . "  We can not accept such racist behavior , " he said . Beitar 's general manager , Itzik Kornfein , issued a defiant message , saying the club would stand by its signing of Sadaev and Kadaev . He said bringing them on was the "  right decision , " despite the subsequent controversy . "  We will keep strong , " he told CNN . "  The club wo n't change it 's mind because of these criminals , " he said . "  But I want to emphasize that a minority of people have been causing these actions . Beitar and most of its fans are not racist . " Rosenfeld said security will be stepped up ahead of Beitar 's home match Sunday in the Israeli League against Bnei Sachnin , an Arab-Israeli team . Beitar , owned by Russian-Israeli Arkady Gaydamak , was founded in 1948 . The club 's crest features the menorah , which is also embedded in the emblem of the state of Israel . Throughout the club 's history many of their fans have remained implacably opposed to the signing of Arab or Muslim players .	Beitar Jerusalem offices are set on fire days after it signed Muslim players Football club supporters are arrested for making racist remarks Fans wave a banner at a match that says "  Beitar -- pure forever " No one was injured in the fire , police say
CNN  For the second time in his career , Madison , Wisconsin , police Officer Matt Kenny is being investigated for using lethal force . But the cases and their circumstances are different , very different . Friday 's death of Tony Robinson , an unarmed biracial 19-year-old , has made Madison the latest epicenter of protests of black males killed by white officers . Eight years ago , it was a different story . Kenny shot and killed a man who pointed a pellet gun at him . He was exonerated of any wrongdoing and received a commendation . The dead man was white . It started as a 911 call . The caller reported a man with a gun on his front porch . What the dispatcher did n't know was the man that Ronald Brandon was talking about was himself . Three officers rushed to the scene , including Kenny . They knew they were facing a potentially life-threatening situation . They were unaware that Brandon 's ex-wife , Susan , was also calling 911 . "  My ex-husband is sitting outside and I think he just called 911 , " she said . "  He 's got a pellet gun ... He 's drunk . " As she talked to the dispatcher , the squad cars arrived outside . "  I think he called you because he wants to end his drunkenness , " Brandon said . "  I hear the sirens coming . Jesus criminy . It 's not a real gun . I think he wants to be taken away . " The officers never learned that the weapon Ronald Brandon pointed at them was a pellet gun . The call with that information came 40 seconds before they arrived . Kenny shot him dead . Investigators ruled the shooting a "  suicide by cop . " For his handling of the incident , Kenny was awarded the medal of valor , the department 's highest honor . Last week 's shooting has n't earned commendations . It 's polarized a community . Because Robinson did not have a weapon , his death spurred memories of other unarmed black men killed by police : Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri . Eric Garner in Staten Island , New York . Over the weekend , protesters filled streets in Madison . On Monday , demonstrators packed the Wisconsin State Capitol . They chanted and carried a banner with a familiar message : "  Black lives matter . " The incident started Friday night when authorities got a call that a black male was yelling and jumping in front of cars , Madison Police Chief Mike Koval said . When Kenny went to the apartment where the report came from , he heard some commotion and forced his way in , Koval said . "  Once inside the home the subject involved in this incident -- the same one allegedly out in traffic and that had battered someone -- assaulted my officer , " Koval said . After that , according to the chief , "  The officer did draw his revolver and subsequently shot the subject . " Kenny has been placed on paid administrative leave pending an investigation . "  It 's a stressful period for him and his family , but he also understands that a family here has suffered a tragic loss and he understands that there has to be an investigation , " said James Palmer , executive director of the Wisconsin Professional Police Association . Under Wisconsin law , officer-involved shootings are investigated by an outside agency , in this case the Division of Criminal Investigation . Once the division completes its investigation , the report will go to the local district attorney , Koval said . Palmer declined to comment on the ongoing investigation , but said there are some circumstances when an unarmed person could still be seen as posing a deadly threat to a police officer . "  The real fear for any officer when he 's being attacked , generally speaking , is that their weapon will be taken away , " Palmer said , "  and an unarmed individual can become armed very quickly . " Concern is a word often used by the police chief as the investigation continues . Concern for his officer . Concern for the community . Kenny , 45 , is a 12-year veteran of the Madison Police Department . Koval calls him "  a very conscientious dedicated public servant , " but acknowledges that a second shooting in eight-year 's time is , well , concerning . "  Any loss of life is very tragic , " the chief said . "  Twice is concerning for anyone . We are concerned for him and the community . " And the community is looking for its concerns to be addressed . CNN 's Gary Tuchman , Brian Todd , Catherine E. Shoichet and AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	Officer Matt Kenny has involved in two fatal shootings during his career He earned a commendation after the first in 2007 His second is under investigation
CNN  -- Thousands of fans , many weeping , packed a Hannover , Germany , stadium Sunday to pay their last respects to Robert Enke , captain of the Hannover 96 soccer club , who died last week in what police believe was a suicide . Footage from the event showed Enke 's flower-bedecked coffin carried through the stadium to the accompaniment of Bette Midler 's song "  The Rose " as the crowd cheered . Many of the spectators waved Hannover 96 banners as they wiped tears from their eyes . Enke , 32 , was the goalkeeper for both Hannover 96 and the German national soccer team . He died Tuesday about 6:25 p.m. after he apparently stepped in front of a train . He had played in eight games for the team and was widely expected to be the German team 's goalkeeper in the 2010 World Cup . "  Preliminary police investigations indicate a suicide , " Hannover 96 spokesman Stefan Wittke said last week . The stadium funeral service followed another memorial in a church and a mourning march through Hannover initiated by fans , the team said in a statement on its Web site . "  Robert 's wife Teresa has expressed the wish to have all his friends and fans of her deceased husband bid farewell to him in the AWD Arena , " the statement said . "  Hannover 96 supports Teresa Enke in her wish to have Robert and his friends , fans and teammates part with one another in an appropriate and worthy setting . " "  A few days have passed since Robert 's tragic death , but our inner shock remains , " the team said . "  One thing is certain : We are not alone in our sadness . Robert Enke was not only perceived by you as a successful football player but above all as a special human being . " Funeral speakers included German football league president Theo Zwanziger , the team said , as well as team chairman Martin Kind and other dignitaries . Afterward , the team said Enke would be laid to rest "  in the presence of  his  closest family members . " Teresa Enke told reporters following Enke 's death that her husband had been battling depression for six years , but had kept his condition from being public knowledge . He left a suicide note , she said . The Enkes ' biological daughter , Lara , died in 2006 at the age of 2 from a heart condition . The couple recently had adopted an 18-month-old girl they named Leila . "  I tried to be there for him , said that football is not everything , " Teresa Enke said . "  There are many beautiful things in life . It is not hopeless . "  We had Lara , we have Leila , " she said . "  I always wanted to help him get through it . He did n't want  the depression  to come out because of fear . He was scared of losing Leila . " Have you lost a loved-one to suicide ? Share your story Fellow players said they knew Enke had been struggling . "  He was unstable , " Kind said just after his death . "  But he kept it under wraps . In the wake of Enke 's death , the German national soccer team canceled its friendly match with Chile on Saturday . Hannover 96 is currently 10th in Germany 's Bundesliga top division . Enke had been capped by his national side eight times since making his debut at age 29 . The shot-stopper had also appeared for teams including Carl Zeiss Jena , Borussia Monchengladbach , Benfica , Barcelona , Fenerbahce and Tenerife in Spain . -- CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report .	Thousands flock to Hannover 96 football stadium to play tribute to goalkeeper Stadium service followed another memorial in church , mourning march through Hannover Robert Enke , 32 , was expected to start for Germany in 2010 World Cup Enke 's wife says he suffered from depression for six years
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Is there a filmmaker in the world with worse luck than Terry Gilliam ? He was directing Heath Ledger in "  The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus , " when the actor died -- and it 's not the first time he has lost a leading man . Is there a filmmaker in the world with worse luck than Terry Gilliam ? Jean Rochefort did n't die eight years ago , but Gilliam had to abandon "  The Man Who Killed Don Quixote " after a few days when 70-year-old star Rochefort became seriously ill and a flash flood washed away the entire set . The whole fiasco is captured in the documentary "  Lost in La Mancha . " But the animator-turned-director who made his name with the surreal opening sequences of "  Monty Python " is also known for never giving up . He saved "  Parnassus " by enlisting the help of Ledger 's friends , among them Johnny Depp . He has even resurrected "  Don Quixote , " which will start shooting next year . The Screening Room talks to "  The Fisher King " and "  Brazil " director about Heath Ledger , the Ibiza Film Festival and why he 'll never shake off the Monty Python label . The Screening Room : Heath Ledger 's death during "  Parnassus " was tragic , but how did you deal with losing your star in the middle of production ? Terry Gilliam : I was just , it 's like , now you 've got to use your imagination because reality has bitten very hard . And , so , you call your friend Johnny -LSB- Depp -RSB- and say , "  Heath just died . Can you help me ? " And he says , "  Fine , whatever . Whatever you need . I 'll do it . " That 's how it started . Then I got Jude -LSB- Law -RSB- and Colin -LSB- Farrell -RSB- , they came ... the point is that they were all friends of Heath , too . It had to be people that were close to him in order to do what we did . TSR : How do you feel about it now you 've had some time to reflect ? TG : The experience was awful . That 's why we can laugh now . Making films is really hard , and this one was particularly hard . TSR : What is the most rewarding part of making films ? TG : I do n't know , I mean , you know , writing and coming up with the ideas -- that 's the exciting bit . Then it 's the slog of just getting through the shoot because there is never enough time TSR : You are a patron of the Ibiza Film Festival , which is only three years old . How did that come about ? TG : The festival of Ibiza approached me a couple of years ago . John Hurt was already a patron , and I know John and I thought that it would be nice . I like being a patron of things , I like patronizing things . And if it 's not going to be people , I 'll patronize a festival . TSR : Why do you think film festivals are important ? TG : The most important thing about them is you get to see films you would never get to see because the distribution system is so dominated by Hollywood . In every country , you get Hollywood movies plus local movies . Beyond that it 's very hard . TSR : Tell us about how directing "  Monty Python and the Holy Grail , " your big feature directing break , came about ? TG : With the success of "  Python , " we decided to make "  Monty Python and the Holy Grail " and Terry Jones -LSB- fellow Monty Python member -RSB- and I said , "  Anybody named Terry gets to direct the film , " and the others foolishly agreed . We directed the film and our names went up as "  directed by , " and we were film directors . Bingo ! Just like that . TSR : "  Monty Python " was hugely successful , but is the downside that you 'll never shake off the label of being an ex-Python ? TG : Python is going to be stuck with me 'til I 'm dead and probably afterwards . That 's what 's gon na be on the grave , as well . I know exactly what I 'd like put on my gravestone : "  Terry Gilliam . RIP and all that . He giggled in awe . " TSR : What is your film philosophy ? TG : All films are learning processes . I am still trying to work out how you make a movie . I did n't study at film school or any of those things . I did n't bother with film theory . Mine is the Mary Poppins theory of film -- a bit of sugar helps the medicine go down . And I have always got medicine I want to give to people . TSR : Which film are you most proud of ? TG : "  Brazil " is the one that will probably be stamped on my grave because that one seemed to have made a big effect on a lot of people . And that 's all I 'm trying to do is affect people . TSR : What have you learned over the 30-plus years you have been making films ? TG : There is no one thing -- it 's just going through life . I do n't think you ever learn just one thing . At some point you start unlearning things . I have been working hard to unlearn everything I know . TSR : Where are you with "  Don Quixote ? " TG : "  Quixote ... " It 's been almost eight years since it fell on its little face . We had been trying to get the script back from the legal entanglement it was in ... and finally pulled that off . I had in those intervening years never read the script because I knew it was the best thing I had ever written . It was perfect -- I finally did it . I got it back and re-read it and have now been busy rewriting it . TSR : What advice would you offer to aspiring filmmakers ? TG : Talent is less important in filmmaking than patience . If you really want your films to say something that you hope is unique , then patience and stamina , thick skin and a kind of stupidity , a mule-like stupidity , is what you really need .	Ledger died while shooting Gilliam 's "  The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus " Gilliam enlisted the help of Ledger 's friends , including Johnny Depp Gilliam on Ledger , Monty Python and why filmmakers need "  mule-like stupidity "
CNN  -- Every day , 10 women are killed in domestic violence cases in a country known for its glorious models , according to a new study released Sunday . And it takes a high-profile incident -- such as the case against a Brazilian goalkeeper who is the prime suspect in the disappearance and murder of a woman -- to bring attention to the problem , said Women 's Affairs Minister Nilcea Freire . The government-sponsored study , called Map of Violence 2010 , found that 41,532 women were murdered in Brazil between 1997 and 2007 . Last week , Brazilians were shocked by the details emerging from the case of Flamengo goalkeeper Bruno Fernandes Das Dores de Souza , who is accused of overseeing the kidnapping and dismembering of former lover Eliza Samudio , with whom he fathered a child . Samudio 's body remains missing a month after her disappearance . And Souza has refused to answer questions on his alleged involvement , police said . "  When cases emerge involving famous persons , " Freire told the official Agencia Brasil , "  that 's when society becomes aware of what is not being printed ... that women are violated , subjugated daily through inequality . " Freire said studies show that most women are victimized by men they knew well . Samudio claimed recently , in a television interview in front of a police station , that Fernandes threatened to make her disappear -- and refused her pleas to acknowledge the paternity of their son . Like Samudio , who sought help from police several times before she was killed , Brazil 's women 's police stations -- which handle gender-based cases -- register an exorbitant number of complaints of threats that see no prosecution . Freire said that a law allowing gender-based crimes against women to be judged in special courts should have been respected in the Samudio case . Named after Maria da Penha , a woman who became a paraplegic after suffering numerous beatings at the hands of her husband , the law also allows for an aggressor to be arrested not only for the act of committing a crime , but preventitively . Several other high-profile murders committed against women have gained national attention . Attorney Mercia Nakashima 's body was found floating in a man-made lake in Sao Paulo last month . The 28-year-old 's boyfriend turned himself in and has been named a prime suspect . Estado de Sao Paulo journalist Sandra Gomide was shot in the back and head in 2000 . The main suspect , her former boyfriend , Antônio Marcos Pimenta Neves , was a former director for the newspaper . According to local reports , Neves served seven months in prison .	Study shows that about 10 women are killed daily in Brazil 41,532 women were murdered in Brazil between 1997 and 2007 Minister : Flamengo goalie 's story illustrates daily life for Brazilian women
CNN  Anthony Ray Hinton is 58 years old . But in many ways , he is new to the world -- at least the one we know . Little things like using a fork , going out at night , tucking into bed without anyone checking on you ; they 're all strange for someone like Hinton who spent nearly 30 years on Alabama 's death row . Until one week ago , when his murder convictions were wiped clean , and Hinton walked out of a county jail in Birmingham . "  I have to pinch myself to tell myself that I 'm free , " he told CNN 's Brooke Baldwin on Friday . "  It 's going to take a little time , but I 'll get used to it . " Hinton had to get used to much worse . For 30 years , he spent most of his time locked in a 5-by-7 cell . There was no going outside at night . The only permissible eating utensil was a plastic spoon . And life in the outside world passed him by : Hinton said his hardest day came in 2002 , when he learned his mother had died . Hinton was convicted of killing two men -- Birmingham-area fast-food restaurant managers John Davidson and Thomas Wayne Vason -- but he always said he was innocent . Alabama inmate freed after 30 years on death row The state decided to dismiss the charges against him after a new trial was ordered in 2014 when firearms experts testified that the revolver Hinton was said to have used could not be matched to other evidence in the case . The two killings also could n't be linked to each other . Talking Friday to CNN , Jefferson County District Attorney Brandon Falls said the evidence simply was n't there to retry the case . Falls pointed out that analysts testified that the ballistics evidence was "  inconclusive " as to whether the bullets came from the gun in question . The victim of a similar crime did identify Hinton as her attacker , but that victim and a witness to that incident have since died , Falls said . When asked if Hinton 's ordeal was an injustice , because the evidence about guns that helped convict Hinton should have been ruled inconclusive in 1985 , Falls said , "  It appears it was . " The last time Hinton was free , Ronald Reagan was president , "  Back to the Future " ruled the box office , and a first-class stamp cost 22 cents . He did n't get to see firsthand how the world changed in the decades since . His life was defined by a preordained routine : when to eat , when to leave his cell , when to sleep . Hinton did n't even see the moon and stars , really , for all these years . Did he ever want to give up ? "  I did n't come too close to a breaking point , " Hinton said . "  But I would be lying to you if I did n't tell you that Satan did n't tell me to kill myself . ... I would immediately tell Satan to get ... behind me . " What got him through all those tough times , he said , was his sense of humor . "  I had no choice , " Hinton said of his ability to laugh and make others do the same . "  It was something that I was born with , but I never thought that it would come in handy that I would have to use it . "  Being on death row , we had to use  humor  every day . At least I did . " "  Death Row Stories " : Hard questions about the U.S. capital punishment system	Anthony Ray Hinton was freed Apri 3 , decades after conviction for two murders Things like using a fork , getting used to the dark are challenges now that he 's out He says his sense of humor helped him survive 30 years in prison
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama says Americans should "  go to the movies " without fear , despite hackers ' threats against venues that show a controversial film that Sony has now decided to pull . Sony announced Wednesday that it wo n't release the film -- a comedy called "  The Interview " that portrays an attempt to assassinate North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un -- following hackers ' threats to attack movie theaters that show it . Opinion : North Korea wins ? But Obama suggested in an interview with ABC News that the threats are n't credible . "  Well , the cyber-attack is very serious . We 're investigating , we 're taking it seriously , " Obama said in the interview . "  We 'll be vigilant , if we see something that we think is serious and credible , then we 'll alert the public . But for now , my recommendation would be that people go to the movies . " U.S. law enforcement officials have linked the hackers who pillaged Sony 's internal documents , emails and unreleased films to North Korea , first reported by CNN . A senior U.S. official confirmed to CNN that Obama has been briefed on the Sony hack and the threats against movie theaters that show the movie , and confirmed that the United States believes North Korea is likely behind the attack . "  This has been malicious in nature , " the official said . Sony downplays digital ` Interview ' possibility	President Barack Obama tells Americans to go to the movies despite hacking threats U.S. law enforcement officials have linked hackers behind Sony leaks to North Korea
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Indian tourism authorities will be holding English classes for auto-rickshaw drivers in New Delhi as the city prepares to host the Commonwealth Games in 2010 . Auto-rickshaw drivers are being taught English ahead of the Commenwealth Games . More than 40,000 natural gas-fueled auto-rickshaws , or motorized three-wheeled taxis , run on the Indian capital 's dilapidated roads , according to the city government statistics . The city is expected to host around 100,000 tourists during the Commonwealth Games scheduled from October 3-14 in 2010 . About 9,000 athletes and officials of 52 Commonwealth countries are likely to participate . Some 8,000 auto-rickshaw drivers will be enrolled in the training program that will involve classes in yoga , life skills , first aid , spoken English and psychometric tests , federal Tourism Secretary Sujit Banerjee announced Tuesday . Each trainee will be paid Rs 200 , or about $ 4 , daily for attending the program spread over 200 sessions for a year . Indian auto-rickshaw drivers have often been accused of overcharging , refusing short trips and misbehavior . Traffic authorities have in the past opened a range of avenues for passengers to lodge their complaints -- such as on help lines , via text messages or simply calling a telephone number printed on the three-wheeled cabs . "  The India image that we strive to convey to a foreign tourist depends , to a large degree , on how good the taxi/auto-rickshaw  driver  that he or she meets is in his demeanor and conduct , " Banerjee remarked .	More than 40,000 auto-rickshaws ply roads of Indian capital City expected to host 100,000 tourists during Commonwealth Games 8,000 auto-rickshaw drivers will be enrolled in training program
CNN  -- After months of protest , sudden and dramatic events have swept across Ukraine , boosting some and diminishing others . With questions swirling about where the president is , who 's in charge and what will happen next , to say there 's uncertainty about the future of this country of 44.5 million is an enormous understatement . But some early winners and losers seem to be emerging from the chaos that shook Kiev last week as security forces and protesters battled to a bloody standstill that left dozens dead and earned the rebuke of Western powers . Losers President Viktor Yanukovych : His own party abandoned him as lawmakers voted unanimously to oust him from office . He 's facing criminal charges stemming from the deadly crackdown on protesters last week . Russia : Russian officials were mostly sidelined last week as European foreign ministers negotiated the peace deal that ended the violence . Ukraine 's opposition appears to be steering the country toward Europe . But Moscow still retains some bargaining chips : supply lines that provide most of Ukraine 's natural gas , a huge naval base in the autonomous Ukrainian republic of Crimea and heavy Russian influence on culture , language and business in eastern Ukraine . Eastern Ukraine : This hotbed of pro-Russian sentiment has n't seen the sort of rabble-rousing that 's upended much of the rest of the country . But that does n't mean the people who live here are n't thinking about it , reports CNN 's Fred Pleitgen . "  Certainly , there are a lot of pro-Russians in the east of the country who are very afraid of what might happen next , who are afraid that their culture , their heritage are in danger , who feel that the Russian language -- which has always had a special status here in Ukraine -- might be in danger of becoming marginalized as well , " he reported Monday from Kharkiv . Winners Yulia Tymoshenko : The former revolutionary leader and prime minister , freed from prison after the peace deal was signed , has clearly gained in the past few days . She had been imprisoned since 2007 on what Western observers and many Ukrainians felt were politically motivated charges related to a gas deal with Russian provider Gazprom . She took a position of honor on the Independence Square stage Saturday , setting herself up as a possible presidential candidate . "  Today , Ukraine has finished with this terrible dictator , " she told protesters Saturday after her release . "  There 'll be no Ukraine but the Ukraine you want . And I 'm the guarantor of that Ukraine . " Ukraine 's opposition : They took over Kiev 's Independence Square for months , held their own against much more heavily armed security forces and then flooded across Kiev to take control when those security forces vanished in the wake of the peace deal . Still , the mood in Kiev was somber as protesters honored those killed in last week 's fighting . "  This is a lesson for our country and a lesson that will help us to prevent this from happening ever in this country again , " one protester said . European Union : Europe is riding high in the wake of the peace deal largely brokered by foreign ministers from Poland , Germany and France who traveled to Kiev to help solve the crisis . It 's unclear what 's next for the European Union and Ukraine , which until late last year were discussing a trade deal that focused on economic modernization in return for long-term aid . But EU foreign affairs chief Catherine Ashton was in Kiev on Monday to talk .	Ukraine 's sudden political transformation helps some , hurts others Looking shaky : Ukraine 's missing president , Russia and its allies in the country 's east Looking up : Opposition icon Yulia Tymoshenko , the protest movement and the EU
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The National Transportation Safety Board said Thursday that it is investigating an incident in which a panel separated from the wing of a Boeing 757 while it was in flight last week . iReporter and Flight 1250 passenger Paul Shepherd took this photo of the damage through the aircraft 's window . The incident occurred Saturday on US Airways Flight 1250 from Orlando , Florida , to Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , the NTSB said in a statement . The separation occurred over Maryland . The aircraft landed in Philadelphia about 30 minutes later , and none of the 174 passengers or six crew members aboard was injured . The panel , on the trailing edge of the upper side of the left wing , broke loose and struck several windows toward the rear of the aircraft , causing the outer pane of one window to crack , the agency said . Pressurization of the cabin was not compromised . The wing panel has not been located . NTSB investigators are using a computer program to pinpoint the area where it might be and will notify local authorities that an aircraft part may be there , the statement said . The plane 's cockpit voice recorder and flight data recorder have arrived at the NTSB laboratory in Washington , the agency said , and are being evaluated . E-mail to a friend	The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating US Airways flight Plane was en route from Orlando , Florida , to Philadelphia , Pennsylvania Wing panel struck several windows , cracking the outer pane of one Plane landed in Philadelphia about 30 minutes after the incident with no injuries
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of Vice , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is Vice 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by Vice , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  VBS.TV  -- Ask any Italian what pops into their head when they think of Naples , and you 'll almost assuredly get the same three things every time : pizza , garbage in the streets and the most powerful international crime syndicate in the world -- the Camorra . In the past 30 years , this organization rose to be valued at around 10 % of the aggregated wealth of the Italian nation . The Camorra not only deals in illegal activities such as drugs and weapons trafficking , contraband and extortion , but additionally controls a huge amount of legal , straight businesses -- especially in transport , construction and waste management , as well as in pretty much any economic sphere in which they find an opportunity to invest . It is relentlessly capitalistic , has destroyed an entire city and is probably the largest criminal emergency in Europe . It is certainly the biggest organization in the southern Italian criminal underground . Within this reality , one distinctive music genre rose to prominence over the last two decades : neomelodics . Neomelodic music is a strange mixture of techno , pop , Latin American music and traditional Neapolitan love songs . It 's an entirely singular and totally bizarre form of music that , its detractors and critics say , is generally performed by nothing more than ex-criminals who have become Camorra minstrels . See the rest of Neapolitan neomelodics at VBS.TV Bred in the Camorra-ridden , corrupt and generally all-around despairingly sad working-class underbelly of Naples , this army of singers tells stories of love found and lost , the crime that surrounds them , dreams of success and escape and running away from the law . Ranging in age from 8 to 80 , the neomelodics play up to 700 gigs in a year , including weddings and birthday parties , sometimes the biggest events in a Neapolitan 's life . Although they are hugely popular in their community , they often dream of entering the music charts on a national level , but their association to the Camorra has kept them from the mainstream . Perhaps this next generation of Neomelodic singers is about to change all of that .	Music genre known as neomelodics emerges from the Camorra crime syndicate Sound is mix of techno , pop and Latin American music ; tells tales of love , crime and loss Neomelodic musicians play up to 700 shows a year and are hugely popular in community
UK police arrested two more men Friday in connection with an investigation into suspected membership of a banned organization . It comes a day after nine men were arrested in London on terrorism charges , one of them named in British media reports as radical British cleric Anjem Choudary . The two latest arrests came in the early hours in a swoop on a vehicle traveling on the M6 motorway , which runs northwest from the English Midlands to Manchester and beyond . One suspect , aged 33 , was arrested on suspicion of being a member of a banned organization , supporting a banned organization and encouraging terrorism , London 's Metropolitan Police said in a statement . The second man , aged 42 , was arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender . Both remain in custody at a central London police station . The nine men arrested Thursday , ages 22 to 51 , also remain in custody in London , police said . Searches continue at a number of addresses . "  These arrests and searches are part of an ongoing investigation into Islamist related terrorism and are not in response to any immediate public safety risk , " the police statement said . Radical cleric Anjem Choudary , who was a co-founder of the banned UK Islamist group Al Muhajiroun , told CNN last month that the world had been split into two camps . There 's a "  camp which believes that sovereignty and supremacy belongs to God . They are the Islamic State , at the head of which is Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , " Choudary said . "  In the other camp you have those people who believe sovereignty and supremacy belongs to man . At the head of that camp is Barack Obama . " "  I believe this Islamic State will spread , rapidly , and I believe it will be in Europe and even America within decades . " Police have not named the suspects or the banned organization concerned . Cameron lays out plans to counter UK jihadi threat Terror threat level raised The Home Office has listed 60 international proscribed terrorist organizations as of August 2014 . They include networks such as ISIS and al Qaeda , as well as UK-based groups such as Al Muhajiroun , which emerged in 1996 and has operated under a range of other names since being disbanded in 2004 and banned in 2010 . The UK Home Office last month raised its terror threat level from "  substantial " to "  severe . " The government also announced new measures to combat the threat from Islamist extremism , including a radical new measure to ban Britons from coming home once they join jihadi ranks abroad . UK authorities estimate that 500 Britons have gone to Syria and Iraq to fight with Islamist groups .	London 's Metropolitan Police arrest two men in a swoop on a vehicle on a highway One suspect is suspected of terrorism offenses , the other of aiding an offender Nine men were arrested Thursday in London on suspicion of terror offenses Police are holding all 11 suspects in London police stations and searching multiple addresses
CNN  Tim Richmond 's fascination with the American West began as a boy in England , watching cowboy movies on TV . "  The film ` Hud ' with Paul Newman in 1963 or ` Bad Day at Black Rock ' with Spencer Tracy ... and ` Junior Bonner ' with Steve McQueen as a sort of rodeo rider , " said Richmond . "  It seemed like another world from sort of drab England . " When he turned 17 , Richmond headed to the United States , where he spent three months hitchhiking his way through the Western states . "  I just wanted to see things like I 'd seen in films , " he said . Richmond captures the solitude and expanse of places like central Wyoming and Montana in his latest photography project , "  Last Best Hiding Place , " which releases in book format in June in the United Kingdom and in the fall in the United States . But do n't expect any romanticized , idyllic scenes in his photography . "  I preferred the idea of actually slowly looking at the places away from perhaps Western art , " he explained . "  Looking at the the sort of everyday side of things , which I find more interesting . " Richmond began the project seven years ago as the financial crisis began to unfold across the United States . He said he was surprised by "  the scale of development on halt in the towns outside Salt Lake City . " He named his photography series "  Last Best Hiding Place " after a phrase he came across during his travels , referring to those living "  slightly under the radar " in remote parts of the American West . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . "  Some of the parts in ... central Wyoming and central Montana , they are as remote as I 've ever been , " Richmond said . "  And when you 're traveling 50 miles between almost just a gas station and that 's it , it sort of changes one 's viewpoint of scale and distance . " Richmond spent the early part of his career as a fashion photographer and taking portraits of actors including Ben Kingsley , Ian McKellen and Emma Thompson -- but his heart was n't in it . "  I was n't really thrilled by the idea of being a fashion photographer , " Richmond said . "  After the death of my first wife , it just sort of taught me to do what you want to do , and I go ` OK I want to concentrate on this sort of work . ' " His images include people and places in faraway towns like Miles City , Montana ; Deadwood , South Dakota ; and Eureka , Utah . Often , Richmond would determine where he 'd go next by pulling out a map and picking a town that had an interesting name . Sometimes it worked , sometimes it did n't . "  I remember looking in Utah one time and I came across this town -- I just thought , well it sounds really interesting and it 's in the hills , and it 's called Eureka , " Richmond explained . "  The story of the town itself is quite typical of a lot of those towns : it was nothing , no food , it grew huge and then slowly died off . "  But  the thing that really fascinated me was the fact that this town was really hanging on ... everything just seemed to click in that town . " Richmond spent one summer traveling with a group of rodeo cowboys , captured in one image simply doing their laundry . He said the biggest culture shock of his entire trip happened during the rodeo events . "  I was surprised by ... the sense that at rodeos , you have the whole idea of prayers . It 's such an un-English thing . At any sort of sports event  in England  you would n't have a quiet moment and say the Lord 's Prayer and ` God bless the troops ' ... but out there it seemed absolutely standard . " Out of the thousands of images that he took , Richmond carefully selected ones he felt embody the real face of the American West . But he insists that his audience needs to "  create their own backstory " about what they are witnessing in his photos . "  The place has to resonate with me ... there has to have some sort of lyricism or poetry about the image so people can see into it , " he said . "  There 's no story here so the pictures do n't have to fit in ... these pictures can float around a bit more , they do n't have to fit with a strict text narrative . " Tim Richmond is a fine art photographer and master printer . You can follow him on Facebook and on Twitter .	Photographer Tim Richmond spent three months hitchhiking his way through the Western states His images include people and places in faraway towns in Montana , South Dakota and Utah See hi-resolution photos from Richmond 's "  Last Best Hiding Place " series here
Students aboard the stricken Sewol ferry had to use rising water levels to float out of their cabins after the ship listed , survivors told a South Korean court Monday . At least 294 people died -- including hundreds of high school students on a field trip -- when the Sewol capsized off South Korea 's southwestern coast April 16 . The ship had been carrying 476 passengers and crew , and divers are still searching for 10 people . The ferry 's captain , Lee Joon-seok , is on trial , accused of murder , along with three of his crew . They deny the charges . Twelve other members of the crew have been indicted on charges of abandonment and violating a ship safety act . It has been alleged that the crew did not use available resources , such as life rafts , life vests and announcements , to evacuate passengers . Instead , passengers were told to stay where they were , according to officials . Six student survivors testified Monday at a court in their hometown of Ansan . Their identities can not be published . The second student to testify said she heard an announcement asking those on board to put on life jackets and remain on the ferry . The student told the court that she did not hear any announcement from the ship or coast guards telling passengers to leave the ship . She said the ferry listed to the extent that the windows were on the ground and the door was on the ceiling in her cabin . As water came in , their class leader suggested that because they were in life jackets they could float to the door . They eventually were able to escape , walking on the hallway . The fifth student said that she considered trying to escape once the ferry began listing , but did not because she heard the announcement asking passengers to stay put . She said the lights then went out and she saw that the window was completely covered in water . She escaped when the water rose and she was able to float to the door . Students already in the hallway dragged her outside . Another student described the scene in the hallway as she lined up to exit . She said a strong current was in the water and about half the students with her were swept away . The student said she could see coast guards near the emergency exit , but she never saw them enter the ship . After the students ' testimony , the court heard from another survivor , who was in a wheelchair and wearing a hospital gown . He described how he had managed to get himself near the information desk when the ferry had started to tilt . The man said the students had been panicking and a female crew member announced that "  everyone should stay put , the ferry is in danger , and that the rescue will be there soon . " He said he thought she was trying to calm the students . The man said that he had asked the crew member to contact the captain , but that the captain had not responded when she tried to reach him on a walkie-talkie The female crew member announced again that everyone should stay put and that help would arrive soon , he said , and later told students to put on their life jackets The man broke down crying as he described watching people slide as the boat tilted about 40 or 50 degrees . Tense trial opening in June The students arrived at the Ansan courthouse under a heavy police presence Monday , with lines of officers surrounding the building . At the trial 's opening June 10 in Gwangju , victims ' relatives yelled and screamed at those on trial upon seeing them for the first time . Investigators have said a vast amount of cargo -- more than double the ferry 's limit -- and the failure to tie it down properly were partly responsible for the Sewol 's capsizing . At the trial 's opening , the prosecution accused the ferry 's owner , Chonghaejin Shipping Co. , of putting profit above all else by overloading the Sewol . It said the cargo was badly secured , meaning the crew was also culpable . Prosecutors said the crew members could have carried out a far more effective rescue operation . In June , Lee 's attorney told the court that the captain had been helming the ship for only six days , he was the last rescued of all the crew members and he was n't in charge of loading cargo . If convicted of murder , Lee and his fellow accused could face the death penalty , although it has been nearly two decades since capital punishment was carried out in South Korea . Report : Ferry operators prioritized profits over safety	At least 294 people died when the Sewol ferry capsized off South Korea 's coast on April 16 Many of the victims were high school students from the town of Ansan on a field trip The Sewol 's captain and three crew members are on trial on murder charges , which they deny Students began testifying in the trial at a hearing in their hometown Monday
Washington  CNN  -- The United States and Russia completed a spy swap Friday , exchanging the agents on chartered planes at an airport in Vienna , Austria , a U.S. official and Russian media said . The plane carrying 10 Russian agents , who were expelled from the United States on Thursday for intelligence gathering , landed at Moscow 's Domodedovo Airport on Friday afternoon , the airport press office said . "  The United States has successfully transferred 10 Russian agents to the Russian Federation and the Russian Federation has released four individuals who had been incarcerated in Russia , " Dean Boyd , a spokesman for the National Security Division at the U.S. Department of Justice , said in a statement released as the plane landed in Moscow . "  The exchange of these individuals ... has been completed . " The elaborately choreographed transfer -- which took place while the planes sat on the ground for about an hour -- was reminiscent of a scene from the Cold War . The White House was first briefed in general terms in February by the FBI , the CIA and the Department of Justice about the program and some of the individuals involved , a White House official said . Additional briefings occurred in subsequent months , the official said . President Obama was first briefed on the matter on June 11 and given details of the individuals involved over the past decade . A week later , Obama chaired a meeting of the National Security Council to discuss the issue . The idea of a swap was discussed among the administration 's national security team before the arrests were made , the official said . The four individuals freed by the Russians were selected based on humanitarian concerns , health concerns , and other reasons , the official said . The 10 Russian agents pleaded guilty in the United States on Thursday for failing to register as foreign agents and were ordered out of the country . They then boarded a U.S.-chartered flight accompanied by U.S. marshals , a federal law enforcement source said . "  As a result of the successful exchange ... the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Southern District of New York has requested that the court dismiss any remaining charges against the 10 Russian agents , " U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said Friday . In Washington , Attorney General Eric Holder said none of the 10 had passed classified information and therefore none had been charged with espionage . "  They were acting as agents to a foreign power , " he told CBS News , referring to the Russians who , U.S. officials have said , had been under observation by federal authorities for more than a decade . Four young children of the Russian agents are now in Russia , according to attorneys for the agents . Two older children are no longer in the United States , though their exact location is unknown . Another two older children have remained in America , the attorneys indicated . White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel told PBS ' "  NewsHour " that although the 10 agents did n't plead guilty to being spies , they "  were clearly caught in the business of spying . " In a conference call with reporters , senior administration officials said the agents agreed never to return to the United States without permission from the U.S. government . Holding them would have conferred no security benefit to the nation , they said . This "  clearly serves the interests of the United States , " one official said . A second official said the four prisoners in Russia were in failing health , a consideration that prompted quick completion of the deal . Under the plea agreements , the defendants disclosed their true identities in court and forfeited assets attributable to the criminal offenses , the Justice Department said in a news release . "  Defendants Vicky Pelaez , Anna Chapman and Mikhail Semenko , who operated in the United States under their true names , admitted that they are agents of the Russian Federation ; and Chapman and Semenko admitted they are Russian citizens , " the Justice Department said . Carlos Moreno , an attorney for Pelaez , said his client does not want to take up residence in Russia and would prefer ultimately to live in her native Peru or in Brazil , where she has family . Pelaez hopes to continue her work as a journalist , according to Moreno . Pelaez told the court that Moscow promised her free housing in Russia and a $ 2,000 monthly stipend for life , as well as visas for her children to travel to see her . Pelaez and her husband , both naturalized American citizens , were stripped of that citizenship as a part of the plea deal . Authorities have lost track of an 11th suspect , who was detained in Cyprus , released on bail , and then failed to check in with authorities as he had promised to do . In Moscow , Russian President Dmitry Medvedev signed a decree Friday pardoning the four Russians imprisoned for alleged contact with Western intelligence agencies , the Kremlin press service said , according to state-run RIA Novosti . "  Three of the Russian prisoners were convicted of treason in the form of espionage on behalf of a foreign power and are serving lengthy prison terms , " the Justice Department said in a letter to U.S. District Judge Kimba M. Wood , who handled the case in the United States . "  The Russian prisoners have all served a number of years in prison and some are in poor health . The Russian government has agreed to release the Russian prisoners and their family members for resettlement . " It added , "  Some of the Russian prisoners worked for the Russian military , and/or for various Russian intelligence agencies . Three of the Russian prisoners have been accused by Russia of contacting Western intelligence agencies while they were working for the Russian  or Soviet  government . " The individuals pardoned by Russia are Alexander Zaporozhsky , Gennady Vasilenko , Sergei Skripal , and Igor Sutyagin . All four appealed to the Russian president to free them after admitting their crimes against the Russian state , press secretary Natalia Timakova said . But in Washington , State Department spokesman Mark Toner denied Thursday that Sutyagin had been a spy . The Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs said the move was made "  in the general context of improving Russian-American relations , and the new dynamic they have been given , in the spirit of basic agreements at the highest level between Moscow and Washington on the strategic character of Russian-American partnership . " CNN 's Dugald McConnell and Suzanne Malveaux contributed to this report	NEW : Spy swap idea originated with the U.S. Six children of Russian agents have left the U.S. , attorneys say U.S. and Russia complete spy swap at Vienna airport Moscow airport confirms plane landed with 10 Russian agents aboard
CNN  -- A Texas firm has recalled about 2,600 pounds of fully cooked , ready-to-eat smoked turkey breast products because they may be contaminated with bacteria that can cause a potentially fatal disease . The products by the New Braunfels Smokehouse were distributed nationwide , including via catalog and Internet sales , the U.S. Department of Agriculture said Sunday . The meat may be contaminated with listeria monocytogenes , the agency said . The products subject to recall are : -- 1-pound packages of New Braunfels Smokehouse Sliced Smoked Turkey , with the package code "  2210 " on the label . -- 4 - to 6-pound packages of New Braunfels Honey-Glazed Spiral Sliced Smokehouse Hickory Smoked Boneless Breast of Turkey , with the package code "  2180 " on the label . -- 4 - to 6-pound whole breast packages of Stegall Boneless Hickory Smoked Turkey Breast , with the package code "  2210 " on the label . -- 4 - to 6-pound whole breast packages of Stegall Spiral Sliced Hickory Smoked Turkey Breast , with the package codes "  2180 " or "  2210 " on the label . Each package bears the USDA mark of inspection and the number "  P-975 " inside the mark of inspection . The items were produced on August 4 . Consumption of food contaminated with listeria monocytogenes can cause listeriosis , an uncommon but potentially fatal disease , the agriculture department said . Healthy people rarely contract listeriosis . But it can cause can cause high fever , severe headaches , neck stiffness and nausea . It also can cause miscarriages and stillbirths , the agency said . Consumers with questions about the recall may call the company at 1-800-537-6932 .	The products may be contaminated with listeria monocytogenes They are sold by New Braunfels Smokehouse Listeriosis is an uncommon but potentially fatal disease
CNN  -- Is Rory McIlroy saving his best for last ? The Northern Irishman carded a seven-under-par second round of 65 at the Australian Open Friday as he bids to end 2013 with a bang . Former world No. 1 McIlroy has endured a frustrating year , failing to find his best form with his new Nike clubs and slipping to sixth in the world rankings . But the 24-year-old golfer finished the day with nine birdies , and just two bogeys to move to 10 under for the tournament , only two strokes off leader and Australian favorite Adam Scott . "  Obviously when you come to a tournament where you 're one of the headline acts or main attractions , you want to live up to that billing I guess , " McIlroy joked with reporters . "  For the most part this year I have n't wherever I went . So it 's nice , " he added . "  It 's nice to reward the people that invite you down here and look after you so well . " The 2013 season has largely slipped by the two-time major winner McIlroy , who has struggled to recapture the form which saw him win four PGA Tour titles and two European Tour titles and the PGA Championship in 2012 . In contrast to McIlroy , Scott has enjoyed a stellar 2013 . The Australian has shot up to No. 2 in the world rankings , thanks in part to his first major triumph at the Masters in April . The 33-year-old shot a course record 62 on Thursday and followed it up with a two-under 70 on Friday to move to 12 under for the opening two rounds . Scott and McIlroy will be paired together for Saturday 's third round at the Royal Sydney Golf Club . "  Obviously he  McIlroy  is one of the best players in the world , so I 'm going to have to bring my best game and try and match it with him , " said Scott . He is aiming to complete the Australian Triple Crown , by adding the Australian Open titles to the Australian PGA and Australian Masters titles he has already claimed . Robert Allenby in 2005 is the only player to have won the Australian Masters , Australian PGA and Australian Open in the same season .	Rory McIlroy moves to within two shots of leader Adam Scott at the Australian Open The Northern Irishman cards a seven-under-par second round of 65 in Sydney Adam Scott 12 under heading into the final two days play The Australian shot a course record 62 on Thursday
CNN Student News  -- January 14 , 2014 It 's not every day that the three branches of U.S. government intersect , but we 're breaking down why and how in today 's edition of CNN Student News . We also report on water pollution in West Virginia , a security warning regarding the Sochi Olympics , and a student who refuses to let Down Syndrome keep him from going to college . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : How might public health officials use media to inform residents of a potentially dangerous situation ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . advice and consent 2 . recess appointments 3 . parts per million  ppm Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What is the focus of the case between Congress and the president that was heard before the Supreme Court yesterday ? 2 . Why did officials in some parts of West Virginia tell residents not to use their tap water ? According to the video , how are residents dealing with the ban ? 3 . Where will this year 's Winter Olympics be held ? Why did the U.S. State Department issue a travel warning for Americans going there ? Discussion Questions : 1 . If you were arguing each side in the Supreme Court case discussed in today 's program , what points would you make ? In this case , do you think that the framers of the Constitution would be more sympathetic to the president or to the Congress ? Why ? 2 . What other examples of checks and balances can you recall from other recent news stories ? In each case , did any one branch of government have an advantage ? Explain . 3 . Have you ever had to deal with a water emergency due to a storm or other catastrophe ? If so , how did you work around it ? If not , how would you handle a ban on tap water if your community were faced with it ? What would you do ? 4 . What different roles and responsibilities fall under the U.S. Department of State regarding Americans ' travel ? What kinds of situations might prompt an American traveler to contact the State Department for help ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- More than 3,000 U.S. troops scheduled to deploy to Iraq wo n't go after all , as the military tries to draw down troop levels in the war-torn country , a Pentagon spokesman said Saturday . U.S. troops speak to an Iraqi child in Baghdad on Monday . The 1st Infantry Brigade Combat Team , 10th Mountain Division will not replace a North Carolina National Guard unit already in Iraq , Lt. Col. Eric Butterbaugh told CNN . The 3,500-troop combat team , based in Fort Drum , New York , was to leave in January , he said . " -LSB- The cancellation -RSB- reflects a thorough assessment of the security environment in Iraq and continued improvement in the ability of the Iraqi security forces to safeguard Iraqi citizens and institutions , " Butterbaugh said . The National Guard unit is still on schedule to return home , which will speed up the drawdown of forces , he said . The troop withdrawal in Iraq coincides with a debate in the Obama administration on whether to send as many as 40,000 more U.S. troops to Afghanistan . As of Friday , 250 U.S. soldiers have been killed in Afghanistan since the start of the year , according to a CNN tally based on Pentagon numbers . The United States plans to withdraw all its combat troops from Iraq by August , leaving 50,000 in advisory roles . Those advisers are to leave by the end of 2011 . Concerns that a delay in the upcoming Iraqi elections could put a dent in scheduled withdrawals was rejected Friday by U.S. Ambassador to Iraq Chris Hill . "  As for our schedule of troop withdrawal , we 've been pretty clear about when the troops would be withdrawn , " he told CNN . "  So our plan is to draw down the troops as we 've said we 're going -LSB- to -RSB- do . " The polls are scheduled to open January 16 , but both the United States and the United Nations are worried because Iraq still has no election law . If a new law is n't adopted , the government may have to change the election date or rely on the law used in the 2005 elections , some officials say . A vote on the new law is expected Monday . Pentagon officials also must weigh the impact of continuing violence in the country . Hill said the violence is a concern , as are insurgent efforts to undermine attempts at reconciliation in the divided country . "  Reconciliation is a tough business . I mean I 've been in some of these meetings with people , you know , they do n't like each other , you have to get them to work together , get them to understand their futures are together , and then you get a bombing , which makes it even tougher , " Hill said . "  Again , I think the Iraqi people have really signaled that they are really sick and tired of this stuff . " Meanwhile , violence continued in Iraq on Saturday . Four soldiers were killed and 10 people , including civilians and security forces , were wounded when a bomb targeting an Iraqi army checkpoint exploded in Falluja , an Anbar province town , an Iraqi Interior Ministry official said . Elsewhere in Anbar , a suicide truck bomb hit a police checkpoint on a bridge west of Ramadi , wounding a police officer . The blast badly damaged the bridge , which carries a highway linking Iraq with Jordan and Syria , the official said . Traffic had to be rerouted to an another road . Anbar province , a massive region populated mostly by Sunni Arabs , had been a major front in the Iraqi war . The al Qaeda in Iraq militant group once held great sway in Anbar , but its influence lessened with the advent of U.S.-backed groups called Awakening Councils . CNN 's Scott Spoerry and Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	Cancellation reflects improved conditions in Iraq , official said Iraqi elections wo n't delay scheduled withdrawals U.S. says , Ambassador Chris Hill "  Our plan is to draw down the troops as we 've said we 're going -LSB- to -RSB- do , " says Hill The United States plans to withdraw all its combat troops from Iraq by August
San Diego , California  CNN  -- President Obama deserves an A + for his agenda for education reform . His decision to nominate Arne Duncan as U.S. education secretary was inspired , and his comments on holding the system accountable are honest , refreshing and insightful . Obama showed that again this week with a powerful speech at James C. Wright Middle School in Madison , Wisconsin . He announced that , in the coming weeks , states would be able to compete for their share of more than $ 4 billion in funding through the administration 's Race to the Top initiative . But in order to do that , he said , the states have to demonstrate that they 're serious about increasing accountability by doing things like tearing down "  firewall laws " that prevent districts from factoring in student performance when evaluating teachers . That sinister brainchild was brought to you by politically influential teachers ' unions who make it their solemn mission to protect their members from the scrutiny and standards that everyday people have to put up in their jobs . Obama 's not having any of it . "  If you are committed to real change in the way you educate your children , " he told his audience , "  if you 're willing to hold yourselves more accountable , and if you develop a strong plan to improve the quality of education in your state , then we 'll offer you a big grant to help you make that plan a reality . " Like no president in recent memory -- except maybe George W. Bush , who diagnosed that schools are often afflicted with "  the soft bigotry of low expectations " -- Obama gets it . What Obama "  gets " is that America 's public schools often underperform and help cheat students out of brighter futures for three main reasons : 1  There are low expectations , not just for students but also for parents , schools and whole communities that are written off as not able to compete academically . Too many educators let themselves off the hook by telling themselves that poor kids from struggling backgrounds are somehow incapable of learning as well as kids from wealthier communities . 2  Too many educators and politicians treat public schools as if they exist for the benefit of the adults who teach there rather than the kids who are supposed to learn there . Because teachers have unions and students do n't , everything -- including the length of the school year -- is geared for the convenience of the work force and not the clientele . 3  Those intent on preserving the status quo resist tooth and nail any attempt to hold them accountable by linking teachers to the performance of their students or , in an idea that Louisiana is trying and that Duncan smiles upon and would like to see spread to other states , tracing back teachers to the schools of education that produced them . Obama understands all that . And , it seems , the president learned it during his stint as a community organizer in Chicago , Illinois . It was there that he went to bat for low-income black parents who , like scores of parents who send their kids to underperforming schools throughout America , are caught in a frustrating and almost comical paradox . They 're turned away , shunned , treated with condescension and even insulted by self-serving public school "  edu-crats " who treat these institutions like their own private offices where they do n't want to be bothered by anyone who does n't have a teaching or administrative credential . Then , incredibly , the parents are blamed for not participating and involving themselves more in that hostile environment and when many of them thought that teaching their kids was the job of , well , teachers . It 's been my experience that many teachers do n't really care whether parents go to the PTA or help their kids with homework . They just want a constant foil , someone to blame when students flounder and the schools underperform . And , when that happens , in any public school in America , suddenly there 's not a mirror to be found . It 's always someone else 's fault . I know what you 're thinking . Teachers love to portray columnists , analysts and pundits as clueless about the real world of teaching unless we 've actually taught in the classroom . Been there , done that . Before I ever started writing a column , I taught for nearly five years in a poor farming town in central California where most of the students were the children of Mexican farm workers . And I learned more about education there than I did from taking graduate courses at Harvard . I bet that a lot of public school teachers -- many of whom , according to exit polls , vote Democratic -- are already missing the Bush administration . At least when they were battling the accountability law known as No Child Left Behind , they could say it was someone else 's idea put in place by a president who other people elected . Now , they must confront the unpleasantness that comes with a reform effort being pushed by an administration that many of them support . One way to square that circle is try to make Duncan out to be the problem , as if the education secretary has gone rogue . Recently , I heard from a professor of education at a state university in San Diego who bristled at the former college basketball player 's call for reforming teachers ' colleges . "  Mr. Obama , " she wrote , "  please fire Arne Duncan and let him go back to the basketball court . " Cute . Smug but cute . Trouble is , this week , Obama made clear that , when it comes to fixing our schools , he and the education secretary are on the same team . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	Ruben Navarrette says Obama targets "  firewall laws " with school funding initiative Obama understands school underperformance , he writes Low-income parents are caught in frustrating paradox , Navarrette says Many teachers just want someone to blame , he says
CNN  My name is Mark Goodacre , and I am a professor of New Testament and Christian origins in the Department of Religious Studies at Duke University . I was series adviser and one of many on-camera experts on CNN 's "  Finding Jesus , " which airs on Sundays . I also appear in each episode of the program . Viewers were invited to tweet and post their questions on the "  Finding Jesus " Facebook page during the latest episode , "  The Gospel of Judas . " Below are some of the most interesting , and my answers to them . They have been edited for style and clarity for this article : Yalanda M. Price : What do scholars know about the man named Judas ? What is his story ? Mark Goodacre : Judas is actually a pretty mysterious figure in the New Testament . In fact , the relative lack of information about him in the Gospels has provided the invitation , across the centuries , for people to speculate about who he was and what could have possibly motivated him to hand Jesus over to the authorities . We know very little about his back story from the Gospels . He appears in the list of 12 disciples called by Jesus , but does not become a main character in the drama until the Passion Narratives . In John 's Gospel , he is the disciple who is concerned about Mary wasting money anointing Jesus  John 12.4-6  . Soon afterward , he is arranging to hand Jesus over to the authorities . His story ends with his dramatic suicide  Matthew 27.3-10  , and Luke tells us that his stomach burst open and his intestines gushed out when he died  Acts 1.18-19  . Mark Goodacre answers your questions about the Shroud of Turin Kristine Spillman Adams : My understanding was always that Judas betrayed Jesus not because he was a villain , but he thought Jesus would start an earthly war when arrested . He was trying to get Jesus to establish a literal , physical kingdom on Earth . Goodacre : This is one of the great mysteries of the last week of Jesus ' life . What motivated Judas to betray Jesus ? John hints that it was financial greed  John 12.6  , and Matthew says that he betrayed Jesus for "  thirty pieces of silver "  Matthew 27.14-15  . It is true , though , that many have speculated that Judas may have been some kind of zealot or freedom fighter , and he has often been depicted in this way in film and fiction . With this theory , he was trying to force Jesus ' hand . It has sometimes been said that perhaps the word "  Iscariot " is a corruption of the word "  sicarii , " which means "  dagger bearer , " and that would provide some backing to that theory . However , John identifies Judas as "  Son of Simon Iscariot " , which makes the "  sicarii " theory less likely . In the end , we may have to accept that we simply will never know the answer to the question about Judas ' motivation . Candida Moss answers your questions about John the Baptist Betsy Wilson-Roark : Are you confident that you now have all of the pages and the current translation is accurate ? Are there still words or phrases that are missing or ambiguous ? Goodacre : That 's a good question . Well , we probably have as much of the Gospel of Judas as we will ever have . Several additional fragments of the Codex Tchacos , in which the Gospel of Judas is featured , came to light after Bruce Ferrini , the dealer who owned the codex for some time , went bankrupt . Now , it is estimated that we have something like 90 % to 95 % of the text . With regards to translation and interpretation , this process will continue for years to come , as it always does with newly discovered ancient texts . I think the original translators in 2006 did a sterling job , all the more so as they were working with an incomplete , damaged and very complex Coptic text that had been lost for centuries . But I also greatly admire April DeConick 's important contribution and the key adjustments in our understanding of the Gospel that this has brought about . I was delighted to see both the earlier and the newer interpretations of the Gospel of Judas dramatized so effectively in "  Finding Jesus . " Amarylis Didley West : Is there a place that we can find and read the Gospel of Judas ? Goodacre : The National Geographic website on the Gospel of Judas does feature the original translation from 2006 . As far as I am aware , there is no online version of the newer edition featuring the newer fragments and the revised translation . Watch the latest episode anytime on CNNgo NJ Robinson : Good question would be did Jesus know Judas would betray him when/before he chose him ? Goodacre : The Gospel writers themselves single out Judas as the one who would betray Jesus  more accurately "  hand him over "  as soon as they introduce him  e.g. Mark 3.19  , but they , of course , are writing with the benefit of hindsight . We can only guess as to what was in the mind of the historical Jesus . Our lack of knowledge about this and many other aspects in the life of the historical Jesus are what makes the story so compelling for writers of historical fiction . If you would like to read more about Judas , a good starting point is provided in this article on the Society of Biblical Literature 's Bible Odyssey website . It is written by "  Finding Jesus " contributor Bruce Chilton . And if you would like to read more about the Gospel of Judas , "  Finding Jesus " contributor April DeConick discusses it on Bible Odyssey . Is Judas in hell ?	Religion professor Mark Goodacre appears in each episode of the program
CNN  -- Written on every page of Israel 's history , in ink and in blood , is the name Ariel Sharon . His life , which ended today after an eight-year coma , deeply influenced Israel 's past . But even in death , Sharon will influence the future , as Israelis consider their options if the two-state solution fails . During Israel 's 1948 War of Independence , the handsome blond officer , known as "  Arik , " was shot and left for dead . He recovered and founded Israel 's first commando unit , which conducted raids beyond Israel 's borders . In the 1956 Sinai campaign , he led Israel 's legendary paratroopers into clashes behind enemy lines . A successful general in the 1967 Six Day War , he achieved world fame six years later by spurring Israeli troops across the Suez Canal to encircle the Egyptian army in the Yom Kippur War . The image of Sharon , still blond but now stout , his head wrapped in a bloodied bandage , became iconic . His heroism was uniquely Israeli , built by breaking rules as well as orders , and by surrounding himself with controversy and myth . But Sharon 's real legacy was made in politics . Here , too , he ignored the norms and forged his own often-tortuous path . He traversed the political spectrum , from the labor farm in which he grew up to the rightist Likud that he established with Menachem Begin . As agriculture minister in the late 1970s , he constructed dozens of settlements in the West Bank and Gaza , gaining a reputation as an opponent of peace . But then , as defense minister , he evicted thousands of Israelis from settlements in Sinai to fulfill Israel 's treaty with Egypt . In 1982 , Sharon masterminded the Israeli invasion of Lebanon , by some accounts deceiving Prime Minister Begin , and besieged Beirut . An Israeli investigation implicated Sharon in the massacre of 800 Palestinian civilians by Lebanese militiamen and compelled him to resign . I saw the two sides of Sharon , the bullheaded warrior and man of the people . I saw how Israelis were alternately repelled and captivated by him . I was stationed with the Israeli paratroopers in Beirut when we learned that Sharon wanted to visit the troops . Furious over what they regarded as a reckless war , my buddies indicated that the defense minister was unwelcome . Sharon never arrived . But weeks later , while hosting Sharon at a base inside Israel , I watched amazed as he left the table to chat with the cook , about whom he remembered every detail . Known even in Hebrew as the Bulldozer â $ " as much for perseverance as girth â $ " Sharon in 2000 burst into the political forefront . The Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat had rejected Israel 's offer of independence in all of Gaza , most of the West Bank and half of Jerusalem , and blamed Sharon 's visit to the Temple Mount for igniting the Second Intifada . Through the havoc wrought by Palestinian suicide bombers , Sharon pressed into the prime minister 's office with Labor 's Shimon Peres as his deputy . The once-impetuous soldier became the prudent statesman as Sharon waited through months of bombings before finally striking back . In April 2002 , he ordered Israeli forces to eradicate terror and restore peace to Israeli neighborhoods . Then Sharon , with characteristic audacity , pivoted toward peace . But failing to reach an agreement with the Palestinians , he decided to act unilaterally . The former champion of the settlements now proposed "  disengagement " -- to uproot them , along with Israeli forces , from Gaza . This divided the Israeli public and drove Sharon to create his own party , which gained wide support . In 2005 , the residents of all 21 Gaza settlements were evacuated . Hamas subsequently took over Gaza and fired thousands of rockets at Israel . Still , an unapologetic Sharon was about to apply his unilateralist strategy to the West Bank when he suffered a massive stroke . Today , as U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry pursues a peace agreement between Israel and the Palestinians , Sharon 's approach is once again being discussed . A growing number Israelis are asking , "  What happens if the process fails ? " One solution could be a unilateral Israeli withdrawal from Palestinian population centers in the West Bank . As in the disengagement from Gaza , the United States would endorse this move , but unlike in Gaza , most Israeli settlements would remain within Israel , and Israeli troops would still patrol strategic borders . Of course , the preferable solution is two states for two peoples . But if that proves unattainable , then Israel can still end the occupation of the Palestinians , preserve its security , and perhaps lay new foundations for peace . Even when comatose , Ariel Sharon was a constant presence for Israelis . Whether as the dashing commando , the farmer , the builder , the contrarian , and belated seeker of peace , he reflected them and embodied their story . And after his death , his brazen Israeli way of action lives on . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Oren .	Michael Oren : Ariel Sharon , who died today , had pivotal , enduring effect on Israel He says as an Israeli warrior , he led troops in Six Day War , Yom Kippur War , gained fame He says in political career , he opposed peace , eventually pivoting toward it Oren : Two state solution best , but Israel can still end the occupation of Palestinians
CNN  -- Computer networks ca n't feel or understand jokes , but software engineers have hardwired some compassion . Mechanisms in place in Facebook 's system and in Google 's search engine can look for suicidal messages and direct people to help . Facebook is encouraging its 800 million users to use a system the company created to flag suicidal or otherwise violent messages . If someone is posting unsettling photos or writing status updates about killing himself or herself , friends can click on a "  report suicidal content " link . At Facebook , staff members are monitoring these reports at all times of the day , a spokesman told CNN in June . Facebook investigates each report and may send a suicidal person an e-mail offering phone numbers for suicide hot lines , he said . That feature has been around since at least the summer , but Facebook said in a statement on Tuesday that it is expanding a partnership with the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline , which is funded by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration . In addition to phone support , the lifeline will now let Facebook users communicate with suicide prevention specialists in a Web chat room , the statement said . The national suicide hot line and Facebook have been partnering since 2006 , lifeline project director John Draper said in a statement . Google added a feature to its U.S. search engine in April 2010 that displays a picture of a red telephone and the phone number for the lifeline when people are searching for suicide-related topics . Earlier , the company launched a similar feature for a poison-control hot line after receiving an e-mail from a mother who had trouble finding the number when her daughter ingested something poisonous , a Google spokeswoman said . "  In times of crisis , it 's important to try to help people by quickly providing information , " the spokeswoman wrote in an e-mail . "  It 's a privilege for Google to be working with the NSPL and to be providing support on this important issue . "	Facebook and Google have new mechanisms for helping suicidal people Facebook lets friends report troubling messages and staff will follow up Google places the phone number for a hot line at the top of relevant search results
Hong Kong  CNN  Paleontologists have discovered a 50-foot "  dragon " dinosaur species in China that may have roamed the earth 160 million years ago during the Late Jurassic period . The long skeleton was found in 2006 by farmers digging for a fish pond in Qijiang city in the southwestern Chongqing province . Lida Xing , a member of the research team from the University of Alberta who made the discovery , told CNN it was named Qijianglong , the "  dragon of Qijiang " because farmers thought the bones resembled the shape of Chinese mythical dragons . "  We found the dinosaur 's huge vertebrae with the skull and the tail , but could n't find any bones from the hands or the legs . So the locals began to say the long body looked just like a dragon from ancient Chinese stories , " said Xing . The findings , published earlier this week in the Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology , show that the new species belongs to a group of dinosaurs called mamenchisaurids , known for their extremely long necks , which would measure up to half their body length . Most sauropods , or long-necked dinosaurs , such as those depicted in the popular animated series , "  The Land Before Time , " have necks that span only one third of their body length . "  Qijianglong is a cool animal . If you imagine a big animal that is half neck , you can see that evolution can do quite extraordinary things , " Tetsuto Miyashita , a PhD student at the University of Alberta , said in a press release . The dinosaur is the youngest addition to the mamenchisaurid group , which is only found in Asia . The discovery suggests that there may be other species of long-necks within the genus from different continents . "  Qijianglong shows that long-necked dinosaurs diversified in unique ways in Asia during Jurassic times -- something very special was going on in that continent , " said Miyashita . "  Nowhere else we can find dinosaurs with longer necks than those in China . The new dinosaur tells us that these extreme species thrived in isolation from the rest of the world . " The skeleton is now housed in a museum in Qijiang , but will be moved to a new dinosaur museum in the city that is currently being built . How much do you really know about dinosaurs ?	A 50-foot long skeleton may reveal a new species of long-necked dinosaur Neck of the Qijianglong spans half of its body length Unearthed in 2006 by local farmers , the bones are said to date back to the Late Jurassic period
CNN  Moments before testifying at the murder trial of her son 's alleged killer Wednesday , Ursula Ward 's voice cracked when she was asked by a prosecutor to identify a photo of her son 's body . Bristol County Superior Court Judge Susan Garsh told Ward that it is "  very , very important " for her to control her emotions on the witness stand once the jury returned to the Massachusetts courtroom . The judge had to rule on what photos could be shown to the victim 's mother in the presence of the jury . "  You are not to cry , " the judge said . "  Yes , your honor , " Ward replied during her brief appearance as a prosecution witness in the murder trial of former New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez . Hernandez , 25 , pleaded not guilty in the 2013 killing of Lloyd , 27 , a former semipro football player who dated the sister of Hernandez 's fiancee . Before Ward took the stand , defense lawyer Michael Fee objected to admitting the photo of Lloyd as evidence and showing it to the victim 's mother , saying it was "  cruel and unnecessary " and aimed at eliciting emotion . "  This woman , the mother of Odin Lloyd , has handled herself with plenty of restraint and dignity on the stand , " prosecutor William McCauley told the judge before the jury returned . Garsh allowed the photo to be shown to Ward but not projected on a monitor for the jury to see . When the jury came back , Ward remained composed as she testified that Lloyd was her oldest child and that he played football and basketball in high school , but did n't go to college because she could n't afford it . Ward , who had twice walked out of court sobbing when photos of her son were shown , calmly recounted that Lloyd rode his bicycle 20 miles to a landscaping job , that he played semi-pro football for the Boston Bandits and that she last saw him alive on Father 's Day 2013 . "  I just saw his beautiful pink gums smiling at me across the street , " she said . Ward then showed no emotion when she identified two photos of her son -- one of Lloyd after his death , another one of him standing in front of a neighbor 's home , wearing a cap and carrying a backpack . "  My son , " Ward said after seeing the first photo . Hernandez looked at the second photo on the court monitor . That photo was shown to the jury . The defense did not cross-examine Ward . On Tuesday , a female juror was dismissed for talking about the case . The juror had said it would be difficult to convict the ex-player without a murder weapon and discussed inadmissible evidence , Garsh noted . The judge dismissed the juror after ordering the public out of court for a hearing that included defense lawyers , prosecutors , witnesses and the juror . The closed-door session was "  no broader than necessary to protect Hernandez 's right to a fair trial , " Garsh said . After the hearing , Garsh also said there was "  credible evidence " that the dismissed juror had expressed interest in being part of the Hernandez jury and had attended more Patriots games than the juror admitted on a questionnaire . "  The juror 's recollection of conversations is not supported by the credible evidence , " the judge said . The juror 's presence on the jury "  posed a substantial risk " to the fairness of the trial , she said , and the dismissal was necessary in "  the best interest of justice . " Shaneah Jenkins , 23 , who was dating Lloyd at the time of his death , Tuesday broke into tears when she recalled a call from a state trooper with word that "  Odin was dead . " Her sister , Shayanna , is Hernandez 's fiancee and mother of his child . Shaneah Jenkins testified that she later visited her sister and saw Hernandez , who placed his hand on her shoulder to console her . Hernandez told her "  he 's been through this death thing before and it would all get better with time , " she testified . After Hernandez left the home , Shaneah Jenkins testified , her sister Shayanna kept receiving cell phone calls and text messages . Shaneah Jenkins said her sister seemed "  secretive , " her responses "  very short . " Shayanna Jenkins would go to the basement to continue the conversations , her sister testified . One time , Shaneah Jenkins told the jury , her sister went down to the basement with what appeared to be a new garbage bag folded in her hand . Shayanna later left the house , returned and asked to borrow her sister 's car , Shaneah Jenkins testified . The case has divided the Jenkins sisters , who sit on opposite sides of the courtroom -- Shaneah with Lloyd 's mother and Shayanna with Hernandez 's family . Prosecutor Patrick Bomberg has told the jury that Hernandez not only orchestrated the killing , but also participated in it and covered it up . Bomberg summed up the prosecution 's largely circumstantial case , telling the jury that Hernandez and his associates killed Lloyd and then "  took evidence with them and tried to and , in some cases , were successful in destroying evidence . " The three picked up Lloyd and drove to a secluded area where he was shot six times and killed , Bomberg said . A marijuana blunt found near Lloyd 's body had traces of both his DNA and that of Hernandez , Bomberg said . Hernandez 's DNA also was found on a .45 - caliber shell casing found in a car he had rented . A footprint at the industrial park where Lloyd 's body was found matched sneakers worn by Hernandez , the prosecutor said . The defense said the one-time NFL star worth $ 40 million was targeted by police and prosecutors in the death of the semipro football player because of celebrity status . Hernandez "  never had a chance " as authorities zeroed in , Fee told the jury . Garsh said the jury may visit the crime scene on Friday . Two alleged accomplices , Ernest Wallace and Carlos Ortiz , have pleaded not guilty and will be tried separately . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Laura Dolan contributed to this report .	Mother of victim in Aaron Hernandez murder trial identifies photos of son Ursula Ward last saw son in 2013 : "  I just saw his beautiful pink gums smiling at me across the street " Former NFL star Hernandez has pleaded not guilty in the death of Odin Lloyd
CNN  -- Man-made climate change threatens to stress water resources , challenge crops and livestock , raise sea levels and adversely affect human health , according to a report released by the Obama administration on Tuesday . Farmers and workers in central California are suffering through the third year of a worsening drought . The nearly 200-page document on global climate change -- released by the White House science adviser and mandated by Congress -- does not include new research , but encompasses several recent studies on the effects of global warming over the last half century . Among the report 's key findings are an "  unequivocal and primarily human-induced " rise in the Earth 's temperature of 2 degrees Fahrenheit over the last 50 years , and a projection of more rapidly changing temperatures over the next several decades . "  It 's not just a problem for the future , " said Jane Lubchenco , administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . "  We 're beginning to see the impact on our daily lives . " The continuing temperature rise is likely to spur a series of negative consequences for the Earth 's energy supply , water , transportation , ecosystems and health , the study said . " -LSB- The report -RSB- tells us why remedial action is needed sooner rather than later , as well as showing why that action must include both global emissions reductions to reduce the extent of climate change and local adaptation measures to reduce the damage from the changes that are no longer avoidable , " said John P. Holdren , the White House science adviser . Among the study 's specific predictions : Longer and more intense heat waves ; increased heavy downpours likely to cause widespread complications such as flooding and waterborne diseases ; reduced summer runoff , creating greater competition for water , especially in the West ; rising ocean water temperatures that will threaten coral reefs ; an increase in wildfires and insect infestations ; and more frequent coastal flooding caused by rising seas . The report is the first in almost a decade to break down impacts of climate change on regions and economic sectors of the United States . For example , warming trends in coming decades are expected to reduce the lobster catch in the waters of the Northeast , increase the intensity of hurricanes in the Southeast and accelerate drought in the Southwest , it said . Authors of the comprehensive report said they hope it can serve as a valuable tool for policymakers and other Americans , such as farmers making crop decisions or local governments passing zoning restrictions in coastal areas . The report comes as Congress debates a White House-backed climate change bill that seeks to reduce the United State 's greenhouse gas emissions 17 percent by 2020 and 83 percent by 2050 through a so-called "  cap and trade " program . The bill cleared a key House committee vote in May and could be considered by the entire chamber within the next two weeks , House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer said Tuesday . The bill 's future remains unclear in the Senate , where leaders are holding off advancing their own version of the legislation until it clears the lower chamber .	Man-made climate change is adversely affecting the U.S. , says a federal report Report : Changes will stress water resources , challenge crops and raise sea levels Document is released by White House science adviser and mandated by Congress Report 's predictions : Hotter heat waves , more flooding and an increase in wildfires
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- No charges will be brought against a 10-year-old boy accused of accidentally starting an October wildfire that scorched more than 38,000 acres north of Los Angeles , California , prosecutors announced Tuesday . Firefighters battle the Buckweed Fire October 22 , 2007 . "  There is no evidence of intent on the part of the minor , " the Los Angeles County district attorney 's office said in a written statement issued Tuesday afternoon . "  The district attorney 's office is referring the matter to the Department of Children and Family Services for evaluation of the minor 's situation to determine if other intervention is necessary . " The boy had faced possible charges in juvenile court after admitting to sheriff 's deputies that he had started the Buckweed fire by playing with matches , investigators said . The blaze eventually destroyed 21 homes and 42 other structures . The fire started October 21 in the Agua Dulce community north of Los Angeles . It was one of nearly two dozen wind-whipped wildfires that swept across southern California in late October , forcing hundreds of thousands of people from homes near Los Angeles , San Diego and San Bernardino and leaving 14 people dead . E-mail to a friend	There is no evidence that the boy intended to set the fire , prosecutors say He had faced possible charges in juvenile court after admitting to setting blaze The boy was playing with matches ; the blaze destroyed 21 homes The Buckweed fire started October 21 north of Los Angeles
CNN  -- The bad economy and downturn in the housing market are n't the only painful things for Realtor Anne Stephens . Her knees , hips and ankles hurt from arthritis . Anne Stephens , 61 , was in her late 30s when she was diagnosed with osteoarthritis . "  I ca n't sit too long . I ca n't stand too long , and I ca n't walk too long , " said Stephens , 61 , from Conyers , Georgia . Stephens is among the 27 million Americans who suffer from the most common form of arthritis called osteoarthritis . "  I think people tend to think of this as more of a nuisance , " said Dr. John Klippel , president and CEO of the Arthritis Foundation . "  They think of it as only aches and pains and not the serious problem that it actually is -- the leading cause of disability in this country . " Klippel said part of the misconception has to do with all the myths surrounding the disease . Common myth 1 : Arthritis is a disease of the elderly While older people do develop arthritis , children and teenagers can get certain forms of the condition , Klippel said . The Arthritis Foundation reports two-thirds of people with doctor-diagnosed arthritis are under age 65 . Watch more on arthritis fact and fiction " Stephens was in her late 30s when she developed osteoarthritis after injuring her knees running and playing volleyball . She felt a sharp pain and recalled , "  It was downhill after that . " Researchers do n't know the exact cause of arthritis , but they do know what puts people at risk . Klippel said that while the disease is associated with aging , other risk factors include heredity , joint injury , obesity and lack of fitness . Common myth 2 : Cracking your knuckles causes arthritis Despite what your grandmother told you , experts say cracking your knuckles is not a risk factor for arthritis . "  It 's annoying -- it 's certainly not good for the joints , but on the other hand , it does n't cause arthritis , " Klippel said . Common myth 3 : Predicting the weather "  Boy , there 's a good myth , " Klippel said with a chuckle . "  I ca n't tell you how many patients I would take care of who would say they were better than the weatherman at predicting changes in humidity . " He said researchers have studied the claims , but concluded there is no scientific evidence to suggest arthritis flare-ups occur during bad weather . Klippel also does n't buy the argument that arthritis patients are better off if they live in a warmer climate . "  If you live in a warmer climate , you 're simply more active for more months of the year and that 's probably why people feel better , " Klippel said . "  It probably has very little to do with the weather itself . " Common myth 4 : Exercise aggravates arthritis Staying active actually is one of the most important ways to prevent and ease the pain of arthritis , Klippel said . It also helps with weight control . "  For people with arthritis , it hurts to exercise , " he said . "  But over time , the post-exercise pain actually diminishes if you push through it . " He recommended choosing joint-friendly exercises such as walking , biking or swimming . In addition to putting ice on an aching joint , Klippel suggested taking nonsteroidal , anti-inflammatory medication before or after exercising to help relieve the pain . "  People need to stay active and move their joints to keep the muscles strong and to keep the joints flexible , " Klippel said . Common myth 5 : Nothing helps Klippel worries about arthritis patients who do n't seek medical help because they do n't think anything can be done about the pain . He said a proper diagnosis can lead to a host of possible treatments , including the latest prescription medicines for pain and rehabilitating aching joints through physical therapy . Klippel urges people not to wait until the pain is unbearable before seeing a doctor . "  If aches and pains persist for more than four weeks , that 's a time to pay attention , " he said . Anne Stephens followed that advice and she said it has made all the difference . She manages the inflammation and pain by taking prescription medication  a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug  . She also exercises at least three days a week ; the workouts help her strengthen her muscles . And she sees her doctor several times a year . "  I 've learned to adapt , " she said . "  I know what 's going to hurt me and what does n't . "	Osteoarthritis , the most common form of the disease , affects 27 million Americans Arthritis is not a disease of the old : Two-thirds of those diagnosed are under 65 Prescription and over-the-counter drugs can help with pain , as can exercise
CNN  -- It 's not news that the Internet enjoys killing celebrities . But the hoaxes seem a bit meaner and more callous when the details appear to be lifted from an actual accident involving a fatality . "  Seinfeld " star Wayne Knight took to Twitter over the weekend to dispel a fake report he had been killed in a car crash on Route 446 in Pennsylvania . According to the story that made the rounds on the Web -- including a fake TMZ website -- the accident involved his Mercedes , which crashed into a tractor-trailer near the Pennsylvania-New York state line . "  Some of you will be glad to hear this , others strangely disappointed , but ... I am alive and well ! , " he tweeted . He later added , "  Does someone have to DIE to trend ? Geez ! Thanks for all the love everybody . I did n't know you cared . Glad to be breathing ! " However , someone did die recently in a crash at that site . The Buffalo  New York  News reported that Lindsay M. Schmit , 26 , was killed Thursday when the Chevrolet Malibu she was traveling in crossed the center line on Route 446 and was struck by a tractor-trailer . Schmit 's fiancÃ © , Christopher Johnston , and her 2-year-old son , Carter Pontius , were also in the car and critically injured . Stars are often the targets of such hoaxes . Actor Eddie Murphy has been "  killed " several times on Twitter , and actor Jeff Goldblum appeared on "  The Colbert Report " in 2009 to announce that he was , in fact , still alive despite Internet reports to the contrary . TMZ.today , which posted the fake Knight death report , also posted an erroneous report that former "  Family Ties " child star Brian Bonsall had died of a drug overdose . The headline for the story listed the actor as "  Bosnell . " Bonsall appeared to take the news in in stride , tweeting from his unverified account , "  Well apparently i 'm dead , lol but I 'll have you know I 'm doing well and enjoying a cup of coffee at home . " According to The Hollywood Reporter , several sites picked up on the Knight death hoax , which also appeared on a fake US Weekly site . The Hollywood Reporter attempted to trace the fake sites and reported that the registration names for TMZ.today are listed as private , while the fake Usmagazine.us site is registered to someone named Ryan Wiseman in San Antonio . Unlike his "  Seinfeld " character Newman , Knight showed he had a heart , offering his condolences to Schmit 's loved ones and apologies to those taken aback by the premature reports of his passing . "  Regrets to my friends and family who were shocked this morning and the family of the woman who actually died in my ` supposed ' accident , " he tweeted .	Wayne Knight of "  Seinfeld " fame tweeted he did n't die after fake reports "  Family Ties " star also was a victim of death hoax A woman was killed in the accident alleged to be Knight 's
CNN  -- For the past several months , Amy Wolf has been glued to the television , intently watching for information on how best to prepare for H1N1 flu . Eight months pregnant , Amy Wolf  shown with her husband and son  signed up for an H1N1 vaccine trial . She usually does not worry about the flu , but this year is different : Wolf is eight months into her second pregnancy . "  I watch the news like crazy , and it seems like every time I would watch or read something , there was a picture of a pregnant woman , " Wolf says . She 's right to be concerned . According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , pregnancy puts Wolf at higher risk of complications for flu in general , and so far that also holds true for the novel 2009 H1N1 virus . The most recent data show that from April 15 to May 18 , 2009 , thirty-four percent of the pregnant women infected with the H1N1 virus were hospitalized , and by June , six pregnant women had died . "  I 've never heard of something affecting pregnant women more than anyone else , " says Wolf . More worrisome -- the virus is already widespread in Tennessee , where she lives . Wolf says a neighbor 's son was recently hospitalized . " -LSB- H1N1 -RSB- just seems more real to me than a lot of the other health concerns . " Track the H1N1 flu " A perusal through our Empowered Patient inbox found swine flu is a hot topic among pregnant women . We took the questions we received to experts for answers . Is the H1N1 vaccine safe for pregnant women ? According to a guide for pregnant women released by the CDC , the H1N1 vaccine "  will be made using the same processes and facilities used to make seasonal influenza vaccines , " which are already proven to be safe , and are currently recommended for pregnant women . "  We anticipate the safety to be similar to the seasonal flu vaccine , which has been given to millions of pregnant women and has not been shown to have any adverse events in pregnant women or their children , " says Dr. Naomi Tepper , an obstetrician for the CDC 's H1N1 vaccine task force . However , recognizing that pregnant women in particular may be hesitant , Dr. Jesse Goodman , chief scientist for the Food and Drug Administration , says "  out of an abundance of caution " researchers are conducting studies on pregnant women and other high-risk groups . "  It 's always good to have more information , " Goodman says . The FDA approves and licenses the vaccine . Quiz : Test your H1N1 knowledge About 120 expecting mothers are participating in clinical trials across the country . Health officials anticipate the results of these studies will be available in the coming weeks . Watch more on the vaccine trials " Should I get the H1N1 vaccine , a regular seasonal flu shot  or both  while I am pregnant ? The CDC encourages pregnant women to get the seasonal flu shot now because it 's available , and to also get the H1N1 vaccine as soon as it becomes available . "  A pregnant woman who gets any type of flu is at risk for serious complications and hospitalization , " the CDC says in its guide for pregnant women . Tepper also says this is important no matter which trimester you are in . "  It should not be delayed until beyond the first trimester because even pregnant women in the first trimester have become very ill , " she wrote in an e-mail . As a woman advances in her pregnancy , her immune system becomes more compromised , which is one of the reasons both the CDC and the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists recommend women who will be pregnant during the flu season get flu shots . If I get the vaccine while pregnant , will this also protect the baby when he/she is born ? "  One of the things the body does very well is give antibodies to the babies , " says Dr. Buddy Creech , a researcher conducting clinical trials on pregnant women at Vanderbilt University . "  It 's one of the greatest reasons we vaccinate pregnant women . " Creech says past flu studies have found that when women get flu shots before giving birth , they help build immunity for their child that is particularly helpful during the infant 's first few months of life . Watch more on pregnancy and H1N1 " "  If we 're going to protect those children , it 'll be with vaccines rather than drugs , " Creech says . Is it safe to get vaccinated while breastfeeding ? Should my newborn also be vaccinated ? According to the Advisory Committee for Immunization Practices , the H1N1 vaccine will be recommended for children ages six months and older . Newborns and infants younger than 6 months can not receive the vaccine . Health officials say breastfeeding is one way a mother might be able to help protect her baby . "  The vaccine is safe if she breastfeeds , and she may even pass along some immunity to her infant , " says Tepper of the CDC . "  It will also reduce the chance that -LSB- the mom -RSB- will get the flu and pass it to her infant . " What 's the difference between the seasonal flu shot and the H1N1 vaccine ? The seasonal flu vaccine is updated each year to protect against the predominant flu strains expected to circulate during the flu season . Health officials say the process and formulation of the H1N1 vaccine is identical to that of the seasonal flu shot . The main difference is that the novel 2009 H1N1 strain was first seen in April 2009 , after the seasonal vaccine had been developed . Will the H1N1 vaccine be free of thimerosal ? According to the CDC , versions of the H1N1 vaccine will be ordered with and without the preservative thimerosal . Preservatives are sometimes used in vaccines to help prevent the growth of fungi and bacteria that find their way into the vaccine vials . Read what the CDC says about Thimerosal in H1N1 vaccines The FDA has approved applications from four manufacturers to begin producing the novel 2009 H1N1 flu vaccine . In all , some 40 million to 50 million doses are expected to be produced . Amy Wolf is not as worried anymore : On September 15 , she became one of the first pregnant women in the United States to receive the vaccine . She participated in the clinical trial at Vanderbilt University , where she is employed . "  I thought If I could do something now to protect both myself and my baby , then it just seems stupid not to . " Wolf signed up only after speaking with the researchers at the university and her OB-GYN , and asking a ton of questions . She says , for her , the benefits of participating outweighed the risks . "  I really do n't feel like a guinea pig , " Wolf says . "  I have n't had a single medical professional tell me I should n't do it . And that made me feel really confident . " CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen and Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	Pregnant women at higher risk of complications from influenza Clinical trials on pregnant women still under way 34 percent of women infected with novel H1N1 virus were hospitalized
BERLIN , Germany  CNN  -- Women 's boxing will be included at the 2012 Olympic Games in London , the president of the International Olympic Committee announced Thursday . Germany 's Ina Menzer , left , fights American Franchesca Alcanter during a WIBF and WBC featherweight bout in May . The decision came during a two-day IOC Executive Board meeting in Berlin , at which board members also decided to propose golf and rugby for inclusion in the 2016 Olympic Games . "  I can only rejoice about the decision of inclusion of women 's boxing , " IOC President Jacques Rogge told reporters . "  I think it 's a great decision . Boxing was the sole  Olympic  sport with no women involved . "  The sport of women 's boxing has progressed a lot , a tremendous amount , in the last five years and it was about time to include them in the Games . " Have your say - should women 's boxing be included ? A men 's class will likely be axed to make room for three women 's weight categories at London 2012 , the UK Press Association reported . Women will compete in the flyweight 48-51kg class , lightweight 56-60kg and middleweight 69-75kg , the agency said . When the IOC dropped baseball and softball from the 2012 Olympic program several years ago , it said it would consider adding new sports that had a clean reputation and a wide appeal . Rogge pointed out that women 's boxing has around 200 athletes who could potentially compete in 2012 , while softball has only around 120 . As a result , he said , the IOC considered women 's boxing to be more popular . Women 's boxing has boomed in Britain since 2005 , with the number of registered female fighters rising from 50 to 600 , PA reported . Softball and baseball were considered for inclusion in the 2016 Games along with squash , karate , roller sports , golf and rugby , but the board decided to consider only the last two . Blog : IOC has picked the wrong sports , says CNN 's Paul Gittings The IOC has not yet selected the host city for 2016 , but its board members will submit golf and rugby to the full IOC session for a final decision at its meeting in Copenhagen , Denmark , in October . "  Golf and rugby scored high on all the criteria , " Rogge told the IOC 's official Web site . "  They have global appeal , a geographically diverse line-up of top iconic athletes and an ethic that stresses fair play . " The International Golf Federation has proposed two four-day strokeplay tournaments for men and women , with 18 holes per round and medals awarded to the three players in each with the lowest scores . The International Rugby Board has proposed men 's and women 's Sevens tournaments , with 12 teams in each being divided into two pools before semifinals and finals .	Women 's boxing will be included in the 2012 Olympic Games in London Boxing had been the only Olympic event without any female participants Golf and rugby will be considered for inclusion at the 2016 Summer Games Softball , squash , baseball , karate and roller sports did not make the cut
Washington  CNN  -- Venezuela 's consul general in Miami has been declared to be persona non grata and must leave the United States , a State Department spokesman said Sunday . Spokesman William Ostick declined to comment on specific details behind the decision to expel Livia Acosta Noguera , who has headed Venezuela 's consulate in Miami since March 2011 . The Venezuelan Embassy in Washington was informed of the decision Friday , Ostick said in a written statement , and the State Department said Acosta must depart the United States by Tuesday . It was unclear Sunday whether or not she was still in the United States . There was no immediate response from the Venezuelan government . Last month , a group of American lawmakers said they had "  grave concerns " about Acosta and called for an investigation after the Spanish-language TV channel Univision aired a documentary alleging that she was among a group of Venezuelan and Iranian diplomats who expressed interest in an offer from a group of Mexican hackers to infiltrate the websites of the White House , the FBI , the Pentagon and U.S. nuclear plants . The evidence that the plot was real , according to Univision , are secret recordings with diplomats who ask questions about what the hackers can do and promise to send information to their governments . Univision interviewed a purported Mexican whistle-blower -- a student at the National Autonomous University of Mexico named Juan Carlos Munoz Ledo . The student told Univision he was recruited by a leftist professor who wanted to wage cyber attacks on the United States and its allies . Munoz told Univision he secretly recorded a meeting in 2008 with Acosta , who was then the cultural attache of the Venezuelan Embassy in Mexico . According to a recording Univision aired as part of its report , Acosta is heard saying that she can send the information gathered by the hackers straight to Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez . Chavez has called the report "  lies . " One of the Iranian diplomats told Univision that although he , indeed , was presented with a hacking plot by the Mexican group , he turned it down , in part because he thought they were CIA agents . In a letter to U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton last month , Reps. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , David Rivera , Mario Diaz-Balart and Albio Sires asked the State Department to require Acosta 's "  immediate departure " from the United States if the Univision report proved true . Ros-Lehtinen , who is chairwoman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee , cheered the decision to declare Acosta persona non grata on Sunday , but said the United States must do more to "  counter Iranian plots in the Western Hemisphere . " Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is on a four-nation Latin American tour this week , a visit the Florida Republican said serves "  as a somber reminder that our enemies are welcomed by our undemocratic neighbors . " "  We must strengthen our regional alliances to confront the onslaught of anti-democratic forces in Latin America whose goal is to undermine our nation , " Ros-Lehtinen said . A State Department spokesman said last month that the United States did not know about the alleged plot , but that it found the Univision allegations "  very disturbing . " However , "  we do n't have any information , at this point , to corroborate it , " State Department spokesman Mark Toner said . CNN 's Rafael Fuenmayor , Jill Dougherty , Juan Carlos Lopez and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	NEW : Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen says the U.S. must do more to "  counter Iranian plots " There was no immediate response from the Venezuelan government U.S. State Department : Livia Acosta has been declared persona non grata She has been Venezuela 's consul general in Miami since March 2011
CNN  -- They 've been spotted and spotted again , those objects in the southern Indian Ocean . Every time a report comes out that something has been seen that may be related to missing Malaysia Flight 370 , hopes have risen . And then , they have fallen . It 's seemed like a daily exercise . For instance , images taken by a Thai satellite and released Thursday showed about 300 objects ranging in size from 6 feet  2 meters  to 50 feet  15 meters  . When photographed Monday , they were about 125 miles  201 kilometers  away from the spot where a French satellite captured images of a floating group of objects Sunday . Could it be ? Knowing for sure is a waiting game . It will be at least Friday before planes can try to find the materials because bad weather in the remote spot has again hampered searching . Here 's a rundown of how many times we 've been through this : On March 9 , Vietnam 's navy spotted a floating object about 80 kilometers  50 miles  southwest of Vietnam 's Tho Chu Island , which is off the country 's southwest coast in the Gulf of Thailand , Vietnam National Search and Rescue Committee spokesman Hung Nguyen told CNN . Vietnamese navy rescue aircraft spotted the object in the evening hours local time . Because of the dark , the navy aircraft could not get close enough to identify the floating object and was recalled to base . Three search and rescue boats were deployed to that location . Several days later , a Chinese satellite had a sighting that captured a lot of interest but it was later retracted as a mistake . It was not in the southern Indian ocean . China said it captured a "  suspected floating object " on March 18 . The object the Chinese photographed was 22.5 meters long and 13 meters wide  74 feet by 43 feet  , officials said . Around March 19 , it was reported that witnesses on the ground claimed they saw Flight 370 . A man from New Zealand working on an oil rig off Vietnam claimed he saw a burning object in the sky on the morning of March 8 , hours after the plane had taken off from Kuala Lumpur on its way to Beijing . Then came reports that had many believing "  This is it ! " and headlines carried the news . But it turned out to be nothing . On March 20 , CNN quoted Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott as saying that authorities had spotted two objects in the Indian Ocean that were possibly related to the search for missing Flight 370 . Those objects have not been found . During a March 22 search , a civil aircraft reported that it had spotted some small objects floating , including a wooden pallet , the Australian Maritime Safety Authority  AMSA  said . These objects were within a radius of about three miles . A Royal New Zealand Air Force P-3 Orion was sent to the area , but only reported seeing bunches of seaweed , AMSA said . On March 24 , Australian officials said they saw two objects in the southern Indian Ocean that could be related to the flight . One object was "  a gray or green circular object , " and the other was "  an orange rectangular object , "  according to AMSA . Mary Schiavo , a CNN aviation analyst and former inspector general for the U.S. Department of Transportation , appeared on CNN to explain why those objects seemed intriguing . Read her comments "  The gray/green is the color of the inside of the aircraft , " she said . "  A great number of pieces of metal and other things in the aircraft are of gray/green color , everything from the metal in the fuselage and pieces of the mechanical parts ... " Orange and bright yellow "  are the color of the emergency escape slides , the life rafts inside the plane , " she said . "  The life vests , but they would n't be that big . So there are many things that are those colors that could be a signal that it 's not something that has fallen off a ship but rather that it 's something from out of a plane . " The Australian naval ship HMAS Success did n't turn up the objects when it searched Monday night , AMSA said . There is no word yet if those objects have been found or what they are . Also on Monday , a Chinese military plane said it had seen "  suspicious objects " in the same area.A U.S. surveillance plane sent to follow up was unable to find them . On Wednesday , a French defense firm provided new satellite images that showed 122 objects floating in the southern Indian Ocean , not far from other satellite sightings that could be related to Flight 370 , Malaysia 's acting Transportation Minister Hishammuddin Bin Hussein said . The objects were scattered over 154 square miles  400 square kilometers  , he said . Hishammuddin said he was n't sure if Australian authorities coordinating the search for the plane Wednesday had been able to follow up on the new satellite images , which came from Airbus Defence and Space . Read : China treads carefully amid the anger and grief of MH370 relatives	Malaysia Flight 370 went down in the southern Indian Ocean , officials say There have been hundreds of objects seen but nothing has been the real deal Latest sighting ? 300 objects spotted by a Thai satellite
CNN  Kepler is still on the beat . The NASA spacecraft , which is designed to seek out other worlds but hit a snag when parts failed last year , found another planet thanks to some nifty repurposing by the space agency and its partners , NASA confirmed Thursday . The recently found world is named HIP 116454b and has a diameter 2.5 times the size of Earth 's , said NASA in a press release . That would make it smaller than Neptune , the next-largest planet in our solar system . HIP 116454b orbits its star , which is in the direction of the constellation Pisces , in nine days and is too close to support life as we know it , the agency added . It 's 180 light-years away . 11 cool space missions you should know about But it adds another tidbit to our knowledge of the universe -- something scientists did n't think was possible when a part of the craft broke down last year . "  Last summer , the possibility of a scientifically productive mission for Kepler after its reaction wheel failure in its extended mission was not part of the conversation , " said Paul Hertz , NASA 's astrophysics division director , in a statement . Mars has gas , and Curiosity finds organic matter But scientists and engineers came up with a new strategy that uses pressure from sunlight to take the place of the failed reaction wheel , which helps point the spacecraft in the right direction . Kepler is now free to continue its mission , called K2 by NASA . "  K2 is uniquely positioned to dramatically refine our understanding of these alien worlds and further define the boundary between rocky worlds like Earth and ice giants like Neptune , " said Kepler/K2 project scientist Steve Howell in NASA 's press release . Let the hunt continue . Space-based solar power : Energy of the future ?	NASA spacecraft , once thought junk , gets new life Kepler has now found another exoplanet -- a planet outside our solar system New planet is 2.5 times the diameter of Earth , orbits star 180 light-years away
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A massive anti-mafia sweep that stretched from New York to Sicily has not only cut off the head of the Gambino crime family but lopped off "  the shoulders and chest " too , a spokesman for the attorney general of New York said . John "  Jackie the Nose " D'Amico , shown in 1992 , is one of 62 Gambino crime family members indicted . Sixty-two people from the Gambino , Genovese and Bonanno families face 80 charges , ranging from money laundering , to illegal gambling and murder . "  These charges strike at the very core of the Gambino family , " Benton Campbell , U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of New York said Thursday . According to the charges , the Gambino family profited from extortion within the New York construction industry and its labor unions . Several companies allegedly paid a "  mob tax " in return for "  protection " and "  permission to operate , " said Inspector General Hedell from the U.S. Department of Labor . Watch as dozens charged in anti-mafia sweep " Other charges involve an alleged illegal gambling ring , said Richard Brown , Queens County District Attorney . Brown alleged that Nicholas Corozzo , a reputed captain in the Gambino family , was involved in a sports gambling enterprise that relied , in part , on toll-free telephones . According to the indictment , four members of the Gambino family are charged with eight crimes involving murder . Those charges include the murder of Jose Delgado Rivera , who was shot and killed in an armored truck during a robbery in 1990 . "  Today we are able to bring closure to crimes from the past that have never been forgotten , " said Campbell . He said crimes span over three decades . Key to the Gambino arrests was someone from the attorney general 's Organized Crime Task Force who infiltrated the Gambino family and recorded hundreds of hours of conversations , said John Milgrim , a spokesman for the attorney general . They not only cut off the head of the organization but "  the shoulders and chest " too , said Milgrim . Forty-five of those charged are already in custody , police said . Arrests were made in New York City , Long Island and New Jersey . "  It is as unrelenting as weeds that continue to sprout in the cracks of society , " New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo said of organized crime . "  We will not rest until organized crime is a distant memory . " In addition to the arrests in the New York area , police in Italy made 77 arrests in connection with organized crime . Francesco Gratteri of the Italian National Anti-Crime Police said they arrested 23 in Palermo , the rest in New York . These arrests were of important members of a powerful clan in Sicily linked to mafia boss Salvatore Lo Piccolo , who was believed to be the successor to the boss of bosses , Bernardo Provenzano , police said . Police added that , in his attempt to rise to power , Lo Piccolo tried to mend fences with New York-based mafia families after those ties were broken during the bloody mafia wars of the 1980 's . These families included the Gambinos of New York and the Inzerillos of Italy . Provenzano was arrested two years ago in Corleone . "  It is evident that the intent of the mafia in Palermo was to re-establish a dialogue through the Inzerillo family in the U.S. , " said Francesco Messineo of the Italian police . "  A dialogue that was never interrupted because the relationship between the American and the Italian mafia is historic , based on long tradition . But there was certainly an attempt to re-establish that connection . " Investigators believe mob clans wanted to collaborate on illegal commercial ventures such as money-laundering and drug-trafficking . Italian officials said the arrests were aimed at preventing these illegal activities , but they warned that other mafia clans in Sicily oppose the return of the Inzerillo family to the island , and therefore were concerned about a new mafia war . E-mail to a friend Deborah Feyerick in New York and Alessio Vinci in Rome contibuted to this report .	Operation targets organized crime in U.S. , Italy Dozens in custody ; others sought U.S. grand jury names 62 reputed members of Gambino crime family Feds say suspects involved in international drug trafficking , robbery , murder , extortion
Rustenburg , South Africa  CNN  -- More South African mine workers gathered Wednesday , signaling growing instability and labor woes in the nation 's platinum industry days after police killed dozens of protesters . Mine workers rallied at Bafokeng Rasimone Platinum Mine , which is owned by local tribe Royal Bafokeng . "  The situation is stable , is being monitored and management is preparing for engagement , " said Mzila Nthenjane , a company executive . He declined to provide additional details , saying the company will release more information after officials tend to the situation . At nearby Anglo American Platinum mine , a group of workers gave management until Friday to respond to a list of demands . "  We encourage our workers to utilize existing channels in place to address any upcoming issues , " said Mpumi Sithole , a company spokeswoman . She did not specify what the demands were , but she said workers have not made any threats to go on strike . Both companies operate mines near the Lonmin facility , where clashes between police and mine workers left 34 people dead August 16 . Lonmin is the world 's third-largest platinum producer . In the Lonmin protests , thousands of rock drillers , who earn up to $ 500 a month , demanded an increase to $ 1,500 a month . Lonmin rejected the demand and called the strike illegal . Negotiations between strikers and the company broke down after a week of rising tensions , leading to a standoff as police fenced in machete-armed protesters with barbed wire , according to authorities . Protesters moved toward police , forcing authorities to drive them back with tear gas and rubber bullets , officials said . Officers used live ammunition when protesters defied their orders to stop attacking , said police Commissioner Riah Phiyega . At least 34 people died in a hail of gunfire ; 78 others were wounded . In the days preceding the shootings , 10 people were hacked to death , including two police officers . Authorities did everything in their power to avoid the fatal clash with miners , the South African minister of police said . "  The events ... were not  a  sudden eruption but a culmination of events that were building over months and months , " Nathi Mthethwa said . Rivalry between two unions that wield significant power and influence also intensified the Lonmin protests . The unions , accused of trying to outdo each other in negotiating wages , denied instigating the clashes . The mine has reopened , and some workers have resumed working , according to Lonmin . A memorial service is scheduled for Thursday at the spot where miners and police clashed .	Mine workers gather at Bafokeng Rasimone Platinum Mine At nearby Anglo American Platinum mine , workers give management a list of demands Both mines are in the same province near Rustenburg
Mumbai , India  CNN  -- Forget going door-to-door , Gaurav Sharma , 31 , campaigns from window-to-window . He 's an independent candidate running for a seat in India 's general election from South Mumbai . Unlike the politicians he 's up against , who wear traditional Indian clothes , Gaurav Sharma dresses like a man with extraordinary powers -- the Marvel superhero Spider-Man . As he pops his head into a window after scaling a residential building , he asks startled residents to vote for him . When asked if people take a candidate dressed up as a comic book character seriously , he sincerely says , that they do and they should . Because unlike the fictional superhero , Sharma has real guts , intense concentration and dedication . These are the qualities , he says , that enable him to scale a 45-story building in just 19 minutes . "  It takes a higher level of thinking and great organized thought , " Sharma says , adding that a candidate needs these qualities to help the citizens of Mumbai . After all , with great power comes great responsibility . Though Mumbai is India 's financial capital and one of the wealthier cities in India , "  people are still deprived of the basic necessities like water , electricity , schooling , " he says . If he 's elected , these are the basic issues he will tackle . His election symbol is -- you got it -- a window . These symbols are a crucial part of India 's election exercise . In a country where a large part of the population is illiterate , people cast their vote for a symbol rather than a candidate 's name . It 's a palm for the Congress party , a lotus for the Bharatiya Janata Party , a broom for the Aam Aadmi Party and a window for Sharma . The friendly neighborhood Spider-Man says he hopes the public will grab the window of opportunity they have to bring about change in Mumbai . He hopes they 'll take it and vote for him . Will he win ? That 's still up in the air .	Independent candidate runs for seat in India 's general election dressed as a superhero Gaurav Sharma can scale a tall building in less than 20 minutes Politician plans to tackle basic issues like education , water and power if elected
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Pop star George Michael was cautioned by police in London after being arrested in public toilets on suspicion of possessing drugs , the UK 's Press Association reported . George Michael has talked candidly about drug use in the past . In a statement , the Metropolitan Police said a 45-year-old man had been arrested in the Hampstead Heath area of London on Friday . He was later released with a caution for possession of class A and class C drugs . The statement did not name Michael , but other sources confirmed his identity . Reports Sunday said Michael had been arrested following a tip-off to police from a suspicious toilet attendant , PA said . The 45-year-old , who has sold more than 100 million records worldwide , has talked openly about his use of drugs in the past . In an inteview with the BBC last year he admitted : "  I 'm a happy man and I can afford my marijuana so that 's not a problem . " Last May he pleaded guilty to driving while unfit through drugs and was banned from driving for two years after being found slumped behind the wheel of his car .	George Michael cautioned after being arrested for drugs in London public toilet Pop star was released with a caution for possession of class A , class C drugs Press reports claim police were tipped off by a suspicious toilet attendant
Cartagena , Colombia  CNN  -- Police dressed in black burst through a door , opening fire and rushing toward a man crouched in the corner . "  We are the National Police , " one officer says . "  Stay calm . " The men in black are members of an elite anti-terrorism unit of Colombia 's National Police . And the recent hostage rescue simulation -- which used live ammunition and high-tech weapons -- was part of more than a year of training to prepare for the Summit of the Americas , which will draw 33 heads of state and government from across the Western Hemisphere to Cartagena , Colombia , this weekend . More than 7,600 police officers and thousands more troops are set to be deployed in the walled colonial city as part of stepped up security for the summit , which started Monday with a youth conference . Submarines are patrolling in the coastal waters near the city , officials said . From the air , armed helicopters will be hovering at the ready . On land , snipers in strategic locations throughout the city will be watching for suspicious activity 24 hours a day during the summit . Anti-explosive robots and radiation detectors are also part of the stepped-up security detail . "  We have equipment to neutralize any type of threat , " National Police Maj. Giovani Riano said . From a hidden command post , police will monitor images of the city , using images from 500 cameras , officials said . Intelligence agencies from 27 countries are sharing information as part of the security operation , said Gen. Jose Leon Riano , deputy director of the National Police . Journalist Fernando Ramos and CNN 's Patricia Janiot contributed to this report .	Colombian authorities have stepped up security for the Summit of the Americas Police simulate a hostage rescue as part of training for the event 33 heads of state from across the Western Hemisphere are scheduled to attend "  We have equipment to neutralize any type of threat , " a police major says
CNN  U.S. teenager Mikaela Shiffrin successfully defended her slalom title at the Alpine World Ski Championships in Beaver Creek , Colorado , Saturday by the slimmest of margins . The hometown favorite edged out Sweden 's Frida Hansdotter by just 0.34 seconds , securing a combined time of 1 minute 38.48 seconds over two runs . Shiffrin scored the fastest first run time by 0.4 seconds but had to make up 0.38 seconds in the closing stages of her second outing to take gold and ensure she matched her medal-winning achievements of Schladming in 2013 . The 19-year-old , who is also the reigning Olympic slalom champion , becomes the first woman to successfully defend a world title in the discipline since Croatia 's Janica Costelic did so in 2005 . Sarka Strachova of the Czech Republic finished 0.43 sec back of Hansdotter to claim the final podium spot . Shiffrin 's win marked the second gold for the U.S. at the championships following Ted Ligety 's giant slalom victory Friday . "  It 's pretty crazy now that I think about it , " Shiffrin told the official U.S. ski team website . "  Just before my second run , I started to convince myself how much I wanted to win this race . It 's about the process ; it 's about the turns . I 'm happy . " Sunday saw the conclusion of the championships with the men 's slalom and gold for France 's Jean-Baptiste Grange , who regained the title he won in 2011 . Baptiste clocked an aggregate time of one minute 57.47 seconds over the two runs to beat German skier Fritz Dopfer by 0.35 seconds . Another German , World Cup slalom leader Felix Neureuther took the bronze . They all benefited from a lapse by overall World Cup points leader Marcel Hirscher of Austria , who was fastest on the first leg , but skied off the course second time down when looking set to win his second gold in Colorado .	Mikaela Shiffrin wins gold in the ladies slalom at the Alpine World Ski Championships U.S. teenager becomes first woman to successfully defend a slalom world title in 10 years Second U.S. gold after Ted Ligety in giant slalom NEW : Jean-Baptiste Grange wins concluding men 's slalom at championships
CNN  -- I would n't normally pay much attention to a sports star , even a Fighting Irish hero . But it 's more than just a story about a sports star , is n't it ? The story of Manti Te'o and his putative online dead girlfriend  may she , or this tale , rest in peace  has a kind of oily vodka shimmer to it that transcends hypothetical naked ambition for the Heisman Trophy and girlfriends with leukemia . I do n't know whether any of the story is true ; if some shred holds up , my condolences to all involved . But what I note about it is the flash of winking mirrors , the reflections that stand in for authenticated reality . Yes , here I 'm going to say "  Mirror , Mirror , on the wall , " but the mirror really is n't on the wall , but on the desktop or the portable device . Those fine frangible screens , when dropped , can maintain their structure , though stricken with a jag like lightning . The screens are meant to be our windows to the world , but all too often they are only mirrors , reflecting back what we want to see . Not the great and the good , not even the best and the brightest , but merely the brightest . Somewhere in these flashing mirrors , we mistake the flash-lit celebrity , the lightning-strike story , for confirmed reality . We the readers of online news , and we the readers of e-mails , Twitter and favorite blogs do it , too . We 've grown used to living without reality coordinates that can be tested not with further keystrokes but with a good swift kick to the tires . We would n't buy a car without test-driving it , and we ought not to rely on the flash of mirrors for our take on reality . There is too little focal depth in staring at a mirror . Opinion : Does Te'o story make you laugh or cry ? That 's what drove Snow White 's old Queen mad . She did n't get out enough . She ought to have stopped texting herself and gone to a football game . She ought to have remembered that real news , even real gossip , begins in what is observed firsthand , not secondhand . She would have said , "  Where is this wonderful sick girlfriend ? " If Te'o is not an active agent in some cold-blooded scam , she might have met him in his locker room to tell him what she thought of his lady love , or of her absence in the woods .  Not sent a text message . As a novelist , I 'm a professional liar . It 's my job to try to make the improbable seem plausible . My chiefest tool is making readers see themselves in the mirror of the tale . If I can pull that off , they 're hooked . Can you picture Manti Te'o getting ready for the showers and being accosted by an old hag with a basket of apples ? If you can , even for a moment , I 've worked a certain spell , and I 've hooked you with my flashing mirror , but I have n't told the truth . Maybe you can only see Manti Te'o trying to wipe the steamy mirror over the locker room sink clear of fog so he can say , "  Who 's the best player of us all ? " We should all try wiping away the fog more often . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gregory Maguire .	Gregory Maguire : In the Manti Te'o "  hoax " story there is the flash of mirrors , not reality He says screens are meant to be windows to world , they often reflect what we want to see He says we 've grown used to believing , not testing stories buzzing on our smartphones Maguire : Good stories make improbable seem plausible . We should question them more
CNN  -- Organizers of the music festival in rural Illinois where Tila Tequila was attacked last weekend said they warned the reality TV star that it was dangerous for her to take the stage . The former Playboy model and singer "  seemed to mock and further antagonize the crowd " by exposing her breasts , the organizers said in a statement Wednesday . Tequila was cut and bruised when the "  Gathering of the Juggalos " audience pelted her with rocks and bottles , eventually chasing her from the stage . She has vowed to force the festival into bankruptcy with a lawsuit . The annual event attracts mostly young fans of the hip-hop group Insane Clown Posse . Tequila , who was performing rap songs from her upcoming album , was eventually chased from the festival grounds by the fans , who refer to themselves as juggalos and juggalettes . Cuts on her face required stitches . And her body is covered with bruises , Tequila said . A written statement from organizers and Insane Clown Posse called the violence "  extremely unfortunate , " but it said "  Juggalo Gathering , LLC and Insane Clown Posse are not responsible . " "  Ms. Tequila was made aware , in advance , of her unpopularity with many Juggalos at the Gathering , but she insisted on performing , " the statement said . She was paid in advance and told she could keep the money if she decided not to perform and that "  she could leave the stage the minute that she felt uncomfortable , " organizers said . Tequila did say in an interview Monday that she was told just before the show that there could be violence and that she did not have to take the stage . Video obtained by CNN showed Tequila standing her ground on stage for several minutes , continuing to perform her songs while several bodyguards tried to protect her . "  I 'm not going anywhere , " she shouted back . The organizers said Tequila should have realized when "  the crowd began to boo heavily and throw garbage " that "  she was not welcome . " "  Her injuries were only sustained because of her refusal to leave the stage , " they said . The assault subsided briefly when comedian Tom Green , who had performed earlier , diverted the crowd 's attention with a dance . After Green left the stage , a large rock soared from the crowd , striking Tequila 's face . Blood streamed down her cheek . "  After several minutes , she even removed her top , exposing herself , which seemed to mock and further antagonize the crowd , " the organizers said . "  Finally , Gathering security pulled her off of the stage . " Tequila , in a message posted on her Twitter account Wednesday , defended taking off her top : "  If your face was drippin in blood , and your shirt was smeared in human feces and piss , umm im pretty sure you would take ur dam top off too ! " Among her Twitter messages was this dig at the juggalos : "  The only dumb thing I admit to doing , was actually showing the Juggalos LOVE . Which they know nothing about . " Green described a mob of hundreds chasing Tequila from the stage and surrounding a trailer where she sought refuge . They rocked the trailer and smashed its windows , he said . Tequila eventually escaped , but only after windows in her sports utility vehicle were smashed , according to the Hardin County Sheriff Tom Seiner . Seiner said he has an open investigation . It would be "  very hard " to identify the attackers , the sheriff said . The incident involving Tequila was not the only violence at the festival early Saturday . Seiner said a 49-year-old Georgia man was arrested as a suspect in the stabbing of another man in the abdomen just hours earlier .	Tequila 's breasts antagonized juggalos , organizers say Insane Clown Posse : She could 've kept her money without taking the stage Tequila suffered cuts and bruises during the show She has threatened to sue "  Gathering of the Juggalos " organizers
Washington  CNN  -- A 19-year-old Virginia teenager who says he was kidnapped and tortured by Kuwaiti authorities and placed on a "  no-fly " list that prevented him from going home has returned to the United States and been reunited with his family . FBI agents questioned Gulet Mohamed after his plane landed at Dulles International Airport in suburban Washington early Friday , said his attorney , Gadeir Abbas . That questioning ended , and the teen was subsequently cleared through customs . Mohamed 's family greeted him with balloons and a dozen roses . Mohamed 's lawyers argued that as a U.S. citizen , Mohamed had a right to be in the United States , and that the government had provided no reason for including him on the no-fly list . Federal prosecutors later told a judge they were making arrangements to allow the teenager to return to the United States . Mohamed , a Muslim-American from Alexandria , Virginia , is suing the U.S. government over the alleged detention . Mohamed had been trapped in Kuwait for nearly a month , according to a lawsuit filed Tuesday in federal court in Virginia . No-fly lists were set up to protect Americans against potential threats . They are designed to prevent terrorist suspects from boarding planes to and from the United States . But Abbas says in the lawsuit that the United States impeded his client 's basic right to return and live freely in the country . Abbas is a staff attorney for the Council on American-Islamic Relations . "  Mohamed , who was previously prevented from boarding a flight to the United States , has alleged that he was tortured while in detention in Kuwait and has faced unconstitutional coercion to answer questions by FBI agents who ignored his repeated requests for legal representation , " the statement also said . Mohamed 's return came after a hearing Tuesday in U.S. District Court in Alexandria . Judge Anthony J. Trenga told the government that it should make arrangements to allow Mohamed to return unless it could produce evidence against him . The lawsuit says Mohamed came to the United States from Somalia with his family when he was 3 , grew up in Virginia and is now a naturalized citizen . In March 2009 , Mohamed 's curiosity led him halfway around the world to visit relatives living overseas and to learn Arabic , according to the lawsuit . He started his journey in Sanaa , Yemen , but then moved to Somalia , where he stayed with relatives for several months . By August he was on his way to Kuwait where an uncle took him in so he could continue his Arabic studies , the suit says . Mohamed followed proper travel procedures , according to the lawsuit , renewing his visitor 's visa twice during his stay in Kuwait . But when he went to Kuwait 's international airport last December to get another 90-day extension , he waited several hours . The lawsuit says Mohamed wrote an e-mail to his brother in Virginia while he waited , saying the process was taking longer than usual . That was the last time anyone heard from him for a week , the suit says . According to the lawsuit , Mohamed says he was approached at the airport by two men who handcuffed and blindfolded him . They drove him to another location in an SUV . Mohamed claims he was beaten , tortured and interrogated over the next week . The lawsuit describes him being whipped , threatened with electrocution and questioned by captors who had private information about his family in the United States . They also questioned him about his relationship with Anwar al-Awlaki , an American-born Muslim cleric who has close ties to al Qaeda and who is believed to be in Yemen . Mohamed 's lawyer says Mohamed denies any link to al-Awlaki . Mohamed was transferred to a deportation facility in Kuwait on December 28 , the lawsuit says . He used a fellow detainee 's hidden cell phone and was able to contact his family and retain a CAIR attorney . According to the lawsuit , Kuwaiti officials told Mohamed 's family they were holding him on behalf of the United States . His lawyers say Kuwaiti officials tried to deport Mohamed but were unable to do so because the United States had placed him on the no-fly list . A U.S. official confirmed to CNN that Mohamed is on the list , but would not explain why . U.S. State Department spokesman Philip Crowley denied Mohamed was detained at the behest of the United States . CNN 's Laurie Ure contributed to this report .	NEW : Gulet Mohamed is questioned by FBI , met by family at Dulles International Airport Mohamed , 19 , is suing the U.S. government over the alleged detention . Mohamed had been trapped in Kuwait for nearly a month Mohamed went to the Mideast to visit relatives and to learn Arabic , according to the lawsuit
Melilla  CNN  -- A morning thunderstorm has left the waste ground outside Melilla 's compound for migrants and refugees slick with orange mud . Hanging around under overcast skies , a knot of men -- unshaven and dressed in a motley collection of T-shirts -- watch a convoy of Spanish military vehicles rumble by . They have reached this tiny Spanish enclave in North Africa overland -- from Mali , Syria , Libya and elsewhere . Some just want a better life in Europe ; others are fleeing war . Some have clambered over the three 20-foot  6-meter  fences topped with razor-wire ; others have bought forged Moroccan passports to take advantage of Moroccans ' eligibility to enter Melilla as day-laborers or to trade . But the Spanish authorities fear that among this tide of the helpless may be some intent on bringing jihad to Europe , using the same routes used by people-smugglers across North Africa . The heavy police presence in Melilla -- the military helicopters , armored vehicles and patrol boats -- are part of their response . So are regular police raids on the poor , crowded neighborhood of Cañada , which sits on a hill overlooking the city center , with its elegant art-deco and modernist buildings , its elegant central park along the Avenida de la Democracia and sweep of sandy beaches . ` Not welcome " Foreigners , and especially journalists , are not welcome in Cañada , where at least one wall bears graffiti in support of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria  ISIS  and others urge reclaiming everywhere from Sudan to Iraq as Islamist states . The imam of a mosque in Cañada is not available to talk . We are variously told he is sick or fasting , and are warned not to film in Cañada 's precipitous alleys . The tension is greater than usual following a joint operation by Spanish and Moroccan security agencies last week . Eight men were arrested in the neighboring Moroccan town of Nador . The alleged ringleader of a cell said to have been recruiting would-be jihadists for Iraq and Syria was detained in Cañada . Mohamed Said Mohamed was arrested at his home , within a few hundred yards of the fence that separates Melilla from Morocco . The operation to arrest Mohammed was not without incident . A crowd gathered and threw stones at police in riot gear . At one point , witnesses said , police fired in the air as they tried to extricate Mohamed . Everything you need to know about ISIS Spanish police would also like to arrest his brother , Said Mohamed Zakarias , a former Spanish soldier trained in using explosives . After leaving the army in 2010 , Zakarias headed south to Mali , where he joined the jihadist group MUJAO , an offshoot of al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb . In early 2012 , MUJAO and other groups occupied nearly half of Mali , before French intervention drove them back into pockets of the Sahara . Spanish officials believe Zakarias moved onto Syria , and from there was in touch with his brother about recruiting young men from Morocco to join ISIS . The Moroccan government estimates some 2,000 Moroccans have gone to fight in Iraq and Syria , just as hundreds joined the insurgency in Iraq between 2005 and 2009 . Mohamed was swiftly flown to Madrid to face a judge , Javier Bermudes . Denying him bail , Bermudes said Moroccan authorities determined that two men from the cell , had gone to an area of Syria and Iraq controlled by ISIS in July . Bermudes also expressed a fear widely held among Spanish officials , saying in his ruling that "  the threat posed by Spaniards or foreigners linked to Spain joining ISIS , or their hypothetical return to our country , is manifestly clear . " This year , Spanish security forces have arrested 44 people - some in Melilla , some in Spain 's other North African enclave of Ceuta , some on the mainland . According to the police , members of a Melilla group rounded up in May had dispatched 26 men -- 24 Moroccans and two Spanish citizens -- since 2012 to join Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb and MUJAO . The migrants ' center in Melilla is overcrowded , and according to some subsisting there , increasingly unhygienic . Designed to accommodate some 400 people , CETI holds more than 2,000 . The Madrid government 's representative in Melilla , Abdelmalik El Barkani . told CNN Tuesday that the conditions at the CETI were not ideal , but the care of migrants was adequate . "  Even though there are many more over the capacity , they have had all necessities covered , and they have been able to eat , " he said . "  I believe that there they are much better than before they arrived in Melilla , " El Barkani said . Other illegal migrants live on Melilla 's streets . It seems a dead-end to many who have risked their lives to gain a toe-hold in Europe . ` Humiliated and abandoned ' Some of the men loitering outside were from Kobani , the Kurdish town on the Syria-Turkey border now under an intense assault from ISIS . Thirty-four-year old Khalid Barazy has been in Melilla more than a month . "  The suffering that we 've been living , it 's impossible for another human to comprehend . For the last two days it 's been raining and we 've been sleeping under it , " he said . "  We escaped death and now we 're imprisoned here . Humiliated and abandoned . An entire people is being slaughtered . We escaped death and no one will grant us refuge . " At once angry and despondent , Barazy added : "  My family are scattered between Turkey and Syria . Some are fighting ISIS , some have fled , some died . " Barazy said that he and others from Kobani had first fled to Turkey but even there felt ISIS ' presence . And so they had embarked on the long journey west . A few of the lucky ones had been able to fly to Algiers and travel overland into Morocco . Others had crossed one conflict zone after another , through Egypt , Libya and Algeria in a journey taking months . Another of the group , Mahmoud Bozan , said he had been smuggled across the border into Morocco and then into Melilla . He was clearly at his wits ' end . "  It cost us catastrophic sums . Some people sold their houses , their furniture to get here . And look where we 've ended up ? I wish we 'd stayed in Syria to kill and be killed . It would be better than the camp here . " Their situation is full of ironies . As Barazy and others languish in Melilla , some from the Spanish territory and the Moroccan towns around it yearn to travel in the opposite direction , to join the war they have fled . They may use the same people-traffickers to help them do so . And according to Moroccan officials jihadist cells often share in those smuggling revenues . Barazy and the hundreds like him trapped in Melilla may gaze wistfully at the ferries leaving for the Spanish mainland while their asylum requests go unanswered or unresolved . What Spain fears is that others in Melilla , or planning to come here , see those ships as a passage to bring terror to Europe .	Melilla is a tiny Spanish enclave in North Africa It is also a makeshift haven for a tide of immigrants hoping to get to Europe Spanish authorities fear that among them may be jihadists aiming for Europe
CNN  -- Britain 's Prince William attended a remembrance service Sunday in Afghanistan 's Helmand Province to honor British and Commonwealth war dead , his press office said in a statement . The prince attended the service at Camp Bastion , the main British military base in Afghanistan , along with Liam Fox , Britain 's Secretary of State for Defense , according to Clarence House . "  Prince William laid a wreath to pay homage to British and Commonwealth sailors , soldiers and airmen who have fallen in battle , " the statement said . Fox and the prince , the second in line to the British throne , also attended a parade and spent the morning meeting with troops from the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force , and visited Camp Bastion 's medical center . "  Remembrance Sunday is a time when the entire country stops to recognize the sacrifices made by the Armed Forces on our behalf , " Fox said in the statement . "  I am extremely proud that Prince William and I could come to Camp Bastion to stand alongside the men and women serving in Afghanistan today . I pay tribute to them and everyone who has served before them in this conflict and others on behalf of the freedoms that the British people enjoy . " Prince William departed for the United Kingdom soon after the Remembrance Day parade , according to Clarence House . The visit was the prince 's second to Afghanistan . He previously visited in April 2008 . William is a search-and-rescue pilot with the Royal Air Force , where he holds the rank of flight lieutenant . He is posted to RAF Valley , the station on the island of Anglesey in north Wales . He is known as Flight Lieutenant Wales within the British air force .	Prince observes Remembrance Sunday ceremony at a British base William also met with troops and visited a medical center The visit is his second to Afghanistan
CNN  There has been a new twist in the curious case of leading golfer Robert Allenby who last month reported being beaten and kidnapped in Hawaii . Hawaii Police have confirmed they have arrested a 32-year-old man on charges of identity theft , attempted theft and unauthorized possession of confidential personal information . But in a press conference , Lieutenant John McCarthy told reporters there was no evidence of a kidnapping or a physical altercation . "  Honolulu police booked a 32-year-old male this afternoon for three counts of second-degree identity theft , three counts of second-degree attempted theft , and one count of unauthorized possession of confidential personal information , " the police statement read . "  The suspect was arrested at the Oahu Community Correctional Center where he was being held on a contempt warrant for an unrelated incident . The male has five previous convictions , including one felony drug conviction . "  Investigators identified numerous unauthorized charges made on Mr. Allenby 's credit cards . The charges were made at various retail and convenience stores on Oahu . "  No additional suspects are being sought , and this case has been turned over to the Office of the Prosecuting Attorney . " Channel Seven in Australia reported that Allenby told them his initial version of events may not have been accurate because he had concussion and was drugged . Australian Allenby did not respond when contacted by CNN . The police also said there was no credible evidence the golfer had visited a strip club , as was reported by several media outlets . Allenby , a four-time winner on the PGA Tour , was in Hawaii for the Sony Open and after missing the cut went out for dinner on Friday 16 January with his caddie Mick Middlemo and another friend . Soon after the incident the 43-year-old said in an interview with the Golf Channel that as he left the wine bar he was approached by a group of men who then attacked him . "  Somebody hit me and I woke up on the streets in the gutter . I 'd been thrown out of the trunk of a car and I 'd been robbed , " said Allenby , who was pictured sporting cuts on his nose and forehead in the interview . "  It was scary , you just never know . You see it in the moves -- I 've seen Taken and Taken 2 and it 's kind of like a spitting image , " he added , referring to the 2008 French thriller that starred Liam Neeson . But a woman who witnessed the incident later told Australian network Nine News that she found Allenby a block from the wine bar and not 10 kilometers away as he had suggested . "  Two homeless people were kicking me -- I do n't know if they were just trying to see if I was alive . But they were trying to take stuff off me , but all I had on me was my clothes , " Allenby explained . "  I started running down the street away from them once I 'd pulled myself together , and this lady was helping me , she was fantastic . " Asked about the golfer 's claims he was beaten , Lieutenant McCarthy said : "  I do n't know what physical altercation you are talking about . "  There is no kidnapping investigation going on . I do n't want to get into the details but his  Allenby 's  story with us has been very consistent . " Allenby released a statement through the PGA Tour on Thursday . "  I want to thank the Honolulu Police Department  HPD  for their ongoing work in this investigation , " he said . "  As I have continually said , these detectives are the best at what they do and I was always confident they would discover what happened . "  I continue to fully cooperate with the HPD and I look forward to this matter being fully resolved . "  I also want to thank the many people who have expressed their support and concern for me in the last month . "	Honolulu police make an arrest in the case of PGA Tour golfer Robert Allenby Allenby had claimed he was kidnapped , beaten , robbed and dumped out of town Suspect arrested on identity theft charges but police say they are n't investigating any kidnap Allenby reported as saying he may have been mistaken because he was concussed
CNN  -- Duwon Steven Clark is standing on the white rock patio , just to the right of the now-silent cannons of Ghana 's Cape Coast Castle , trying to get himself around a memory he never had . Clark , a 21-year old Haitian-American student at Florida A&M University , came to Cape Coast to find his great ancestors , men and maybe women whose names he does n't , and likely , wo n't ever know . What he found here was so much better , and so much worse . "  I just took a quick minute to look at the water crashing up against this castle , " he says . "  It 's just overwhelming . " Clark stares out at the sea , as if trying to figure the route the slave ships carrying his ancestors sailed from the shores of West Africa to Haiti , to the "  New World . " He is in Ghana studying abroad at the University of Ghana , trying , he tells me , "  to get that African experience , that experience of being home and being connected and learning about where I came from and where my ancestors came from . " Below his feet and all around him , he is finding diabolical answers . Tortuous voyage Our guide tells us that between the late 17th and early 19th centuries , some three million West African slaves -- many traded to the British by African tribes -- were shipped out to the Americas from this ironically picturesque , fading white prison . Four in 10 never survived the tortuous transoceanic voyage , crammed barely alive in the hull below the deck . Here one learns , just surviving to get on board was a victory of the human spirit . Our guide takes our small group from the sunny bright patio into the tunnel that leads to the men 's dungeons . In one dungeon , Clark studies the thick stone walls and looks toward the two tiny windows high up near the ceiling at the end of the room . He hears each word the guide says , grabs the words as they hang in the musty air : "  They put about 1,000 men at a time in this room , no light . Many went blind . They had to go on the floor , and live in it . " There 's only a small channel running through the center of the room , their sewer . "  See this patch on the floor here ? " our guide says . "  This is what 's left of human excrement , 300 years-old . "  This is what they lived in , died in . " The average stay was two to six months . Clark tells me , "  1,000 men . How did they lie down to sleep ? How could they bear the smell ? " The guide says : "  Some slept sitting , others in rows , their heads between the legs of their fellows . After a while , they had no senses anymore . They were chattel . " Clark sees a lot in the dungeon 's darkness . "  I was just standing there in the dungeon room , " he says , "  and I was thinking , how many songs were sung to get them through the night ? How many tears fell ? How many solemn prayers were enough ? " The ` lucky ones ' Prayers indeed . The British built their church directly above the men 's dungeons . Our guide says the slaves likely could hear the Sunday prayers . In the women 's dungeons , much smaller , the guide tells us , some 400 female slaves were kept . "  Can anyone tell me why they had women slaves ? " he asks . Clark listens , the words hang , suspended across centuries . The guide : "  Breeding . Slave buyers in the Americas wanted to make sure their slaves could produce more slaves , so they sent some women too . " A few women became the "  lucky ones . " When the castle 's commander wanted companionship , the soldiers would march the women into the courtyard , and from a walkway above , the commander would pick one out . She was washed and brought to him . If she got pregnant , she was sent to a house in town and taken care of , and her mulatto child was sent to school and treated well . The words come slowly to Clark . "  So the "  lucky ones , " he pauses , taking a breath of repulsed recognition . "  Those were the ones who were raped . They were the "  lucky ones . " Later , I realize this experience is so different for Clark than it is for most tourists , who are shocked by the barbarity but ultimately , one step removed . For them , it is history . But for Clark , it is personal . "  I ca n't feel disconnected , " he explains . "  These are the people you heard stories about , the people who came through your grandmother , your great grandfather , your great uncles -- these are the people who I came through . " Condemned cell We cross the patio and walk into another room , small , tight , the walls made of thick stone , no windows . The guide closes the door and all light disappears . A few people quickly become uncomfortable . After a few seconds , he opens the door , and light pours back in . He explains this is the "  Condemned Cell , " where they put slaves who resisted . He says they threw them in here , behind three locked doors , and just left them , with no food , no water , no ventilation . On the floor and lower walls , you can see scratch marks . Clark thinks of those slaves , their last scrawls of hope and life , vanishing in the darkness , as they brutally died . Clark says he feels helpless , angry . He wants to do something , anything , but time is the insurmountable obstacle . "  I wonder what I could have done to help that person make it through the night , " he says , "  to help him through that moment when he felt it was so necessary to scrape the ground . " And lastly , we walk toward the infamous door , the "  Door of No Return . " This is the doorway where slaves were led , to be loaded on to ships , their last moments in their native land . As we walk toward the Door down the corridor , the guide points off to the right , to a deep tunnel where the slaves were walked . He explains they never came to the surface , instead led through tunnels from the dungeons to the sea . Clark steps through the Door and looks out . Our guide explains , in those days , the water came right up to the door . Now it has receded several dozen meters . But for Clark , the water , the reality , is still right at his feet . ` So much anger ' I asked him what he would say to those who ran this place . He looks down , seems to shake slightly . "  Anger , just so much anger . But I would have so many questions why . No religion , no amount of wealth , nothing can amount or perpetuate or give you that confidence or okay to think that it 's okay to do this to another human being . I would just want to know why . " I asked him what he would say to his ancestors , who survived this place and the journey by ship to live in the Americas as slaves , still strong enough there to make a family , to give him life centuries later . "  I would say , hold on . What you 're going through is not going to last long . " Clark named American civil rights leaders Dr. Martin Luther King Junior and Malcolm X , Congolese independence leader Patrice Lumumba , and Ghana 's first president Kwame Nkrumah . "  It 's up to us to carry on the legacy of those who came after our ancestors . " Unfinished story For Clark , Cape Coast , and other slave forts like it up and down what they used to call the "  Gold Coast , " is a story that is not finished . It is making him something better . "  Being here today is going to enable me to step into those lanes I was afraid to step into before , and just walk proud , to not be afraid to go after those things that I hope for and to stand for those rights I dream of . " He says he owes that to his ancestors who survived , and that it is a way of telling those who ran this place -- they did not win . Act of liberation For Clark , what happened here centuries ago , is very much a part of the present . Clark is angry , yes , but this visit is also an act of liberation . In the early 2000s , the bones of two African slaves were repatriated from their U.S. graves to Cape Coast Castle . They were carried back from the beach through the Door of No Return . Our guide says , on that day , the horrific spell was finally broken . A sign over the door as one walks back through now says simply , "  Door of Return . " Clark walks back through it too . "  Just make sure whatever you 're doing is for the right , for the just , and it 's always positive , " he says . He tells me he leaves with a new purpose : To walk back through the Door , to carry his ancestors back through it , every day of his life . The International Center for Journalists and the Media Foundation for West Africa sponsored David Gurien 's reporting trip to Ghana .	Haitian American Duwon Steven Clark returned to Ghana in search of his ancestors He visited Cape Coast Castle , one of more than two dozen "  slave castles " on the coast Four out of 10 West African slaves shipped to the Americas never survived the journey Clark 's ancestors did . He says his presence at the castle shows the slavers did not win
Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling says he 's sorry but feels he was "  baited " to make racist comments , nearly two weeks after the NBA fined him and banned him for life for his remarks in a recorded conversation . "  When I listen to that tape , I do n't even know how I can say words like that . ... I do n't know why the girl had me say those things , " he told CNN 's Anderson Cooper in an exclusive interview set to air on Monday . "  You 're saying you were set up ? " Cooper asked . "  Well yes , I was baited , " Sterling said . "  I mean , that 's not the way I talk . I do n't talk about people for one thing , ever . I talk about ideas and other things . I do n't talk about people . " Sterling , an 80-year-old married lawyer and billionaire real-estate investor , has n't spoken publicly about the accusations since celebrity gossip website TMZ posted a 10-minute audio recording of him that drew widespread condemnation from fans , players and the league . In that audio clip , Sterling chastised friend V. Stiviano for posting pictures online of her posing with African-Americans , including basketball Hall of Famer Earvin "  Magic " Johnson . The recording triggered a firestorm that led to Sterling 's lifetime ban from the NBA and a $ 2.5 million fine . NBA Commissioner Adam Silver has asked the other 29 owners to force Sterling , the longest-tenured owner in the league , to sell the Clippers . "  I 'm not a racist , " Sterling told Cooper . "  I made a terrible , terrible mistake . And I 'm here with you today to apologize and to ask for forgiveness for all the people that I 've hurt . " Asked by Cooper why he took so long to say he 's sorry , Sterling said he was "  emotionally distraught . " "  The reason it 's hard for me , very hard for me , is that I 'm wrong . I caused the problem . I do n't know how to correct it , " he said . Sterling said he does n't want his comments to eclipse his lengthy tenure with the NBA . "  I 'm a good member who made a mistake and I 'm apologizing and I 'm asking for forgiveness , " he said . "  Am I entitled to one mistake , am I after 35 years ? I mean , I love my league , I love my partners . Am I entitled to one mistake ? It 's a terrible mistake , and I 'll never do it again . " Now , Sterling said , his fate is in the league 's hands . "  If the owners feel I have another chance , then they 'll give it to me , " he said . ' I thought she liked me ' Last week , another audio recording surfaced online , allegedly showing Sterling trying to add context to the racist comments that got him banned from the league . In that recording , Sterling purportedly explained that his comments were driven by jealousy . "  The girl is black . I like her . I 'm jealous that she 's with other black guys . I want her . So what the hell , can I in private tell her , you know , ' I do n't want you to be with anybody ' ? " the man purported to be Sterling said in that recording , according to RadarOnline . On Sunday , Sterling told CNN that in the recording "  I spoke to a girl that I was fond of . " Stiviano told ABC News earlier this month that the recorded conversation was similar to many she 's had with Sterling about race . "  There 's been a number of occasions where Mr. Sterling and I had conversations just like this one , " she said . "  Part of what the world heard was only 15 minutes . There 's a number of other hours that the world does n't know . " Sterling told CNN he 's not sure who released the recording . "  I do n't know . An 80-year-old man is kind of foolish , and I 'm kind of foolish . I thought she liked me and really cared for me , " he said . "  I guess being 51 years older than her , I was deluding myself . ... I just wish I could ask her why , and if she was just setting me up . " Sterling says he 's spoken with Magic Johnson Referring to Johnson , Sterling purportedly said on the recording : "  Admire him , bring him here , feed him , f**k him , but do n't put  Magic  on an Instagram for the world to have to see so they have to call me . And do n't bring him to my games . " As criticism over the recording spread , Johnson was among the first to say that Sterling should be forced to sell the team . "  He should n't own a team any more . And he should stand up and say , ' I do n't want to own a team any more , ' " Johnson said in an ABC pregame show interview last month . Sterling told CNN he 's spoken twice with Johnson . "  Did you apologize to him ? " Cooper asked . "  If I said anything wrong , I 'm sorry , " Sterling said . "  He 's a good person . I mean , what am I going to say ? Has he done everything he can do to help minorities ? I do n't think so . But I 'll say it , he 's great . But I do n't think he 's a good example for the children of Los Angeles . " Will owners force sale ? The matter of the team 's sale is with the NBA 's Advisory/Finance Committee , which met Wednesday in a conference call . Members discussed the "  termination of Mr. Sterling 's ownership of the team , " the NBA said in a news release . The committee will meet again next week , the statement said . NBA 's strategy to force a sale hinges on 1981 document If the case proceeds to a full vote , 75 % of the owners would have to approve the forced sale . However , an attorney for Donald Sterling 's estranged wife , Shelly , told CNN Friday that she wants to keep her 50 % stake in the team . "  She wants to remain a passive owner , " said attorney Pierce O'Donnell . "  She 's not going to want to manage the team . She 's going to want a very skilled , professional , well-heeled new owner to come in and replace Donald , " O'Donnell said . "  She only wants to own the team in her lifetime . She 's 79 years old . At this point , she 's earned it . She 's been an owner for 33 years , and she 's an avid fan . " In an interview with ABC News on Sunday , Shelly Sterling said she was prepared to fight any attempt by the NBA to take away her stake in the team . "  I will fight that decision , " she told ABC 's Barbara Walters . "  To be honest with you , I 'm wondering if a wife of one of the owners , and there 's 30 owners , did something like that , said those racial slurs , would they oust the husband ? Or would they leave the husband in ? " NBA spokesman Mark Bass said in a statement after the ABC interview aired that what happens if the owners vote for a forced sale is already spelled out in the NBA Constitution . "  Under the NBA Constitution , if a controlling owner 's interest is terminated by a 3/4 vote , all other team owners ' interests are automatically terminated as well . It does n't matter whether the owners are related as is the case here , " he said . "  These are the rules to which all NBA owners agreed to as a condition of owning their team . " Sterling vs. the NBA : Who has the edge ? Sterling purportedly says jealousy behind racist comments	The NBA says all owners ' interests in the team could be terminated Donald Sterling tells Anderson Cooper , "  I was baited . ... That 's not the way I talk " "  I 'm not a racist . I made a terrible , terrible mistake , " he says "  If the owners feel I have another chance , then they 'll give it to me , " he says
Imagine sitting at a conference roundtable and being able to look out on the turquoise sea for inspiration . At lunch , you steal away to sunbathe on deck . That night , after a featured speaker presentation , you 'll watch a cabaret . Tomorrow , you 'll spend a few hours on Grand Cayman . This is what a corporate retreat should look like , some meeting planners say , and companies , large and small , are catching on . They 're choosing cruises as venues for corporate meetings , events and conferences . Eight percent of companies surveyed by research firm PhoCusWright last year listed cruise ships as their first choice for a meeting venue -- up from 6 % in 2009 . Interest is growing partly because , when comparing apples to apples -- including meals , entertainment , presentation equipment and meeting space -- an all-inclusive cruise ship event saves 20 to 30 % on cost , according to cruise event services company Landry & Kling . Cruising builds in the social and excursion time needed to get a clear head , generate fresh thinking and share new experiences with colleagues . "  There have been a lot of organizations that deleted or deferred meetings and want to do something to get their momentum back up , " says Jo Kling , co-founder and CEO of Landry & Kling . "  Taking people to an environment they do n't go often or have never been shifts the perspective all together . They 're not in a  dark  hotel ballroom ... thinking , ` Here we go again . ' " Business has picked up nicely since the 2008 economic downturn and the "  AIG effect " socked the meeting industry , Kling says . Her company expects to double its 2010 business next year . Companies have access to amenities on cruise ships they might not otherwise be able to afford for a retreat -- nightly entertainment , happy hours , floral arrangements , audio/visual equipment , and personally chosen meals rather than preplanned banquet platters . "  It just disappears from your budget altogether , " Kling says . Corporations working with good cruise lines also need fewer on-site staff to run events , says Sandra Daniel , CEO of FIRE Light Group , an incentive travel and marketing firm . "  The contracts for cruise programs are often more liberal than hotel contracts on attrition clauses and less restrictive cancellation fees , " she adds . "  Most participants appreciate that they have the opportunity to see many destinations , some of them exclusive to the cruise line , but only need to unpack once . " And to top it off , pricing is usually in U.S. dollars , even when traveling abroad . The types of events held on cruise ships run the gamut , but are mostly incentive trips for salespeople in the insurance , financial , direct selling and manufacturing fields . Cruise ships are also venues for continuing education courses , product launches and national meetings . Landry & Kling 's list of cruise customers includes Microsoft , Aflac , Harley-Davidson , Land O'Lakes , Mastercard International and MetLife . Companies can book part of a ship or arrange a full , private charter , depending on their size . Meetings at sea may not be such a good fit for large association meetings , which may require hundreds of breakout rooms . Cruising has become increasingly accessible for companies in the last decade as "  loads of new ships " have entered the market , Kling says , with about 27 gateways in the U.S. , including Boston ; New York ; Norfolk , Virginia ; Charleston , South Carolina ; and Galveston , Texas . About 70 % of people live within a five-hour drive of a cruise port , she adds . To accommodate increasing demand , Landry & Kling launched Seasite.com , an online portal dedicated to cruise meetings and events , to allow corporate planners to send custom electronic Requests For Proposals to five cruise lines and negotiate directly for group pricing . But the movement is still small . About 25 to 35 % of Royal Caribbean 's business is group business , and corporate groups are a small piece of that , says Lori Cassidy , the cruise line 's director of charters and incentives .  She would n't say exactly what percentage is corporate business . But cruise lines are interested in attracting more corporate business because the lead time is longer , allowing them to commit their space well in advance , Kling says . "  You are starting to see more cruise lines reaching out to corporate America . We have a fleet of 22 ships that were purposefully built with conference centers , " Cassidy says . Corporate trips on Royal Caribbean are mostly three - to five-night programs in the Caribbean , Alaska and Europe , with some shorter cruises out of South Florida . Meeting planners express concerns about seasickness and the inability to get on and off at leisure . Daniel says the first is rarely an issue with today 's large , smooth-moving ships . Cassidy and Kling say the latter is an advantage . "  It 's a captive audience . There 's nowhere for  attendees  to go , " Cassidy says . As a result , the environment is more comfortable , the speaker wo n't disappear , and attendees wo n't skip sessions to golf instead . Everyone goes their own way for dinner during many hotel retreats , but not on a cruise ship . Laura LaBelle , chief operating officer of modeling agency Barbizon USA , said her company opted to host two 2,000-person events on a cruise ship out of its base of Tampa , Florida , instead of holding its usual land-based Los Angeles and New York events , because it could offer a similar event for about half the price . The response from participants has been great , LaBelle says . "  Families had it much easier . They enjoyed going to shows and dressing up . " Corporate meeting planners should do their homework before committing to a group cruise program , Daniel says . For example , some cruise ships have lower quality food and smaller rooms than a land hotel . Organizers should pay attention to how long they will be in port at various destinations and how long they are at sea in between stops . "  There are many cruise lines out there , some of which can provide a 5-star experience . They need not be the wild spring break on-board experience that some may fear , " she adds . "  If you are accustomed to land meetings and have never tried a cruise , it might be something worth considering . " Kling agrees . "  Cruising  is not going to replace hotels , but it 's certainly a nice alternative once in a while , " she says . "  It excites people . " Have you participated in a business cruise ? What did you think of the event ? Share your comments below .	Meetings on cruise ships give participants a fresh outlook , event planners say All-inclusive cruise events can lower costs for host companies Royal Caribbean has 22 ships with conference centers , but corporate business is still small
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- When Barack Obama won the U.S. presidential election in 2008 , people in Islamabad exchanged congratulatory text messages . As he delivered his famous "  yes we can " victory speech in Chicago , people in Islamabad eagerly watched the entire live telecast , cheering or exclaiming every sentence . Some ended up crying tears of joy . Pakistan 's melodramatic response to American politics was exclusive to that time . It was , and still is , an exception rather than the rule . Postcard : Baghdad places little faith in election So far , this year 's U.S. election has only featured in the international news segment of flagship bulletins , the inside pages of English-language newspapers , and the occasional mention on late-night current affairs programs . It is not something people discuss with friends and colleagues . Some feel compelled , because of the nature of their work , to stay informed of world events . There are some whose interests are tied to the decisions made in Washington , D.C. . These are the only people who follow the U.S. election story . The people of whom I speak can loosely be termed the "  civil society " of Islamabad . They are well-meaning people , but people who mean different things . There are students and teachers among them , leftists , modern Islamists , artists and writers , business people and professionals , people who want a revolution in Pakistan now and people who are resigned to the fact that it 's not happening in their lifetime -- and they are very few in number . Postcard : "  Ignore us at your peril , " Afghans say For the middle and lower middle-class majority of Islamabad , the U.S. presidential race is only of marginal interest . The man on Islamabad 's streets is fairly clear in his conviction that the United States is one , or several , of the following : the Satan , the bully , the flag carrier of brutal capitalism , the enemy of Islam , the friend and benefactor of Israel , the blinding light of modernity , the abyss of moral depravity , the ugly face of imperialism , and other epithets given from the pulpit of mosques , pronounced on street banners and graffiti , and echoed in Op-Ed pages of Urdu-language newspapers . It is a measure of success for the anti-U.S. agenda that the public hatred for America overrides facts as conveniently today as it did in the 1980s . Postcard : Athenians fear what follows U.S. election When Salman Rushdie 's novel "  The Satanic Verses " came out -- and was promptly banned by Pakistan -- thousands of people vented their anger against the British author of Indian ancestry  whose book was published in England  by demonstrating at the U.S. mission in Islamabad . When some "  hurtful " cartoons are published in Norway , a few Pizza Huts will be burnt down in Karachi and Lahore . When a man purported to be a Coptic Christian based in the United States makes a cheap spoof of a film about Islam -- presumably to stoke the fire of religious hatred in Middle East -- two dozen Pakistanis die during the ensuing protests , trying to reach American diplomatic and cultural missions in the country . Pakistanis are also quite resigned to the fact that the government in Islamabad -- which is led alternately by the right-leaning Muslim League or the "  progressive " Pakistan Peoples Party  PPP  -- is always more loyal to the United States than its own people , and that every U.S. government -- be it Democrat or Republican -- always supports the military or civilian despots in Islamabad and is therefore always pitted against the common Pakistani . But then 2008 was different . Postcard : Should U.S. raise fist to Cuba ? Pakistanis had just gotten rid of General Pervez Musharraf , and had voted in a PPP-led coalition government . Politicians of all shades were speaking as one for the common man ; reconciliation , consensus , and change were the buzzwords . Democracy was being touted as the best revenge against undemocratic forces . A mass movement , led by lawyers , sought the restoration to office of nearly 60 superior court judges who had been placed under house arrest by Musharraf . The movement was gaining momentum and it seemed only a matter of days before the rule of law was established . Come the election in November and the wind of change blew in the faraway United States as well . The unthinkable happened . Obama -- a black , first generation immigrant -- had been elected to lead the sole superpower . For Pakistanis , the timing and the lead-up to Obama 's victory was too tempting to be ignored as just a coincidence . Pakistan was changing , and the U.S. was changing -- for the better . More : Get latest news at CNN Election HQ The world was finally going to be peaceful and prosperous for all . And what Obama said in Chicago , addressed exclusively to Americans , was taken as spoken to Pakistanis : "  This is our moment . This is our time -- to put our people back to work and open doors of opportunity for our kids , to restore prosperity and promote the cause of peace . " Fast forward to 2012 . Pakistan remains in tatters and without hope . Rampant corruption , pathetic incompetence and callousness towards the plight of the people are the defining attributes of the last episode of Pakistan 's "  return to democracy , " renewing the public 's cyclical appetite for military rule . Across seven seas , Obama 's presidency too has brought disillusionment . In the minds of many Pakistanis , the U.S. has proved to be the same two-faced hypocrite they always thought it was -- defending free speech when it comes to anti-Muslim propaganda like the Mohammed film , yet at the same time condemning anti-Semitism and coming down hard on government whistleblowing website WikiLeaks . Postcard : Why India longs for U.S. election At the same time , U.S-Pakistan relations are at an all-time low . Here in Islamabad , we are where we have always been : A state living on the edge of being labeled a failure , with a population that largely believes America is indeed the Satan , the bully , the oppressor , working in league with our government and our military , against us . Change is a mirage , as they say . Hope is dope . Life is miserable and death comes cheaply . Interest in U.S. elections ? Pakistani politicians will have a hard time getting people interested in their own elections , due in a few months time . Obama can win or lose for all Pakistanis care , against ... what 's the name of his opponent ?	Alam : Islamabad 's "  civil society " keeping tabs on upcoming U.S. election Alam : Average Pakistani has a negative view of America Alam : Many believe Pakistani government is more loyal to U.S. than its own people
Three days after a fatal case of Marburg hemorrhagic fever was diagnosed in Uganda , 99 people have been quarantined in four different locations across the East African country , as field epidemiologists and surveillance officers continue to closely monitor all people who got into contact with only victim . More than 60 health workers form the bulk of people under quarantine after they were identified as having contact with a 30-year old male health worker who died September 28 of Marburg -- an Ebola-like hemorrhagic fever . "  As of today , a total of 99 contacts are under follow up . All the contacts are still in a healthy condition , " Dr. Jane Ruth Aceng , director general for health services in Uganda , said in the latest update on the outbreak on Tuesday . "  The National Taskforce through the field epidemiologists and surveillance officers continues to closely monitor all people who got into contact with this confirmed case , " she noted . The dead health worker was a radiographer in a hospital in the capital of Kampala and also at Mpigi District Health Center IV , places where authorities say he made contact with colleagues . Aceng revealed that at least 11 people have tested negative after results from Uganda Virus Research Institute  UVRI  indicate that although the suspects had developed signs and symptoms similar to that of the disease , they did not contract the virus . "  However , for those who continue to have signs , tests will be run again after three days , " Dr. Aceng said . Among those who tested negative include are the brother of the deceased ; two health workers from a children HIV/AIDS hospital ; seven persons from Mpigi Health Center IV ; and two relatives of the deceased who participated in the burial . "  When he felt ill on September 17 , he traveled back to Mpigi for treatment since he felt more comfortable with a facility that he had worked with for a long time , a duration the disease was spread , " said a statement by health authorities last Sunday . Marburg virus was first identified in 1967 , when 31 people became sick in Germany and Yugoslavia in an outbreak that was eventually traced back to laboratory monkeys imported from Uganda . Since then the virus has appeared sporadically , with just a dozen outbreaks on record , many -- including the current situation -- involving just a single patient . Marburg virus causes symptoms similar to Ebola , beginning with fever and weakness and often leading to internal or external bleeding , organ failure and death . The death rate runs as high as 80 percent , although it was significantly lower in the initial outbreak when patients were cared for in relatively modern , European hospitals . The most recent outbreak , also in Uganda , in 2012 , killed four out of 15 patients , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . On Tuesday , CDC Director Thomas Frieden pointed to the most recent Marburg case as an example of how a deadly virus could be contained . "  We 've done important work in Uganda to help the Ugandans better have a laboratory network so they can find cases , have a response network with disease detectives who can follow up and have an emergency operations center to trace individual cases , " Frieden said . The extensive contact tracing included tracking an embalmer back to Kenya , where he was tested and found not to be infected with Marburg . "  I mention this , because oftentimes in public health , what gets noticed is what happens and it 's hard to see what does n't happen , " Frieden continued , noting that there have so far been no additional cases . "  That may not make headlines , but it does give us confidence that we can control Ebola in West Africa . "	30-year-old male health worker in Uganda dies of Marburg Marburg is an Ebola-like hemorrhagic fever 99 put into isolation At least 11 test negative
CNN  -- Should he stay or should he go ? Manchester United insist Cristiano Ronaldo will still be wearing a red shirt next season but the Portuguese winger , courted by Real Madrid , has refused to rule out a move to Spain . Cristiano Ronaldo has refused to commit himself to Manchester United . Football Fan Zone presents five reasons why Cristiano Ronaldo should stay at Manchester United and five reasons why he should move to Real Madrid . Let us know what you think below . Stay : Loyalty : Manchester United took a huge risk when they signed Ronaldo as an unproven 18-year-old for what seemed a vast sum of $ 25 million in 2003 . Since then , under the tutelage of Alex Ferguson and Carlos Queiroz , Ronaldo has developed from a raw talent more famous for his stepovers into the most effective and consistent player on the planet . United also stood by Ronaldo when he was widely blamed in England for getting his club mate Wayne Rooney sent off during the 2006 World Cup . At 23 , Ronaldo owes his best years to United , the club that has helped him fulfil that potential . He has almost four years left on a contract worth $ 240,000 a week -- making him United 's best paid player -- and he should honor it . Glory : Having dominated the English Premier League for the past two seasons and won last season 's Champions League , Manchester United are a club in the ascendancy . With a young team boasting the attacking talents of Ronaldo and Rooney , outstanding young prospects such as Anderson and Nani and a solid defense built around Rio Ferdinand and Nemanja Vidic , United could be the preeminent force in European football for seasons to come . If football is primarily about winning trophies , rather than money or lifestyle , then Ronaldo should stay where he is . The Premier League : The English Premier League is the most watched football tournament on the planet and increasingly the stage on which the world 's best players want to showcase their talents . It was no coincidence that three of last season 's four Champions League semifinalists came from the EPL . This week the current world footballer of the year , Kaka , has been linked with a big money move to Chelsea . Real Madrid may be the Spanish champions and one of the world 's most famous clubs , but United are currently the biggest club in the biggest league in the world . Continuity : Leaving a club is always a risk and there is no guarantee that a player will settle successfully into a new set-up in a different country , as Thierry Henry has discovered at Barcelona . At Old Trafford , Ronaldo is the undisputed star with a system built around him and teammates working for him . At Real Madrid he would be one ego among many . Real 's Dutch midfielder Wesley Sneijder has already warned that Ronaldo 's arrival on a massively inflated salary would not be welcomed by other squad members : "  It would be bad for the dressing room if he gets a much higher salary than the rest of the squad . It 's not important to me but I know other teammates would not like that at all . " Injury : Having been carrying an ankle injury since March , Ronaldo finally went under the knife earlier this month and is expected to be sidelined until at least October -- long after the summer transfer window has closed . Ronaldo should be concentrating on getting back to full fitness as quickly as possible rather than worrying about a possible transfer . A move to a new club would also likely put him under more pressure to play before he has made a full recovery . Go : A fresh challenge : Ronaldo has achieved everything he can in English football after two near perfect seasons at Old Trafford , winning back-to-back English Premier League titles and player of the year awards and a European Champions League winner 's medal . If the 23-year-old is to continue developing he needs to find new challenges ; what bigger challenge than joining Real Madrid -- the club of the "  Galacticos " -- for a world record transfer fee ? Carlos Queiroz : The former United assistant manager was a big influence on Ronaldo 's career and an important mentor figure . With Queiroz departing to coach the Portuguese national side , will Old Trafford hold the same appeal for his protege ? Ronaldo has said he is prepared to "  upset " Alex Ferguson and admits he has not spoken to the United manager in weeks while apparently taking advice from former national team coach Luis Felipe Scolari -- now managing United 's biggest rivals Chelsea . Money : Real Madrid are apparently prepared to make Ronaldo the most expensive and best paid player in the world . A transfer fee of around $ 140 million would smash the $ 92 million Real paid for Zinedine Zidane in 2001 . On top of that , Ronaldo could command wages of up to $ 400,000 a week . By comparison , United have said they are not prepared to renegotiate Ronaldo 's current deal worth $ 240,000 a week . In an industry driven by money , Ronaldo should go where he can command the highest wages . Lifestyle : It 's a long way from the sun-drenched beaches of Ronaldo 's home island of Maderia to the dreary gray skies of the northwest of England . Madrid may not have any beaches either but at least the weather and the food are more familar and it 's a lot closer to home . As a city , Madrid is far better suited to Ronaldo 's southern European temperament than Manchester . Real Madrid : Manchester United may be big but Real Madrid are in a league all of their own . With nine European Cups and 31 Spanish titles to their name , Madrid 's achievements are unrivalled . Having written himself into Manchester United folklore , Ronaldo has the opportunity to do the same on the Bernabeu pitch once graced by the likes of Francisco Gento , Alfredo di Stefano and Fernec Puskas . Ronaldo may already have done enough to win this year 's world footballer of the year award but a move to Madrid would likely seal that honor : in recent years Luis Figo , Zinedine Zidane , Brazilian striker Ronaldo and Fabio Cannavaro have all won the honor while wearing the most famous white shirt in sport .	Cristiano Ronaldo linked with big move from Manchester United to Real Madrid Move would likely make Portuguese forward the world 's most expensive player United have urged Ronaldo to stay , say moving to Spain would be a mistake Let us know what you think by commenting below
LONDON , England  CNN  -- If mention of The Pirate Bay conjures up images of parrots , peg legs and planks , or geeky jargon like BitTorrent and jailbreak leaves you all at sea , this handy A-Z will help you navigate the choppy waters of the online piracy debate . "  X-Men Origins : Wolverine , " starring Hugh Jackman , was downloaded over a million times after being leaked in early April . The Screening Room 's indispensable lexicon of online piracy will teach you cracking from key generators : You 'll never again be caught out wondering how "  X-Men Origins : Wolverine " fits into warez . A is for anti-piracy Efforts to prevent the illegal transfer and use of copyrighted material -- often spearheaded by corporate associations like the Motion Picture Association of America  MPAA  -- using a variety of digital rights management  DRM  tools like encryption , product keys and serial numbers . Technologically often a step or two behind the pirates , the entertainment industry will sue for breach of copyright . B is for Bill Gates As early as 1976 , Gates wrote an open letter saying that software piracy could be a problem . Ironically , he has since said that Microsoft actually benefited from piracy in China , where over 90 percent of computers use Windows , most copies of which are pirated . The widespread use of Microsoft 's operating system has enabled the software giant to gain pole position in the fast-growing market . C is for cracking Modifying software to remove copy protection -- one of the technologies companies use to prevent unauthorized reproduction of media -- to enable the illegal duplication and proliferation of pirated material on disks and online . Mostly done by hackers , not usually for money but to gain respect within the hacker community . D is for digital rights management  DRM  Access-control technologies used by manufacturers . Most pirating technology is created to circumvent various types of DRM in order to share copyrighted material online . Apple rid its iTunes library of DRM in early April , but is charging users 30 cents per song to upgrade to DRM-free tracks . E is for encryption Originally used by militaries to protect secret message transmissions , encryption allows a user to transform and "  lock " information that , upon transfer , can only be opened by a person who has the right "  key . " Encryption software is one of many anti-piracy measures designed to prevent the spread of copying and transferring copyrighted material . F is for Free Culture movement Led by Harvard law professor Lawrence Lessig , the movement believes restrictive copyright laws are strangling humanity 's creativity . Under Lessig 's "  Creative Commons " organization , the movement is advocating for the free copying and modification of creative works -- and rejecting what they perceive to be the culturally oppressive "  permission culture " of copyright and intellectual property . G is for Global Software Piracy This report by the Business Software Alliance suggested that 35 percent of software installed on PCs worldwide in 2006 was pirated . H is for hackers Hackers "  wiped , " or erased , all the data from the Recording Industry Association of America 's  RIAA  Web site in 2008 . The incident , which exposed serious flaws in the RIAA 's web security , was an embarrassment for the group , which represents the recording industry of the United States . I is for International Federation of the Phonographic Industry  IFPI  According to the IFPI 's 2008 Digital Music Report , up to 80 percent of data traffic via Internet service providers  ISPs  is involved in the illegal transfer of pirated material . J is for jailbreak Mostly commonly associated with the iPhone , it is the practice of downloading illicit software designed to bypass digital rights management , allowing people to upload pirated versions of official iPhone applications for free and use them on their phones . K is for key generators Small programs found on pirate sites that allow users to crack open key-locked software like Microsoft Office or Adobe Photoshop by generating valid serial numbers for pirated copies of software that would otherwise only be included with legitimately purchased copies . L is for Limewire One of the oldest and most popular peer-to-peer  P2P  file sharing clients , Limewire is a free program used to search for and download pirated content . The program has been accused of having massive security gaps and an abundance of "  malware " files , which contain computer viruses that infect users ' computers upon completion of a download . M is for Metallica The first major band to sue for online music piracy in 2000 , Metallica sued file-sharing service , Napster and three U.S. universities for enabling illegal downloading of copyrighted content . The case , which saw the rock group harshly criticized by many of its fans , was eventually settled out of court when Napster agreed to block illegal downloads of the band 's songs . N is for Napster Online music-sharing service created by a college student in Boston in 1999 , which spearheaded the widespread illegal copying and transferring of MP3 music files . A judge shut down the service in 2001 . Napster has since relaunched as a legitimate monthly subscription music site . O is for organized crime International recording industry organization , IFPI and Interpol say there are links between online piracy and organized crime and terrorism , citing examples from South America to South Africa and Eastern Europe to East Asia . P is for P2P More than 20 times as much music is exchanged on peer-to-peer networks as is legally purchased , the Economist magazine wrote in 2008 . BitTorrent is a growing P2P technology that allows the rapid downloading of large , multi-gigabyte files . Q is for quality According to a survey by the auditor Ernst and Young in India , 66 percent of people believe pirated content is of an inferior quality to the original , but 89 percent say they 've used pirated music or films anyway . R is for R4 card A $ 30 Nintendo DS cartridge that can be loaded with hundreds of free , pirated Nintendo games , the R4 card is cheaper than the store price of many single authentic games . S is for Sweden Prosecutors in the country filed suit against The Pirate Bay Web site earlier this year for "  promoting other people 's infringement of copyright laws . " Dubbed the "  Internet piracy trial of the decade " by UK newspaper The Times , the verdict against the site will have massive implications for the future of online file-sharing , but The Pirate Bay 's founders plan to appeal and have previously said that the site will stay up and running . T is for The Pirate Bay A very popular file-sharing Web site primarily used as a linking site to find and download pirated movies , music , video games , applications and more . It tracks BitTorrents -- file sharing protocols that enable big , fast file transfers . The Pirate Bay 's founders have constantly argued that the Web site does not violate copyright law because the site does not host any copyrighted material , but simply provides a service by indexing the BitTorrents . U is for Usenet.com Regarded as a source of much pirated material , this bulletin board site is being sued by the RIAA . Unlike The Pirate Bay , Usenet allows paying customers to download files in a way that is nearly impossible to track . But , like the Swedish site , Usenet has had to defend itself from charges that it encourages its users to violate copyright law . V is for video games The Entertainment Software Association says the industry loses $ 3 billion annually to online piracy . W is for "  Warez " Slang for any movies , music , applications or any other materials being traded in violation of copyright law . X is for "  X-Men Origins : Wolverine " A version of the upcoming blockbuster leaked online in March this year , the film has already been downloaded over a million times . The FBI says it is investigating the source of the leak , and the film 's star Hugh Jackman has spoken out , calling the leak "  a serious crime , " and "  heartbreaking . " Y is for YouTube The ubiquitous video site has been sued by major companies like Viacom for publishing and proliferating unauthorized video content online . YouTube has responded by removing copyrighted content , but popular clips of television programs are often reposted by users as soon as they are taken down . Z is for Zune Microsoft 's answer to the iPod plans to make its entire catalogue of music DRM-free , which will make it even easier to copy and share copyrighted music .	A run-down of the biggest online piracy moments since Napster in 1999 F is for Free Culture , a group that rejects the idea of modern copyright law D is for DRM , technologies companies use to try to restrict online piracy S is for Sweden , where the "  Internet trial of the century " has just concluded
CAMP LEMONIER , Djibouti  CNN  -- U.S. Marines at Camp Lemonier -- the only American military base on the African continent -- spend much of their time vaccinating livestock , repairing schools and giving medical training . Defense Secretary Robert Gates , left , and Rear Adm. James Hart , in Camp Lemonier , December 2007 . The camp , just 10 miles north of the Somali border , began as a French Foreign Legion outpost , but the Djibouti government agreed in 2002 to let the U.S. military establish a base for counterterrorism and humanitarian missions in the Horn of Africa . The 1,800 U.S. troops in Djibouti spend just a fraction of their time on military tasks , such as locating and removing land mines . They conduct civil affairs operations in seven East African countries -- seen as an antidote to extremism . "  If you get at the basic needs of any individual , if you address the basic needs of people , then you have the opportunity to change their mindset , then you have the opportunity to show them that there is something better than doing extreme acts , " said U.S. Army Brig. Gen. Roosevelt Barfield , deputy commander of the Combined Joint Task Force - Horn of Africa . Many of the Marines in Djibouti , a predominantly Muslim country , previously served in Iraq . "  In Iraq , you can just go out and pretty much roll around and you do what you got to do and your mind set is a lot different , " said Marine Cpl. Chad Armstrong . "  Here , this country is a sovereign nation . Their government is established and everything , so there is a lot more working with the governments here . " The military role , though , sometimes upstages the humanitarian mission . Periodic airstrikes of suspected al Qaeda terrorist targets in Somalia , often from U.S. warships , has created animosity among ethnic Somalis in the region . The U.S. military presence in Djibouti underscores the growing importance of Africa to the U.S. military . The United States has created a centralized military command for Africa , U.S. Africa Command , or AFRICOM , which will become fully operational in October . The reluctance of African leaders to host a U.S. military facility , however , has hampered selection of a headquarters location for AFRICOM . Liberia , so far , is the only African country to offer . For now , AFRICOM is based in Stuttgart , Germany .	Camp Lemonier is the only American military base on the African continent The 1,800 U.S. troops conduct civil affairs operations in seven East African countries Their humanitarian mission is seen as an antidote to extremism
BANGKOK , Thailand  CNN  -- A Bangkok Airways plane crashed at an airport at a resort island in Thailand , killing the pilot and injuring 37 people Tuesday , aviation officials said . Rescue workers inspect the Bangkok Airways plane at Samui airport on Thailand 's Ko Samui . The plane carrying 68 people and four crew members skidded and then crashed after landing at Koh Samui airport , officials with the civil aviation department said . The ATR-72 turboprop had taken off from the town of Krabi on the west coast Thailand for its trip to the resort island of Koh Samui . Air traffic control warned the pilot of volatile winds before the plane landed , aviation officials said . Seven people were seriously injured and emergency officials were working to free the plane 's co-pilot who was trapped in the plane , officials said . CNN 's Dan Rivers contributed to this report .	Officials : Plane skidded and then crashed after landing at Koh Samui airport Bangkok Airways ATR-72 turboprop carrying 68 people , four crew members Air traffic control warned the pilot of volatile winds before the plane landed
CNN  -- Melissa Earll owns stacks of classic comic books , baseball cards that include a young Hank Aaron and Whitey Ford and other collectibles she wants to sell . But she ca n't do so on eBay , she says . According to Earll , the popular auction site ca n't confirm her as a seller because she 's deaf . "  eBay keeps me from taking advantage of opportunities that other people have and it 's because I could n't hear , " Earll , of Nevada , Missouri , told CNN affiliate WDAF-TV . "  Somebody has to have the courage to stand up and say ` this is not right . ' " At issue , according to Earll , is the way the auction site verifies sellers . eBay says it offered Earll alternative ways of verifying her identity . But the dispute casts a light on a bigger question that some experts say may need to go all the way to the Supreme Court : Just how responsive must the Internet be to the Americans With Disabilities Act ? The Internet has long been seen as an equalizer , granting everyone the same access to information regardless of cultural background or economic status . But for some users with disabilities , it 's not so simple . "  The ADA was signed in 1990 . The Internet did n't really start going until the 1990s , " said William D. Goren , a Decatur , Georgia , attorney who specializes in cases involving the federal law . "  This is a topic we 're going to have to be watching . This is not going away . " In Earll 's case , she says she ca n't use eBay 's verification system , which requires sellers to retrieve and submit a password from a telephone call . She ca n't hear the password and says eBay does n't use voice-to-text or other technologies deaf people often rely upon . "  They said , can your mom or dad answer the phone for you , " said Earll , who lip-reads and speaks with the assistance of a hearing aid . "  And I said , I 'm a 47-year-old adult woman . No . I do n't live at home . No . " A federal judge did n't agree with her argument , though . U.S. District Judge Edward Davila dismissed her complaint after finding it lacked enough facts . Specifically , he said Earll did n't prove that she tried to register as a seller after talking to eBay about a possible solution . "  eBay is pleased with the court 's decision to dismiss the case , " company spokeswoman Kari Ramirez said in a written statement . "  eBay strives to provide all users with the best customer experiences possible , including those with special access needs . eBay will continue to stand ready to assist those who are deaf or hard of hearing become eBay sellers . " Earll is appealing that ruling . Little legal agreement eBay is the most high-profile website to be involved in a disabilities discrimination case since Netflix , which last year agreed to caption all of its online movies and other shows by 2014 . The move , which the National Association for the Deaf called "  a model for the streaming video industry , " came after Netlix was hit with a 2010 class-action suit because not all of its films were subtitled . A federal judge in Massachusetts ruled in the plaintiffs ' favor , saying any new laws regarding the Internet should "  complement , not supplant " the Americans With Disabilities Act . "  The Disability Rights Education & Defense Fund , " which handled the case , "  hopes that this is the beginning of opening the Internet for deaf and hard-of-hearing individuals in streamed entertainment , education , government benefits , and more , " the group said at the time . Arguments for both sides in those and other cases point out something of a problem : There seems to be no agreement on how disability issues on the Web should be handled . Goren , the disability law attorney , said judges have ruled both ways in those cases , and that even those who agreed cited different laws in doing so . Some have stuck close to the original wording of the ADA , which requires that places of business be physically accessible to people with disabilities . Websites that represent brick-and-mortar stores need to comply , courts have ruled , while Web-only businesses do not . Other courts have opined that ADA regulations should obviously be extended to Web companies , since the widespread popularity of Web commerce did n't exist when the law was written . It all makes for a confusing jumble of opinions that legal experts say needs to be clarified . Congress has n't been much help , either . Even when they made some changes to the original ADA language in 2008 , they failed to address online concerns . To the Supreme Court ? That , Goren says , means the Supreme Court will ultimately need to settle the issue once and for all . "  This is going to go all the way to the top , " he said . "  There are so many different approaches . You 're going to see the courts split . Unless Congress steps in and talks about how the ADA applies to the Internet , the court 's going to have to figure it out . " Eric Goldman , a professor of law at Santa Clara University and director of the school 's High Tech Law Institute , thinks current law is somewhat more settled . The argument that won the day for eBay -- that the ADA does n't specifically mention websites and , therefore , does n't apply to them -- has prevailed except for in "  quirky rulings , " he says . "  We might debate the merits of those laws , many of which were written for a different time , but that 's for the legislatures to do , not the courts , " he said . " As a result , the lawsuits against websites for discriminating against the disabled are not legally meritorious . In this case , the courts bent over backwards -- more than they should have , in my opinion -- to give Ms. Earll a chance to make a valid legal complaint . She could n't . " That said , Goldman thinks websites should voluntarily be doing more . "  In this case , for example , it seems reasonable that eBay should have a workaround to their authentication system that works for the hearing-impaired , " he said . "  They may have a workaround -- the materials I 've read in this case have n't been clear about that -- but the workaround should be easy enough that Ms. Earll never needed to go to court . "  Some websites may not have the resources to provide full accommodations for the disabled , but a site like eBay does -- and it should do so , " he added . eBay notes that in her complaint , Earll said company agents told her about alternative methods , including submitting proof of identity and SMS text messages , that she and other hearing-impaired people could use to become sellers . "  eBay offers solutions to help the visually and hearing impaired , individuals with color vision deficiencies , as well as those with limited dexterity access eBay 's services , " said Ramirez , the eBay spokeswoman . On its website , eBay has a page devoted to accessibility issues , including a profie of Rick Willison , a pastor who became a successful seller despite a degenerative eye disease . For her part , Earll says she 's willing to go all the way to the Supreme Court if that 's what it takes for her to use the auction site as a seller just as easily as she 's used it as a shopper . "  You know what 's funny -- eBay loved me as a buyer , " she said . "  Oh , sure ... because they made money off of me . "	Deaf woman : eBay wo n't let me sell items because I 'm deaf Auction site 's verification system requires sellers to retrieve a phone password A federal judge has thrown out the case ; woman says she 's appealing eBay says it stands ready to help users , including sellers , with disabilities
Authorities in the Colorado movie theater massacre found an AR-15 rifle drum magazine Friday capable of carrying 100 rounds , and the police chief said thousands of rounds of ammunition for various weapons had been bought online in the weeks prior to the shooting . Police took suspect James Holmes , 24 , into custody Friday after they say he set off two devices and sprayed the theater with bullets from an AR-15 , a 12-gauge shotgun and at least one of two .40 - caliber handguns police have recovered . Investigators are confident that Holmes acted alone , police said . Aurora , Colorado , Police Chief Dan Oates said Friday night that Holmes had purchased four guns at "  local metro gun shops , " and bought over 6,000 rounds of ammunition through online transactions . Assessing what authorities have pieced together about the shooting and the weapons recovered , Oates told reporters , "  As far as we know , it was a pretty rapid pace of fire in that theater . " Life and death decisions within Aurora theater Chad Weinman , CEO of TacticalGear.com of Chesterfield , Missouri , told CNN earlier that his company had a receipt matching Holmes ' name and his Aurora address . The receipt showed that Holmes bought an $ 106.99 Blackhawk urban assault vest , a $ 52.99 Blackhawk Omega Elite triple pistol magazine , a $ 52.99 Blackhawk Omega Elite M16 magazine pouch , and a $ 77.99 Blackhawk Be-Wharned silver knife . With shipping costs , the total bill came to $ 306.99 , according to a copy of the receipt provided to CNN . The firm sells equipment to military and police personnel -- as well as weekend warriors , Weinman said . The gear that the firm believes it sold to Holmes is manufactured by a company called Blackhawk Company , a "  popular brand in tactical circles , " Weinman said . "  We were pretty shocked to have discovered it , " Weinman said . Families of victims receive tragic confirmation "  Oh , my God , we could n't believe it " was how one of the company 's owners reacted , Weinman said . Holmes paid for a two-day air delivery when he placed the order on July 2 , which would seem to indicate he wanted the materials in a hurry , Weinman said . Purchasing a 100-round magazine for an AR-15 is unusual , weapons experts said . The AR-15 is designed for easy reloading . "  Even without the grand-sized mags , many people who are practiced can reload in 1 1/2 to 2 seconds , " said Steven Howard , a Michigan attorney and security and firearms expert . Howard said a crowded theater offers an ideal location for a gunman -- particularly one armed with a shotgun -- to target dozens of victims . A large room such as a theater -- where people are seated in rows -- makes moviegoers easy targets , even for an inexperienced shooter , Howard said . Investigators focus on suspect 's apartment Screaming , panicked moviegoers scrambled to escape from the gunman , who wore a gas mask and randomly shot as he walked up the theater 's steps , witnesses said . "  The very nature of theaters makes them perfect killing zones , " said Howard . A shotgun would do more damage among a tightly packed theater audience because its ammunition comes out of the weapon in a reverse funnel shape and would disperse across a wider area , according to Howard . In a theater scenario , he said , "  so many people 's heads are lined up next to each other that if you fire down these rows of people ... one blast is going to kill or seriously injure 10 or 15 people , depending on a number of variables . " An AR-15 nonmilitary model , Howard said , shoots one bullet at a time and that bullet "  may go through two people . " Theater shooting unfolds in real time on social media No weapons expertise would be necessary to execute an attack such as the one in Aurora , said Howard , a former U.S. Border Patrol agent . "  Any idiot can do it . " Holmes was apprehended outside his white Hyundai parked in the back of the theater , police said . Three of the weapons were in the car and one was left at the scene inside the theater , said authorities . Howard offered these details about the weapons police say were used in the attack : -- AR-15 rifle : A rifle that commonly fires bullets .223 inches in diameter . Originally manufactured by Colt before its patent ran out , but now also made by others . Cost : around $ 900 and up . Its military version is a machine gun , which allows a shooter to fire continuously by holding the trigger down . The nonmilitary AR-15 is a semi-automatic which shoots one bullet at a time , with each squeeze of the trigger . Ammunition magazines for the AR-15 commonly hold five to 15 rounds . Aurora Police Chief Oates said Friday night that investigators had determined the suspect bought more than 3,000 rounds of ammunition for the rifle . As for the 100-round rifle drum and the weapon 's firing capability , Oates said he did not know whether the rifle was fully automatic or sem-automatic but "  even if it was semi-automatic , I 'm told by experts that with that drum magazine , he could 've gotten off 50 to 60 rounds ... within one minute . " -- 870 Remington 12-gauge shotgun : One of the most popular shotguns in history . It can be modified to have a short or long barrel . Oates said the suspect had purchased 300 rounds for the shotgun . -- .40 - caliber Glock handgun : Common weapon for police . Similar in size to other popular handguns . Oates said some 3,000 rounds of ammunition for the two Glocks had been bought through online purchases . Opinion : Can we feel safe in a crowd anymore ? The attacker also used tear gas in the attack , according to police . Tear gas and smoke bombs would "  add to the panic " and make victims less likely to be able to defend themselves against an attacker , Howard said . The dozens of wounded victims in the attack could well have been hit by ricocheting bullets . "  Once bullets hit a wall , they tend to ricochet down a wall , but they do n't bounce like pool balls like a lot of people think and like the movies show . They follow the last surface they hit , " Howard said . Carpeted walls , which are common in movie theaters would reduce the risk of ricochets , said ballistics expert Jon Nordsby . Bullets that have first passed through objects such as theater chairs might cause worse wounds . The bullets start tumbling after they first penetrate the object . A tumbling bullet will tear more flesh when it hits , he said . Gun debate renewed after shooting Crime scene investigators will likely pay close attention to the location of ammunition shell casings and bullets to learn more details about the attack . They also will likely document the locations where victims fell to determine the trajectory of the bullets . Share your tributes to the victims on CNN iReport .	"  It was a pretty rapid pace of fire in that theater , " the police chief says More than 6,000 rounds of ammunition was bought through online purchases , he adds AR-15 , Glock handgun and shotgun used in deadly movie attack Expert : Shotgun blast across row of theater seats could kill or wound 15 people
CNN  -- The Queen has invited the Middleton Family to Sandringham for Christmas , or so the British newspaper headlines recently declared . Oh , that it were true if only because Richard Palmer , royal reporter for Britain 's Daily Express , tweeted that if Carole Middleton , the mother of Catherine , the Duchess of Cambridge , emerged alongside the Queen and drove to church , he 'd cartwheel naked down the path . Lucky for Richard -- and dare I say even luckier for us -- it 's highly unlikely . Invitations to Christmas are never extended to the families of royal spouses and why should they be ? Nothing personal , simply that Christmas provides an opportunity for the Queen to enjoy quality time with her own immediate family with no expectation of being on parade . Well , that and the issue of space . Large as Sandringham might be , it is a house , not a castle . When the whole family is in attendance , there just is n't room for anyone else . The Royal Family has Christmas down to a science , and the Queen 's festive plans are as reliable as television airings of "  It 's a Wonderful Life " and my inadvertently cooking the turkey upside down . It 's the same every year . Since the fire at Windsor Castle in 1992 , the royal family has gathered to celebrate Christmas at Sandringham , the Queen 's privately-owned Norfolk estate . Following arrivals on Christmas Eve , afternoon tea is served . The evening brings a fancy black-tie dinner , and the opening of presents -- a German tradition embraced by Queen Victoria when she married Prince Albert . After breakfast on Christmas morning , it 's church , lunch , a huddle around the television to watch the Queen 's Christmas message to the nation , a country walk , and an evening of parlor games . It is an occasion steeped in familiar tradition and protocol for the Windsors , but for the inexperienced newbie it 's enough to make you want to double-spike your eggnog . Sandringham is the Queen 's house , and therefore as the Lady of the Manor invitations are at her discretion . She has consistently been open to change and has adapted to the times accordingly . During her reign she has opened Buckingham Palace to the public , made the royal finances more transparent , made walkabouts the norm , signed the Commonwealth Charter , and she was the first reigning monarch to visit the Republic of Ireland since Irish independence . Christmas , however , is one area where change is unlikely . The Queen is not obligated in any way to the extended families of either her children or her grandchildren . The Middletons may well be the grandparents of the future king , but so too were Earl Spencer and Frances Shand Kydd , yet that did n't see either of them swilling sherry and pulling crackers over the Queen 's Christmas goose . Were the Queen to invite the Middleton family , it would in turn pave the way for other in-laws to attend . Camilla 's children have n't spent Christmas with their mother since she married Charles in 2005 . Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie have n't celebrated Christmas with their mum since their parents ' divorce in 1996 . The list goes on and therein lies the quandary . Invite the Middletons , and suddenly Christmas becomes a free-for-all "  plus one . " Last year , with the Queen 's blessing , William and Kate chose to spend Christmas with Kate 's family in Bucklebury , Berkshire . While alternating families for the holidays is the standard festive headache for us regular folk , it was an unprecedented decision for the Sandringham lot . By doing something different William and Kate effectively changed the model of a royal family Christmas . The Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh enjoy a relaxed relationship with Michael and Carole Middleton . Before the royal wedding the Queen asked them to lunch at Windsor Castle . In June 2012 they were invited to sail on the Elizabethan paddle steamer during the Diamond Jubilee River Pageant , and they joined other members of the royal family in the Queen 's official carriage procession to Royal Ascot in 2011 and 2012 . She has already publicly embraced the Middleton family far more than she has the family of any other royal spouse . William and Kate are the new owners of Anmer Hall , a property on the Sandringham estate , but it is currently being renovated , so there 's no room at the inn for the Middletons there . Even if it were ready , I do n't see William and Kate leaving her family at home while they swan off to the "  big house . " Every family celebrates Christmas in their own unique way , and the Middletons would never presume to be included in the royals ' personal festivities , nor would the Queen , Philip , Charles and Camilla expect to load the corgis and a fruitcake into the Range Rover and head down to Bucklebury . There is no slight , no malice , no scandal here , rather a wish to preserve the elements of sacred family Christmas . In that way , the royals are "  just like us . " Looks like Richard will be keeping his clothes on this year after all . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Victoria Arbiter .	Some newspapers suggest Queen will invite Middletons to Sandringham for Christmas Victoria Arbiter says such an offer would break with all royal traditions Christmas is one area where Queen is unlikely to break with tradition , she adds
Washington  CNN  -- The man in line to be the next speaker of the House lost his primary Tuesday in Virginia . The outcome of the race shocked Eric Cantor , challenger Dave Brat and political pundits and analysts . The day after Cantor 's devastating defeat , those same people are trying to answer the critical questions : Why and how did a well-funded , powerful , conservative member of Congress lose to a political novice ? 1 . Too much political calculation : Cantor is known for smart political calculations and ambition , but this year those attributes may have cost him his job . One thing that 's been lacking throughout Cantor 's career is loyalty among his constituents , says Russell Berman , reporter with The Hill . "  He has always been seen as somewhat calculating , " Berman said , noting Cantor changed his position on immigration in the final weeks of the campaign . CNN political editor Mark Preston agreed , adding that Cantor tried to have it both ways . "  It was only just a couple years ago that Eric Cantor was seen as the voice , so to speak , for the tea party within the leadership . The past couple of years , he seemed to have been moderating his views a little bit , " Preston said . 2 . Too much ambition : CNN chief political analyst Gloria Borger noted that as the No. 2 Republican in the House , Cantor was in line to become speaker , a position he wanted . "  He  was seen as very ambitious , somebody who spent a lot of time fund-raising for the Republican Party , " Borger said . Cantor ` earthquake ' rattles Capitol Hill Republican strategist Ben Ferguson said Cantor "  forgot that his job was to go to Washington and fight for conservative ideas . " "  He embodied -- from many of their perspectives -- sort of the arrogance of power . That I think has a lot to do with it . And along those lines ... he did n't tend to the district , " CNN chief congressional correspondent Dana Bash said 3 . Disconnected : Ambition and calculation lead to being disconnected . "  This is Eric Cantor 's fault . He was in Washington on Election Day , not back in his district , " CNN chief national correspondent John King said . "  His confidence , his smugness , his arrogance cost him his seat . " Borger agreed . "  This is a repudiation of Eric Cantor personally , that he failed Politics 101 , which is to keep in touch with your district , " she said . "  And that was an issue , " Ferguson said . "  When you start having your operatives deal with the little people in your district -- like , oh , you take their phone calls , oh , you e-mail them back , I 'm too busy for that , I 'm this big dog in the GOP -- the way that Eric Cantor , John Boehner , John McCain have acted , you get your rear end kicked eventually . " 4 . Turnout/enthusiasm : Brat 's campaign did n't come close to matching Cantor 's deep pockets , but Brat made up for the fund-raising shortfall by rallying his staunchest supporters . "  Money ca n't buy enthusiasm , " Bash said . CNN political analyst John Avlon said the difference may lie in voter turnout , which stood at just 12 % on Tuesday . "  When you get these very low turnout primaries and the people are not paying attention to , they can be easily hijacked by activists . There is no question Eric Cantor would have won a general election in his district , " Avlon said . 5 . The role of the right : Brian Stelter , CNN senior media correspondent , said conservative media corralled the troops to vote for Brat in numbers that Cantor did not match . "  Laura Ingraham , for example , to name one talk radio host , was very supportive of Brat , even held a rally for him in Virginia this time last week . The top of her website today said , ` Vote Dave Brat today . ' Other radio hosts also supported him . Ann Coulter supported him . And I think they are going to be getting credit in the days to come . Tonight on Fox News , Megyn Kelly called Ingraham instrumental to this victory , " Stelter said . 6 . ... and the left : Larry Sabato , diirector of the University of Virginia Center for Politics said Democrats , who make up 43 % of the district , played a role as well . "  There was a major outreach to Democrats in that district , " Sabato said . "  You had Brat operatives going to Democratic Party committees , even on election eve , asking them to go to the polls to get rid of Eric Cantor . It had nothing to do with Dave Brat . There were robocalls to Democrats in that district , wanting -- telling Democrats come out to the polls . " 7 . He was a casualty of a bigger battle : "  Cantor had been  taking conservative position after conservative position after conservative position , but almost 100 % was n't enough for these folks . And I think of it as a major message to Republican leadership , " Avlon said . Borger said that Cantor 's loss to a challenge from the right , despite rock-solid conservative credentials , puts the GOP at a crossroad . "  I think they 're kind of at the proverbial fork in the road . They can either be a congressional party and win these congressional seats by going further to the right , or they can become a presidential party in which you have to move to the middle . " Cantor was not only an establishment figure , GOP Rep. Lee Terry of Nebraska noted , but was deeply involved in negotiating with the White House to end the government shutdown last fall . "  And that was used against him . And so the message to us is , negotiation or compromise could get you beat , " Terry said . Jack Trammell is the Democrat who no longer has to face Eric Cantor 5 aftershocks from Cantor 's stunning upset loss	Not long ago , Cantor was seen as the tea party voice within House leadership To some , Cantor embodied the arrogance of power Cantor gets blamed for being in Washington on Election Day , not in his district Dave Brat made up for the fund-raising shortfall by rallying his staunchest supporters
Cairo  CNN  -- Thousands of Egyptians gathered in Cairo 's Tahrir Square Tuesday night to protest what they call a coup by Egypt 's military rulers and show their support for the Muslim Brotherhood presidential candidate . Conflicting reports about the health of ousted President Hosni Mubarak overshadowed the protest , as one news agency reported he was clinically dead , which the military quickly denied . "  He is not clinically dead as reported , but his health is deteriorating and he is in critical condition , " Gen. Mamdouh Shahin , a member of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces , told CNN . Conflicting reports about whether Mubarak has died "  They 're playing with us , " one Tahrir Square demonstrator said . "  All of the sudden , all of this ? If he 's really dead , it 's God 's will . I would hope he lives to see the new president . " Both candidates in what the United States called Egypt 's "  historic " presidential runoff over the weekend are claiming victory , the latest twist in the country 's chaotic political upheaval . A spokesman for Ahmed Shafik -- the last prime minister to serve under Mubarak -- said Tuesday that Shafik had won , state-run Nile TV reported . At a news conference , Mahmoud Abu Baraka said the campaign was certain it had the correct numbers . Mohamed Morsi , the Muslim Brotherhood candidate , claimed victory Monday and vowed to build an inclusive government . "  No one 's rights will be left out of it , and no one will dominate over the other , " he said . Egypt has not announced an official result . The dueling announcements come amid questions over just how much authority the president will even have in the new Egypt . The Supreme Council of the Armed Forces , which has run Egypt since Mubarak 's ouster , stripped the position of much of its power . Under an interim constitutional declaration released Monday , the military council retains the power to make laws and budget decisions until a new constitution can be written and a new parliament elected . The declaration says Supreme Council members "  shall decide all matters related to military affairs , including the appointment of its leaders . " The president has the power to declare war , it says , but only "  after the approval of the SCAF . " That move came days after Egypt 's highest court dissolved the lower house of parliament and the military council announced it had full legislative authority . The Muslim Brotherhood , the country 's largest Islamist group , was the dominant party in the parliament . What is the Muslim Brotherhood ? The April 6 revolutionary movement and the Muslim Brotherhood called Tuesday 's "  million man march " in Tahrir Square . By evening , a crowd of thousands had gathered in the square , which was the central home to protests that toppled Mubarak 's regime last year . Many demonstrators chanted "  Morsi , Morsi " and waved Egyptian flags and his portrait . Several lawmakers from the Brotherhood stood sweating in the crowd talking to journalists . "  This protest rejects the constitutional addendum and demands that the military council surrender power by the end of June . We object to the military council remaining in power beyond June , " said Mohamed Gabber , a Brotherhood representative in the Shura Council , Egypt 's upper house of parliament . Egypt 's highest court last week dissolved the recently elected lower house of parliament , casting doubt over the future of the Shura , which has continued to meet . "  The constitution is supposed to be in the hands of the Egyptian people , " Gabber added . Earlier , Mohamed el Omda , a former member of parliament with the Muslim Brotherhood , complained that the "  powerful TV channels " in Egypt are owned by businessmen collaborating with the military council . "  They tried to destroy the image of the parliament in preparation for this step that was taken to dissolve the parliament , " he said . El Omda stood outside the parliament building , where police prevented former lawmakers from entering Thursday . The military council rejects complaints of a "  coup d'etat , " insisting it remains temporarily in control until a new constitution is formed . The council said last week it will appoint a council to create the constitution . As for the declaration about the presidency , SCAF member Gen. Mohamed el Assar insisted the position retains "  great authority , very vast authority . " "  And the military council did not take anything away from him , " el Assar said . But the Muslim Brotherhood 's Freedom and Justice Party , in a statement , said the "  SCAF does not have the right , power or authority to issue any constitutional article -- and indeed it has only ten days before it hands over ruling power to the elected president . "  Ultimately , this announcement amounts to a total coup d' Ã © tat against constitutional , popular and revolutionary legitimacy . " Each side in the election accused the other of voting irregularities and called for an investigation . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said Tuesday , "  This is a very important couple of days for the Egyptians to get it right , in keeping with their commitment to have free , fair , and transparent presidential elections . " The Carter Center , which monitors elections worldwide , said Tuesday that its mission in Egypt had issued preliminary findings about the runoff . "  The Center noted that the Egyptian people again have demonstrated their deep commitment to the electoral process . However , The Carter Center expressed grave concern about the broader political and constitutional context , which calls into question the meaning and purpose of the elections , " the agency said in a statement . Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter said in the statement , "  I am deeply troubled by the undemocratic turn that Egypt 's transition has taken . The dissolution of the democratically elected parliament and the return of elements of martial law generated uncertainty about the constitutional process before the election . The Supreme Council of the Armed Forces ' new Constitutional Declaration , in which they carve out special privileges for the military and inject themselves into the constitution drafting process , violates their prior commitment to the Egyptian people to make a full transfer of power to an elected civilian government . "  A constitution is a permanent foundation for the nation , and must be fully inclusive and legitimate . An unelected military body should not interfere in the constitution drafting process . " U.S. Ambassador to Egypt Anne W. Patterson visited polling sites . She said the United States was pleased to "  participate in the process , " calling it a "  historic event " for "  democracy in Egypt , " the U.S. Embassy in Cairo tweeted . In an interview on CNNI 's "  Amanpour , " Morsi spokesman Jihad Haddad said parliament plans to meet this week -- potentially forcing a confrontation with military rulers and Egypt 's high court . How Egypt 's generals cut the revolution down to size CNN 's Ivan Watson and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	NEW : Report of Mubarak 's death overshadows Tahrir Square protest NEW : "  He is not clinically dead as reported , but his health is deteriorating and he is in critical condition , " a general says "  Very important couple of days for the Egyptians to get it right , " the State Department says Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter is "  deeply troubled by the undemocratic turn "
AOL Autos  -- The conventional wisdom , among most folks , anyway , is that buying a used car is usually something done out of necessity , by those on a budget -- that is , people who want , or need , to "  move down " from the new-car market because a new model is simply out of their reach . Bottom line , the Lexus reputation is for high-end luxury , quality and long-term dependability . However , there is another category of used cars that appeal to those with a bit more disposable income : used luxury cars . For some buyers , the used-luxury market is a way of getting into that Lexus , Lincoln , Infiniti or Porsche you always wanted , without laying out $ 70,000 or $ 80,000 for something you 're not actually going to live in . For others , scouring the used-luxury-car listings is a way of re-visiting the halcyon years of their youth . At this point , some of these used-luxe models have been around so long that they almost qualify as vintage throwback editions . Recently , Consumer Reports magazine issued its list of best and worst used cars , and divvied them up by price range . Using CR 's recommendations as a guideline , here is a list of some of the best used luxury cars currently on the market in the $ 24,000-30 ,000 price range . 2005 & 2006 Acura MDX A luxury SUV , the MDX is spacious , seats seven , and boasts distinctive styling and Acura 's famed attention to detail . Plus , it packs some punch under the hood -- this generation was powered by 3.5-liter , 253-hp V6 matched to a five-speed automatic transmission . AOL Autos : Used Acura Priced just right as a new vehicle , it included safety features like dual-stage front airbags , three-point seatbelts and adjustable head restraints for all seating positions . 2007 Acura RDX A crossover vehicle that mixes sedan-like ride with SUV roominess , the '07 RDX offered unibody construction , leather upholstery , heated front seats , power moonroof , 18-inch alloy wheels with all-season tires , xenon HID headlights with foglamps and the 2.3-liter turbocharged four-cylinder engine -- plus a five-speed automatic transmission with paddle shifters on the steering wheel , and the patented SH-AWD  SH for Super Handling  system . 2006 & 2007 Acura TL A mid-size , front-wheel-drive , four-door sedan powered by a 258-hp 3.2-liter V6 , the Acura TL is a fine road machine . Actually , it was available for ' 06 - '07 as both a TL and a higher-end TL Type S -- the latter of which sported an upgraded engine , a 286-hp 3.5-liter . Depending on trim level , you can find it with a five-speed automatic with a console-mounted lever or shift paddles on the steering wheel . 2007 Audi A3 Audi designers have always shown a certain flair for dynamics , and that is evident here , in a sharply-engineered , handsomely-appointed vehicle that offers a fine balance between silky ride , nimble handling and zesty performance . This sporty compact was powered by a 200-hp 2.0-liter turbocharged four-cylinder engine in ' 07 , and came standard with a six-speed manual and an optional Direct Shift Gearbox . AOL Autos : Used Audi 2005 & 2006 BMW 3-Series The 3-Series is another winning stable of cars , but Consumer Reports especially liked specific model years/versions/features in the 3-Series family : The 2005 RWD coupe and convertible ; the '06 325i RWD sedan ; the '06 330i RWD sedan and the '05 Z4 . Depending on the model year and version , the standard engine ranged from a 184-hp 2.5-L to a 255-hp 3.0-L . AOL Autos : Used BMW 2005 & 2006 Infiniti FX35 Another of the many crossovers that have hit the market the last several years , the FX35 is one of the sportier editions . During these model years , the FX35 2WD came with a 280-hp 3.5-liter V6 and a five-speed automatic transmission . Rear-wheel-drive was standard , but AWD was also an option . Some spiffier features included leather seating surfaces , 18-inch wheels , dual-zone climate control with microfiltration and steering-wheel controls . AOL Autos : Used Infiniti Infiniti G35 The G35 is one of the more svelte sports-sedan beauties on the road , offering Infiniti 's typical attention to detail and sporting attitude . Yes , it has four doors , but it handles like a sporty coupe , with its power coming from a finely-tuned 3.5-liter V6 . Horsepower output is 280 for the automatic and 298 with the manual . Luxo amenities include leather upholstery , automatic climate control , steering wheel audio controls , illuminated visor vanity mirrors and high-intensity discharge  HID  xenon headlamps . Lexus Any luxury-car aficionado knows that a Lexus is one of the most exquisitely-designed , high-performing chariots on the luxury-car market , and CR saw fit to include more than a half-dozen Lexus models on this list of recommended used luxury cars -- from the '02 SC and LX models , to the ' 03 - '04 GX edition , '03 LS , '04 / '06 IS entries , ' 04 - '05 RX model , '05 GS and '06 ES to ... well , you get the picture . Bottom line , given the Lexus reputation for high-end luxury , quality and long-term dependability , it 's hard to go wrong with any of the above-named Lexus entries . And all have plenty of engine oomph and luxo-line amenities . AOL Autos : Used Lexus 2007 Lincoln MKX This luxury crossover vehicle debuted in '07 as a replacement for the Aviator , and made a big splash . A higher-end and pricier version of the Ford Edge , it seats five and is powered by a 265 hp 3.5-liter V-6 and comes with standard six-speed automatic tranny . Either FWD or AWD is available . One cool option was the glass-paneled roof dubbed the "  Vista Roof . " 2007 Lincoln MKZ Also new for the '07 model year , this handsome and fully-loaded mid-size luxury sedan replaced the Zephyr . Under the hood purrs a muscular 263-hp V6 hitched to a six-speed automatic transmission . FWD is standard , but AWD is optional . Standard safety features include side-impact air bags in the front ; curtain-style head protection airbags for all outboard positions ; plus traction control and antilock brakes with electronic brake-force distribution . 2007 Lincoln Town Car A venerated luxury car whose heritage goes way back , the Town Car still "  has game " -- and is a far cry from the floaty boats your granddad drove in the '70s and '80s . It 's still cavernous inside , but now boasts a much more refined design . It seats six comfortably and is powered by a 239-hp 4.6-liter V-8 that 's linked to a four-speed automatic . The well-appointed cabin is trimmed in premium leather and burl walnut appliques . Available in Signature , Signature Limited , Designer and Signature L trim levels , you can find one to fit any taste . 1998 Porsche 911 No , your eyes do n't deceive you -- CR did include a primo , high-line vehicle like a Porsche 911 on its list of recommended used cars under $ 30,000 . But , take note : This is the 1998 edition . But when you 're dealing with quality of this level , even an 10-year-old vehicle has a lot of juice left in it . So , by "  going vintage , " driving enthusiasts can get into their car of their dreams without breaking the bank . In ' 98 , the 911 was powered by a 3.6 L H-6 282 hp engine . So , while it was n't quite the road-burner it is today , is still packed plenty of thrust . 2007 Volvo S60  FWD Only a year old , the '07 used edition should still be in fine condition , and it boasts top-drawer performance , stylish design and Volvo 's all-world safety features . The '07 S60 came in several trim levels , with an array of engine sizes , from the turbocharged 2.5-liter 208 hp job to the 2.3-liter 257-hp inline five-cylinder plant to the 2.5-liter high-pressure turbocharged and intercooled engine that churned out 300 ponies . Depending on the trim line , either a manual or automatic transmission can be had . 2006 & 2007 Volvo XC70 The XC70 is a crossover vehicle , splitting the difference between an SUV and a wagon . And it 's one of the finest crossovers on the road . It 's all-wheel drive , and the latest used-model-year , the ' 07 , was powered by a 208-hp turbocharged 2.5-liter inline-five-cylinder engine matched to a Geartronic five-speed automatic transmission that also offers manual gear selection .	Some buyers go to used-car market to get the luxury car they always wanted Consumer Reports magazine issues its list of best and worst used cars Infiniti G35 is one of the more svelte sports-sedan beauties on the road 1998 Porsche 911 made the list of cars for under $ 30,000
CNN  -- The federal government 's oil spill response director says testing has revealed that there is a "  detected seep a distance from the well " and has ordered BP to quickly notify the government if other leaks are found . "  When seeps are detected , you are directed to marshal resources , quickly investigate , and report findings to the government in no more than four hours , " retired Adm. Thad Allen said in a letter to BP Chief Managing Director Bob Dudley . "  I direct you to provide me a written procedure for opening the choke valve as quickly as possible without damaging the well should hydrocarbon seepage near the well head be confirmed . " BP spokesman Mark Salt said Sunday night that he had no information about the leak mentioned in Allen 's letter . The letter does not provide further details about where the leak was spotted or how big it is . It was unclear from Allen 's letter , released Sunday evening , whether testing on the well had been extended . It was scheduled to last at least until 4 p.m. Sunday . Earlier in the day Allen said officials could decide to extend it in 24-hour increments . "  We 've not been told it 's stopping , " Salt said . In his letter Sunday , Allen asked BP to provide its "  latest containment plan and schedule in the event that the Well Integrity Test is suspended " within 24 hours and said the company should be prepared to discuss its efforts to detect leaks during a regular conference call between BP and government scientists that was scheduled for 9 p.m. ET . Earlier Sunday BP Chief Operating Officer Doug Suttles said a variety of tests showed oil and gas were not escaping from the well , noting that the recently recapped oil well in the Gulf of Mexico could remain closed until the relief well is drilled if tests remained favorable . "  No one associated with this whole activity wants to see any more oil flow into the Gulf of Mexico , " Suttles told reporters Sunday morning . "  We will continue integrity tests all the way until we get the well killed . There is no target to return the well to flow . " Allen said earlier Sunday that testing would determine whether keeping the well capped was the right solution . Pressure testing results in the well have been lower than expected , he said , which means oil could be leaking out from below . "  While we are pleased that no oil is currently being released into the Gulf of Mexico and want to take all appropriate action to keep it that way , it is important that all decisions are driven by the science , " he said . "  Ultimately , we must insure no irreversible damage is done which could cause uncontrolled leakage from numerous points on the sea floor . " Rep. Ed Markey , who has been a vocal critic of BP 's response to the gusher , said Sunday that the company could have another motivation for wanting to keep the well capped . "  If the well remains fully shut in until the relief well is completed , we may never have a fully accurate determination of the flow rate from this well . If so , BP -- which has consistently underestimated the flow rate -- might evade billions of dollars of fines , " Markey said in a letter to Allen released Sunday . Using ships on the surface to collect 100 percent of the gushing oil would allow scientists to calculate the flow rate -- a figure that the government would use to determine how much to fine BP , Markey said . On Saturday , Allen said that once testing is eventually stopped "  we will immediately return to containment , using the new , tighter sealing cap with both the -LSB- vessels -RSB- Helix Producer and the Q4000 . " BP is conducting regular seismic runs , monitoring sonar , visual and acoustic activity and the data has been "  encouraging , " showing no problems . However if tests show problems , BP officials said they are prepared to remove the tightly fitting containment cap and reassess . "  We 're just taking this day by day , " Suttles said Sunday . "  Nobody wants to see any more oil go into the gulf , but clearly we have to make sure we do n't make the situation worse . " No oil has gushed out since Thursday when BP closed all the valves in a new custom-made cap that was lowered into place earlier in the week . The undersea video images of a quiet ocean inspired cautious optimism in the hearts of Gulf Coast residents devastated by three months of disaster . Meanwhile , BP has restarted work on drilling two relief wells . Wells said that the first relief well is now about five feet away from the ruptured Macondo well and an intersection could occur by the end of July . BP then plans to pump mud and cement down to kill the ruptured well . Leaving the well capped Sunday past the 24 hours of testing is a new development . On Saturday , it was expected the testing would extend only into Sunday afternoon . Engineers and scientists have intensified monitoring of the well , pouring over images and data collected by robots , sonar scans and seismic and acoustic examinations . A government ship is in the area , fitted with equipment for detecting methane gas , which would be an indication of a leak . The well integrity test began Thursday after two days of delays , first as government scientists scrutinized testing procedures and then as BP replaced a leaking piece of equipment known as a choke line . Since there 's less oil on the surface , BP officials said Sunday that the nearly 50 skimmers deployed at the well site collected nearly half the amount they had the day before . They only conducted one controlled burn , and Suttles said there have been numerous days in a row with no new shoreline impacts . In the coming weeks , BP also plans to bring in two more oil collection ships in addition to the two already in the Gulf , bringing containment capacity to 80,000 barrels  about 3.4 million gallons  of oil a day , more than high-end estimates of how much oil had been leaking .	NEW : Allen says a leak was detected "  a distance from the well " NEW : Letter orders BP to provide update on plans BP says the recapped well is holding steady If tests continue to be favorable , BP says the cap could stay on until relief well is drilled
Dallas , Texas  CNN  -- Financial troubles and despair over her husband 's death were weighing heavily on the mayor of a Texas city who apparently killed herself and her daughter last week , her close friend told CNN . "  I think that the weight of it all became too much for her , " said Doug Stover , who preceded Jayne Peters as mayor of Coppell , Texas . "  She felt unfortunately , for her , this was the only option she had . " Police in Coppell said last week that Peters shot and killed her 19-year-old daughter before turning the gun on herself . In an interview with CNN 's Don Lemon on Saturday , Stover described Peters as "  a very anti-gun person " and said she had borrowed the gun from a friend , claiming she needed it for a self-defense class . "  The way she died and the ways she behaved in the last days of her life were not characteristic of the way she lived , " he said . CNN affiliate KTXA reported that Peters faced foreclosure on her home at least twice this year . Ultimately , according to the Foreclosure Listing Service , the home was not foreclosed on , KTXA said . Coppell City Manager Clay Phillips told the affiliate that the city was looking into expenditures charged to Peters ' city-issued credit card to see if there were any financial improprieties . Stover said close friends only learned of Peters ' financial struggles after her death . "  She never opened up to anybody about her own problems , " he said . The Dallas County Medical Examiner 's Officer ruled Wednesday that the mayor 's death was a suicide and her daughter 's a homicide . Police found Peters , 55 , and her daughter Mary Corinne Peters , 19 , Tuesday evening after city officials asked them to check on the family 's welfare when the mayor did not show up for a scheduled council meeting . An envelope containing a note and a key to the two-story house had been left on the front door . Three other notes were found inside the house . The outside note warned officers of what they would find inside , The Dallas Morning News reported . One of the suicide notes said that her 19-year-old daughter hid her pain from her friends , according to The Dallas Morning News , and that mother and daughter "  were lost , alone and afraid . " Police told the News the notes gave no clues as to what led to the shooting , but rather provided instructions on , among other things , how to care for the family 's pets . Two dogs were found in the house , the newspaper reported . Peters was elected mayor in May 2009 and had been a member of the city council since 1998 . Her husband died of cancer in January 2008 . Coppell , 16 miles northwest of Dallas , has a population of 39,000 . CNN 's Don Lemon contributed to this report .	Friend says pressure of financial problems was too much for Mayor Jayne Peters Doug Stover , her predecessor as mayor , says Peters was anti-gun Her behavior before she died was "  not characteristic of the way she lived , " he says Police say it appears that Peters killed herself and her 19-year-old daughter
Former first lady Barbara Bush was discharged from Houston Methodist Hospital on Saturday , a family spokesman said . "  I can not thank the doctors and nurses at Houston Methodist enough for making sure I got the best treatment and got back to George and our dogs as quickly as possible , " Bush said . She was released after six days of treatment for pneumonia , a family statement said . Bush , 88 , is the wife of the 41st U.S. president , George H.W. Bush , and the mother of the 43rd , George W. Bush . President Barack Obama and former President Bill Clinton sent their best wishes to Mrs. Bush for a full recovery . In her role as first lady , she championed the cause of literacy . She formed the Barbara Bush Foundation for Family Literacy in 1989 . That was the same year that she made public that she had been diagnosed in 1988 with Graves ' disease , an autoimmune disease that commonly affects the thyroid . In 2010 , she was hospitalized for what doctors at the time described as a recurrence of Graves ' disease . She underwent heart surgery in 2009 after doctors found hardening in one part of her aorta . In 2008 , she was hospitalized after suffering abdominal pain . She underwent surgery for a perforated ulcer .	She had been treated for pneumonia at a Houston hospital Bush is the wife of the 41st president , George H.W. Bush In her role as first lady , she championed the cause of literacy
CNN  -- Virender Sehwag was the star with bat and ball as he offered India a glimmer of hope as they bid to win the third Test and level the series against Sri Lanka . The batsman completed his 21st Test century soon after the start of play on Thursday morning after India resumed on 180-2 in reply to Sri Lanka 's first innings total of 425 . And after half centuries from VVS Laxman and Suresh Raina had helped India to 436 all out , Sehwag took two wickets to reduce Sri Lanka to 45-2 at the close and heap pressure on their middle order . Sehwag quickly passed the hundred mark in the first session but fell soon after for 109 , caught by Chanaka Welegedara off the bowling Suraj Randiv . Sachin Tendulkar made 41 before he was caught behind by wicketkeeper Mahela Jayawardene off the bowling of Lasitha Malinga . Laxman then added 56 and Raina made 62 before they were both removed by Ajantha Mendis . Abhimanyu Mithun and Amit Mishra both added valuable runs to see India past Sri Lanka 's total before Randiv removed both players to bring an end to the innings . Sri Lanka were unable to negotiate the final session without losing a wicket as both opening batsman fell to Sehwag . Tharanga Paranavitana was caught behind by captain MS Dhoni before Sehwag snagged Tillakaratne Dilshan thanks to a catch from Murali Vijay . Sri Lanka will resume on day four just 34 runs ahead of their rivals , with eight wickets remaining . They lead 1-0 in the three match series .	Sri Lanka reduced to 45-2 in their second innings against India Hosts lead by 34 runs with eight wickets remaining in third Test Virender Sehwag takes two late wickets to offer India hope of victory Sri Lanka lead the three match series 1-0
