Alhambra , California  CNN  -- At first , the pool builder thought his Bobcat bulldozer struck garbage as he dug a hole in a residential backyard . After all , in the older neighborhoods of San Marino , California , people used to bury their garbage . But the plastic bag did n't contain trash . Jose Perez , operating the Bobcat with his father as a co-worker , asked his dad what was inside . His father grabbed an 18-inch piece of reinforcement bar to poke around . "  He looked inside it , and he mouthed to me that there were bones in it , " Perez testified Wednesday in a Los Angeles County court . "  He thought it was a dog , but it did n't look like a dog . "  I told him to drop it , and he did , " Perez continued . "  It was a human skull . " As the prosecution witness referred to the plastic bag and the pool digging project in a photograph on a big screen in court , defendant Christian Karl Gerhartsreiter , in a blue jail jumpsuit , stared intently at the scene where prosecutors accuse him of murdering a man in 1985 . The skull was found nine years later , on May 5 , 1994 , Perez testified . The testimony was evidence that Los Angeles County prosecutors began presenting during a preliminary hearing for the German-born Gerhartsreiter , who has garnered renown for impersonating a Rockefeller and inspiring a movie about the caper . He is now accused of killing a Southern California man who has been missing since the mid-1980s . Frank Sheridan , a forensic pathologist , testified the skull suffered at least one blow to the forehead and at least two blows to the right side . The several fractures were made at or about the time of death , said Sheridan , who is also the medical examiner of San Bernardino County in California . The shape of two fractures also indicated an object with a curved surface , such as a baseball bat , was used to deliver the blows , Sheridan said under questioning by a prosecutor . "  This individual was alive when these fractures occurred , " said Sheridan , who examined a reconstructed version of the skull . In his career , he has performed 8,000 autopsies , he said . "  There 's a lot of force involved in these blows , " Sheridan added . "  Each one of them would have rendered the person unconscious . "  The injuries we 're talking about here would have very clearly been fatal in the absence of medical care , and they could have been fatal even with medical care , " he said . At the pool construction site , investigators eventually found nearly the entire skeleton of a man whose height was between 5 feet 4 inches and 5 feet 7 1/2 inches , testified Judith Daye , a physical anthropologist who worked for the Los Angeles County 's coroner office and reviewed the bones at the site . The missing bones included a kneecap , four fingers and a few toes , a common occurrence with buried remains , "  especially the hands and feet because the bones are very small , " Daye testified . Many discovered bones were inside clothing that was wrapped in plastic , such as the pelvis inside jeans and the upper torso bones inside a shirt , Daye testified . The preliminary hearing , to determine whether Gerhartsreiter should be bound over for trial , is expected to last six days , said Sandi Gibbons , a spokeswoman for the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's Office . Gerhartsreiter , 50 , is accused of killing John Sohus , who was 27 at the time of his 1985 disappearance . His mother once owned the San Marino home where the remains were found . During the Wednesday hearing , Los Angeles County Judge Jared Moses rejected a defense request that Gerhartsreiter be referred to as "  Mr. Rockefeller " in court . The defense attorney said he and other attorneys on the team knew Gerhartsreiter as "  Mr. Rockefeller . " But the judge said : "  I get individuals in court who have a number of akas , " a police term meaning "  also known as , " but "  I have never seen a circumstance in court where a person is referred to by one of his akas . " Gerhartsreiter , who has led a life of multiple identities , has denied involvement in the Sohus case . At one point in his life , Gerhartsreiter assumed the identity of "  Clark Rockefeller , " a cultured poseur who never seemed to have a job . A Boston tabloid dubbed him "  Crockefeller . " A Lifetime movie , "  Who Is Clark Rockefeller ? " starred Eric McCormack as Gerhartsreiter . Gerhartsreiter , who is being held without bail , is serving a Massachusetts sentence for kidnapping his daughter ; he was transferred from a prison in that state to California in July , authorities said . In July , one of his attorneys , Jeffrey A. Denner of Boston , said he was n't aware of any breaks in the 26-year-old Sohus case that would warrant a charge against his client . "  I was personally surprised because there was so much time , and what new evidence could have arisen ? We do n't know anything , " Denner said in July after Gerhartsreiter 's arraignment . "  Old case , new case -- he did n't do it . We maintain his innocence . He maintains his innocence . " Deputy District Attorney Habib Balian was the prosecutor at Wednesday 's hearing , held in Los Angeles County 's Alhambra courthouse . The case involves 9,000 pages of investigative documents and 83 CDs , DVDs and videotapes . The whereabouts of the dead man 's wife , Linda Sohus , are unknown . Except for a few postcards that appeared to have been mailed by the couple from Paris in 1985 , her friends and family have not heard from her . Gibbons said last summer that her disappearance was still under investigation . Gerhartsreiter has been serving a four - to five-year sentence in Massachusetts for kidnapping his 7-year-old daughter in 2008 . That prison term will end in mid-2012 , authorities said . Gerhartsreiter will receive credit for that Massachusetts sentence while being incarcerated in California , authorities said . Gerhartsreiter came to the United States from Germany in 1978 , according to testimony at his trial for kidnapping . After spending a few years in Connecticut , he moved to Wisconsin , where he married in a green card arrangement using his true name . Gerhartsreiter then relocated to California . He settled in San Marino , a wealthy community near Pasadena , where he lived under the name Christopher Chichester from 1983 to 1985 . He posed as a film student and boasted that he was of English royalty , according to Vanity Fair magazine , which profiled him in January 2009 and quoted several people who knew Chichester at the time . As Chichester , he rented a guest house from Ruth "  Didi " Sohus . Her son John and his wife , Linda , came to live with Didi Sohus during the time Gerhartsreiter lived in the guest quarters . It is unclear what his relationship was with the couple . Didi Sohus told investigators she believed that her son and daughter-in-law were in Europe . She filed a missing person report in July 1985 , according to the Pasadena Star-News . Didi Sohus and one of Linda Sohus ' friends received postcards postmarked from Paris in mid-1985 , purportedly from the couple , but investigators were suspicious of their authenticity . Sohus sold the house in late 1985 after suffering a stroke . She died three years later . Through luminol testing of the guest quarters where Chichester lived , investigators found what appeared to be a large amount of blood .  Luminol causes a glow when it comes in contact with blood .  It is not clear when the luminol testing took place , but police thoroughly searched the house when the remains were found and again after Gerhartsreiter 's arrest in the kidnapping case . A former neighbor quoted by Vanity Fair reported that Chichester borrowed a chainsaw from him at about the time the couple went missing . An acquaintance , Dana Farrar , said she "  saw an area of dirt that had obviously been dug up and filled in " at the time , according to the Pasadena Star-News . When she asked him why , Chichester told her he was having plumbing problems . Sheriff 's detectives from Los Angeles County sought Chichester for questioning in early May 1985 , but he had disappeared in a pickup truck registered to John Sohus . He resurfaced under yet another identity , that of Christopher Crowe , in Connecticut in the late 1980s . In late 1988 , Crowe tried to sell Sohus ' pickup truck to a man in Connecticut . When he could n't produce the proper paperwork for the truck , the prospective buyer reported him to police . Connecticut police soon learned that Chichester and Crowe were the same person , although at that time , no one knew that his true name was Gerhartsreiter . Crowe disappeared before police could question him . He resurfaced in Manhattan in 1993 as Clark Rockefeller . On May 5 , 1994 , the workers digging in the backyard of the San Marino home to install a swimming pool for the home 's new owners discovered the remains . It was not until 2010 that the remains were identified . The investigation heated up again when authorities learned shortly after the 2008 kidnapping that Gerhartsreiter was not Clark Rockefeller . He was arrested in Baltimore , where he was hiding out with his daughter . He had already assumed a new identity : a ship 's captain named Chip Smith who , with his daughter Muffy , was relocating to Chile . His second wife , Harvard-educated financial executive Sandra Boss , testified at the kidnapping trial that she spent more than a dozen years with him before growing suspicious that Rockefeller was not who he said he was . They met in New York and were married in Nantucket , Massachusetts . Their daughter , Reigh , was born on May 24 , 2001 , and her father nicknamed her "  Snooks . " The couple divorced in 2007 after Boss hired a private investigator to conduct a background check , according to testimony at the kidnapping trial .	NEW : Almost entire skeleton found after skull 's discovery , anthropologist testifies The fractured skull received at least three blows , a forensic pathologist says Christian Karl Gerhartsreiter is accused of murder He led a life of multiple identities and once claimed to be "  Clark Rockefeller "
CNN  -- Brazilian football icon Pele has told CNN his record during a playing career spanning 25 years is unrivalled by anyone else in the sport . The former Santos striker was part of three World Cup winning Brazil squads and was named FIFA player of the century in 2000 . The 70-year-old , whose full name is Edson Arantes do Nascimento , said modern players do not achieve success over a prolonged period like their illustrious predecessors . "  Nobody did what Pele did , " the one-time New York Cosmos forward told CNN . "  Being champion of the world at 17-years-old , won three World Cups , scored more than 1,208 goals , only him . "  Then until now nobody did this , to me , Pele is the best . You can mention players that played for 10 years , for example -LSB- Franz -RSB- Beckenbauer , -LSB- Michel -RSB- Platini , -LSB- Eric -RSB- Cantona , Bobby Charlton , George Best , then come -LSB- Diego -RSB- Maradona , Zico . "  Those players used to play a long time . Now the players they play one year , two years , then disappear . " His final World Cup was in 1970 and Pele rates the Brazil team that lifted the Jules Rimet trophy in Mexico as the finest the South American country has ever produced . "  In 1958 , 1962 , Brazil had excellent individuals . We had Garrincha , we had Didi , Djalma Santos . Also Pele , -LSB- Mario -RSB- Zagallo were excellent players . But as a team all together I think 1970 was no doubt the best team . " Brazil will host the tournament they have won a record five times in 2014 , and their former number 10 said the nation will be ready for one of sport 's biggest competitions , but Pele warned the speed of preparations must be increased . "  Of course they -LSB- the stadiums -RSB- will be ready . The state of San Paulo ... we do n't decide yet , we do n't start -LSB- building -RSB- the stadium yet . This I think is a little bad for the reputation of Brazil , for the reputation of those who work for Brazil . That 's my worry . " After 18 years with Santos , Pele made the decision to sign with the Cosmos in the now defunct North American Soccer League  NASL  in 1975 . A project to bring back the Cosmos -- which includes former Manchester United striker Cantona as the team 's director of football -- has been launched and Pele is acting as a representative for his former club . "  When I retired , at that time I had a lot of proposals to play in Europe , England , Italy , Spain , Mexico . But I said no , after 18 years I want to rest , because I want to retire . "  They wanted to make soccer big in the United States . That was the reason I come back to play . Then I start my mission . Now I am here because of this . "  We are going to revive New York Cosmos , to be fantastic . Because -LSB- when when I started -RSB- with New York Cosmos -LSB- football -RSB- became a very big sport in the U.S. , and now we come back . "	Pele has told CNN no one can match his achievements in football The Brazilian won three World Cups , more than any other player The 70-year-old is confident his homeland will be ready to host the 2014 World Cup
CNN  -- Gabriel García Márquez , widely regarded as one of the most important contemporary Latin American authors , was admitted to a hospital in Mexico earlier this week , according to the Ministry of Health . The Nobel Prize recipient , known as "  Gabo , " had infections in his lungs and his urinary tract . He was suffering from dehydration , the ministry said . García Márquez , 87 , is responding well to antibiotics , but his release date is still to be determined . "  I wish him a speedy recovery . " Mexican President Enrique Peña wrote on Twitter . García Márquez was born in the northern Colombian town of Aracataca , the inspiration for the fictional town of Macondo , the setting of the 1967 novel "  One Hundred Years of Solitude . " He won the Nobel Prize for literature in 1982 "  for his novels and short stories , in which the fantastic and the realistic are combined in a richly composed world of imagination , reflecting a continent 's life and conflicts , " according to the Nobel Prize website . García Márquez has spent many years in Mexico and has a huge following there . Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos said his country is thinking of the author . "  All of Colombia wishes a speedy recovery to the greatest of all time : Gabriel García Márquez , " he tweeted . CNN en Español 's Fidel Gutierrez contributed to this story .	Gabriel García Márquez has infections that are being treated by antibiotics The 87-year-old author of "  One Hundred Years of Solitude " also dehydrated He was awarded the Nobel Prize for literature in 1982 He was born in Colombia , has lived for many years in Mexico
CNN  -- The trial of Olympic sprinter Oscar Pistorius , charged with murder in the death of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp , will begin in March 2014 , his attorney Kenny Oldwage told CNN on Sunday . The first phase will take place in March , but the entire trial could take place at various times across a year or more due to potential motions and postponements along the way . Pistorius will be served with an indictment Monday following the completion of the investigation . It 's the day that would have been Steenkamp 's 30th birthday . Pistorius is charged with premeditated murder over the February shooting death . The double amputee track star killed the woman he calls the love of his life on Valentine 's Day in his home . He says he mistook her for a home invader . The police investigation team "  is convinced that the accused has a charge to answer , " a police statement said . The athlete 's family said in June that he would resume running using his blade-shaped prosthetic legs . Pistorius has started sprinting again for the sake of his emotional health , not for training to compete again , the family said . Steenkamp 's uncle : I forgive Oscar Pistorious	The trial of Olympic sprinter Oscar Pistorius will begin in March 2014 , his attorney says Pistorius will appear in court Monday to be served with indictment Monday would have been Reeva Steenkamp 's 30th birthday Pistorius says he mistook her for a home invader when he shot her in February
CNN  Thailand 's military-appointed National Legislative Assembly  NLA  has voted 190-18 in favor of impeaching former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra for her role in a controversial rice subsidy program that cost the country billions . Though the vote was largely symbolic , as she had already lost her post , it also carries a five-year ban from politics . The news came hours after the attorney General 's office announced that Yingluck , who was removed from office in May last year days before the military swept to power in a coup , will face criminal charges over the affair . If found guilty , she could face up to 10 years in prison . The rice subsidy program , introduced in 2011 , pledged to pay farmers well above the market rate for their crop . But critics said it wasted large amounts of public funds trying to please rural voters , hurting exports and leaving the government with large stockpiles of rice it could n't sell without losing money . She was eventually put under investigation by Thailand 's National Anti-Corruption Commission  NACC  . In an address to the NLA Thursday , Yingluck denied any wrongdoing and questioned whether the impeachment vote was valid . "  The NACC 's legitimacy in sending the impeachment case for the NLA 's consideration is questionable since the Constitution of 2007 has been revoked ... with the coup d'etat on May 22 , 2014 , " she said . "  I am no longer prime minister since the constitutional court has already removed me , thus there is essentially no ` position ' to impeach me from . "  The legal grounds claimed by the NACC were also invalid , as the target of impeaching me is to ban me from holding any political positions for five years , which is a clear violation of my fundamental rights and liberties . " But the Bangkok Post reported Friday that many NLA members were unconvinced and found she was unable to clear up the accusations against her . They also backed the NACC evidence against her . In a statement translated into English by her office , Yingluck said she would "  continue to fight to prove my innocence to the very end , no matter what the outcome will be . " She said the rice subsidy scheme was "  beneficial for the farmers and the country " and that claims it lost money were wrong and motivated by political bias against her . "  I am not sad because I am the victim of this entire ordeal , but I am sad for the rice farmers and all of the disadvantaged Thai citizens whose lives will return to the vicious cycle of being poor , debt ridden , and being taken advantage of , and most important of all , being denied of their basic democratic rights under the rule of law , " she said . Two weeks before the military coup last May , a Thai court ordered Yingluck 's removal , finding her guilty of violating the country 's constitution in her reassignment of a senior security official in 2011 . That official was replaced by the then-national police chief , whose role in turn was given to Priewpan Damapong . Damapong is the brother of the ex-wife of Thaksin Shinawatra , Yingluck 's brother , who was overthrown as Prime Minister in a military coup in 2006 . Thaksin is living in self-imposed exile to avoid a corruption conviction .	Yingluck Shinawatra says she will "  fight to prove my innocence to the very end " She is being investigated for her role in a failed rice subsidy scheme Ex-PM is the sister of Thaksin Shinawatra , who was overthrown as prime minister in a 2006 military coup
LAS VEGAS , Nevada  CNN  -- Former football great O.J. Simpson , convicted of armed robbery and kidnapping , deserves leniency in sentencing as he is a first-time offender who showed no criminal intent , his attorney says in court papers . O.J. Simpson should receive a six-year sentence in a 2007 hotel room confrontation , his attorney says . Attorney Gabriel Grasso argued that Simpson should receive the minimum sentence , six years . Grasso acknowledged in court papers , "  Clearly Simpson was not using good judgment " during a 2007 hotel room confrontation over sports memorabilia . Simpson could receive a maximum life sentence from Judge Jackie Glass on Friday . A pre-sentencing report recommended an 18-year sentence . On October 3 , a jury convicted Simpson , 61 , and co-defendant Clarence "  C.J. " Stewart of 12 charges , including conspiracy to commit a crime , robbery , assault and kidnapping with a deadly weapon . Watch Stewart talk about the night they were arrested " Their convictions stem from a September 13 , 2007 , fracas at the Palace Station Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas . Prosecutors alleged that Simpson led a group of men who used threats , guns and force to take sports memorabilia from dealers Bruce Fromong and Al Beardsley . Simpson said he was attempting to recover items that belonged to him . Four men charged with Simpson cut deals with the prosecution and testified against him . One testified that Simpson asked him to bring a gun to the encounter . "  These were not crimes committed on strangers , but were acts stemming from prior relationships with the individuals in the room at the Palace Station , " Grasso wrote in the memorandum . "  There was overwhelming evidence at trial that Simpson 's intent was to recover property that was his and only his , " the lawyer argued . "  The trial testimony showed Simpson 's intent was to return anything that did not belong to him . This intention can be heard throughout the recordings of the Palace Station incident . " He added , "  However , there is nothing in the record to show that Simpson evinced a criminal mind or showed the requisite criminal intent . " Because of that and other factors , Grasso wrote , Simpson 's sentence should fall on the low end of the minimum sentencing range . In a sentencing brief for Stewart , 54 , defense attorney E. Brent Byron said his client also should be sentenced to six years , noting he "  did not kill anyone , nor did he bind or gag anyone . " He had no weapon and "  no witness testified that Mr. Stewart knew that weapons were going to be used , " the brief said . Both sentencing memorandums note that one of the victims , Beardsley , did not even want the case prosecuted . Attorneys for both Simpson and Stewart have filed motions seeking a new trial . Simpson 's lawyers cite seven reasons why a new trial should be granted in their brief , including that he was denied a fair hearing when two African-Americans were dismissed from the potential jury pool . An all-white jury convicted the men .	NEW : Probation report recommends 18 years ; defense asks for six O.J. Simpson convicted of robbery , kidnapping in October Judge to sentence Simpson on Friday in Las Vegas sports memorabilia case
CNN  -- When the Department of Justice shut down Megaupload.com last month , it was n't just Megaupload users ' files that went offline . The move prompted changes in the way other file-hosting sites share content and shook up anti-abuse departments across the industry . Since the federal crackdown , third-party aggregate sites no longer link to Megaupload 's video host , Megavideo , which has also been shut down . File host videobb did not respond to questions from CNN regarding its anti-abuse policies , but links to the site 's content were noticeably absent from sites like Side Reel following Megaupload 's shutdown . Direct links to videobb 's movies and TV shows that were available less than a month ago are now gone . The change suggests videobb is stepping up anti-abuse efforts in order to avoid the fate of Megaupload , a Hong Kong-based site which is accused of knowingly hosting illegally pirated material . It would be almost impossible for videobb to completely eliminate illegal content , but just the effort to do so may be enough to shield it from criminal charges . Another file-sharing site , BTJunkie , voluntarily shut down Monday . The site 's founder told TorrentFreak that recent legal action against Megaupload and other similar services was behind his decision . The Department of Justice has accused Megaupload of willfully breaking copyright law and trying to cover up its actions by hiding illegal materials from the site 's public page . Federal prosecutors said the company offered financial incentives for users to illegally upload movies and television shows . It also accused Megaupload officials of discouraging the legitimate use of the site for personal storage by deleting content that was not regularly downloaded . The indictment alleges the company has denied copyright holders an estimated $ 500 million and that those indicted have earned roughly $ 175 million in the process . Attorneys for Megaupload have denied the charges . A Department of Justice representative said in an e-mail the agency will only pursue cases like Megaupload 's where there was "  sufficient evidence of willful criminal conduct . " That means videobb will likely be safe from criminal charges as long as it continues removing illegal content from third-party aggregate sites . If other companies follow suit , the Justice Department will have accomplished what some have suggested was its primary goal -- making an example of Megaupload to convince other file hosts to step up anti-piracy enforcement . However for some , the elimination of Megaupload as a file-hosting option has made vetting pirated content more difficult . Daniel Raimer , a spokesman for Switzerland-based file host RapidShare , said the company 's anti-abuse department has been working overtime since the day last month when Megaupload went offline . The workload is not caused by an increased emphasis on removing copyrighted material , he said , but is necessary to vet a massive influx of files from new customers -- Megaupload 's customers . Raimer said the company has not made any changes or improvements to its anti-abuse policies in the wake of the Megaupload scandal . He said it was n't necessary because RapidShare was already among the toughest in the industry . RapidShare has a three-strike policy for copyright offenders , after which the site deletes users ' accounts and all of their files , a tactic which has proved unpopular with ousted users . "  There 's some trash talk online , but we 're not sad about those comments , " Raimer said . "  We like bad press from pirates . " RapidShare uses a variety of technical tools to catch abusers , but the site also uses a basic search method identical to what might be employed by any home user . Raimer said RapidShare technicians type words like "  movies , free download " into search engines to look for illegal movie and TV show downloads on the site . The process can be tedious for the 17-person team . While they comprise nearly a third of RapidShare 's staff , Raimer said it is impossible for them to check each of the 400,000 files uploaded to RapidShare each day . He estimates about 5 percent of all files are illegal , but his team can only catch and delete about 1 percent of all uploaded files . Raimer said it has been even more difficult to keep up with incoming content since Megaupload 's shutdown because of all the new customers . However despite the increased difficulty , he said RapidShare 's commitment to legitimate file-hosting remains the same . Raimer said RapidShare wants to ensure its new customers understand its business model . "  We do n't provide any incentive to upload illegal content , " he said . "  We are determined to show them we do n't tolerate that . "	Third-party aggregate sites no longer link to Megaupload 's video host , Megavideo The demise of Megaupload as a file-hosting option has made vetting pirated content more difficult RapidShare technicians type words like "  movies , free download " into search engines
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Tipsters are coming forward with additional information regarding actress Natalie Wood 's 1981 drowning death , after authorities announced two months ago they were reopening the case , a Los Angeles County sheriff 's spokesman said Wednesday . "  After the presser , we got a number of calls , and those calls were intriguing , and we 're chasing those down now , " said spokesman Steve Whitmore . Meanwhile , investigators have yet to re-interview a key witness -- Dennis Davern , the captain of yacht owned by Wood and her then-husband , actor Robert Wagner . Davern offered a new account in November about how Wood 's death was reported , saying that Wagner waited hours to call the Coast Guard after Wood went missing off Catalina Island , near the California coast , following an argument the couple had . Whitmore declined to reveal whether detectives plan to talk with Davern , saying he would "  not get into the specifics " of the investigation . Investigators have n't re-interviewed Wagner either . Authorities have no plans to question the actor at this time , but "  who knows where things may go from here tomorrow , " Whitmore said . "  The investigation is not closed . It 's possible we could yield new information that changes this case , " the sheriff 's spokesman said . "  There are leads we 're following up on and have to close them out before we say anything definitive . Sure , there is possible new information that could come out that really changes everything . " In November , homicide investigators decided to take a new look at one of Hollywood 's most enduring mysteries after they were contacted by people who claimed they had additional information about the actress ' drowning , the sheriff 's department said . "  This new information is substantial enough to make us want to take a new look at the case , " Lt. John Corina said at the time . Corina declined to comment directly on statements made by Davern to some media outlets . When asked if the captain could face charges for possibly lying to authorities during the 1981 investigation , Corina responded : "  That , I ca n't say . We 'll probably end up talking to the captain sooner or later , and we 'll assess what he has to say then and now . " Authorities have n't gone into specifics about who they 've interviewed , but did say when they reopened the case that Wagner was n't a suspect . Wood drowned in the Pacific Ocean on November 29 , 1981 , off the isthmus of Catalina Island . She once said in a televised interview that her greatest fear was of dark seawater . Her body was found floating in the water about a mile away from the yacht , wearing a long nightgown , socks , and a down jacket , according to police reports . The autopsy report showed the actress had two dozen bruises on her body , including a facial abrasion on her left cheek and bruises on her arms . "  My sister was not a swimmer and did not know how to swim , and she would never go to another boat or to shore dressed in a nightgown and socks , " said Lana Wood , refering to theories that the actress voluntarily jumped from the boat . Although the county coroner 's office ruled that Wood 's death was an accident , others say the case has n't made sense . In 2010 , Lana Wood told CNN she believes a highly charged argument between her sister and Wagner on the yacht 's back deck preceded Wood 's drowning . She told CNN last year she does not suspect foul play . "  I just want the truth to come out , the real story , " she said . Davern , the former captain of the yacht Splendour , broke his long silence with a detailed account of that day in "  Goodbye Natalie , Goodbye Splendour , " a book he wrote with his friend Marti Rulli . It was published in September 2009 . Davern has said he believes Wood 's death was a direct result of a fight with Wagner . In a lengthy interview with CNN in 2010 , Davern said he now believes the investigation of Wood 's death was incompetent and suggested there was a cover-up . He said he regrets misleading investigators by keeping quiet at Wagner 's request . Wood and Wagner married in 1957 , divorced in 1962 , then remarried in 1972 . They often sailed their yacht off the coast of California and they invited Wood 's "  Brainstorm " co-star , Christopher Walken , to join them on a sail on Thanksgiving weekend in 1981 . The Hollywood rumor mill was abuzz with speculation that Wagner was jealous over Walken , but authorities have said Walken witnessed only the events leading up to an argument between the couple . Wagner admitted his jealousy in his book "  Pieces of My Heart , " also published in September 2009 . He acknowledged that there had been a fight with Wood , writing that he smashed a wine bottle on a table . After Wagner argued with Walken and broke the wine bottle , Wood left in disgust and went to her stateroom , Davern told CNN . Walken also retired to a guest room , Davern added , and Wagner followed his wife to their room . A few minutes later , Davern said , he could hear the couple fighting . Embarrassed , Davern said he turned up the volume on his stereo . At one point , Davern recalled , he glanced out of the pilot house window and saw both Wagner and Wood on the yacht 's aft deck . "  They 'd moved their fight outside ... you could tell from their animated gestures they were still arguing , " he said . A short time later , Wagner , appearing to be distraught , told Davern he could n't find Wood . Davern searched the boat but could n't find her . He noticed the rubber dinghy also was missing . Wagner shrugged and poured them both drinks , Davern said . He suggested his wife had probably gone off in a temper . Wagner 's story , as told in his book , differs from Davern 's . He maintains that after the argument with Walken , Wood went to her room and prepared for bed while he and Walken sat on the deck , cooling off . Wagner writes that he went to check on Wood , but she was n't there . He maintains that he and Davern searched the boat and noticed the dinghy was missing . Wagner assumed his wife had gone ashore on her own , he wrote . He radioed the restaurant on shore where they 'd had dinner and called the harbor master to see if anyone had seen Wood . The dinghy was found about a mile away from the yacht , and a mile from where Wood 's body was found . Wood 's first starring role was as a child in "  Miracle on 34th Street " in 1947 , and she played alongside some of Hollywood 's top leading men -- James Dean in "  Rebel Without a Cause " and Warren Beatty in "  Splendor in the Grass . " She was nominated for Oscars in both of those films , as well as for "  Love With the Proper Stranger "  1963  , according to IMDb . One of her more memorable roles was as Maria in "  West Side Story . " Wagner 's striking good looks landed him roles in dozens of films in the 1950s and '60s before he hit it big in television . He starred in two popular series , "  It Takes a Thief "  1968-70  and "  Hart to Hart "  1979-84  , and more recently as Number Two in the "  Austin Powers " spy spoofs .	NEW : Police receive "  intriguing " information after recent press conference NEW : Detectives have yet to interview the yacht captain Wagner waited 4 hours to call the Coast Guard , yacht captain says Natalie Wood drowned off Catalina Island near Los Angeles in 1981
CNN  -- The United States is providing millions of dollars to fund the trial of Charles Taylor , the former Liberian president charged with war crimes for his alleged role in a civil war that killed tens of thousands . Taylor is accused of fueling a bloody civil war in Liberia and neighboring Sierra Leone that led to widespread murder , rape and mutilation . He has pleaded not guilty to charges that include five counts of crimes against humanity and five counts of war crimes . Taylor is on trial at the Special Court for Sierra Leone in The Hague , Netherlands . United Nations officials and the Sierra Leone government jointly set up a special tribunal to try those who played the biggest role in the atrocities . Washington said it expedited the $ 4.5 million grant because the court is facing a financial crisis , and the U.S. urged the international community to donate to the court before its financial resources run out . "  By all calculations , the court would have run out of money by early December , which could have jeopardized the continuation of the Charles Taylor trial before the court reached a verdict , " the State Department said in a news release Tuesday . Officials moved the trial from the Sierra Leone capital of Freetown because of concerns it would spark instability in the region . It 's the first time an African head of state has faced mass atrocities and war crimes charges at an international tribunal . "  The Taylor prosecution delivers a strong message to all perpetrators of atrocities , including those in positions of power , that they will be held accountable , " the State Department said . Prosecutors allege that Taylor , who was president of Liberia from 1997 to 2003 , fueled the lengthy civil war that killed tens of thousands using riches from a diamond trade . The so-called blood diamonds are mined in war zones to support rebels and warlords . Blood diamonds have fueled bloody conflicts in Africa for more than a decade . The trial has included testimony from actress Mia Farrow and supermodel Naomi Campbell . In August , Campbell testified that Taylor gave her "  dirty-looking " uncut diamonds in 1997 as a gift . Prosecutors were hoping her testimony would tie him to blood diamonds . The trial opened in 2007 , but Taylor boycotted the first session . It 's expected to end by next year , and the appeals process could end by 2012 , according to the State Department .	Washington says it expedited the $ 4.5 million grant because court is in a financial crisis The former Liberian president is on trial at an international tribunal in The Hague He is accused of fueling a civil war that led to widespread murder , rape and mutilation Taylor is the first African head of state to face mass atrocities charges at international tribunal
PEOPLE.com  -- They 're going for an even 20 ! Michelle and Jim Bob Duggar , stars of TLC 's "  19 Kids and Counting , " are expecting their 20th child this spring . "  We are so excited , " says Michelle , 45 , who is now about three-and-a-half months into her pregnancy and due in April . "  I feel good . I am past the sickness stage now . " The Tontitown , Ark. , couple , who are parents to children Joshua , 23  who is married to Anna , 23 and has two children , Mackynzie , 2 and Michael , 4 months  , twins Jana and John-David , 21 ; Jill , 20 ; Jessa , 19 ; Jinger , 17 ; Joseph , 16 ; Josiah , 15 ; Joy-Anna , 14 ; twins Jedidiah and Jeremiah , 12 ; Jason , 11 ; James , 10 ; Justin , 8 ; Jackson , 7 ; Johanna , 6 ; Jennifer , 4 ; and Jordyn , 3 , weathered the medical emergency of their youngest daughter , Josie 's birth on Dec. 10 , 2009 . She was born following Michelle 's preeclampsia diagnosis at a mere 25 weeks , weighing only 1lb. , 6 oz . Josie 's medical drama -- and Michelle 's own fight for survival -- was documented throughout their TV series . Josie will turn 2 in December and is developing normally , without any longterm effects from her premature birth . "  It is a miracle . Josie is the most energetic , busy little almost-2-year-old , " says Michelle . "  She is short , and yet she can keep up with the big girls and she thinks she is just as big as they are . We are amazed at what she can do . " Questions About the Pregnancy Following Josie 's life-threatening arrival into the world , the Duggars understand that some might question their latest pregnancy . "  Michelle is probably in better health now than she was 10 years ago , " says Jim Bob , 46 . "  She has been getting on an elliptical for about an hour a day and is very careful of what she eats . " Michelle , who is under the care of a high-risk pregnancy doctor , says she is being cautious , eating a lot of protein and green vegetables and abstaining from caffeine . Approximately 10 to 15 percent of women have preeclampsia -- Michelle had it with her second pregnancy -- and the condition can strike randomly . Women who have had it previously are at higher risk , however . "  We are just going to do the best we can , " says Michelle . "  I am taking a nap every day , and we are just taking good care . " Jim Bob agrees : "  If we had lived by fear after Michelle had preeclampsia after her second delivery , we would have missed out on all our wonderful blessings , " he says . "  So many of her pregnancies have gone extremely well . " One completely new aspect of this pregnancy ? Michelle will have her very first scheduled Cesarean section since Josie 's premature birth required a special cut on the inside of her uterus . "  I 've never had a planned C-section , " Michelle says . "  So this one will be different . " Spreading the News Also different : how to tell 19 siblings that one more is on the way . Jim Bob gathered all the kids together for a family picture , but instead of telling them to say "  cheese , " told them to say , "  Mom 's going to have another baby ! " "  The kids were all asking , ` Are you joking or are you serious ? ' " says Michelle . "  It was a big surprise . The little ones started jumping up and down when they realized he was serious . " After hugs and high fives all around , the siblings are now debating the baby 's gender and name . The Duggars , who heard the baby 's heartbeat in a recent ultrasound , expect to find out whether they are having a boy or girl around Christmas . The Season 5 finale of "  19 Kids and Counting " airs 9 p.m. Tuesday on TLC . The special "  Duggars World Tour : Scotland & Ireland , " showing a newly pregnant Michelle traveling to Europe with the whole family , premieres November 13 , at 8 p.m. on TLC . See the full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  We are so excited , " says Michelle Duggar "  Josie is the most energetic , busy little almost-2-year-old , " says Michelle "  We are just going to do the best we can , " says Michelle
CNN  As the world awaits a possible nuclear agreement between the United States and Iran , let us not forget : This is the second time in two years that President Barack Obama has pursued a nonproliferation deal with an unreformed regime in the Middle East . In doing so , he has ignored the regimes ' fundamental nature and the catastrophic costs these efforts have inflicted upon regional stability and U.S. national security . This month brought familiar news : more chemical weapons attacks allegedly by dictator Bashar al-Assad against his fellow Syrians . Just in June , the administration declared the success of its deal to remove al-Assad 's chemical weapons , which had been prompted by his August 2013 sarin attacks on Syrian civilians and the threat of U.S. airstrikes in response . The deal did yield an important victory -- the removal and destruction of more than 1,200 metric tons of al-Assad 's chemical weapons arsenal , which he can no longer use to threaten Syrians and Israel or fall into terrorist hands . However , with his actions as evidence , it was a deal that al-Assad likely knew he could manipulate . Even while the deal was underway , al-Assad continued to attack Syrian civilians and the opposition with weaponized chlorine bombs , exploiting a loophole in the agreement . The deal was also fundamentally flawed in that it relied upon al-Assad to declare his stockpile voluntarily without sufficient third-party verification . Just weeks after claiming success , the administration quietly acknowledged that al-Assad had secretly retained some of his most lethal chemical weapons . Al-Assad has also failed to destroy some of his chemical weapons facilities , as the agreement required . The deal made al-Assad a partner of sorts to the administration despite the grisly , mass atrocities he continued to commit . During implementation , the administration limited its support to the moderate opposition and did little else to pressure the regime to restrain its attacks on civilians or to allow a political transition . About 50,000 more Syrians were killed in the conflict during these months -- mostly at the hands of the regime -- and the displacement of millions of Syrians throughout the region continued . Meanwhile , ISIS further exploited the civil war , expanding into security voids . There are several troubling parallels between the administration 's deal with al-Assad and the one it is now pursuing with Tehran . Both represent deep cynicism or a fundamentally naïve understanding of the regimes with which we are negotiating . In both cases , the administration has tried to reach common ground with the world 's foremost sponsors of terrorist groups such as Hezbollah , Hamas and al Qaeda -- which these regimes have funded , trained or sheltered . All of this was true before the administration started these negotiations , and it remains true today . Neither Tehran nor al-Assad has changed ways and chosen normalization with the international community . To the contrary , external factors forced them into situations in which they had to cooperate at least ostensibly on isolated issues -- al-Assad on chemical weapons due to threatened airstrikes and Tehran on its nuclear program due to crippling sanctions . Both have only reluctantly engaged and have taken steps to delay , obstruct and circumvent verifiable agreements . As continues to be the case with al-Assad , Tehran has been emboldened by the administration 's approach . It has increased lethal support to al-Assad in Syria , deployed troops and supported sectarian militias in Iraq , and ramped up aid to other militant groups , including the insurgent Houthis in Yemen . These activities are now exacerbating the very humanitarian and terrorist crises that Iran helped cause by preventing political compromise in Iraq and Syria . As was the case with al-Assad , a deal will effectively make Tehran a partner to the administration in which the White House accepts the Iranian regime 's legitimacy by virtue of the agreement . And there will still be little confidence that Tehran will actually honor the terms of any deal it accepts . Even while negotiations have been underway , Iran has been caught procuring illicit nuclear technology . The regime has a track record of concealing nuclear facilities and obstructing the International Atomic Energy Agency 's access to others , including its infamous Parchin base . As IAEA Director General Yukiya Amano confirmed again this week , Tehran has still only partially answered one of the IAEA 's long-standing , 12 questions on possible military dimensions of its passed nuclear activities . Amid his continued calls for "  death to America , " Iran 's Supreme Leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , tweeted his demand just last week that sanctions be lifted immediately as a part of any deal , not as a result of verified observance of a deal . Tehran has demonstrated repeatedly that it will not allow verification of its passed activities or allow actual compliance to be a prerequisite for further sanctions relief . Without a complete understanding of Iran 's program , the international community does not have the information it needs for a responsible deal . A regime so committed to supporting terrorism , violently oppressing its own people and others , threatening U.S. national security and destroying Israel can not be trusted . And without trust and verification there can be no acceptable deal . The world has witnessed the results of such a naïve arrangement before -- an unprecedented rise of terrorism , a grave humanitarian crisis and a blatant disregard for human life . We are seeing it once again in response to the administration 's efforts with Iran . As we learned with Syria 's al-Assad , making a deal with a terrorist-supporting tyrant yields disaster down the road . Let 's not make that mistake twice .	Cathy McMorris Rodgers : Obama administration let Syria get away with continued chemical weapons capability She says the Iran nuclear talks have the U.S. heading down the same dangerous road
CNN  -- Hundreds of people were being evacuated from their homes in Missouri after a levee was breached Monday night . Officials in St. Charles County near St. Louis activated warning sirens after the levee broke , a statement from the county said . Earlier Monday , a bridge connecting West Alton , Missouri , and Alton , Illinois , was shutdown after a temporary flood barricade gave way . Forecasters say there could be major flooding Tuesday . The Mississippi River at St. Louis was 10.1 feet above flood stage Monday night , according to the U.S. Geological Survey website . Flood warnings and advisories were in effect from counties in northern Illinois down to Louisiana . As authorities dealt with rising water in Missouri and Illinois , officials in Oklahoma wrapped up another day of looking for people who remained missing after last week 's tornadoes and heavy rain . The fate of the five missing people remains uncertain , officials said . Searchers found the body of an 8-year-old girl Monday afternoon , Oklahoma City Deputy Fire Chief Marc Woodard said . She drowned in the Deep Fork River . At least 18 people died in the storm , authorities said Monday . Among them were four people who died Saturday in separate drowning incidents , according to officials . Also killed were seven members of an extended family from Guatemala -- including four children -- who died when they were swept away by rains after hiding from the approaching weather in a storm drain . One woman remains missing . The flash flooding swept some bodies up to 5 miles downstream , Woodard said . The family grew panicked when they saw reports of tornadoes and sought shelter in the storm drain , a 7-foot drop from their property , which , in the end , was not hit by high winds . But suddenly the water in the drain rose quickly . The high , powerful water hurled them through the dark concrete tunnel . The brother of one of the women who died said , "  I have an emptiness in my heart because I 've lost my sister . " Family and friends searched a muddy creek Monday looking for an eighth body . Other deaths came in wake of storm In eastern Oklahoma County , a 65-year-old man on his way to work was killed early Saturday when he drove off a washed out bridge and drowned in a creek . Three others who died were storm chasers : Timothy Samaras , his son Paul and Carl Young . The damage was n't confined to Oklahoma . In Missouri , a twister left more than 10 miles of significant damage "  that caused dozens and dozens of houses to be literally blown up , " Gov. Jay Nixon told CNN affiliate KSDK . No one was killed in that tornado , but three people drowned in Missouri , Nixon said . And in Arkansas , flooding killed at least four people : a sheriff 's deputy , a wildlife officer and two women they were trying to save from a deluged home . ` Memories just tossed about ' But it was Oklahoma City and its surrounding areas that sustained most of the damage . The storm system mowed down power lines and uprooted trees , flipped big rigs on their sides and ripped off part of the terminal roof at Oklahoma City 's Will Rogers World Airport , where some 1,500 area residents had taken shelter in a tunnel . The twisters tore open brick houses like cartons , sucking out their contents and tossing them out onto lawns . "  It 's a sombering thing to think about life and to see all your memories just tossed about , " Kris Merritt said as he surveyed the damage at his parents ' house . "  Everything from your childhood on up . " Though Friday 's tornadoes were not as strong as the EF-5 twister that killed 24 people on May 20 , fear drove some people to flee in cars , ignoring warnings not to drive . Some drove on the wrong side of the highway . Interstates turned into parking lots . ` We were overwhelmed ' Once the tornadoes passed , Oklahomans faced a new threat : floods . Eight to 11 inches of rain hosed Oklahoma City , stranding motorists and hitting apartments in low-lying areas of town hard . "  We saw flooding in areas that we do n't see flooding , " said police Lt. Jay Barnett . "  We were overwhelmed . " The National Weather Service said there was a possibility of severe storms in central Oklahoma on Tuesday night that could bring large hail , damaging wind and localized flooding . CNN 's Marlena Baldacci , Jackie Castillo , Joe Sutton , Jake Carpenter , Janet DiGiacomo , Dave Alsup , David Ruff , Gustavo Valdes and Catherine Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : Mississippi River at major flood level near St. Louis 18 dead , according to authorities in Oklahoma Five people are still missing , officials said Three people drowned in Missouri , and four people were killed by flooding in Arkansas
CNN  -- Actress Lindsay Lohan was released from jail early Monday morning , just hours after she was booked in , authorities said . Lohan , 25 , checked herself into the Century Regional Detention Facility in Lynwood , California , at 8:48 p.m. Sunday , the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department said on its website . By 3:10 a.m. Monday , Lohan had been released , Sheriff 's Deputy Mark Pope said . Last week , a Los Angeles County judge ordered Lohan to serve a 30-day jail term after she admitted she violated her probation on a necklace theft conviction . At the time , Los Angeles County Sheriff spokesman Steve Whitmore said it was likely Lohan could be booked in and booked out the same day . "  It depends on the fluctuations of the day , what 's going on in the jail , " Whitmore said . The actress must work at least 12 days a month at the county morgue until she completes the 53 remaining days on her court-ordered community service , Judge Stephanie Sautner told her . Lohan must also attend 18 psychotherapy sessions . If Lohan misses any of those goals , she will be returned to jail for another 270 days , the judge ruled . "  This is what we really call putting the keys to the jail in the defendant 's hands , " Sautner told Lohan . Lohan 's spokesman , Steve Honig , said Monday , "  Lindsay is very focused on fulfilling her community service obligation so she can put all of this behind her . " The actress admitted violating her probation during a hearing Wednesday . "  You are not to get house arrest or early release , except for that required by the law , " Sautner said . Whitmore said that the early release program is part of the law , meaning Lohan would likely get out quickly due to overcrowding . Lohan did a short stint in jail last year . When Sautner sentenced Lohan to 120 days in jail last May , she ended up serving 35 days of home confinement instead , due to jail overcrowding and state rules that give prisoners credit for good behavior . It was not immediately clear how many days Lohan will actually serve this month if she ends up getting credit for good behavior . Prosecutors said Lohan missed 12 of 20 scheduled workdays at a downtown Los Angeles women 's center , part of the court-ordered community service imposed in May when she pleaded guilty to stealing a necklace from a Venice , California , jewelry store . Lohan was already on probation for two drunken driving convictions from 2007 . She also canceled 14 of 19 scheduled appointments for court-ordered psychotherapy , they said . "  From what I see of you , you need a structure , " Sautner told Lohan last week . The judge instructed Lohan to return to court each month , starting December 14 , to show she is complying with the schedule . If the actress stays on track , her probation would be eased on March 29 , 2012 , Sautner said . If she does n't keep up with the requirements , she will serve the additional 270 days behind bars , the judge said . The full sentence imposed Wednesday was 150 days for the necklace theft probation violation and 150 days for violating probation on the 2007 drunk driving conviction in Beverly Hills . While the original sentence included 360 hours of community service at a downtown Los Angeles women 's center , the judge said she did not want to put the Skid Row charity through the pain of Lohan again . When the judge called The Good Shepherd Center for Homeless Women , the charity refused to take Lohan on as a worker , "  saying you were a bad example , " Sautner said . But Lohan seemed to find a good fit with her work at the Los Angeles County morgue , where Deputy Chief Coroner Ed Winter said she worked four days in the past two weeks cleaning up . "  So , the morgue is willing to keep you , " the judge said . All of her community service work has been transferred there , she said . In October , the actress ' father , Michael Lohan , told HLN 's "  Issues with Jane Velez-Mitchell " program that his daughter should n't be in jail , but in rehab . Michael Lohan was arrested twice in two days last month for violating a court order to stay away from his former girlfriend . CNN learned last week that he is now in an "  administrative confinement " cell in the infirmary section of Orient Road jail in Tampa , Florida , where he was awaiting trial . Lindsay Lohan 's legal woes , which began four years ago with two drunk driving arrests , have been compounded by her failure to attend counseling classes . Her probation is scheduled to end within a year unless Lohan breaks any laws before then . It has been extended several times because of violations , including failed alcohol and drug tests . CNN 's Alan Duke and Maria P. White contributed to this report .	NEW : Lindsay Lohan is focused on "  her community service obligation , " her spokesman says Lohan is released after several hours in jail Lohan was sentenced to 30 days after admitting to violating her probation Judge : A homeless charity rejects Lohan , but "  the morgue is willing to keep you "
Washington  CNN  -- The Transportation Security Administration is failing to adequately report , track and fix airport security breaches , according to the Department of Homeland Security 's inspector general . As a result , the TSA "  does not have a complete understanding " of breaches at the nation 's airports , says a report from the inspector general . The report , published earlier this month , was requested by New Jersey Democratic Sen. Frank Lautenberg after a series of breaches at Newark Airport , including a knife bypassing TSA screening , passengers walking around security checkpoints and a dead dog transported without being screened for explosives . TSA responded to those incidents with "  corrective action , " according to the inspector general , but not all the problems received the same treatment . The TSA took action to fix only 42 % of the security breaches documented at Newark Airport , according to the report . "  There 's no consistency because there is no clear guidance on what to report and when to report , " Charles Edwards , acting inspector general at the Department of Homeland Security , told a congressional hearing on Wednesday . "  One of our recommendations is that they have to have a comprehensive oversight program where they provide clear guidance on how each of the airports need to be reporting and then TSA needs to follow through . " Most of the incidents examined occurred in 2010 , and the report says since then efforts to fix security breach vulnerabilities have improved . Five other large U.S. terminals were visited by inspectors for comparison but the airports ' names were withheld from the public report . Of the six airports visited , records were found detailing efforts to fix the causes of only 53 % of the breaches . Newark was the lowest-scoring . The highest-rated airport reported corrective action in 88 % of the breaches . "  I 'm going to tell you right now the next incident is going to come from the ground . It 's going to come from the shadow of the aircraft , it 's not going to come through the passenger terminal . I 'm telling you that , " said Rep. John "  Chip " Cravaack , R-Minnesota . The inspector general also noted that while the agency did have "  many programs and initiatives that report and track identified security breaches " they were "  not all inclusive or centrally managed . " This lack of comprehensive , centralized data was cited as preventing the use of information to "  monitor trends or make general improvements to security . " Problems with how incidents were categorized in reporting also were outlined in the report . TSA workers at one airport reported "  an improper bag handoff incident " in a database as a "  sterile area access event " while another airport reported four similar incidents as "  security breaches . " Management at the agency concurred with the inspector general 's report . "  TSA acknowledges that it can further develop and expand its oversight programs for gathering and tracking airport security breaches , " wrote administrator John Pistole . "  TSA currently collects thousands of records of incidents and security breaches occurring at airports and other transportation facilities , " TSA spokesman David Castelveter told CNN in an e-mail . "  TSA is coordinating appropriate revisions to relevant Operations Directives to develop a single definition of ` Security Breach , ' addressing  the inspector general 's  recommendation . " CNN 's Lizzie O'Leary and Jim Barnett contributed to this report .	Inspector general says the TSA "  does not have a complete understanding " of breaches Breaches at Newark Airport included a knife bypassing TSA screening "  There is no clear guidance on what to report and when to report , " an official says Aministrator says TSA "  can further develop and expand its oversight programs "
CNN  -- "  Shh ... shh get back , " the man with the walkie-talkie said . "  We 're filming . " Contadora , one of Panama 's Pearl Islands , draws visitors with beautiful beaches and excellent snorkeling . We had stumbled onto the set of a "  Survivor " - like television show . But I 'm getting ahead of myself . First let me tell you how we stumbled onto the Pearl Islands in Panama , and then I 'll tell you how we came upon the Orange Tribe on the island of Mogo Mogo . Every year , my husband and I take my niece on a summer vacation . This year , we decided to go to Panama . Besides the canal , Panama has a lot to offer : There are mountains , beaches , colonial cities and rain forests . After we found a $ 158 round trip flight from Miami , Florida , the decision was made . My only fear was the weather ; it was rainy season in Central America . After weeks of research , I was torn . We had enough time to visit one set of islands , and there were two island chains that I was having a hard time choosing between . The San Blas Islands are off the northeast coast of Panama in the Caribbean . They 're also known as Kuna Yala and are home to the Kuna Indians . It would be a chance to see the Kunas up close , living as they have for centuries in grass huts along the water 's edge . The other option was the Pearl Islands . The Archipiélago de las Perlas , less well-known than the San Blas , is off the southern Pacific coast of Panama . After an agonizing week of self-debate , I decided that our summer vacation would include a trip to the Pearl Islands . The flight was only 20 minutes from Panama City , but more importantly , I was told it did n't rain as much on the Pacific side . The sales pitch to my niece : "  We are going to where the 2003 edition of ` Survivor ' and ` Survivor : All-Stars ' were filmed . " I was referring to the popular American reality TV show , and I did n't realize that dozens of other countries had their own versions . I admit my destination choice was not as educational as a few days with the Kuna Indians , but I thought it would be better than being rained in with a bored teenager . After a short flight from Panama City in a puddle jumper , we were on the island of Contadora , one of hundreds that make up the Pearl Islands and one of three that can be reached by commercial flight . It 's a tiny island with a handful of places to stay and even fewer places to get a meal . Golf carts , the primary mode of transportation , can be rented upon arrival . All of Contadora 's entertainment is provided by the sea . It 's a beach bum 's paradise . If you are a beach bum and a reality TV fan , you can sit on the sand and watch props being built for the contestants ' challenges . It 's probably the best set shop in the world , or at least the one with the nicest view . But the Pearl Islands offer more than just an exotic TV set . For $ 30 an hour , you can go snorkeling and island hopping in a small but comfortable wooden fishing boat . We found Niño , our boat captain and guide , on Playa Larga , the beach in front of the Contadora Beach Resort . We did some of the best snorkeling I 've ever done anywhere in the world . After a morning of fantastic snorkeling , I asked Niño where "  Survivor " was filmed . "  Close by . I will take you there , " he said . Niño took us to Mogo Mogo , one of many uninhabited islands just off the shore of Contadora . As the island 's white sandy beaches came into sight , we noticed a clearing where people were putting finishing touches on what looked like a game for contestants . Our boat captain told us it was for "  Desafío "  "  Challenge "  , a Colombian version of the popular reality show . The word on Contadora was that a few countries  Bulgaria , Serbia and Israel , to name a few  were either finishing filming "  Survivor " - type shows or starting new seasons . A representative for the Panamanian Institute of Tourism told me the government had limited information on the filming and could not confirm the word on the street . We jumped out of the boat , waded through the clear , warm blue water and onto Mogo Mogo , unacknowledged as work continued on the wooden set . Noticing a well-worn path , we decided to check out the rest of the island . We thought we were alone when we reached the beach on the other side . But as we walked down what we thought was a deserted beach , we spotted an orange flag in the sand . We knew the American "  Survivor " was filmed on this island , but we did not expect to be standing in front of contestants in orange buffs , sitting on a log in the shade . This is when the man with the walkie-talkie shushed us because they were filming . The locals talk about the shows and the many countries they hail from , but they do n't seem to capitalize on the "  Survivor " fame . Contadora locals certainly make money off the film staff , medics and contestants , but evidently they have n't printed the T-shirts yet . The only shirts we saw were on the backs of others that identified them as "  Survivor Crew . " Perhaps a true fan could purchase a shirt directly off someone 's back . The island is only so big , and you are bound to run into a crew from some country . One night , we were the only non-reality show customers in Gerald 's restaurant , a popular place for beer and pizza . After our innocent but failed attempt at a guest appearance on "  Desafío , " we returned to the basic comforts on Contadora . That night , as we relaxed in a restaurant -- cold drinks in hand , a warm hearty meal just ordered -- darkness fell . The rain , as it often does in the tropics , started coming down in sheets . I leaned back and thought to myself , "  If I was a contestant , tonight I would vote myself off of Mogo Mogo . "	"  Survivor " and similar shows have been filmed on Panama 's Pearl Islands The island of Contadora is a 20-minute flight from Panama City Beaches and marine exploration are the main sources of entertainment
CNN  -- You might think of Italy 's fashion capital when you hear the word Milan , but pop singer Shakira and soccer star Gerard Pique say that is n't what they had in mind when they named their baby boy . Milan Pique Mebarak was born at 9:36 p.m. Tuesday in Barcelona , Spain , according to an announcement posted on Shakira 's website . Mebarak is Shakira 's seldom-used surname . "  The name Milan  pronounced MEE-lahn  , means dear , loving and gracious in Slavic ; in Ancient Roman , eager and laborious ; and in Sanskrit , unification , " the announcement said . The 35-year-old Colombian singer first revealed her pregnancy in September , canceling a scheduled weekend concert appearance at a music festival in Las Vegas . Last week , a black-and-white photo on her website showed a pregnant Shakira , wearing a bikini top , standing beside her 25-year-old boyfriend , who plays for Spain 's FC Barcelona . The couple called for donations to UNICEF as part of a "  world baby shower " for them to raise money for gifts such as polio vaccines , therapeutic food and rehydration salts "  for the benefit of babies everywhere . " While their son is n't on the soccer field yet , on Tuesday , Shakira 's website said , "  Just like his father , baby Milan became a member of FC Barcelona at birth . " Milan , the couple 's first child , weighed approximately 6 pounds , 6 ounces . "  Both mother and child are in excellent health , " the announcement said . CNN 's Nelson Quinones contributed to this report .	Milan Pique Mebarak was born in Barcelona , Spain His name "  means dear , loving and gracious in Slavic , " according to Shakira 's website Shakira and Gerard Pique called for UNICEF donations as part of a "  world baby shower "
A judge 's decision 27 years ago to throw the book at Jonathan Pollard still reverberates today . Tuesday 's news headlines focused on an effort to save imperiled Middle East peace talks , with a possible deal including Pollard 's release from the life prison sentence that the U.S. naval intelligence analyst received in 1987 for providing stacks of classified documents to Israel . Then as now , the case involves a convergence of diplomatic , political and religious issues that strain U.S.-Israel relations and evoke emotional , bordering on zealous , reactions in both countries . To the U.S. intelligence and justice communities , Pollard is a turncoat who betrayed his oath and country , not an American Jew who acted out of allegiance to Israel . U.S. intelligence community : no early release "  Mr. Pollard 's apologists portray him as a sort of dual patriot : loyal to the United States , but also motivated to help Israel , " former FBI lawyer and national counterintelligence official M.E. Bowman wrote in the New York Times in January . "  In fact , he was primarily a venal and selfish person who sought to get rich . " To many Israelis and American Jews , Pollard wanted to help a U.S. ally by providing Israel intelligence information he believed the country should have . Israel has repeatedly sought Pollard 's release over past decades . "  It is time for the American Jewish community to put the Pollard case to rest -- not by letting him rot in prison , but by standing up against a real injustice , " said an editorial in Tablet Magazine , an online journal dedicated to Jewish affairs , in response to Bowman 's op-ed . Will U.S. free spy Jonathan Pollard ? On March 4 , 1987 , U.S. District Judge Aubrey Robinson Jr. rejected a plea agreement reached by federal prosecutors and Pollard that offered the possibility of something less than the maximum life sentence in return for an admission of guilt . Journalists covering the case believed Pollard would get 25 years and perhaps less , with the chance for early parole , recalled CNN 's Wolf Blitzer , whose book "  Territory of Lies " chronicled the case . If he had been given the lesser sentence , Pollard would be free today . Maximum sentence Instead , Robinson imposed the maximum life term , meaning no chance for parole for at least 25 years . According to Blitzer 's book , Robinson cited the damage to U.S. national security caused by Pollard 's leaks , as then-Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger asserted in a classified memo to the court . In the memo , parts of which were later declassified and published in Blitzer 's book , Weinberger said he sought to "  dispel any presumption that disclosures to an ally are insignificant ; to the contrary , substantial and irrevocable damage has been done to this nation . " The memo noted that many documents that Pollard gave Israel were originals that included details on sourcing and the identifications of U.S. agents abroad , potentially putting them at risk . "  Unauthorized disclosures to friendly powers may cause as great a harm to the national security as to hostile powers because , once the information is removed from secure control systems , there is no enforceable requirement nor any incentive to provide effective controls for its safekeeping , " Weinberger 's memo said , according to Blitzer 's book . "  Moreover , it is more probable than not that the information will be used for unintended purposes , " the memo continued . "  Finally , such disclosures will tend to expose a larger picture of U.S. capabilities and knowledge , or lack thereof , than would be in the U.S. interest to reveal to another power , even to a friendly one . " The Tablet Magazine editorial , however , argued that the Pollard detractors overstated the risk created by the materials he provided to Israel , saying "  the suggestion that passing satellite photos or communications intelligence to a friendly country is a crime on a par with causing the death of a U.S. agent in the field defies common sense . " Possible agreement An Israeli official told CNN on Tuesday that Pollard could be released before the upcoming Jewish holiday of Passover as part of an agreement to extend the Israeli-Palestinian peace negotiations into 2015 . Under the proposal , the Palestinians would refrain from taking their case for statehood to international bodies such as the United Nations while the talks continue , the Israeli official said . Meanwhile , Israel would release more Palestinian prisoners and limit its construction of new settlements in disputed territory , according to sources familiar with the talks . A Palestinian spokesman dismissed reports of any deal , and U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry also said that no agreement existed "  at this point in time regarding anyone , or any specific steps , " adding "  there are a lot of different possibilities in play . " At the White House , spokesman Jay Carney said U.S. President Barack Obama has made no decision on releasing Pollard . However , Carney made clear that the paramount goal remained a Middle East peace agreement . "  The need for and benefits of a peace between the Israelis and Palestinians , a peace that provides the Palestinians with their own state and provides security to a democratic Jewish state of Israel transcends  the Pollard  issue and any others that are part of the discussions that we have , " Carney said . Israeli hardliner : Do n't free murderers to get Pollard out In Israel , hardliners who support the release of Pollard say it should happen as part of the U.S. judicial process , rather than in a deal involving the release of Palestinian prisoners . Uri Ariel of the Jewish Home Party said he opposed freeing "  murderers " in exchange for Pollard 's release . Meanwhile , a U.S. law enforcement official told CNN that Pollard effectively withdrew his parole application on Tuesday by waiving a hearing . There was no immediate explanation for the move by Pollard , who is eligible for parole in November 2015 . Charles Leeper , a former U.S. attorney who prosecuted Pollard , told CNN 's Evan Perez that any decision to let Pollard out should include a specific condition . "  If the professional diplomats and intelligence officials do decide to release Pollard to Israel , " he said , "  in my opinion , it should only be on the condition that Israel agrees to keep him and will not try to send him back . " Opinion : Trade a spy , get Middle East peace ?	The life sentence given to a spy for Israel in 1987 still reverberates today Israel has sought Jonathan Pollard 's release for decades U.S. intelligence and justice officials oppose any early release The issue touches on diplomatic , political and religious concerns
Uriel Sinai 's affection for Kazakhstan started as a straightforward reporting assignment . The World Press Photo award-winning photographer went to Kazakhstan and other central Asian republics in 2006 to capture how they had changed since the collapse of the Soviet Union . "  It was quite amazing , I did n't expect to see what I saw there , " he says . Visually , it was the blend of the new and the old that attracted him to Kazakhstan . "  Seeing the mixture of things that are very much Soviet-like and then the current Kazakhstan , with its wealth and money , " he says . "  That really struck me . " Being an Iran-born Israeli national , Sinai 's chances of ever visiting his real birthplace are slim . Having no memories of Iran  he left as a baby  , he looks for hints of his birthplace elsewhere . "  I am always trying to feel the place . Everywhere I go , I am trying to feel this place that I am not able to go to . " Kazakhstan and its vast steppes , rural areas , mosques and arid climate reminded him of Iran more than anything . "  I think it is as close as I can get to somewhere close to where I came from , " he says . He says he felt the connection while driving for hours through the rural countryside . ` You can really feel it in Kazakhstan , " he says . "  You can feel Iran in the air . "	Uriel Sinai won the World Press Photo for his coverage of Israeli resettlement from the Gaza Strip In 2006 , he traveled to post-soviet republics to document the change in the region His photos explores the post-soviet revival of Islam in Kazakh culture
CNN  -- Haiti 's orphanages have become targets for people desperate for food , water and medical supplies in the aftermath of the devastating magnitude 7.0 earthquake . On Wednesday night , Maison de Lumiere , an orphanage caring for 50 orphans , came under attack from a group of 20 armed men , aid workers told the Joint Council on International Children 's Services . A neighboring orphanage sheltering about 135 children has been robbed several times over the past few days , they said . Meanwhile , aid workers said a third orphanage caring for 17 orphans reported that townspeople are trespassing and tapping into the water supply that is reserved for the children . "  It was calm at first , but the situation is getting more desperate , " said David Beck , pastor at Child Hope International , the nonprofit that oversees Maison de Lumiere . No shots were fired in the attack on the orphanage , and security guards were able to drive off the marauders , he said . But one orphanage worker was hit in the head with a rock , he said . "  If people think you have food , then they will come after it , " Beck said . The orphanage is rationing what food and water it does have , he said . Haiti is the poorest nation in the Western hemisphere , and experienced high rates of poverty and disease even before the quake . The quake has made the situation far more desperate . Looting is becoming a big concern for the orphanages as fear and frustration mount and help is slow to arrive , said Tom DiFilipo of the Joint Council on International Children 's Services , a U.S.-based advocacy group for children in need of families . To protect the children , some orphanages are on lock-down , according to volunteers working with the relief agencies . "  When bringing in supplies to an orphanage , you can only bring in a day or two day 's worth , " said DiFilipo . "  If you bring more than that , the locals come in . " This week 's raids are included on a growing list of difficulties facing orphanages that is being compiled by the Joint Council on International Children 's Services . DiFilipo said he expects the challenges of food , medical aid and security to continue affecting the orphanages for weeks . For every Haitian orphan brought to safety in the United States and elsewhere , thousands more are left behind to face the primitive conditions resulting from last week 's earthquake . There is no accurate count of how many orphanages have experienced looting and other attacks . Since the quake , the Joint Council on International Children 's Services has received dozens of phone calls , text messages and e-mails from orphanages reporting problems ranging from food shortages to security threats . The agency is in touch with about 50 orphanages in Haiti and the reports are updated daily . The group is also working with members of Congress , the Red Cross and other aid agencies to relay the messages . Before the quake , Haiti had 380,000 orphans , according to UNICEF . It is still too early to determine how many children were orphaned by the quake . The people of Haiti have grown desperate for food , water and assistance since the quake decimated the capital last week , toppling buildings , cutting power , contaminating water supplies and ravaging roads . The conditions for children in Haiti are bleak , aid officials said . Orphans are sleeping outside or in makeshift tents . Facilities are running low on food , water and medical supplies . Some orphanages have already reported deaths . Ruuska Village , an orphanage in the Bon Repos section of Port-au-Prince , was looted several times during the first few days after the quake , said volunteer Cherie Shropshire . Security was inadequate after 80 percent of the building was damaged , she said . The locks were broken and people stole food , clothes and supplies , but the orphanage was able to keep its generator protected , Shropshire said . "  Another aftershock that woke us so roughly on Wednesday morning and a wall tumbling down on our heads , children starving , the orphanage being looted as the frustration continues to grow regarding the delay in distributing supplies , children dying from sickness . ... , " wrote an American adoption service provider in Haiti in a blog run by the Joint Council on International Children 's Services . Reporting crimes to police is nearly impossible for officials at the damaged orphanages . Many Haitian police officers were injured or killed in the earthquake . Help from private security officers also is hindered by unreliable communication and poor transportation . Security needs to be made a higher priority , said Daniel Kaniewski , deputy director of George Washington University 's Homeland Security Policy Institute . On Tuesday , the United Nations Security Council approved a proposal to send an additional 2,000 soldiers and 1,500 police officers to Haiti . "  Providing security resources is as equally important as providing all of the other kinds of aid in the country , " Kaniewski said . "  Without security , you wo n't be able to effectively distribute to the most needed areas in Haiti . " At Maison de Lumiere , where looters raided on Wednesday night , Beck sees both sides of the story . "  On one hand , the people around the orphanage have been incredibly gracious and mutually supportive since the earthquake , " he said . "  On the other hand , last night 's attack reminds us that there are a few aggressive people whose growing desperation can drive them to attempt to take others ' food and water by force . "	20 men attacked Maison de Lumiere , an orphanage in Port-au-Prince , aid workers say A U.S. advocacy organization is tracking attacks on Haiti 's orphanages Getting food , medical supplies and security top challenges faced by orphanages "  If people think you have food then they will come after it , " one official says
CNN  Christianity was born in Bethlehem , in what 's now the West Bank . It took root among people like the Assyrians , who flourished in ancient Mesopotamia . It soon found a home in places like modern-day Turkey . In other words , Christianity traces its past squarely to the Middle East . But do Christians have a future there ? Recent headlines provide ample evidence for skepticism . It 's hard to ignore the depravity of ISIS beheading 21 Egyptian Christians on a beach in Libya . Nor can one shake off stories of women and children among the 262 Christians captured by ISIS in Syria , one of several horrors faced by Christians in that nation and neighboring Iraq . They 're not just feeling the heat from Islamic extremists : Just this week , police in Jerusalem said they suspected radical right-wing Israelis were to blame for defacing a Greek Orthodox seminary in Jerusalem with slurs maligning Jesus . All this strain , all this chaos has shrunk the percentage of the Middle East 's once-sizable population of openly practicing Christians . While no one is saying what 's happening -- especially given the savagery of ISIS -- is n't alarming , that does n't make it surprising . The Middle East has changed a lot since the first millennium A.D. for Christians . It has also changed a lot over the past century : The percentage of Christians relative to the Mideast 's overall population has gone from 13.6 % in 1910 to 4.2 % in 2010 , and it 's expected to drop even further , according to religious demographers Todd Johnson and Gina Zurlo . "  What we 're seeing right now , " said Baylor University historical theologian Philip Jenkins , "  is the latest phase of something that has been going for 100 years , pretty much . " This is n't to say Christianity itself is dying out . It is growing in places like Africa , Asia , South America and -- believe it or not -- some of the most dogmatic , restrictive nations in the Middle East . This is thanks to migrants who travel from places like the Philippines and Africa to oil-rich countries where Islam is a state-sponsored faith . According to the World Religion Database , places like Qatar and Bahrain have seen their Christian ranks surge from basically nothing a century ago to 10 % and 13 % of their respective populations . Some of these countries are relatively permissive . The United Arab Emirates lets Christians do most everything but evangelize , for example , and Bahrain has top Christian and Jewish officials . On the other end of the spectrum is Saudi Arabia , which does n't allow the practice of anything but Islam . Religious police in Saudi Arabia try to make sure that 's the case . David Curry , whose nonprofit group Open Doors USA helps persecuted Christians in more than 60 countries , calls Saudi Arabia 's control on religious matters "  complete . " "  You 're not allowed to go to church , you 're not allowed to have a Bible , you 're not allowed to think for yourself , " Curry said . Yet that has n't stopped Christians from coming for a simple reason : jobs . They 'll likely keep coming , with the World Religion Database projecting Saudi Arabia will have more than 1.5 million Christians by 2025 . And they do n't necessarily stop believing and professing their faith once they cross the border . "  There are home churches  where people are  practicing their faith in private , " says Zurlo , who helps manage the database and is assistant director of the Center for the Study of Global Christianity . " ... Some of them come as guest workers , but they see themselves as missionaries . " Still , such migrant workers are in the shadows and under threat of deportation , and more , if caught praying openly or communally . They have n't been in the Middle East long , and there 's no guarantee any one of them will stay long , either . That 's in contrast to other Christian communities that have been in the Middle East for centuries . They 're people like Assyrians , whose ancestors were part a cradle of modern civilization . They began converting to Christianity within years of Jesus ' death and have kept the faith despite the growth of Islam in their homeland and , most shockingly , the Assyrian genocide of the 1910s and early 1920s . Now those Assyrians in Iraq and Syria are under fire again . Last August , ISIS militants overran Qaraqosh , a historic Assyrian community of about 50,000 people and Iraq 's largest Christian city . And in recent days , the terrorist group stormed Assyrian villages in northeastern Syria , taking some 262 people hostage , said Assyrian Human Rights Network founder Osama Edward . Others fled for their lives , including about 600 taking refuge in St. Mary 's Cathedral in al-Hasakah , Syria . "  We pray , we pray all the time , " Romel David , who has 12 relatives thought to be among those kidnapped , told CNN affiliate KCRA . "  What we 've heard is it was like a sea of black uniforms marching through all the villages , burning down the churches , desecrating the crosses and wreaking havoc . " ISIS has targeted other Christians in the region as well , like those in Mosul , Iraq , who were told last July to convert to Islam , pay a fine or face "  death by sword . " Curry calls ISIS ' actions against Christians "  genocide . " Yet it should n't obscure the fact that , even before this group 's emergence , the number of Iraqi Christians was on the decline . Some of that 's due to a weak Iraqi central government and general instability . Christians might also be hurt by their historic affiliation with the Baath Party , once led by deposed Saddam Hussein  with the Syrian branch led by embattled President Bashar al-Assad  . Another factor is the rise of militias and politicians who make Islam more central to their missions , to the exclusion of others . Curry , from Open Doors USA , said Iraq had about 1.5 million Christians just over a decade ago . That number is now under 150,000 , something that he attributes to family influences , government actions , communal pressure and targeted violence from militant groups . "  In 10 years from now , " Jenkins added , "  I expect Christians in Iraq will be gone . " A Pew Research Center report released this week found that , in 2013 , that Christians faced harassment in 102 countries . Muslims got similar treatment in 99 nations , and Jews faced harassment in 77 , a seven-year high . Five of the 18 countries with "  very high government restrictions on religion " were in the Mideast , according to the same study . That means that groups like Christians have a tough time in that region , but it 's not the only place nor are they the only ones persecuted . And there is n't anything novel about people of one faith being pitted against another . Still , even when strife involves people from different religions , that does n't mean the discord is all about faith . It can also be about power , with leaders using religion in part to curry popular support and lure recruits . Jenkins notes a "  combination of religious hatred and organized crime " is particularly dangerous , as when hostages are held for ransom or "  tax " revenues are solicited from minorities . When this happens , any "  other " group -- Christians included -- can become a target . ISIS and its leader , Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , are prime examples . Religion for them is almost a means to an end , as a way to create a sense of superiority , rationalize violence and spawn an "  us vs. them " mentality while reaping rewards and amassing territory , said John Esposito , the founder of Georgetown University 's Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal Center for Muslim-Christian Understanding . "  You appeal to religion both to legitimize what you 're doing and to mobilize people , " Esposito said . So what can be done about Christians ' plight in the Middle East ? Some of it likely ca n't be helped , according to Zurlo . With or without ISIS , their number will continue to fall -- something the Massachusetts-based religious demographer asserts is "  not very unusual in the history of Christianity . " "  Christianity has a serial nature : It goes in an area and it thrives , then it  declines  , " Zurlo said . "  It thrived in the Middle East for a very long time . " According to Esposito , one key to slowing this drop or , at least , to making life easier for those Christians who want to be in the Mideast is changing the Muslim world . A vast majority of Muslims denounce extremists like ISIS , but there are still enough who join such groups because they 're angry at their government or others and do not feel they have any better outlet or purpose . When that happens , it 's bad for Christians . "  To prevent the recruits , you have to get at the root causes , " said Esposito , a former consultant to U.S. and other governments . "  And even if you wipe out ISIS , unless those conditions change , you 're going to have other groups that emerge . "	Christianity has long roots in the Middle East , starting with the birth of Jesus Expert : Their numbers have fallen in recent decades and should continue to fall There are exceptions , like migrant workers flooding Gulf states like Saudi Arabia
CNN  -- Amir Khan is a rare thing in sport : A world champion boxer who still lives with his parents and a prominent Muslim who is not afraid to address the image of Islam today . Khan tasted international boxing success when he was just 17 , winning a silver medal at the Olympic Games in Athens in 2004 . Now 23 , he holds the WBA World Light Welterweight title , defended against Pauli Malignaggi in New York in May . But bright lights and big cities have n't distracted the boy from Bolton , an unassuming town in northwest England . He still lives , and for the most part , trains , in his hometown . "  I 'm so close with my family ... my Dad never missed an amateur fight or a professional fight , my uncle 's the same , they 've always been with me that 's why I have so much respect for them , " Khan told CNN . Khan spoke to CNN 's Revealed team after his big fight in New York , about his life as a sportsman , British Muslim and role model . CNN : Why do you love boxing ? Amir Khan : It feels like home , even when I step in the ring . As soon as I walk into any gym in the world I feel at home . I know everything , I know what to do . It just feels so comfortable . I can do what I want there . It feels even more comfortable than walking into my own house and my own bedroom . That 's how much I love boxing . I like to entertain when I 'm in the boxing ring ; I like to show speed , power and explosiveness . It 's an art , people need to see -LSB- it as -RSB- that , not as a violent sport , and when I go into the ring to hurt someone it 's because they 're trying to hurt me . That 's the only reason I hit them back . CNN : Do you enter a different zone as the fight approaches ? AK : I totally enter a different zone . It 's like when I 'm in the gym I 'm 100 percent there ... it 's like autopilot , I 'm just doing it , man , my body 's just making me do whatever . Time starts going slower approaching the fight , maybe four days before the fight , time just stops . CNN : Do you think people look for a race issue when you fight ? AK : Being a Muslim and being a Pakistani a lot of people are going to bring that issue up . I 'm flying the flag for Britain and Pakistan , I 'm proud to be British and British Pakistani , and I think there 's a lot of people , Muslim people , just like me . So , when you do get a lot of people -LSB- talking about -RSB- terrorism and stuff like that , it 's only a very small percentage . There 's a bigger picture out there and I want people to follow my footsteps and do what I 'm doing . CNN : How does your faith help you ? AK : My faith keeps me humble and keeps my feet on the ground . I pray and I do things privately . It gives me strength when I go in the ring . I know I 'm not on my own , I 've got God on my side as well , God 's helping me , God 's going to give me that inner strength to go in there and win the fight . Boxing in the ring is a lonely place , it 's just you and your opponent , no one else , so you know spiritually when you have that help it makes a massive difference . It gives you so much confidence . CNN : Do you sometimes just want to be a boxer without the image ? AK : At times I used to think to myself , I 've got a lot of pressure on me , but I 'm happy with it . People see me as a Pakistani Muslim British fighter . I 'm fine with that and being a role model . CNN : What does it mean to you to be seen as a role model ? AK : It 's nice , I think I 'm probably the only Asian Muslim role model in Britain , there 's no other Muslim , Pakistani , Indian or whatever role model in the country ... that does put pressure on you but I 'm only doing what I love to do . I 'm a boxer , I 'm a normal guy , I 'm never going to change no matter how big I get . I 'm never going to be big-headed and I hate those who are . I never look down on anyone and I 'll always speak to people , I 've got time for my fans ... even if I have to go out of my way to do it , I 'll take a picture , and I 've been doing that and maybe that 's the reason that God gives me so much -- and has given me so much -- success . CNN : Where would you be if it were n't for boxing ? AK : I 've got a lot of friends who were in school with me and they 've taken the wrong path and I think I would 've taken the wrong path with them . I would 've definitely gone the wrong path or maybe still be with my parents . With the respect I have for them , they would 've kept me on the right path , but I would n't be anywhere like where I am now .	Amir Khan is a British boxer and WBA World Light Welterweight champion Khan beat American boxer Pauli Malignaggi in first fight in the U.S. in May Born and raised in Bolton , a town in northwest England ; still lives with family Devout Muslim , he is proud of his family heritage and status as role model
Days after two French journalists were killed in northern Mali , authorities rounded up dozens of suspects and a group linked to al Qaeda claimed responsibility for the deaths . At least 30 suspects were seized in desert camps near the town of Kidal and taken to the local French army base for questioning , three officials in Mali said . The officials did not want to be named because they are not authorized to talk to the media . Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb  AQIM  has allegedly claimed responsibility for the killings , according to Sahara Media news agency in Mauritania . AQIM operates in northern Africa and the group 's statements have shown up before on the Sahara outlet . Radio France International journalists Ghislaine Dupont and Claude Verlon were abducted in front of the home of a member of the Tuareg rebels ' National Movement of a Liberation of Azawad on Saturday , RFI reported . They were found dead the same day . Their bodies arrived in Paris on Tuesday . Kidal was one of the strongholds of the Islamic militant Tuareg uprising last year that plunged Mali into chaos after a military-led coup . Following the coup , Tuareg rebels occupied the northern half of the country . A response to "  crimes " against Muslims in Azawad AQIM said the killings were in response to the "  crimes " perpetrated by France as well as African and international troops against Muslims in Azawad . Azawad is an area in northern Mali that separatist Tuareg rebels describe as the cradle of their nomadic civilization . AQIM said that this is just the beginning and that French President Francois Hollande will pay more in response to this "  new crusade " against Muslims , according to the purported claim . Veteran Spanish war correspondent kidnapped in Syria As part of France 's intervention this year to flush out militants in Mali , the French military secured the area around Kidal . Hollande called an emergency meeting with ministers Sunday after the killings .	A statement surfaces on Sahara Media with a claim of responsibility The two journalists were reportedly abducted after interviewing a rebel They were killed over the weekend Officials : The suspects were taken to the local French army base for questioning
It had been an uneventful 10-plus hour flight from Seoul , South Korea , approaching San Francisco 's airport on a clear summer day . Then , in a few horrifying seconds , that calm was shattered . A fireball erupted after the Boeing 777 airliner hit the runway hard around 11:30 a.m. , rocked back and forth , spun around , shearing off the plane 's tail . Scores of passengers and crew climbed out -- some jumping , others sliding down evacuation chutes as flames and smoke billowed from the aircraft 's windows . Two people were found dead outside the plane , according to San Francisco fire Chief Joanne Hayes-White . "  My understanding is that they were found on the runway , " she said . The airline identified the dead girls as students Wang Linjia and Ye Mengyuan , both 16 . Somehow , 305 others survived . Said San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee : "  This could have been much worse . " Follow latest developments in the story That 's an understandable sentiment for anyone who heard passenger and eyewitness accounts , or saw the distressing , distorted images showing what remained of Asiana Airlines Flight 214 . Some photos painted an almost otherworldly scene -- like one posted online by David Eun of passengers walking from the burning plane . Some dragged their carry-on bags . One man held his hands steady to snap a picture . "  I just crash landed at SFO , " Eun wrote . "  Tail ripped off . Most everyone seems fine . I 'm ok . Surreal ... " CNN iReporter Timothy Clark watched from an eighth-floor balcony of a nearby hotel . He recalled hearing a bang , seeing a "  dust cloud , " then seeing "  people running from the plane , then flames . " Elliott Stone was one of them . He was "  10 seconds away from being home " when the airplane dipped "  kind of sharp , " followed by another adjustment "  and then just boom , the back end just hit and flies up in the air and everybody 's head goes up to the ceiling . " The first announcement "  was everybody calm , " Stone said , but he and others unbuckled anyway . He told CNN he jumped out a door , before slides had deployed and before first responders had arrived . When they did , they saw some people climbing out of San Francisco Bay around the airport , Hayes-White said . Video taken soon after the crash and posted on YouTube showed dark gray smoke rising from the plane , which was upright on its belly , with no landing gear evident . Its roof was charred and , in spots , gone entirely . The back of the plane appeared to have been lopped off entirely . ' I just crash landed at SFO . I 'm ok . Surreal ' Eunice Bird Rah provided CNN a photo shot by her father , showing flames and smoke bursting out of many of the aircraft 's windows . Some 182 passengers and crew were being treated at Bay Area hospitals , with everything from spinal fractures to bumps and bruises , San Francisco deputy fire chief Dale Carnes said . Rah 's father is one of the 123 people who escaped -- physically , at least -- uninjured , according to Carnes . He 's "  doing fine , thank God , " his daughter said . It 's not lost on her how horrible the whole scene was and how much more horrible it could have been . "  It 's heartbreaking , " she said . No explanation yet on why this happened Investigators from Washington and Seoul are heading to northern California trying to answer a simple question . How did this happen ? While the exact cause will take months to determine , the South Korean Transport Ministry said "  the tail of the Asiana flight hit the runway and the aircraft veered to the left out of the runway . " Why this crash was survivable Members of South Korea 's Aviation and Railway Accident Investigation Board will travel to San Francisco , that agency said . They 'll be joined by a "  go-to " team from the United States ' National Transportation Safety Board , led by chairman Deborah Hersman . Right now , they 're not sure what they 'll find , though a U.S. national security official has said there are no signs of terrorism . "  We have not determined what the focus of this investigation is yet , " Hersman said . "  Everything is on the table at this point . " Watching from a nearby hotel , Anthony Castorani saw the plane touch the ground , then noticed a large plume of smoke . "  You heard a pop and you immediately saw a large , brief fireball that came from underneath the aircraft , " he told CNN . Kristina Stapchuck saw the dramatic scene unfold from her seat on a plane on the airport 's tarmac . Soon after Flight 214 touched down , "  it looked like the tires slipped a little bit and it rocked back , " she told CNN . Parts of the plane began to break off as it rocked and then began to spin . "  It all happened so suddenly , " Stapchuck told CNN . Flight data recorders recovered from Asiana crash ` Serious moment to give thanks ' Well after the crash , debris extended through a large swath of the airport -- right up the water 's edge . But the recovery will go well beyond that . There were 16 crew members on the flight , in addition to 291 passengers , according to Asiana Airlines . The manifest included 141 Chinese passengers , 77 South Koreans and 61 Americans . Carnes said that 49 of those treated at area hospitals were in "  serious " condition . Fifty-two of them are at San Francisco General Hospital , including five patients in critical condition , hospital spokeswoman Rachael Kagan said . Another 45 have been treated at a Stanford University hospital , some of them suffering from "  life-threatening injuries , " said Dr. David Spain , the chief of trauma . "  Many are critically injured , " Lee stated Saturday evening . The crisis Saturday had trickle-down effects as well . At one point , flights destined for San Francisco International Airport were diverted to airports in Oakland , Sacramento , San Jose and Los Angeles , said Francis Zamora of San Francisco 's emergency management department . Expert on crash : Should n't have been close to hitting seawall By 3:30 p.m. , though , two of the San Francisco airport 's four runways were open -- though the other two were still closed over eight hours later . The spotlight shone , too , on Asiana Airlines and the plane it received in 2006 . One of South Korea 's two major airlines , the other being Korean Air , it flies to 23 other countries . Many of the 25-year-old airline 's flight go out of Incheon International Airport , which is the largest airport in South Korea and considered among the busiest in the world . What happened to the flight is one part of the story . But there are 307 more personal stories out there -- of people who were moments from wrapping up a long flight , but instead endured a nightmare . Some who were n't on board also have stories to tell -- whether they saw the horror from an aircraft , tried to track down family members , or counted their blessings in other ways . Sheryl Sandberg , Facebook 's chief operating officer and author of the book "  Lean In , " is in the latter category . She was supposed to be on Flight 214 , but switched to a United flight , arriving about 20 minutes before the Asiana flight crashed . "  Serious moment to give thanks , " she wrote on her own Facebook page .	"  It could have been much worse , " San Francisco 's mayor says Asiana Airlines ' Flight 214 was arriving from Seoul when it crashed 182 people total were treated at local hospitals ; 123 were uninjured , says officials Everyone who had been on the plane is now accounted for
CNN  -- Growing up in a small Sri Lankan fishing town , cricket changed Sanath Jayasuriya 's life . But his association with the game and humanitarian work has also helped transform the lives of many others . Jayasuriya 's stature and shot-making led to comparisons with India 's Sachin Tendulkar . "  Without cricket I would have a small job in my home town . My mother is happy to say my name , " he told CNN in Hong Kong . His mother 's pride in his success has an extra poignancy as Jayasuriya 's fame in some part helped his mother survive the south Asian tsunami on December 26 , 2004 . She was swept away by the first wave and only by calling out to get attention , saying she was Jayasuriya 's mother , did a rescuer manage to spot her among the debris and destruction and pull her to safety . Thousands of others , including many of Jayasuriya 's friends and neighbors , were not so fortunate , and the impact that the disaster had on Jayasuriya 's hometown of Matara and many other parts of Sri Lanka is still felt today . "  Even now when many people hear the word  tsunami  , they are still scared . When my mother hears it , she still ca n't run , " he said . After nearly 20 years of international cricket , the 39-year-old is now just as happy to put bowling attacks to the sword as well as working as a UN Goodwill Ambassador . "  Coming from Sri Lanka you need to do a lot of charity work and help in anyway you can . People love cricket and they look to cricketers , so as a team Sri Lanka also does a lot for charity . It 's a personal commitment , " he told CNN . On the pitch he has always been just as committed to helping his team . Making his international Test match debut in 1991 , he captained the Sri Lankan team for four years until 2003 and hit memorable centuries against every other Test side , bar the West Indies and New Zealand . He retired from the five-day version of the game in 2007 . However it was in the one day game that the all-rounder has really made his mark . As part of the Sri Lankan team that won the World Cup in 1996 , he played an explosive innings of aggressive shot-making that has been credited with revolutionizing the way in which batsman play the game . In 2005 he became only the fourth batsman to reach 10,000 runs in one-day matches and his current stats stand at 12785 runs from 421 one-day internationals . Having made his name in the 50-over version of the game he 's still involved in cricket 's latest revolution ; the even shorter Twenty20 game that is being touted as the future of popularizing the sport . "  Cricket has changed all over the world . For the public to watch this game we need for it to change . You can now enjoy all that in around 3 hours  with Twenty20  . The Indian Premier League  IPL  is good for cricket and good for cricketers . The one-day game will be phased down . " Throughout his career he 's shown his own resilience adapting to changing circumstances on the cricket pitch as well as off it . Before the 2003 World Cup he took the decision not to sign a contract with the Sri Lankan cricket board , citing the loss of potential earnings it would mean for him and fellow players . Despite not being a confrontational personality , the tension between himself and the Sri Lankan cricket board led to his resignation from the captaincy in 2003 . With no Test cricket to play this year , Jayasuriya found himself omitted from the Sri Lanka squad for 2008 series one-day series against the West Indies . However his fine form while playing in the IPL -- he ended its inaugural season as the third highest run scorer with 514 runs and hitting 31 sixes -- convinced the selectors to pick him for the upcoming one-day series between Sri Lanka , Bangladesh and Zimbabwe . "  Looking back I could never have thought I would have come this far . Buddhism helped me a lot . It says that you should take the middle path and you will never go wrong , " he said . "  But I 've done a lot of hard work and everyone , my family and coaches , have given me support . Without that I would n't have got here . " When he does finally retire you can expect Jayasuriya to keep giving all he can to the game and causes he loves so much .	Sri Lankan cricketer recognized as changing the way one-day cricket is played The first cricketer to be a U.N. Goodwill Ambassador Sri Lanka 's highest run scorer in Test matches and one-day internationals
CNN  -- Lourdes Batista wishes she had super powers so she could use them to find her husband , she said Wednesday , 105 days after authorities said he was kidnapped in Mexico . Lourdes Batista says she has no idea why someone would kidnap her husband , Felix . Felix Batista , a renowned kidnapping consultant , disappeared after getting into a vehicle outside a Saltillo restaurant December 10 . The family has yet to hear a word from his abductors . "  I do n't have words to describe the pain , " Lourdes Batista said . "  It 's cruel , very cruel . " Lourdes Batista was getting ready for bed at her Miami , Florida , home when she received a phone call informing her that her husband of 31 years had been snatched . She tried contacting him on both of his phones , but to no avail . Felix Batista , 53 , had arrived four days prior in Saltillo , the Coahuila state capital about 250 miles from the U.S. border , to take part in a security seminar about kidnappings . He was giving talks about kidnappings to a business group in Saltillo and Torreon . Though the Cuban-American worked as a contract consultant for the Houston , Texas-based ASI Global Response , the trip was not affiliated with the company . On the day of his kidnapping , Felix Batista was in a restaurant with several other people when he received a phone call , according to a statement from the Coahuila state attorney general 's office . "  After speaking for a few minutes , -LSB- he -RSB- left the restaurant , telling his colleagues that several people in a white pickup truck were going to give him a message , " the statement said . "  Afterward , outside the business , at about 7 p.m. , he got into a vehicle with different characteristics from those he had mentioned to his colleagues and , since then , no one has had any communication with him , " the statement said . There was no indication of violence at the scene , the attorney general 's office said . Jackie Batista said she has no clue why someone would abduct her brother . "  We can speculate till next year , " she said . "  We 've waited for answers . We do n't have any information , and no one has contacted us . " Lourdes Batista added , "  It 's very perplexing . I do n't know . I do n't understand why . This is why I ca n't sleep at night . " Watch Felix Batista 's wife , sister plead for his release " Felix Batista served four years in the U.S. Army before entering private practice . He has 23 years of experience as a crisis responder and had worked with ASI Global Response since May 2007 , President Charlie LeBlanc said . A profile on the company 's Web site , which has been taken down , said Felix Batista conducted threat assessments and had been credited with the "  successful resolution " of almost 100 kidnap-and-ransom cases . LeBlanc said Felix Batista was a "  multidisciplined security practitioner " who also worked on extortion cases and consulted corporations . His aptitude as a consultant aside , Lourdes Batista said , he was an outstanding family man : "  a great man and a great father and a wonderful husband . I could n't ask for better . " Since Felix Batista 's kidnapping , ASI Global has been working with his family , acting as a liaison with the FBI and Mexican authorities and vetting those offering to help with the case , LeBlanc said . It 's the same kind of work Felix Batista was known for , he said . ASI Global has been sharing information with the Mexican national police , who have "  been very forthcoming in sharing information and asking for advice , " LeBlanc said . "  We 've had viable leads . They just have n't panned out , " he added . Kidnappings and violence have long been problems in Mexico , but the problem has spiked in the past year , at least statistically . Mexican President Felipe Calderon said this month that there were 6,500 organized-crime killings in 2008 , more than double the number from 2007 . The nation 's human rights ombudsman has reported that there were 5,140 reported kidnappings between 2001 and 2008 . Attorney General Eduardo Medina Mora 's office reported that there were 326 kidnappings in the first five months of 2008 alone . "  Many cases continued , however , to go unreported , as families negotiated directly with kidnappers . The number of reported cases to authorities was believed to be far less than the actual number of kidnappings , " said a statement from Mora 's office . Lourdes Batista said the level of violence in Mexico troubles her . "  The Mexican citizens , how do they live like this every day of their lives ? It 's beyond me , " she said . "  I fear for them and fear for their loved ones . " Lourdes Batista said there have been no threats against her or against her five children with Felix , who range in age from 16 to 28 , but she still lives anxiously . "  I do live in fear , but mostly for Felix and for the families that are going through what I 'm going through , " Lourdes Batista said , adding that the kidnappers ' silence has left her feeling impotent . Last week , exactly 100 days after his kidnapping , the Batistas submitted a letter to three newspapers in Monterrey , about 30 miles east of Saltillo . The letter , addressed to "  the Mexican people , " sought any leads or information in the case and offered a financial reward for information yielding Felix Batista 's safe return . In short , it stated , "  we want Felix back , " Jackie Batista said . Lourdes Batista said she is willing to add a caveat to the family 's plea . "  I am not one to persecute , and I do n't want to know . I just want my husband back . We need him here , " she said .	Lourdes Batista says of perplexing motive , "  This is why I ca n't sleep at night " Felix Batista was kidnapped December 10 outside a restaurant in Saltillo , Mexico Felix Batista is skilled crisis responder who helped families of kidnapping victims Violence , kidnappings plague Mexico ; many abductions go unreported
New York  CNN  -- Counsel for international economist Dominique Strauss-Kahn , who is jailed on sexual assault charges , filed a new appeal on Wednesday seeking his release on bail from Rikers Island . "  We respectfully submit that the following bail conditions ... eliminate any concern that Mr. Strauss-Kahn would or could leave this court 's jurisdiction , " wrote lawyer Shawn P. Naunton . He then said the International Monetary Fund chief had agreed to post $ 1 million in cash , to be confined to home detention in Manhattan with electronic monitoring , and to turn over his U.N. travel document . The appeal noted that the Frenchman has already surrendered his passport . A source close to the Strauss-Kahn defense told CNN 's Jeffrey Toobin that a deal is in the works that could result in his being freed on bail as early as Thursday . The deal is tentative and could still fall through , but the defense was optimistic that Strauss-Kahn could be released soon . Strauss-Kahn 's bail appeal to the state Supreme Court will be heard Thursday . It adds conditions that were not in the appeal turned down Monday by a criminal court judge and describes the accused as "  a loving husband and father , and a highly regarded international diplomat , lawyer , politician , economist and professor , with no prior criminal record . " It notes that he has been married for more than a decade and has four children from a prior marriage , one of whom lives in New York , where she is a graduate student at Columbia University . The case has captured worldwide attention . Strauss-Kahn is not only head of the IMF , but had been considered the French Socialist Party 's best hope to unseat President Nicolas Sarkozy in next year 's elections . He is accused of sexual assault and the attempted rape of a 32-year-old Guinean maid in his Sofitel hotel suite . Prosecutors have opposed his release , asserting he is a flight risk . Meanwhile , the alleged victim was to testify Wednesday before a grand jury in Manhattan Criminal Court , according to her attorney . "  I want her to feel safe , " said Jeffrey Shapiro . "  To the extent that his freedom would impair her feeling of safety , that would deeply concern me . " The woman , a widow who lives with her child in New York 's borough of the Bronx , will deny the claim that the incident was consensual , Shapiro said . She has worked at the hotel for three years and is considered a good employee , the managing director of Sofitel said in a statement . "  Her world has been turned upside down , " her attorney , Shapiro , said . "  She is very scared about her future . " Prosecutors allege that a naked Strauss-Kahn , 62 , chased the housekeeping employee through his Manhattan hotel suite on Saturday and sexually assaulted her . But attorney Benjamin Brafman said during Strauss-Kahn 's arraignment Monday that was not the case . "  The forensic evidence , we believe , will not be consistent with a forcible account , and we believe there is a very , very defensible case , " he said . The IMF chief faces an array of charges , including two counts of first-degree criminal sexual act , one count of first-degree attempted rape , one count of first-degree sexual abuse , one count of second-degree unlawful imprisonment , one count of forcible touching and one count of third-degree sexual abuse . "  He grabbed the victim 's chest without consent , attempted to remove her pantyhose " and forcibly grabbed her between her legs , the complaint against Strauss-Kahn says . He also forced her to perform oral sex on him , Assistant District Attorney John McConnell said at the arraignment . Strauss-Kahn allegedly committed the offenses at noon , checked out of the hotel at 12:28 p.m. and went to a previously scheduled lunch about 12:45 p.m. , according to a document supporting his motion to approve bail . The lunch was with his daughter , according to a source with knowledge of the case . After lunch , he was driven to John F. Kennedy International Airport and boarded an Air France flight that was scheduled to depart at 4:45 p.m. , the bail document says . It adds that he had bought the ticket the week before . As Strauss-Kahn sat in a first-class seat awaiting takeoff and a planned meeting the next day with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Berlin , followed by a meeting with European finance ministers on Monday in Brussels , his world of luxury and power came crashing down . Police , alerted by hotel staff to the maid 's accusations , ordered him off the plane and placed him in custody . The law enforcement source said Strauss-Kahn was examined for scratches and DNA samples were taken , and investigators searched for other evidence in the suite , including possible bodily fluids from both individuals . Strauss-Kahn consented to the testing after investigators were prepared to execute a search warrant , the source said . Forensic test results could be ready as soon as Strauss-Kahn 's Friday court appearance . Last month , Strauss-Kahn discussed the possibility that a woman might falsely accuse him of attacking her . In an April 28 interview with the French daily newspaper Liberation , he imagined "  a woman who would be raped in a parking lot and who would then be promised 500,000 or a million euros to invent such a story , " the paper reported in an article published Monday . Speaking to the paper about suggestions he could become France 's Socialist Party candidate for president , Strauss-Kahn discussed "  the long -- too long from his point of view -- campaign to come and the difficulties he will have to overcome , " the paper reported . "  He sees three in the following order : ` Money , women and my Jewishness . ' " He added , "  Yes , I love women ... so what ? For years they have been talking about photos of massive orgies , but I have not seen anything . ... Why do n't they show them ! " At New York 's Rikers Island jail complex , Strauss-Kahn was placed on suicide watch , a routine procedure in such high-profile cases , two sources with direct knowledge of the case told CNN . Analysts suggest his career and political future are now in jeopardy , if not already dead . "  I do not see how he can perform his duties as director of the IMF , " Jean-Francois Cope , secretary-general of France 's ruling UMP party , told reporters Wednesday . "  So , by definition , this issue should be resolved in the coming days . " The comments came a day after U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner said Strauss-Kahn is "  obviously not in a position to run the IMF , " and Austria 's finance minister Maria Fekter said , "  He should think about whether he is damaging the institution , " and consider stepping down . A former French finance minister , national legislator and economics professor in Paris , Strauss-Kahn became the IMF 's 10th managing director in November 2007 . While the top job at the World Bank is customarily held by an American , the IMF chief is traditionally European . But as pressure mounts over Strauss-Kahn 's possible resignation , there appears growing sentiment among developing nations to buck the trend . Brazilian Finance Minister Guido Mantega said that succession should be based "  on merit " and the position "  should be considered  among  candidates from emerging countries , " Portugal 's official news agency reported Wednesday . South Africa 's finance minister , Pravin Gordhan , said a new IMF chief should come from a developing nation , "  We need to have an inclusive system , " said Colin Bradford , a Nonresident Senior Fellow at the Brookings Institution and former chief economist at the U.S. Agency for International Development "  The West needs to include the emerging markets and encourage merit based leadership , " he said . "  We need an inclusive system , otherwise we 're not going to have a structure that can manage the planet and implement a fair and legitimate system of global guidance . " Bradford suggested the scandal is an opportunity to change the unofficial policy , but others like German government spokesman Christoph Steegmans said the institution 's leadership should remain European . In Strauss-Kahn 's absence , First Deputy Managing Director John Lipsky has been named acting managing director , "  and the fund continues its normal work , " said IMF spokesman William Murray . According to a poll released Wednesday by the Conseil Sondage Analyses  Council of Polling Analysis  , 57 % of French people think Strauss-Kahn was victimized . Still , 54 % said they think Strauss-Kahn 's Socialist Party can win in the 2012 presidential race without him . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Deb Feyerick , Ivan Watson , Adam Reiss , Richard Roth , Saskya Vandoorne , Caroline Paterson , David Ariosto , Raelyn Johnson and Jim Bittermann contributed to this report .	NEW : Lawyers will seek $ 1 million bail , home detention with electronic monitoring Strauss-Kahn 's release could impair alleged victim 's feeling of safety , attorney says Pressure mounts for new IMF leadership amid Strauss-Kahn 's possible resignation
CNN  -- Juventus secured their sensational return to the elite of Italian football after winning the league title with a regulation 2-0 victory over Cagliari . Goals from Mirko Vucinic and a Michele Canini own goal handed Juventus the advantage in the race for the Scudetto . But even though the Old Lady of Turin has gone unbeaten this season , their fate ultimately rested with events at the San Siro stadium where the Milan derby was kicking off simultaneously . Holders Milan started the day one point behind Juve but knew they had to beat Inter to take the title chase to the final weekend . What followed was one of the most memorable Milan derbies in recent years , as Inter ran out 4-2 winners with Diego Milito scoring a hat trick , the first person do so in this fixture in almost six decades . The victory handed Juventus title number 28 . Or so you would think . As fans invaded the pitch in Trieste , where Cagliari are currently playing their matches , some held banners aloft proclaiming the triumph to be Scudetto number 30 . That 's because in 2006 the club was stripped of the two titles they won under former England coach Fabio Capello following a match fixing scandal that engulfed the club and saw them relegated to Serie B . It was a humiliating experience for one of world football 's greatest clubs , but this season has seen something close to redemption , as the club has gone 37 games unbeaten under the reign of former Italian international Antonio Conte . It is his first season in charge . The team celebrated wildly with the fans in Trieste , while the Rossoneri wondered what might have been in the San Siro . A highly dubious first half penalty converted by Swedish international Zlatan Ibrahimovic had canceled out Milito 's opener . Ibrahimovic , a former Juve player who has never been forgiven by the fans for leaving the club so soon after their relegation to Serie B , then gave Milan hope scoring his second 30 seconds after the start of the second half . But Inter powered forward , winning their own penalty converted by Milito to secure his hat trick , before Maicon scored a stunning fourth and sealed Juventus ' return to where many believe they have always belonged .	Juventus won the Italian league after beating Cagliari 2-0 Inter 's 4-2 defeat of rivals Milan handed the title to the Turin club Juve 's first title since a match fixing scandal saw them relegated in 2006 Milito 's hat trick for Inter the first in Milan derby for over 60 years
CNN  -- Ryan Gosling and Eva Mendes might have made an inspired choice when naming their baby girl . According to numerous reports , the secretive couple chose to name their new arrival Esmeralda Amada Gosling . TMZ , which first obtained the baby 's birth certificate , points out that Amada is also the name of a character Mendes played in 2007 's "  We Own the Night . " Throughout her pregnancy , both Gosling and Mendes have been beyond quiet about their new status as parents . When Ellen DeGeneres brought up the rumors of a pregnancy with Mendes in February , the actress brushed off the reports as "  ridiculous . " Surprise ! Eva Mendes , Ryan Gosling have baby "  It all started because I did n't want to go through the scanners at the airport , " Mendes explained , noting that 's not unusual for her . And yet in September , several reports indicated that Mendes and Gosling had indeed welcomed a baby . "  She 's absolutely in heaven being a mom . She 's never been happier , " one friend of Mendes told People magazine after the baby 's arrival . "  She and Ryan are just in awe of this beautiful person they created . It 's a really special time for them . "	Eva Mendes and Ryan Gosling reportedly named their daughter Esmeralda The couple has been quiet about the baby 's arrival In February , Mendes downplayed the reports of a pregnancy
Former NBA star Dennis Rodman apologized Thursday for his much-criticized outburst about an American citizen imprisoned in North Korea , saying he was stressed out and had been drinking when he made the remarks on CNN . The family of that imprisoned American , Kenneth Bae , said Thursday that they accepted Rodman 's apology for his "  outrageous " remarks but said they hope his comments "  have not further endangered " Bae . The eccentric basketball veteran is in North Korea for a controversial visit that has been rife with bizarre moments , including Rodman 's rendition of "  Happy Birthday " to the country 's leader Kim Jong Un at a packed sports stadium on Wednesday . In an exclusive interview Tuesday with Chris Cuomo of CNN 's "  New Day , " Rodman provoked outrage by appearing to suggest that Bae -- who has been held in North Korea since 2012 -- may have done something to deserve his sentence of 15 years of hard labor . "  I want to first apologize to Kenneth Bae 's family , " Rodman , 52 , said Thursday in a statement released by his publicist Jules Feiler . "  I want to apologize to my teammates and my management team . I also want to apologize to Chris Cuomo . " Bae 's family had said they were shocked by Rodman 's comments about the captive American . "  He was in a position to do some good and to help advocate for Kenneth , " Bae 's sister , Terri Chung , said Tuesday . "  He refused to do so . But then instead he has chosen to hurl these outrageous accusations against Kenneth . He clearly does n't know anything about Kenneth , about his case . And so we were appalled by that . " Rodman attributed his outburst to stress . "  I embarrassed a lot of people , " said Rodman , who traveled to North Korea with other former NBA players for a basketball game against a North Korean team . "  I 'm very sorry . At this point I should know better than to make political statements . I 'm truly sorry . " He said the day of the interview had been "  very stressful . " "  Some of my teammates were leaving because of pressure from their families and business associates , " he said , adding that his dream of "  basketball diplomacy was quickly falling apart . " "  I had been drinking , " he said . "  It 's not an excuse but by the time the interview happened , I was upset . I was overwhelmed . " In a written statement Thursday afternoon , Chung said the Bae family would accept his apology . "  As Rodman has stated , being drunk and stressed is not an excuse for what he said , but we acknowledge he is human and we all do make mistakes , " the statement said . "  Our greatest concern remains the health and freedom of my brother Kenneth . We hope and pray that Rodman 's comments and ongoing antics have not further endangered my brother . Kenneth 's health and freedom are precarious . " Human rights criticism The NBA and the U.S. government have said they have nothing to do with Rodman 's visit to North Korea , his fourth in less than a year . The Irish online betting company that had backed the trip withdrew its name from the venture last month after North Korea announced that Kim 's once powerful uncle had been purged from his top government posts and executed . Human rights activists have criticized Rodman for his chummy relationship with Kim and apparent unwillingness to address the North Korean regime 's widely reported abuses against its impoverished population . Rodman befriended Kim , an avid basketball fan who inherited power from his father , during his first North Korean visit last year and has described the young dictator as a "  very good guy . " The two unlikely comrades appeared to be getting along famously at the basketball exhibition game Wednesday for Kim 's birthday . The young leader , whose exact age is unknown , is believed to be in his early 30s . "  It was , as you might imagine , a bizarre and unusual occasion that wo n't easily be forgotten , " Simon Cokerell , general manager of Koryo Tours , said in a YouTube video posted after he accompanied Western tourists to watch the event . Birthday ball game Accompanied by his wife , Kim emerged in the stadium in Pyongyang to cheering crowds who for several minutes wished him a long life , stopping only when the leader hushed them . Rodman gave an impromptu speech and then led the crowd in singing "  Happy Birthday " to Kim . Images released by The Associated Press also showed Rodman appearing to bow to Kim . Rodman 's squad and a North Korean team played two games , Cokerell said . In the first contest , the Americans lost to a North Korean squad , 47-39 . The second game pitted squads with Western and North Korean players on each team . "  That game was actually much better ; there was a lot of showboating , showing off , alley-oops , slam-dunks and that sort of thing , " he said . Rodman , who during his professional career set an NBA record for rebounds , did n't play the whole time , according to Sean Agnew , a tourist who said he had attended the unusual sporting event with Koryo Tours . After participating for about 15 minutes , Rodman got changed and went to sit next to Kim in the audience , where the two spent the rest of the game smoking and laughing together , Agnew said . "  Kim Jong Un really seemed to be enjoying himself , " said Agnew , who arrived in Beijing from Pyongyang on Thursday . Next move uncertain The next phase of Rodman 's visit remained unclear Thursday . Feiler , the publicist , said he could n't disclose when Rodman would return to the United States . One of the other former NBA players involved in the game , Eric "  Sleepy " Floyd , flew to Beijing on Thursday , but there was no sign of Rodman at the airport . "  It was fun , a lot of fun , " Floyd said of the North Korean visit , before he was engulfed by a throng of journalists at the airport . Agnew , who stayed in the same hotel in Pyongyang as Rodman 's team , said he thought that the U.S. basketball players remaining in North Korea might be going skiing . North Korean state-media recently published photos of Kim riding a ski-lift in a newly developed ski resort . Outburst on CNN Regardless of his next move , the shock waves from Rodman 's bizarre performance during his CNN interview on Tuesday continue to reverberate . Most striking were his comments on Bae , a Korean-American who was sentenced to 15 years of hard labor last year on charges that he planned an operation to topple North Korea 's government through religious activities . The regime accused Bae of urging people to carry out "  hostile acts " against the state . Bae 's family members say he is a devout Christian who ran a legal tour operation in North Korea but did n't fully understand the system there . His health has deteriorated during his detention and he was transferred to a hospital last year . The U.S. government has repeatedly called on North Korea to grant Bae amnesty and release him . But in his interview with CNN , Rodman intimated that Bae might have done something wrong without specifying what . "  Do you understand what he did in this country ? " Rodman asked Cuomo . "  No , no , no , you tell me , you tell me . Why is he held captive here in this country , why ? " "  I would love to speak on this , " Rodman said , before abruptly switching topic to talk about how his fellow basketball players had left their families behind to come to North Korea for the exhibition game . Bill Richardson , a former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations who has visited North Korea , said Rodman had "  crossed a line " in his comments about Bae . Laura Ling , an American journalist who was imprisoned in North Korea for several months in 2009 , said Rodman 's remarks were "  incomprehensible . "	Family accepts Rodman apology for "  outrageous " remarks "  I embarrassed a lot of people , " Rodman says in a statement released by his publicist Rodman had made a bizarre outburst about an American detained in North Korea "  I had been drinking , " he says , admitting that it 's not an excuse
Washington  CNN  -- Outgoing Rep. Michele Bachmann , true to form , attributed the United States ' economic rise through history to "  the Ten Commandments " in her final speech on the House floor Tuesday night . The Minnesota Republican cited to the U.S. motto , officially adopted in 1956 , of "  In God we trust , " and saying it 's "  fabulous " that the United States decided to "  declare , in full voice , that it is in God that we as a nation put our trust . " She pointed to a statue of Moses that sits above the House chamber 's doors , calling the prophet important to Judaism , Christianity and Islam "  the greatest law-giver . " "  Here in the United States , the Ten Commandments that God gave to Moses is the very foundation of the law that has given happiness and the rise of the greatest prosperity that any nation has known before , " Bachmann said . "  It could be no coincidence that this nation , knowing and enjoying the heights of such great happiness and such great prosperity , that it could be built upon that foundation of the Ten Commandments and by the law given by the God in whom we trust , " she said . Bachmann , a four-term congresswoman who 's been closely aligned with the tea party , sought the GOP presidential nomination in 2012 . She 's since been accused of campaign finance law violations , and is being investigated by the House Ethics Committee . That investigation , though , stops when she departs Congress in January . Bachmann also used the speech to thank her campaign 's donors , Minnesota voters , her "  prayer warriors , " her family , her staff , military veterans and God . But much of her speech was focused on the themes of God and the role of government -- where "  there are things " that policy makers "  ca n't touch , " she said , without delving into specifics . "  No government gave me rights that only God can give , and no government can take away the rights that only God can give , " Bachmann said .	Rep. Michele Bachmann , R-Minnesota , touted Moses , the "  In God we trust " motto and the Ten Commandments in a speech Tuesday The speech was the four-term House member 's final one , coming as she prepares to leave office in January Bachmann 's exit will end a congressional inquiry into alleged campaign finance violations during her 2012 presidential bid
CNN  -- FACETIME : Barham Salih , prime minister , Kurdistan Regional Government As the US inches closer to the full withdrawal of its troops from Iraq , not everyone is celebrating . The Kurds in Northern Iraq fell victim to Saddam Hussein 's brutal regime more than 20 years ago . But even without him in power , they 're apprehensive about the future . MME sits down with the Prime Minister of Kurdistan 's Regional Government , Barham Salih , to discuss the road ahead . Marketplace Middle East airs weekly at the following times  all GMT  : Thursdays : 1645 , Fridays : 0945 , Saturdays : 0715 , Sundays : 0615 , 1645	With the US planning a full withdrawal imminently , not all are celebrating In Northern Iraq , the Kurds became victims of Saddam Hussein 's brutal regime MME talks to Barham Salih , prime minister of the Kurdistan Regional Government
Fort Hood , Texas  CNN  -- Crime-scene testimony dominated Tuesday 's proceedings in the court-martial of admitted Fort Hood gunman Nidal Hasan , with an FBI agent describing the "  chaotic " scene of the 2009 massacre . Special Agent Susan Martin , a member of the team that collected evidence from the processing center where Hasan is accused of killing 13 people and wounding 32 , said seven bodies were visible from the moment she walked in the door . The yellow folding cards , known as "  tents , " that agents carried to mark evidence numbered only up to 100 -- a figure far short of the number of shell casings and bullet holes investigators had to catalog , she said . "  It was very chaotic , " Martin said . "  There were several bodies in Area Four . There was medical equipment all over the floor . It was a pretty gruesome scene . " Army social worker thought shooting was an exercise Investigators had to use adhesive-backed pieces of note paper to identify the evidence scattered across the floor , she said . The FBI ultimately entered 146 shell casings and six magazines into evidence from the scene . FBI Special Agent Brett Mills analyzed the trajectory of 58 of the bullets from five separate shooting locations , calling it "  the worst scene I 've ever seen . " Agents analyzed the trajectory analysis of more than 270 bullet holes in the building , but could not re-create all of the paths of the bullets because furniture and other evidence was moved in the process of trying to treat victims , they said . Hasan , an Army psychiatrist who was paralyzed by a police bullet during the rampage , admitted at the start of the trial August 6 that he opened fire in the processing center where soldiers were being prepared for deployment to Afghanistan and Iraq . Fort Hood victims feel betrayed A U.S.-born citizen of Palestinian descent , Hasan had been scheduled to deploy to Afghanistan before the killings . Prosecutors allege the devout Muslim had undergone a "  progressive radicalization , " giving presentations in defense of suicide bombings and about soldiers conflicted between military service and their religion when such conflicts result in crime . If convicted , he could face the death penalty . In a military capital trial , a guilty plea is not an option . Hasan is representing himself , but with attorneys assigned as stand-by counsel to assist him . Those lawyers requested to be removed last week , saying they believed Hasan was trying to help prosecutors win a death sentence . The presiding judge , Col. Tara Osborn , refused their request Thursday , calling their complaints "  nothing more than their disagreement with Hasan 's strategy in conducting his defense . " CNN 's Matt Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : "  The worst scene I 've ever seen , " FBI agent testifies Agent recounts the "  chaotic " scene of the 2009 killings at Fort Hood Army psychiatrist Maj. Nidal Hasan is charged with killing 13 people , wounding 32 Hasan has admitted he was the gunman ; he 's representing himself
Iceland 's new prime minister wants her country to join the European Union and adopt the euro as its official currency to help lift the Nordic nation from financial ruin , a spokesman said Tuesday . Prime Minister Johanna Sigurdardottir took office earlier this week . The announcement by Johanna Sigurdardottir , 66 , came just two days after she was sworn in as prime minister and a week after the Cabinet resigned in the fallout from Iceland 's financial collapse . She is Iceland 's first female prime minister and the world 's first openly gay leader . Iceland has been in political turmoil since October , when its currency , stock market and leading banks crashed amid the global financial crisis . The island nation 's Nordic neighbors sent billions of dollars to prop up the economy , as did the International Monetary Fund in its first intervention to support a Western European democracy in decades . Sigurdardottir touted EU membership at a joint news conference Tuesday with Finance Minister Steingrimur Sigfusson , whose Left-Green Movement teamed up with the prime minister 's Social Democratic Alliance to form the new two-party minority government . The Alliance party was until recently the only movement in Iceland 's five-party parliament to push EU membership as a viable way to rescue Iceland 's suffering economy . However , Sigfusson and his party are n't convinced that the country should join the EU 's 27 other members . Instead , he said he is considering a monetary union with Norway , meaning Iceland would adopt the Norwegian krone as its currency . Iceland 's newly instated minority government will only be in power for 80 days and elections are scheduled for April 25 . Until then , no decisions about the country possibly joining the European Union will be made -- though the question could be important during the elections , Sigurdardottir 's spokesman , Kristjan Kristjansson , said . CNN 's Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	No decision on joining EU will be made before April elections Prime minister wants nation to adopt euro as official currency Iceland 's stock market , banks crashed last autumn during financial crisis
German sports apparel maker Adidas has withdrawn its plans to sell a controversial sneaker featuring affixed rubber shackles after the company generated significant criticism when advertising the shoe on its Facebook page . The high-top sneakers , dubbed the JS Roundhouse Mids , were expected to be released in August , according to the Adidas Originals Facebook page . "  Got a sneaker game so hot you lock your kicks to your ankles ? " a caption below a photo of the sneakers read . The June 14 post prompted plenty of criticism from around the Web , with many commenters saying they felt the shackle invoked the painful image of slavery . "  Wow obviously there was no one of color in the room when the marketing/product team ok 'd this , " said a commenter , identifying herself as MsRodwell on nicekicks.com . "  I literally froze up when I saw a new design from Adidas set to hit stores in August , " Dr. Boyce Watkins said in a post for the website Your Black World . Though dismissing the criticism in a written statement by defending the sneaker 's designer , Jeremy Scott , as having a "  quirky " and "  lighthearted " style , Adidas nonetheless said Monday that it planned to cancel the shoe 's release . "  The design of the JS Roundhouse Mid is nothing more than the designer Jeremy Scott 's outrageous and unique take on fashion and has nothing to do with slavery , " the statement said . "  We apologize if people are offended by the design and we are withdrawing our plans to make them available in the marketplace . " Scott , for his part , posted a tweet Tuesday saying , "  work has always been inspired by cartoons , toys & my childhood . " He attached a photo of a "  My Pet Monster " -- a bright , plush character with its wrists shackled . One of Adidas ' most high-profile condemnations came from the Rev. Jesse Jackson . "  The attempt to commercialize and make popular more than 200 years of human degradation , where blacks were considered three-fifths human by our Constitution is offensive , appalling and insensitive , " he said in a statement Monday , before Adidas ' decision to withdraw them from the marketplace . He said Tuesday that civil rights groups had contacted NBA Commissioner David Stern , asking him to intercede . Jackson said the groups could engage in a boycott in about 50 markets if the shoes went on the sale . The photo of the sneakers was still in the photo section of Adidas ' Facebook page Tuesday morning . And whether Adidas wanted it or not , the sneakers were still inspiring a spirited debate about race in the comment section of its Facebook page . Disturbances prompt cancellations of some Nike releases	Jesse Jackson says civil rights groups contacted NBA chief , asking him to intercede Adidas called shoes a "  unique take on fashion and has nothing to do with slavery " But critics such as Jackson labeled them "  offensive , appalling and insensitive " Adidas issued an apology and says it will not market the shoes
Washington  CNN  -- Are American Crossroads and Crossroads GPS comparable to labor unions and MoveOn.org ? Democratic activists scoff at the question . But Steven Law , Crossroads ' CEO , says yes . "  American Crossroads was conceived as an answer to the hundreds of millions of dollars that unions and MoveOn.org and other groups on the left have been spending for years to support Democrats , " Law said . "  So we started American Crossroads because we thought there ought to be a way for us to try and level the playing field . " Adam Ruben , political director for Moveon.org , says it 's a fundamentally different approach to political engagement . "  Their money is secret . It comes in seven-figure chunks . That gives them a fundamentally different role in our democracy , " Ruben said , explaining that Moveon.org 's average donation is $ 28 . "  A group that exists for ultra-rich people to essentially buy elections is counter to the American democratic tradition . " The labor unions that invested the most in the 2010 elections say they collectively spent $ 177 million on political activities  the American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees : $ 93 million ; the Service Employees International Union : $ 44 million ; the National Education Association : $ 40 million  . In the same cycle , the top three Republican outside spending groups spent $ 147 million on political activities  American Crossroads and GPS : $ 71 million ; the U.S. Chamber of Commerce : $ 50 million ; the American Action Network : $ 26 million  . In terms of dollars spent , labor unions are competitive . But it 's worth looking at the differences between the groups and how that affects their disclosure laws . American Crossroads and Crossroads GPS are divided because one is public and one is private . American Crossroads , the super PAC , can raise unlimited amounts but has to declare its donors . It can make hard-hitting , explicitly political ads . The private arm is Crossroads GPS , a 501  c   4  organization that does n't have to disclose its donors . This group has to live by different rules . More than half of its ads ca n't be explicitly political ; they have to promote a specific issue . Since GPS is private , the IRS is the only government agency that monitors its activity . Labor unions raise money for political spending through voluntary contributions from members to their PACs and use money from their general fund that comes from dues . They are not required to report all their political spending to the Federal Election Commission . But the Bush administration 's Department of Labor passed far-reaching rules requiring that they disclose all their political giving , so their election-related activities are public . But those are n't the only differences . Labor union representatives argue that the two Crossroads groups spend their money overwhelmingly on ads , not on get-out-the-vote efforts and advocating for safer work environments , which , union representatives argue , enhance democracy . Representatives from Crossroads say they are experimenting with new ways to get out the vote online and through technology but acknowledge that it does n't approach the boots-on-the-ground power the unions have . GPS also spends money supporting other groups that share its less-regulation/lower-tax agenda , which they believe also contributes to society but from a different political perspective . Still , union representatives scoff at any comparison on principle . American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees political director Larry Scanlon said , "  Karl Rove has taken advantage of campaign finance loopholes to create a shadowy network of front groups that can raise and spend unlimited , undisclosed funds to promote anti-worker candidates and an issue agenda that attempts to silence the political voice of working people . "  Conservative groups like Crossroads outspent liberal ones by a 2-1 margin in the 2010 cycle and are poised to spend even more in 2012 . In contrast , everything AFSCME spends on behalf of its 1.6 million members is above board and disclosed . We will never match what the corporate interests and wealthy individuals spend , but we have the facts on our side , and we have real live people , not Mitt Romney 's ` corporate people , ' on our side . " But Law maintains that Crossroads is "  very open " about its activities . "  We 're very proud about what we do . We pursue what we 're doing ethically ; we have a strong agenda of good policies we think are good for the country , and we want to be very open about how we 're doing it and what we 're doing and where we 're doing it , " Law said . That 2-1 spending figure is based on a study by Open Secrets.org at the Center for Responsive Politics . Open Secrets gathers its numbers only from reports to the Federal Election Commission , which does not capture all election spending . "  Labor unions are allowed to engage in a variety of politics-related activities that do n't meet the definitions of what gets reported to the FEC , " Open Secrets said . "  The numbers on OpenSecrets.org could be more conservative than what the unions themselves say they spent . " Paco Fabian , spokesman for Change to Win , a coalition of labor unions , disagrees . "  The comparison is laughable . You have , on the one hand , a handful of billionaires and corporations fund Crossroads and Crossroads GPS . They are the voice of the 1 percent . On the other hand , you have millions of workers coming together and supporting a handful of unions , the voice of the 99 percent . Union members have ensured that all American workers labor under safe conditions , with fair pay and benefits for a hard day 's work . That 's why we have weekends . " Super PACs and 501  c   4  s are not limited to the right . Democrats have them , too . There 's a crop of new Democratic super PACs : Majority PAC , House Majority PAC and Priorities USA , which as of last filing had not been able to raise nearly the money the Republican PACs have . Law is unfazed by the criticism , saying , "  Nobody thought that was controversial when they 're helping Democrats . You know , now we 're leveling the playing field somewhat , and obviously Democrats are upset about that . " This is the first presidential election since the Supreme Court ruled in Citizens United that corporations can make unlimited gifts to all of these groups , making it a test run for a potentially new era of big money in politics . The next filing deadline for the FEC is January 31 , so we 'll learn more about how much money has been raised then -- at least for those groups that have to report .	How does labor union political activity square up with super PAC ? Union representatives oppose comparison on principle Election could be a test run for new era of big money in politics
CNN  -- Sonic booms and at least one fireball in the sky were reported in Texas on Sunday , less than a week after two satellites collided in space and a day after the Federal Aviation Administration asked U.S. pilots to watch for "  falling space debris , " authorities said . Video captured in Austin , Texas , shows a meteor-like object in the sky Sunday morning . There were no reports of ground strikes or interference with aircraft in flight , FAA spokesman Roland Herwig said . Herwig told CNN the FAA received no reports from pilots in the air of any sightings but the agency recieved "  numerous " calls from people on the ground from Dallas , Texas , south to Austin , Texas . Video shot by a photographer from News 8 TV in Austin showed what appeared to be a meteor-like white fireball blazing across a clear blue sky Sunday morning . The photographer caught the incident while covering a marathon in Austin . On Saturday , the FAA told pilots through its routine notification system that "  a potential hazard may occur due to re-entry of satellite debris into the earth 's atmosphere . " The notice did not specify a time or location . Watch video of meteor-like fireball " Herwig said most of the reports the FAA received came in about midday Sunday in an area of Texas from Dallas south to Austin . iReport.com : Did you see the fireball ? Send photos , video He said he was not certain where the information that sparked the FAA notification came from , but it was "  probably from NORAD , " or the North American Aerospace Defense Command , which tracks man-made objects in space . Calls to NORAD headquarters in Colorado were not immediately returned . Lisa Block , spokeswoman for the Texas Department of Public Safety , said her agency had received calls from residents surprised by sonic booms about 11 a.m. . She said calls came from an area from Dallas to Houston . Last week , the Russian and U.S. space agencies said two satellites , one Russian and one American , collided about 496 miles  800 kilometers  above Siberia , Russia . The collision on Tuesday produced two large debris clouds , NASA said . The satellites collided at 6.2 miles  10 kilometers  per second , producing 500 to 600 pieces of space debris , the U.S. Strategic Command said . CNN 's Monte Plott contributed to this report .	Video shot in Austin , Texas , shows meteor-like object in sky Sunday morning Fireball sightings , reports of sonic booms come days after satellite collision in space FAA told U.S. pilots to watch for "  falling space debris " No reports of ground strikes or interference with aircraft , FAA spokesman says
CNN  -- Juanita Castro , the younger sister of Cuban leaders Fidel and Raul Castro , worked for the CIA during some crucial years of the Cold War , she says in her new memoir . Juanita Castro , originally a supporter of the Cuban revolution that brought Fidel Castro to power in 1959 , said she became disillusioned by growing injustice . "  They wanted to talk to me because they had interesting things to tell me , and interesting things to ask of me , such as if I was willing to take that risk , if I was ready to listen to them . I was semi-shocked , but I said yes anyway , " she told CNN affiliate Univision-Noticias 23 in Miami , Florida . Univision 's interviewer , journalist Maria Antonieta Collins , co-wrote the book . "  My Brothers Fidel and Raul , the Secret History " was released Monday . In the book , Juanita Castro said she was introduced to the world of the CIA through a close friend on the island nation , Virginia Leitao da Cunha , wife of the Brazilian ambassador to Cuba in the early 1960s . In June 1961 , under the guise of visiting her sister Enma in Mexico City , Castro met a CIA agent who called himself "  Enrique , " the memoir says . In those first meetings in Mexico , which took place shortly after the failed Bay of Pigs invasion , Enrique asked the young woman about general information regarding Cuba since the revolution , and then asked whether she would work for the agency , according to the book . The job that Enrique described was to help protect CIA agents working in Cuba , Castro said . "  The CIA has people in Cuba . Some could be discovered or already have . The mission is to protect them and move them from one place to another , providing the most security possible , " the agent told her , according to the book . The CIA declined to comment on the book 's claims . Her first mission was to deliver documents , money and messages hidden in canned goods from Mexico to Cuba , according to the book . Castro wrote that she agreed to help on the condition that she would not do anything violent against her brothers . She also refused payment when it was offered , she said . The CIA communicated through a short-wave radio . At an appointed hour daily , if the waltz "  Fascination " aired on the radio , Castro would know that a message would follow . An overture from "  Madame Butterfly " meant that no message was coming , according to the book . A special code was made up of numbers , which Castro would decode with a manual , she wrote . The period of her cooperation , from 1961 to 1969 , included the Cuban Missile Crisis , which changed the way the Cold War was being waged . To resolve the crisis , the Soviet Union agreed to dismantle the missiles it had placed in Cuba in exchange for assurances that the United States would not invade Cuba . In 1964 , Castro decided to leave Cuba for good , becoming an exile in Miami . She worked with anti-Castro exile groups there , and continued to cooperate with the CIA , according to the book . The relationship ended when U.S. policy toward the Soviet Union changed during Richard Nixon 's presidency . As tensions eased with the Soviet Union , the United States would no longer back anti-Castro exiles , two CIA agents told her . When they asked her to use her influence to downplay rhetoric of a communist threat , she quit . The Cuban government had no immediate response to the publication of the book , Jorge Bolanos , chief of the Cuban Interest Section in Washington , told CNN en Español on Monday . "  I have n't received any reaction from the Cuban government , " he said . "  I am not in the position to comment about a book which I have not read yet . " CNN 's Mariano Castillo and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	Memoir by Fidel Castro 's sister , Juanita , says she worked for CIA Communicated via coded messages on short-wave radio Cooperated with CIA between 1961 and 1969 ; left Cuba in 1964 for Miami Agreed to help on condition she did not do anything violent against her brothers
CNN  -- Girl wonder beats boy wizard . The Hunger Games trilogy has surpassed the Harry Potter books to become the best-selling series on Amazon.com , the company announced Friday . "  Since debuting in 2008 , Katniss Everdeen and the Hunger Games have taken the world by storm , much as Harry Potter did a decade before , " said Sara Nelson , the editorial director of books and Kindle at Amazon , which is the largest bookseller in the United States . "  Interestingly , this series is only three books versus Harry Potter 's seven , and to achieve this result in just four years is a great testament to both the popularity of the work and , we think , the growth in reading digitally during that time , " she said . Katniss is the Hunger Games heroine , whose prowess with arrows and boys has made her the envy of millions of fans . She is the star of the books in Suzanne Collins ' trilogy , "  The Hunger Games , " "  Catching Fire " and "  Mockingjay . " Author J.K. Rowling penned the Harry Potter series about a boy wizard by the same name and his friends at Hogwarts , a school for witches and wizards . She is currently working on her first novel for adults . Both series got a big boost from films based off the books . CNN 's Stacy Cowley contributed to this report .	The Hunger Games has "  taken the world by storm , " says Amazon The trilogy bests the Harry Potter books Both series got a big boost from films
CNN  -- Capt. James T. Kirk always cut a formidable figure as commander of the starship USS Enterprise . It helped , too , to have some powerful toys -- like a one-of-a-kind Phaser rifle . Somebody inherited some of Kirk 's mojo , after paying $ 231,000 for the rifle that actor William Shatner once toted around while filming the "  Star Trek " series in the 1960s , Julien 's Auctions said Saturday . The winning bid came in well over the auction house 's $ 50,000 to $ 70,000 estimate . According to Julien 's , inventor Reuben Klamer created the weapon after NBC asked that the "  Star Trek " pilot be "  retooled for a more action-packed adventure . " "  Star Trek " creator Gene Roddenberry "  asked for a really big gun , " the auction house said . Shatner only used the Phaser rifle in the second pilot . Klamer then got it back  though it was used in some publicity photos  while Shatner , as Kirk , got a more familiar pistol used for the rest of the next three seasons . The "  Star Trek " showpiece was one of many pieces of Hollywood history that were part of the Julien 's auction . Other big-ticket items that were sold include a Munchkins flower plot from "  The Wizard of Oz " that went for $ 15,000 , a flying suit worn by Christopher Reeve in "  Superman IV " that fetched $ 25,000 , and a nightshirt that belonged to Marilyn Monroe that sold for $ 15,000 . IRS video features Spock Ashes of ` Star Trek ' actor on private rocket	Phaser rifle used by William Shatner in a "  Star Trek " pilot sells at an auction for $ 231,000 Julien 's Auctions had estimated the rifle would go for between $ 50,000 and $ 70,000 Other items auctioned off include items tied to "  The Wizard of Oz " and Marilyn Monroe
CNN  -- The severe storms that pummeled much of the South on Monday night left at least eight people dead in three states , officials said Tuesday . Local authorities reported one death in Mississippi , six in Georgia and one in Tennessee . Severe winds and pounding rain also toppled trees and power lines , knocking out electricity in some areas . Mississippi had one fatality when a tree falling into the road hit a 20-year-old man , said Copiah County coroner Ellis Stuart . Damage was reported in 20 counties , the Mississippi Emergency Management Agency said . In Georgia , 70 counties reported damage , as did 43 in Tennessee , according to state emergency management agencies . In Georgia 's Butts County , the sheriff 's office reported two deaths -- a man and his son -- after a tree fell on their apartment building . The Georgia Emergency Management Agency said one person was killed and two others were hospitalized in the Greston community in Dodge County . In Atlanta , a tree fell on a car , killing a man in the northwest part of the city , Atlanta police said . A large tree in a private yard was uprooted and fell on a passing motorist , who was driving alone , the Atlanta Police Department said . When emergency vehicles arrived , "  it was apparent that that person was deceased , " police spokeswoman Kim Jones said . There also was one fatality in Colquitt County and one in Irwin County , the Georgia Emergency Management Agency said . The storms knocked out power to 147,000 customers statewide , the Georgia Power Co. said early Tuesday In Memphis , Tennessee , an 87-year-old man died when he came into contact with a downed power line in his yard , according to power provider Memphis Light , Gas and Water Division . The National Weather Service said it received nearly 600 reports of severe winds across the Southeast on Monday , 19 instances of suspected tornado-related damage and 72 reports of hail . Reports of funnel clouds poured into the weather service 's office from Sumner County , Tennessee , CNN affiliate WZTV-TV in Nashville reported . "  It got so bad , I grabbed my son  and  got him in the closet , " Chuck Carter told the station . "  We always go to the closet when we think there is a tornado in the area . " In southern Kentucky , a line of uprooted trees dotted damaged roads . No injuries were reported , however . Melvin Pendley wondered how to repair his home , which had its roof blown off . "  The ceilings are collapsed in the bedroom and half the living room , " he told CNN affiliate WBKO-TV in Bowling Green . "  Half of the inside is still OK right now . With all this rain , we do n't know what 's going to happen now . " CNN 's Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	NEW : Damage reported in 70 Georgia counties and 43 Tennessee counties Uprooted tree toppled onto driver in Atlanta 20 Mississippi counties report damage Deaths are reported in three states
CNN  -- A week , as they say , is a long time in football . By that reckoning , six weeks is almost an eternity . For fans of one of English football 's oldest clubs , it certainly feels that way . On Boxing Day 2012 , former European champions Nottingham Forest lined up to play Leeds United in a second flight match in the English Championship . After going a goal behind , Forest roared back to an emphatic 4-2 victory that had a certain swagger about it . Watching at the time , it was hard to escape the feeling that things were finally coming together for a side that has come to embody the term ` sleeping giant ' . One point and one place outside the playoffs , that afternoon Forest fans would have tucked into their turkey sandwiches with a sense of satisfaction and thoughts of good things to come . But just hours after the final whistle the club 's Kuwaiti owners , the Al Hasawi family , fired the club 's quietly progressive manager , Sean O'Driscoll . Baffling decision For fans and observers alike it was a baffling decision . "  We can not speak highly enough of Sean as a man , " said Chairman Fawaz Al Hasawi . "  He was appointed at an extremely difficult time for the club and can count himself unlucky to have lost his job with the team just one point away from the top six . But we have a responsibility to look to the future for this great Club because we have huge ambitions for it . " Fast forward just a few weeks , and O'Driscoll 's replacement , Alex McLeish , has followed his predecessor to the exit . January had also seen the sudden and unceremonious exits of Forest 's CEO , its head of recruitment , and the popular club ambassador  and former player and manager  Frank Clark . McLeish departed ` by mutual consent ' after just one win in seven games and a transfer window that bordered on farcical , as key target George Boyd 's switch to the club foundered after the player apparently failed an eye test . Forest fans took to social media once more in a bewildered daze as headlines painted a picture of a shambolic club in disarray . Days later another former Forest manager , the combative Billy Davies , was reinstalled in this hottest of managerial hot seats . But before he could properly take charge his team duly lost 2-0 to a Bristol City side now , somewhat poetically , managed by none other than Sean O'Driscoll . Blackburn woes This odd story will have particular resonance in England 's north west , where another of English football 's most venerable institutions , Blackburn Rovers , has collapsed from mid table comfort in the English Premier League  EPL  to relegation and ignominy . The club 's owners , India 's Venky 's Group , began their tenure by sacking the widely respected Sam Allardyce in December 2010 . Since then they appear to have embarked on a kamikaze PR strategy , which has led to ridicule off the pitch and confusion on it . In the latest chapter , Shebby Singh , the former TV pundit brought in by Venky 's as the club 's ` global advisor ' , is reportedly at loggerheads with managing director Derek Shaw , amid allegations of interference with football matters and disputes over players ' contractual deals . The culture clash between the old and the new sides of the club looks wider than ever . Rovers are now onto their third manager of the season and a swift return to the EPL looks wildly improbable . Venky 's and the Al-Hasawi family are the latest in a wave of foreign owners taking control of clubs in the English leagues . Few on the growing list are strangers to controversy . Mixed feelings Cardiff City 's new Malaysian owners changed the club 's colors from blue to red , causing outrage -- but perhaps they will be forgiven as they are currently well set for promotion to the EPL . The Glazer family 's takeover of Manchester United sparked a supporter 's revolt that saw the formation of a completely new team -- FC United of Manchester -- by fans alarmed at the level of debt  currently around Â # 360million - $ 550m  foisted upon the club . Then there 's Roman Abramovich 's Chelsea , whose phenomenal success has been tempered by the owner 's propensity to fire managers ; and Sheikh Mansour of Manchester City , whose investments in the club stretch UEFA 's concept of Financial Fair Play to the limit , and very probably beyond . The attitude of football fans to these types of investor is pretty schizophrenic . On the one hand the very prospect of a new owner , awash with cash , coming in and transforming a club 's fortunes would get many salivating , regardless of where the money is from and who is taking the reins . English football , or at least the Premier League , is an enormously attractive stage and clubs make for interesting playthings for the super-rich . Meanwhile , fans are attracted to the idea of quick-fix success . Community connection On the other hand , with spiraling ticket prices driven largely by players ' wages and the increasingly erratic pictures being painted by some of these new owners , there is a sense that clubs ' connections with the communities in which many have existed for over a century are being undermined . Then of course there 's the idea of what constitutes super rich in the context of football . Away from the financial machinations of the Glazers , Randy Lerner 's more straightforward commitment to Aston Villa appears to have run dry , with the team staring at a relegation battle and the purse strings tied tightly shut . In the Championship , Watford 's owners have enjoyed remarkable success by filling their side with loan signings from another club , Italy 's Udinese , which they also own . And then , in England 's League One , there 's Portsmouth . If the Glazer 's ownership of Manchester United appears complex , the background to Portsmouth 's stewardship is positively arcane . An excellent blog by Portsmouth fan SJ Maskell recently dissected the baffling raft of creditors currently being pored over in the English courts . The club , which enjoyed a Premier League berth and an FA Cup win just five years ago , is facing relegation to England 's fourth tier and possible ruin . It has seen a succession of owners , offshore companies , and paper trails leading all over the world drive it into successive demotions and financial collapse . Wayward club A group of fans has formed the Portsmouth Supporters ' Trust , which is looking to gain control of this wayward club and finally wrestle it back from a course to apparent doom . All logic points to their being given the chance to do so , but this is a club that has defied logic for years and a decision in their favor is by no means certain . The Portsmouth Supporters Trust faces a battle , but it is perhaps this kind of institution that points to a more stable future for clubs and the sport of football in England . The problem with many of the new wave of owners in English football is not that they are foreign . Football is a global game , and the EPL is filled with players from all over the world , so it would be illogical to deny owners from overseas the chance to take part too . But the disconnect between the fans that pay to watch these clubs , the communities in which they operate , and even the armchair fans that follow them from afar , is an issue . A report launched this week by the football community trust Supporters Direct outlines a range of measures primarily focused on the physical manifestations of clubs -- the stadia in which they play , and the various off-shoots of these buildings . At the report 's core are recommendations designed to protect the relationship between clubs and their communities , including joint ownership of stadia , ` golden shares ' to be held by supporters collectively , and clubs that are owned by or formed as so-called Community Benefit Societies . In essence , it is about taking a degree of control into the hands of supporters . The sentiment behind this applies not just to the bricks and mortar of a football stadium . Clubs like Barcelona in Spain and throughout Germany 's Bundesliga are protected from extreme and erratic behavior by the fact that fans are directly involved in a democratic ownership arrangement . The worst excesses of owners , who can act on a whim to often disrupt and damage the course of some of the long established institutions at the heart of communities , can be curbed by what is basically a democratic , rather than autocratic structure . Allied to initiatives such as UEFA 's Financial Fair Play rules , perhaps this will see a game in England that is balanced less precariously , and fit for a long term and sustainable future . For now , however , English football fans should perhaps be careful what they wish for .	Foreign ownership of UK football clubs a mixed picture Fans relish the extra investment that is often promised Chelsea and Manchester City have won EPL titles with increased funding Community connections of the clubs can be sidelined
Washington  CNN  -- The controversial "  drum major " inscription on the Martin Luther King Jr. . Memorial on the National Mall in Washington will be removed rather than replaced under a plan announced Tuesday by federal officials . Interior Secretary Ken Salazar said in a news release that the move followed consultation with a "  range of stakeholders " who concurred with the decision . Initially , plans called for the quote to be corrected . But the original sculptor , Lei Yixin , said removal was the best way to ensure the structural integrity of the memorial , the National Park Service said . The site features a commanding 30-foot statue of King , arms folded across his chest , emerging from a "  Stone of Hope . " The quote in question -- one of more than a dozen on the site -- is inscribed on one side of the stone . The abbreviated and paraphrased version of the line sparked controversy in 2011 when acclaimed poet and author Maya Angelou said it made the civil rights leader appear to be arrogant . The line reads : "  I was a drum major for justice , peace and righteousness . " In fact , King 's original words , from a 1968 sermon at Ebenezer Baptist Church in Atlanta , were : "  If you want to say that I was a drum major , say that I was a drum major for justice . Say that I was a drum major for peace . I was a drum major for righteousness . And all of the other shallow things will not matter . " Opinion : We owe it to King to revise inscription on memorial Angelou said that leaving out the "  if " changes the meaning . The plan announced Tuesday will be submitted to the Commission of Fine Arts and the National Capital Planning Commission in January for their review , according to the Interior Department . The news release included a comment from Bernice A. King , King 's youngest daughter and CEO of the King Center in Atlanta . "  We are grateful that Secretary Salazar 's office and the National Park Service has taken such care to maintain the spirit and appearance of such an important monument to our country 's history and my father 's memory , " she said . The memorial will remain open to visitors during the work , but some of the statue will be covered at certain times . The project will begin in February or March , after the annual King birthday observance .	Critics were unhappy with ` drum major ' quote abbreviation , saying it made King sound arrogant Plans originally called for King line to be corrected , but artist said removal was best Removal will begin in February or March , after the King birthday celebrations
CNN  -- The list of defendants whose cases could be affected by the alleged drug tampering of a former Massachusetts chemist has now grown to over 40,000 , Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick 's administration said Tuesday . The chemist , Annie Dookhan , 34 , already is facing a total of 27 counts including obstruction of justice , mishandling of drug evidence and lying about holding a master 's degree in chemistry from the University of Massachusetts . Dookhan worked as a state chemist testing drug evidence submitted by law enforcement agencies from 2003 until March 2012 , when she resigned , according to the Massachusetts attorney general 's office . The attorney general 's office began a criminal investigation in July 2012 , after Massachusetts State Police were tipped off by Dookhan 's co-workers who alleged her work might be unreliable . The investigation revealed that Dookhan allegedly tampered with evidence by altering substances in vials that were being tested at the state lab , allegedly to cover up the practice of routinely "  dry labbing " samples . "  Dry labbing " is a term used for merely visually identifying samples instead of performing the required chemical test . Authorities arrested Dookhan at her home in Franklin , Massachusetts last September , but she was released on $ 10,000 cash bail with conditions , according to the state attorney general 's office . Dookhan has pleaded not guilty to all charges . Former Massachusetts chemist faces even more charges After ordering that the lab where she worked be shut down in August 2012 , while the investigation was ongoing , Patrick created a special counsel to expedite the identification of individuals whose cases involved evidence potentially mishandled by Dookhan . Initially Patrick 's administration estimated 34,000 defendants possibly had been affected , but that estimation rose to 37,500 after attorney David Meier joined Patrick 's special counsel in September . The increase came as no surprise to Patrick 's administration , because there was always an assumption that more information would lead to more discoveries , said Heather Johnson , a spokeswoman for the administration . Since January , approximately 2,500 more names have been identified , bringing the total number of individuals potentially affected to 40,323 , which Meier has recorded in a "  master list . " While some of these added names are in fact new , the majority is not ; rather , most are newly identified co-defendants of cases that were already on the list , Johnson said . 2012 : Chemist in Boston lab scandal handled 50,000 drug samples The "  master list " is an inventory of names of each person whose drug samples were associated in some way with testing done by Dookhan at the drug laboratory , and it is the product of a nearly year-long review and an electronic analysis of over three million lab documents , Patrick 's administration said . According to Suffolk District Attorney 's Office spokeswoman Rene Algarin , 240 defendants whose cases are potentially affected have been released in Suffolk County until the investigation surrounding Dookhan 's alleged evidence tampering is concluded . But the case against Dookhan is complicated by the fact that she faces indictments in seven different Massachusetts counties -- Suffolk , Plymouth , Middlesex , Norfolk , Essex , Bristol and Barnstable -- because she had previously testified in various trials in her former official capacity as a chemist . Bridget Morton Middleton , assistant district attorney for Plymouth County , said it 's not just simply coming up with a list of names of defendants . It 's a much more labor-intensive process that each of the seven counties must undergo to determine whether a defendant 's sentence should be put on hold . In some cases , for instance , Dookhan was not the primary chemist in a trial and was only agreeing with what another chemist had confirmed , Middleton said . At a news conference Tuesday afternoon , Meier said he plans to sit down with representatives from the bar associations , district attorneys , prosecutors and chief justices of the various courts to present the material he has gathered . Meier , however , made it clear several times that it is not -- and was never -- his role to assess these documents , but rather to "  get the information into the hands of the appropriate people , prosecutors , defense attorneys , and judges , so that fundamental fairness and justice can be done in the court rooms . " Dookhan 's attorney , Nicholas Gordon , could not be reached for comment Tuesday . Dookhan 's next court date is set for October 11 in Suffolk Superior Court	Annie Dookhan was a state chemist in Massachusetts for nine years Her work involved drug testing and evidenc handling She was arrested last year and charged with mishandling drug evidence Authorities now say cases for more than 40,000 defendants could be affected
Rolling Stone  -- "  All Is By My Side " -- the Jimi Hendrix biopic currently being shot in Ireland , starring Outkast 's Andre Benjamin  a.k.a. Andre 3000  -- will feature new recordings of Benjamin covering the Beatles , Muddy Waters and more , producers tell Rolling Stone . The film will not , however , include any songs written by Hendrix , the rights to which are controlled by the late guitarist 's estate . Last month , Experience Hendrix LLC , which oversees the Hendrix estate , issued a statement regarding the movie , which has been in production for four months . The company , which is run by Hendrix 's sister Janie , said that it "  has made it known many times in the past that no such film , were it to include original music or copyrights created by Jimi Hendrix , can be undertaken without its full participation . " Instead , the film -- set in London in 1966 and 1967 -- will include Benjamin 's new versions of covers that Hendrix performed during those years , shortly before the release of his landmark debut , "  Are You Experienced . " Audiences will see Benjamin singing "  Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band "  which Hendrix famously performed in a London club with members of the Beatles in the audience  , "  Wild Thing , " "  Hound Dog , " Muddy Waters ' "  Mannish Boy " and Elmore James ' "  Bleeding Heart , " plus two songs , "  Future Trip " and "  Driving South , " that Hendrix played as a backup musician for Curtis Knight and the Squires . The remakes were cut in Los Angeles by a session-legend power trio including Waddy Wachtel  who 's played guitar for Keith Richards , Stevie Nicks and Linda Ronstadt  , Leland Sklar  bassist for James Taylor , Jackson Browne and Phil Collins  , and Kenny Aronoff  former John Mellencamp drummer  . Danny Bramson , a longtime music supervisor who won a Grammy for his work on the "  Almost Famous " soundtrack , oversaw the music . "  All Is By My Side " is currently shooting in Dublin , Ireland , where co-producer Sean McKittrick says it was "  easier ... to recreate 1967 London . " Principal photography is expected to wrap this week , and producers then hope to take the film to Sundance in early 2013 for possible release next year . A soundtrack album featuring the Benjamin-sung covers is also in discussion . "  Andre has been Jimi for four months now , " McKittrick says . "  He speaks and walks like Jimi . He dropped a ton of weight . The transformation has been amazing . " If the movie were to include songs Hendrix wrote , like "  Purple Haze " or "  The Wind Cries Mary , " the producers would have needed permission from Experience Hendrix , which owns the copyrights to the material . But according to McKittrick , the film was always set in Hendrix ' pre-fame era , so neither he or his team ever approached the Hendrix estate . "  This is the story of Jimi being discovered as a backup musician and how he went to London and became Jimi Hendrix , " says the producer . McKittrick says that focusing on early stories about Hendrix -- like the times he jammed with Cream and met Eric Clapton -- is preferable to a biopic about Hendrix 's full life story . "  That would be like making a movie about Kurt Cobain , " he says . "  We all know how that story ends . " A spokesperson for Experience Hendrix tells Rolling Stone that the company had no idea the movie would include non-Hendrix songs . "  They want to make a Jimi Hendrix movie without Jimi Hendrix music , " says the estate representative . "  It would be like making a movie about Lincoln without being able to use the Gettysburg Address . " Music industry sources confirm that the filmmakers are legally in the clear as long as licenses are in place for the non-Hendrix songs . "  They 're absolutely in the right as long as they got the licenses for those songs , " says Conrad Rippy , a music business lawyer who represents the estates of Elliott Smith and Jeff Buckley . "  They do n't need to get the approval of the Hendrix estate for that . " See the full story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	The Jimi Hendrix biopic starring Outkast 's Andre Benjamin is currently being shot in Ireland It will feature new recordings of Benjamin covering the Beatles , Muddy Waters and more The film will not include any songs written by Hendrix
Russian President Vladimir Putin plans to pardon jailed oligarch and Kremlin opponent Mikhail Khodorkovsky , he said Thursday . Speaking to reporters after a news conference , Putin said Khodorkovsky had written a letter appealing for a pardon , citing humanitarian factors . The announcement came a day after Russian lawmakers backed a sweeping amnesty law and as the nation 's human rights issues are in the spotlight as the country prepares to host the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi in February . The amnesty , to mark the anniversary of the adoption in 1993 of Russia 's post-Communist constitution , will be applied to thousands of Russian prisoners , the state-run RIA Novosti reported . "  We have several dozens of amnesties recently , " Putin told reporters . As for Khodorkovsky , Putin said that he has been imprisoned for more than 10 years , which he called a "  serious punishment . " "  His mother is ill , and I think , taking into consideration all these circumstances , one can take an appropriate decision , " Putin said . "  And a decree will be signed shortly after pardoning him . " Khodorkovsky 's son told CNN Thursday that he was not able to substantiate Kremlin assertions that there is a planned pardon for his father . During a telephone interview , Pavel Khodorkovsky said he had yet to talk to his father or his father 's attorneys . "  With Putin things are always personal , " he said . "  I would be surprised if Putin were playing politics . " His father , an oil magnate who backed an opposition party , has been in prison since 2003 and was convicted in 2005 of tax evasion and fraud . Russia has faced international criticism for its treatment of Khodorkovsky , once Russia 's richest man , with countries including the United States accusing it of selective prosecution and abuse of the legal system . He has said his prosecution was part of a Kremlin campaign to destroy him and take control of the company he built from privatization deals of the 1990s .	Putin tells reporters about plans for a pardon This comes as lawmakers back an amnesty law The oil magnate has been in jail since 2003 Russia has been criticized for its treatment of Khodorkovsky
CNN  -- Warnings from the National Weather Service about excessive temperatures in the Northeast remain in place through Thursday , as temperatures approached or surpassed the 100-degree mark for a second consecutive day Wednesday in many states . An "  excessive heat watch " will remain in effect through Thursday afternoon in parts of Delaware , Massachusetts , Pennsylvania and New Jersey . The weather service says that temperatures maybe lower but the dew point temperatures will be higher . That combination means heat indices will be close to 100 degrees again on Thursday . A "  heat advisory " remains in place for parts of Vermont as well . Heat index values are expected to hover between 100 and 104 degrees Thursday , so the advisory will not be lifted until Thursday evening . Meanwhile , the weather service projects that a "  heat advisory " in place for the New York metro area will lifted by mid-day Thursday . High temperatures are forecast to be about ten degrees cooler than they were Wednesday , as southeasterly winds come in off the Atlantic Ocean . Show us ways that you are staying cool Weather stations in Richmond , Virginia ; Raleigh , North Carolina ; and Mount Holly , New Jersey ; and at Philadelphia International Airport in Pennsylvania and Newark International Airport in New Jersey all registered triple-digit temperatures early Wednesday afternoon . At Baltimore-Washington International Airport in Maryland , temperatures also hit 100 degrees Wednesday afternoon , 4 degrees shy of Tuesday 's high . But CNN meteorologist Chad Myers said heightened humidity Wednesday made it feel similar to Tuesday -- and he warned that the hottest time of day lay ahead later in the afternoon . Waterparks , pools and even fire hydrants became gathering places for people trying try to cool off as the record-breaking heat wave continued to roast much of the region . Officials are advising people to stay indoors as the prolonged heat and humidity creates a "  dangerous situation . " The heat already has claimed at least two lives . An elderly woman was found dead Monday night in a Philadelphia home without air conditioning , according to the city medical examiner 's office . An adult was found dead inside a Baltimore home with a temperature higher than 90 degrees , the Maryland state health department said Wednesday . Young , fit people have succumbed to the extreme temperatures , too . Four midshipmen at the U.S. Naval Academy in Annapolis , Maryland , were being treated for signs of heat exhaustion Wednesday morning , according to academy spokeswoman Judy Campbell . The extreme heat caused scattered power outages in some states . There were customers without power in Connecticut , Massachusetts and New Jersey . Con Edison says customers who lost power in the New York City area should have electricity restored by early Thursday morning . Michael Clendenin of Con Edison told CNN 's American Morning Wednesday that his company has been able to keep the power on for all but 6,000 or so of its 3.2 million customers in New York City . "  It is the kind of thing we expect in heat waves like this and we are working very hard to try to minimize the impact . " Clendenin said . He warned that the situation is far from over . "  So far , I would say we dodged major bullets . I think there 's still a big shoot-out going on . " Clendenin said . Power is n't the only thing in sporadic supply in the heat-afflicted region . According to the general manager of the White Oak Ice company in Bensalem , Pennsylvania , "  The whole tri-state area is just about out of ice -- New Jersey , Philadelphia and Delaware . Absolutely unbelievable . It 's terrible up here . We have n't experienced this in 12 years , 13 years , " said John Sylvester . "  All the big major companies are out of ice . Guys are scrambling . They 're calling for ice and it 's coming from Wisconsin , Ohio , the Carolinas and they 're running out . Demand is way higher than what everyone can produce and I do n't see any end in sight , " Sylvester added . "  Other ice companies are calling us begging for ice . There 's only a certain amount of guys who manufacture and a company like ours , we 're keeping up with it but we 're coming to an end . We 've used all our ice in storage . We start storing in February or March . We make a couple hundred tons a day . " In New York , the city set up as many as 400 cooling stations in its five boroughs , according to the Office of Emergency Management . Emergency Management Commissioner Joe Bruno urged people to use the center , and advised neighbors to check on neighbors to make sure they are well . Some of those neighbors might not have air conditioning to begin with . New Yorker Alfred Roblero not only lacks air conditioning in his apartment , he has to walk up six flights of stairs to get there . "  It 's terrible . Most of the time my heart is like beating like ... like I need air because of the heat , " Roblero told CNN 's Jason Carroll . "  This is a significant health emergency as well as a heat emergency , " Bruno said . New York City officials say the unauthorized opening of fire hydrants often spikes during heat waves . Residents are being warned not to open hydrants without spray caps , because it 's "  illegal , wasteful and dangerous , " and could lead to fines and/or imprisonment . The city says illegally-opened hydrants could impede firefighting , waste more than 1,000 gallons of water per minute and knock down children , causing injury -- but adults can get legally-approved spray caps from their local firehouse that will limit water flow to 20-25 gallons per minute when placed on a hydrant . In Middletown , Connecticut , police issued summonses for second-degree reckless endangerment to two high school football coaches who held practice in the heat , leading one student to collapse . The assistant football coaches at Middletown High School staged a "  strength and conditioning session that consisted of weight training and running " from 6 p.m. to 8 p.m. Tuesday , the Middletown police said . A student passed out during a phase of the running that involved "  sprinting up a hill several times , " police said . In Nashua , New Hampshire , Ben Dionne spent part of Tuesday outside cleaning out a pool . He told CNN affiliate WMUR he was following experts ' advice to stay hydrated . "  It 's hot . I 'm just trying to stay cool and get as much water as I can . " In Philadelphia , a 92-year-old woman was found dead in her home . The woman , who was discovered by a neighbor , had opened a few windows but did not have air conditioning , said a medical examiner 's spokesman . The National Weather Service is urging people to protect themselves . "  Be sure to check on your elderly relatives and neighbors . Coaches , trainers , camp counselors should remain alert for signs of heat exhaustion and heat stroke , " the weather service warned . The heat can also adversely affect animals , and that 's having an impact on a popular New York City tourist attraction . The city 's health department bans carriage operators from working their horses "  whenever the air temperature is 90 degrees Fahrenheit or above , " said department spokeswoman Suzanne Craig . She said anyone offering horse-drawn carriage rides at those dangerous temperatures is subject to fines from both the health department and the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals , or ASPCA . ASPCA officers in Central Park told Craig that operators complied with the mandate Tuesday , sidelining their businesses in the heat , except for early in the morning and late at night when temperatures dipped below 90 degrees , she said . Some people are fleeing the city for cooler places nearby . Mountain Creek Waterpark in Vernon , New Jersey , is drawing a lot of New Yorkers , park spokeswoman Alice Heinrich said Wednesday . "  It has been one of those weeks where everyone gets the idea , they see a heat wave and do n't have pools , so they come out to the waterpark . " Heinrich said the waterpark is reminding visitors via its loudspeakers to drink fluids -- and making it easier for them to do so . Waterpark workers are going around handing out water to people waiting in long lines for rides , she said . CNN 's Chad Myers , Mackenzie Green , Jessica Naziri , Jason Kessler , Mythili Rao , Cassie Spodak , and Ashley Vaughn contributed to this report .	Heat wave causes deaths in Baltimore and Philadelphia Several cities from Raleigh , North Carolina , to Newark , New Jersey , hit triple digits Heat advisories are in effect until Wednesday evening in the Northeast New York sets up cooling stations , warns not to open fire hydrants without spray caps
The United States is launching an effort to save some of its busiest workers : honey bees . President Barack Obama created a task force comprising various agencies to address the issue of rapidly diminishing honey bees and other pollinators . Honey bees pollinate fruit , nuts and vegetables , and are crucial for the nation 's food industry . They have declined sharply in recent years due to various factors , including pesticides , mite infestations and loss of genetic diversity , the White House said Friday . "  Pollination is integral to food security in the United States , " it said . "  Honey bees enable the production of at least 90 commercially grown crops in North America . Globally , 87 of the leading 115 food crops evaluated are dependent on animal pollinators . " During pollination , insects , birds , butterflies and bats transfer pollen between plants , which allows them to make seeds and reproduce . In addition to food sustainability , honey bees boost the economy . "  Pollinators contribute more than $ 24 billion to the United States economy , of which honey bees account for more than $ 15 billion through their vital role in keeping fruits , nuts , and vegetables in our diets , " the White House said . In California , the almond industry is at risk because it depends on 1.4 million beehives annually for pollination . Almonds rely exclusively on bees for pollination . The number of managed honey bee colonies in the United States fell sharply from 6 million beehives in 1947 to 2.5 million today , according to the White House . Obama said the Environmental Protection Agency and United States Department of Agriculture will spearhead an effort to determine why honey bees , monarch butterflies and other pollinators are dwindling and find ways to boost their conservation . In addition , Obama 's budget for next year recommends about $ 50 million for multiple agencies to help boost research , increase the number of acres dedicated to pollinators ' conservation programs and boost funding for research on pollinator losses . Opinion : What will happen if the bees disappear ?	Honey bees pollinate fruit , nuts and vegetables Pollination is crucial for the food industry Honey bees have declined sharply due to pesticides , mites and other factors In California , the almond industry is at risk because it relies on bees for pollination
CNN  -- Inter Milan 's faultless record under new coach Leonardo came to an abrupt halt on Sunday as the reigning Serie A champions lost 3-1 to Udinese . Inter were on course for their sixth straight win since the Brazilian took over from Rafa Benitez in December when Dejan Stankovic gave them the lead after a quarter of an hour . But Udinese struck back almost immediately with goals from Cristian Zapata after 20 minutes and Antonio Di Natale five minutes later . Maurizio Domizzi added the home side 's third in the 69th minute leaving Inter too much to do in the final 20 minutes of the match . The result means Udinese stay in eighth place , but are now only one point behind Palermo . Inter remain in fifth with 35 points . Rivals AC Milan moved four points clear at the top of the league as they beat Cesena 2-0 at the San Siro . An own goal by Cesena defender Pellegrino at the end of the first half gave Milan the lead . The Rossoneri had several chances to wrap up the match in the second half with Robinho going close twice , but it was left to the ever dependable Ibrahimovic to make sure of the points as he slotted home from a tight angle in injury time . Cesena ninth away defeat of the season means they remain in 18th place with 19 points . Napoli moved up to second behind leaders Milan after a 2-0 win at Bari . Argentina 's Ezequiel Lavezzi put Napoli ahead after 38 minutes with a well-taken free-kick . Uruguayan striker Edinson Cavani made sure of three points shortly before the end scoring his 14th goal of the season . Lazio failed to make up any ground on Milan after slumping to a shock 3-1 defeat at Bologna . Lazio took the lead in the fifth minute thanks to Sergio Floccari , but Gaston Ramirez leveled the scores half an hour later . Three minutes later the home side were ahead as striker Marco Di Vaio carved through the Lazio defense before finishing neatly . Di Vaio scored his 13th goal of the season and his team 's third in injury time at the end of the match . Juventus stay in sixth place , now on the same points as Inter , after a 0-0 draw at Sampdoria . There were no goals between Chievo and Genoa either as both teams looked to escape the bottom half of the table . There was also stalemate in the match between Fiorentina and Lecce which finished 1-1 . David Di Michele opened the scoring for Lecce after 29 minutes only for Alberto Gilardino to cancel it our with a header in the 56th minute .	Leonardo suffers first defeat in six games as Inter lose 3-1 to Udinese Milan goes four points clear at top of Serie A after a 2-0 win over Cesena Napoli move up to second after a 2-0 win at Bari
CNN  -- Average U.S. gasoline prices have dropped more than a nickel over the past two weeks , marking their first dip since December , according to a nationwide survey published Sunday . A gallon of regular now costs $ 3.91 on average , the Lundberg Survey found . That 's down more than 5 cents from two weeks earlier , when the average was just a few cents below the $ 4 mark . "  We can thank crude oil for allowing gasoline to do what it has been wanting to do for weeks , which is drop , " said publisher Trilby Lundberg . Gasoline supplies are plentiful , but crude oil prices had been "  propping up " gasoline costs , she said . As crude oil prices have stabilized , gasoline prices have fallen . "  We may see another five to 10 cents decline in the next few weeks " if crude oil does n't rise , she said . Even looking ahead to later in May , as the country enters peak driving season , prices might not jump if crude oil stays stable because gasoline supplies are flush , Lundberg said . The average price nationally one year ago was $ 3.88 -- just three cents under the current average , Lundberg said . The Lundberg Survey tabulates prices every two weeks at thousands of gas stations nationwide . Over the past two weeks , the average price in Chicago has fallen nearly 19 cents , to $ 4.26 -- but that 's still the highest of any city in the latest survey , taken Friday . The city with the lowest average gas price was Tulsa , Oklahoma , at $ 3.52 . Here are prices in some other cities : Atlanta : $ 3.79 Boston : $ 3.95 Denver : $ 3.87 Houston : $ 3.85 Memphis , Tennessee : $ 3.72 Portland , Oregon : $ 4.02 San Francisco : $ 4.21	The average U.S. gasoline price is $ 3.91 per gallon It is the survey 's first price drop since December The survey is taken every two weeks at gas stations nationwide The average price dropped 19 cents in Chicago over the past two weeks , the publisher said
Beijing  CNN  -- Come November 24 , the eyes of boxing fans will be trained on the Cotai Arena in The Venetian Macao in Macau , the venue for what organizers say will be the biggest professional boxing match ever held in China . American Top Rank CEO Bob Arum is promoting the "  Clash in Cotai " with boxing superstar Manny Pacquiao fighting Mexican-American Brandon Rios the main card . It will be Pacquiao 's first fight in China . "  It 's going to be a good fight . It 's going to be a one of a kind fight , " Pacquiao said during a promotion tour in Beijing last week . "  This is a good chance to promote boxing in China . Do n't miss it . " One added attraction for Chinese fans will be the undercard fight featuring Zou Shiming , the 22-year-old boxer from southwestern Guizhou province . With 2008 and 2012 Olympic gold medals under his belt , the up-and-comer has served as the emblem for the re-emergence of boxing in China in the past decade . Zou made his professional boxing debut at the Venetian Macao this April , winning the "  Fists of Gold " match in Macau 's Cotai Arena . On July 27 , he won another bout against Mexico 's Jesus Ortegas in the same venue . Cotai Arena , which seats 15,000 , is part of the 40-story , $ 2.4 billion luxury resort , The Venetian Macao , the largest single structure hotel building in Asia and the largest casino in the world . Macau , a tiny Chinese enclave near Hong Kong , has already eclipsed the Las Vegas Strip as the world 's most lucrative gambling market . Last year , the former Portuguese colony , which like Hong Kong is now a quasi-autonomous region of China , made $ 36 billion in gambling revenue , six times its Las Vegas counterpart . This autumn , the ambitious Venetian Macao hopes to lure elite high-rollers along with boxing aficionados , including those in China . It started with street brawls Boxing in China began in the 1920s in port cities like Shanghai and Guangzhou as a street sport among foreign sailors who sparred against local fighters . The sport spread largely unsupervised by the Chinese government , even after the Communists took over the mainland in 1949 . In 1953 , a boxer died after a bout in a big competition in the port city of Tianjin . Six years later , Communist Party Chairman Mao Zedong banned the sport for its violent and capitalist characteristics . It took another strongman to rehabilitate boxing in the People 's Republic . In December 1979 , then paramount leader Deng Xiaoping met boxing legend Muhammad Ali in his residence , sending the message that winning medals in boxing is glorious . In 1986 , the ban was lifted and teams of Chinese athletes started to train for amateur boxing competitions , including the recent Olympic Games . Cashing in on the ring Arum , long famed for promoting the likes of Muhammad Ali , has set his sights on the vast potential of Chinese markets by bringing two cards . One is a world-class brawl between Pacquiao and Rios . Arum says Pacquiao , who boasts of 10 world titles in eight different divisions , will appeal to the crowd with his athletic prowess and legendary storyline . In between fights in the past three years , Pacquiao has served as a legislator in the Philippines , spearheading campaigns against sex trafficking while donating part of his boxing earnings to aid local hospitals and schools . "  Manny Pacquiao represents the best that boxing has to offer -- hope as an athlete and as a human being , " Arum gushed in a recent press conference in Beijing . "  He has done more humanitarian work than any athlete in the world and certainly more than most people in the Philippines . " THE FIGHTERS : Pacquiao rises for toughest fight Pacquiao attributed this philanthropic drive to his impoverished childhood . "  I entered politics because I want to serve the people . I want to help them , " Pacquiao told the press in Beijing . "  My dream is not only to become a champion but to help people . A champion to public service . " The contenders Pacquiao 's younger and taller opponent , Brandon "  Bam Bam " Rios , is better known for his dynamism and bravura . The fighter from Los Angeles has gained a large following among young boxing fans because he represents "  a typical young man in America , " Arum noted . Rios , wearing a baseball cap with "  I heart Haters " logo , said : "  I 'll get ready to give Manny the best fight he ever had . He is a warrior , I am a warrior . That 's our trait . It 's going to be a hell of a fight . " "  We want to give the fans a really exciting fight , " Arum said . "  Brandon and Manny will be hitting each other from the opening bell to as long as they last . " Arum 's other card is the Chinese boxing sensation Zou Shiming , who Arum thinks could be polished into a superstar under the tutelage of Freddie Roach , Pacquiao 's trainer . "  He 's quite smart and a quick learner , " Roach said of Zou . "  He 'll get better and better . " "  The problem is that it is a different sport , " Arum said . "  Amateur boxing rewards boxers for the quantity of punches , not the quality of punches , and professional boxing is more about the quality of punches , " Arum said . "  We have high expectations of him improving as he goes along . " If all goes well for Arum , the Western sport of boxing might finally sink a long-delayed clinch hold over the East . Byron Tseng , Feng Ke and Audrey Shi contributed to this report	Manny Pacquiao to fight Brandon Rios in the "  biggest " boxing match ever in China Cotai Arena , where the match will take place , is located in a $ 2.4 B resort and seats 15,000 Boxing was banned in China by Mao Zedong in 1959 ; ban was lifted in 1986
The recent op-ed by Rick Santorum and Joel C. Rosenberg is yet another attempt to stymie and shackle Iran and international negotiators in ongoing talks about Iran 's peaceful nuclear program . Iran should be able to enjoy its right to peaceful nuclear energy while avoiding further hostilities and instability . Particularly illogical is their joining in the decades-old rhetoric , comparing who they see as their foe -- Iran -- to Adolf Hitler . Their view of the diplomatic path is misguided . Their attempt to compare the Iranian government to the murderous Third Reich is ludicrous , counterproductive and unfortunate . The Hitler analogy has a long and tortured history . For many decades , those seeking to circumvent peaceful conflict resolution have resorted to the crude Hitler analogy , comparing others to the hideous ruler . Santorum and Rosenberg affirmed comparisons of Russian President Vladimir Putin to Hitler earlier in the same article . But their comparisons to Hitler carry some insidious inferences . They say that since Hitler 's claim that he desired peace was a lie , Iran 's claims to want peace can not be believed . Therefore diplomacy in general ca n't happen and thus nations are locked in a policy of continuous war and aggression . They also seek to undermine any constructive debate about policy , and instead have the public and policy makers act out of sheer panic rather than thoughtful statesmanship . Those favoring a rush to hostility have always used the Hitler comparison to circumvent sensible deliberation and intimidate others . They want nations to support the impulsive use of force at times when they know using force is the wrong path and that diplomacy is best for national and global security . This is not to say that there are n't many valuable lessons to be learned from the failure to quickly confront the menace of the Third Reich . The world should not have stood by as Hitler invaded his neighbors . Iran , by contrast , has not invaded any of its neighbors over the past 250 years . Thus , comparing Iran to Nazi Germany is illogical and should be condemned for the sake of peace and global security . The current efforts by the Iranian government to reach a diplomatic resolution on the nuclear file is not a tactic but , as many independent observers have noted , reflects its will to compromise and re-engage the world with mutual respect and the peaceful resolution of conflict . President Hassan Rouhani , who won an election that had a voter turnout of 73 % , campaigned on the platform of reaching understanding with the West on a number of issues , including the nuclear file . That is the basis of Iran 's current policy . Santorum and Rosenberg also recommend President Barack Obama support efforts by some in Congress to pass new sanctions . But those sanctions would violate the terms of the interim agreement , or at the very least , impose the strictest possible parameters on the American negotiators . Those parameters would either significantly harm sensitive international negotiations or derail the process altogether . Also , the interim accord reached in Geneva is a very transparent agreement based on verification as well as strict inspections , so both sides feel assured as they seek a final status agreement . Santorum and Rosenberg also point to a poll commissioned by Rosenberg that they claim indicates popular support for their perception of Iran . It 's worth noting that neither Rosenberg nor the conservative polling firm have disclosed the full results of the poll or their methodology . But even if this poll was to be given weight , the spread of this extremely negative perception of Iran among some in the American public -- championed by people like the authors -- is not a logical rationalization . Additionally , if we are to look at polls , numerous ones published by major nonpartisan polling firms show strong support for diplomacy among the American people , according to some by a 2-to-1 margin . For example in a CNN/ORC International Poll , three out of four Americans support diplomacy over conflict , including 87 % of Democrats and 68 % of Republicans . Rosenberg is a former Israeli official . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's complete opposition to any peaceful solution has been on full display since the potential of diplomatic conflict resolution became apparent . Santorum 's attempt to put out hawkish statement is understandable in light of his electoral ambitions . But since global security is on the line , the decisions that guide this process should not be made based on political posturing or hysteria . And they should not give outsized consideration to the overzealous hyperbole of those who reflexively oppose diplomacy , who still consider the Iraq boondoggle a prudent war . They should rather be made with meticulous consideration of the national interests and with an eye -- and cautious optimism -- toward a negotiated settlement that could relieve tensions and even a reversal of the current dynamic of hostility . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Iranian official Hamid Babaei fires back at recent claims comparing Iran to Nazi Germany Babaei : Iran should be able to enjoy its right to peaceful nuclear energy The Hitler analogy , he says , has a long and tortured history and is off point in this case
New York  CNN  -- A man who allegedly threatened police officers with a knife was shot and fatally wounded Saturday afternoon near Times Square in Manhattan , authorities said . The 3 p.m. incident , which occurred in an area popular with shoppers and tourists , began when officers approached a man because he was smoking what appeared to be a "  marijuana cigarette , " said Deputy Police Commissioner Paul Browne . The man , 51 , became agitated and brandished a knife , which had a 6-inch blade , near Seventh Avenue and 44th Street , said Browne . iReport : ' looked back saw him holding the gun ... ' Additional officers responded and pepper-sprayed the man six times , to no effect , when he menaced police with the knife and refused to drop it , according to Browne . "  He advanced on uniformed officers , refusing officers ' repeated commands to drop his weapon , " the deputy commissioner said . The man was shot at Seventh Avenue between 37th and 38th streets by two officers after he refused to drop his weapon , according to police . The unidentified individual was transported to the hospital , where he died . It remained unclear Saturday evening whether the suspect injured any pedestrians prior to being shot . Three officers were treated for ringing in the ears , presumably from the sound of the gunshots . Browne said the officers involved in the shooting will be on required administrative duty while the incident is reviewed . Shaking up ` Kila-delphia ' with cameras Opinion : Do guns make us safer ? CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Police shoot man who wielded knife near Times Square Incident covered several blocks along Seventh Avenue Area is popular with shoppers , tourists
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Hundreds of excited music fans wait in line on the lookout for their favorite singers on a hit television show . Elaha Sorur was the lone female finalist on this season 's "  Afghan Star , " the country 's answer to "  American Idol . " Instead of spending the time outside a New York venue or Hollywood soundstage though , these fans braved barbed wire and gun-toting guards in Kabul to attend Afghanistan 's premier pop music event : the finals of "  Afghan Star , " the embattled country 's answer to "  American Idol . " In line , bright mod outfits have replaced Kabul 's normally conservative dress code . Onstage , men sport the latest styles . And on TV screens , a country 's new battle between traditional and pop culture plays out . "  For the young generation , " says one fan in line , "  it 's very important to be cool , with a cool mind . " Inside the concert hall , Jahid Mohseni , a 38-year-old Afghan-Australian media mogul , tries to manage the chaos he 's created . Singers , child acrobats and TV technicians all compete to get his attention before the start of Afghanistan 's biggest night of television . Mohseni , who started the country 's top television network , Tolo TV , said he 's just trying to revive Afghan culture after the fallow Taliban era when music and television were banned . Watch performances on "  Afghan Star " " "  Yes , we are promoting social change , but we can not push Afghan society where it does n't want to go . This is a commercial enterprise , and it 's reflecting what people want , " Mohseni said . In Afghanistan , more than 60 percent of the population is younger than 25 , and judging by the popularity of "  Afghan Star , " "  they 're like people everywhere . They 're not from Mars , " Mohseni said . At the fourth-season finals this year , the audience included those who sat quietly as well as those who loudly cheered for contestants , including Naweed Forugh  who would be named the "  Afghan Star " winner  , Naweed Sabirpur , Mehran Gulzar and Elaha Sorur , the lone female finalist . "  Art is in the blood of Afghans and has been for centuries , and it is still , " Sorur said . "  During the years of fighting , the people have n't been able to use their artistry , but with time , it will get better and better . Afghanistan and the people of Afghanistan are ready for a change . " But not everyone is happy with Mohseni 's programming choices . Afghanistan 's guardians of Islamic values , the Ulema Council , protested that "  Afghan Star " and Tolo TV 's popular Indian soap operas were not part of Afghan culture . Afghanistan 's minister for information and culture even tried to stop the soap operas in court , claiming that it was a question of national security . And last year , a female finalist on "  Afghan Star " received death threats and was forced into hiding after her head scarf fell to her shoulders during a performance . "  This young woman , beautiful , dancing with her hair free ... that symbolizes everything that is forbidden and was forbidden in Afghan culture , " said Havana Marking , director of a documentary about the show 's 2008 season , also called "  Afghan Star . " Mohseni points out that Afghanistan is near two powerful neighbors : India , with a population of 1.1 billion , and Iran , with almost 70 million people  compared with Afghanistan 's estimated 34 million  . "  You just have to sit down with your critics and explain that if we do n't have Afghan music and entertainment , Bollywood will take over , " he said . "  We 're just trying to hold our own in the middle of what is effectively a cultural war . " That culture war can be seen on Tolo TV . After meeting with the Ulema Council , Mohseni dreamed up another reality show called "  Tartil , " or "  Koran Star . " The three finalists were quizzed by religious authorities and judged on how well they 've memorized passages from the Quran , Islam 's holy book . There were no wild ovations when the winner was announced . But the finale still produced a bombshell : a shy 16-year-old schoolgirl named Uzra Mohamedi , who accepted the oversize $ 3,500 check without cracking a smile and dressed in a traditional black veil . Other TV programming in Afghanistan includes state-run news and lifestyle shows , a popular locally produced drama about an extended Afghan family , a sketch comedy show -- and the hit Kiefer Sutherland drama "  24 . " Mohseni said that "  Afghan Star " pushes his country forward in subtle ways , for instance teaching a few valuable lessons in democracy . Winners are picked by fans who can vote on their mobile phones -- one SIM card , one vote . In previous elimination rounds , losers sometimes stormed off the set , refusing to accept defeat . But now they thank their supporters and graciously congratulate the winners . "  This is the educational component of our show , and hopefully it 'll rub off on our politicians , " Mohseni said . To coincide with Afghanistan 's presidential elections in August , Mohseni created a reality show called "  The Candidate " as a way to encourage a more robust political debate . Six young Afghans face off in mock presidential debates and compete in American-style election campaigns . In the future , Mohseni said he hopes the direction of Afghan culture will be decided democratically without traditionalists imposing values by force or government edicts . Either way , Tolo TV has an avid audience : According to Mohseni , the finals of both "  Afghan Star " and "  Koran Star " won their nights ' ratings races , easily beating the competition .	"  Afghan Star " is Afghanistan 's version of "  American Idol " The show , one of Afghanistan 's most popular , has completed its fourth season Another show , "  Koran Star , " judges contestants ' knowledge of Islam 's holy book Many observers see TV programming as a culture war inside Afghanistan
CNN  -- The five Taliban figures who got out of Guantanamo in exchange for U.S. Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl 's release would be taking an "  enormous risk " if they return to the battlefield , Secretary of State John Kerry told CNN in an interview that aired Sunday . "  I 'm not telling you that they do n't have some ability at some point to go back and get involved  in fighting  . But they also have an ability to get killed doing that . " Kerry said in his first public comments on the controversial prisoner exchange . Kerry defended the swap and told CNN the former detainees will be monitored closely -- and not just by officials in Qatar , where they were flown after being released . He would n't say who else will be watching , but he said the United States is confident the conditions of their release will be honored . "  And if they 're violated , then we have the ability to be able to do things , " he said , warning that the United States would do whatever is necessary to protect Americans "  if these guys pick a fight with us in the future , or now , or at any time . " Bergdahl was released May 31 near the Afghanistan-Pakistan border in an exchange for five Taliban detainees held at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . Republican critics in Washington have complained that the exchange for Bergdahl gave up hardened terrorists capable of attacking U.S. troops and interests . In addition , legislators from both parties accuse the Obama administration of violating the National Defense Authorization Act by failing to provide 30 days ' advance notice to Congress of a transfer of Guantanamo detainees . Administration officials have given several reasons for the lack of notification -- a need to move quickly due to Bergdahl 's poor health and the overall threat to his safety , and the likelihood that even a small leak of the plan could have led to his death . How did six soldiers die after Bergdahl 's disappearance ? U.S. official : Bergdahl wants to be called private first class New reports about Bergdahl 's time in captivity Bergdahl is recovering at a U.S. military hospital in Germany as details slowly emerge about his condition after five years of captivity . Citing an American official , The New York Times reported Sunday that Bergdahl told medical staff that the box he was kept in for weeks at a time was pitch black and like a shark cage . CNN reported Friday that Bergdahl has said he was kept in a small box after trying to escape , according to a senior U.S. official , who spoke on the condition of not being identified . The official also told CNN that Bergdahl suffers from psychological trauma caused by physical abuse . A Taliban source with knowledge of Bergdahl 's captivity told CNN 's Nic Robertson Sunday that Bergdahl was kept in a house owned by an old man , then escaped and was on the run for three days . When he was recaptured after that escape attempt , according to the Taliban source , he was not punished with a cage or cell , but was taken to a more secure location where he had no chance to escape . A U.S. official told CNN last week that Bergdahl may have tried to escape his Taliban captors on at least two occasions . The Taliban source said Bergdahl was given books to read that included Islamic books , but he was not forced to convert and remained true to his Christian upbringing . He was allowed to celebrate Christmas and Easter , the source said . Bergdahl learned to speak the local language of Pashto , was able to exercise and sometimes played soccer with the Taliban , the source said . Hospital : Bergdahl is improving , but is n't ready to travel Doctors at Landstuhl Regional Medical Center , where Bergdahl was taken after his handover , said Friday that he was in stable condition and continued to improve but was n't ready to travel to the United States . "  There is no predetermined timeline for Sgt. Bergdahl 's recovery process , " a hospital statement said . "  The duration will continue to be based on the pace of his healing and reintegration process . " The Times report added that Bergdahl has taken walks outside his hospital room while wearing his Army uniform , according to the American official . Bergdahl , who was promoted twice on schedule while in captivity , objects to being called sergeant , the Times reported . Bergdahl was a private first class when he went missing on June 30 , 2009 , in Afghanistan 's Paktika province , where he was deployed with the 1st Battalion , 501st Infantry Regiment , 4th Brigade Combat Team , 25th Infantry Division . When he is ready , Bergdahl will be flown to the San Antonio Military Medical Center in Texas , where he may be able to reunite with his parents . Bergdahl has not spoken with them since his release . Taliban celebrates Nine songs celebrating the release of the five Taliban detainees were posted to a Taliban website Saturday . On one tune , a singer calls the men "  grand champions " and praises their Islamic faith . According to a CNN translation , a man sings in Pashto : Welcome a hundred times , welcome grand champions Congratulations your new life , O freed men Welcome a hundred times , welcome grand champions Congratulations your new life , O freed men Threats against parents The FBI is investigating threats against Bergdahl 's parents , who have not been seen publicly since sending their son messages of love through a news conference days after his release . "  We are working jointly with our state and local partners and taking each threat seriously , " FBI Special Agent William Facer told CNN in an e-mail Saturday . Facer declined to detail the nature and severity of the threats , and a military representative for the Bergdahls declined to comment . Bergdahl 's father received threats in three messages via e-mail at his home , according to a law enforcement official familiar with the contents of the e-mail . The first threat came on Wednesday , the official said , adding that FBI investigators will be tracing the messages to pinpoint who sent them . Since Bergdahl 's release , critics , including a former member of his unit , have contended that Bergdahl deserted . The Army concluded in a 2009 report that he left his post deliberately . But the Army has no definitive finding that Bergdahl deserted because that would require knowing his intent -- something Army officials ca n't learn without talking to the soldier , a U.S. military official told CNN . Susan Rice defends Bergdahl comments , calls his service ` honorable ' The Bergdahl Files : A custom magazine CNN 's Barbara Starr , Qadir Sediqi , Ed Lavandera , Devon Sayers and Shimon Prokupecz contributed to this report .	NEW : Taliban source : Bergdahl did not convert to Islam , learned to speak Pashto NEW : Law enforcement official : Threats to Bergdahl family came via e-mail John Kerry says released Taliban figures will be monitored If they turn to violent ways , they could die violent deaths , he says
CNN  -- Thousands of Honduran women and children leave the poverty and the violence in their communities to embark on a 1,500-mile journey through the heart of Mexican cartel territory to get into the United States . On "  The Beast " -- the name given to the fast train that many ride through Mexico -- the stories are harrowing . Some die along the way . Others reach the "  land of the free ' " only to find themselves in immigration detention or shelters for unaccompanied children . Their individual stories often go untold for privacy , safety and security reasons . The Department of Homeland Security reports a dramatic decrease in the number of unaccompanied minors and adults with children crossing the border recently , a situation more like what we saw prior to the influx this spring and summer . Still , thousands are entering the country illegally each month . One woman has been adamant about getting the stories of these women and children first hand in the hopes of solving the problem . The first lady of Honduras , Ana Garcia de Hernandez , leads a commission , created by Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez , to solve the unaccompanied child crisis . She has visited shelters in the United States and Mexico , asking women and children about their arduous journey and the conditions that prompted them to flee . In this Q&A , translated from Spanish and edited for clarity and brevity , she sheds light on an issue that is close to her home and to her heart . CNN : You have talked with many women and unaccompanied children who have been detained by U.S. immigration authorities or repatriated to Honduras . What story resonates the most ? Garcia de Hernandez : In my visits to several shelters and detention centers in McAllen , Texas , and Mexico ... every story has been hard for me to hear . I have talked to mothers and children who chose to leave the country in search of opportunity in the United States and have faced the risks of the migration route . I remember this particular case of a child who had spent 20 days kidnapped by "  coyotes " because his dad had not finished paying them and stories of women who have been abused . In Mexico , I knew the story of a woman who was sexually abused in front of her husband and after that , she was attacked physically . As you can imagine , she was in a very difficult psychological situation . CNN : Why is it important for you to hear the stories of the women and the children in person ? Garcia de Hernandez : For me , it is essential to be in the place where everything happens . In the United States , I visited several detention centers . I had the opportunity to talk with officials from the Border Patrol and got a chance to be at the point of crossing in the Rio Grande . In Mexico , I was in Tapachula , Tabasco , Palenque and the capital city . Back in Honduras , I received our citizens repatriated from Mexico on the border of Corinto and deported from the United States as well . When one hears closely the experiences of these families , there is a bigger desire and commitment to support and help them during this difficult time . CNN : In what ways do you think the United States handling of the influx of women and unaccompanied children could be improved ? Garcia de Hernandez : For my husband , President Juan Orlando Hernandez , it has always been important that each case should be viewed on an individual basis . Every child , every woman and every family is a different story of life , and they are entitled to have their human rights respected and to have the option to have a judge defend their case and explain their situation and hope for asylum . Each case is a different story . CNN : As a woman , mother and wife , what frustrates you the most about the violence that is forcing young women and children to flee Honduras ? Garcia de Hernandez : It is a combination of many feelings . From one side we recognize that there is violence in the country , and believe me , we are fighting hard to eradicate it . We also know there are a lot of missing job opportunities , but my husband and the government are focused on social issues to generate these opportunities of development in Honduras . Also , there 's misinformation coming from the organized crime networks , where human traffickers are doing business with the pain of Honduran families . They do n't care if they have to risk the lives of children in the process of smuggling them into the country . CNN : Hundreds , if not thousands , of unaccompanied Honduran children have been released to sponsors in the United States and are being enrolled in American schools right now . What is your message to those Honduran children who are now beginning a new , uncertain life in the United States ? Garcia de Hernandez : What worries me the most is what is happening with these more than 15,000 Central American children who have entered this way to the United States . And those who have already been released to their parents or a sponsor , I wonder if these kids are actually in school , if they receive medical attention and especially if they get psychological counseling for the trauma they experienced on this trip . I imagine them entering a country where they do n't know the language and in many cases these children do not even know their parents . Sometimes they only know their voices on the telephone . I ask the government of the United States to provide these children with all the assistance they really need .	First Lady of Honduras has visited shelters in U.S. and Mexico She says it is essential to "  be in the place where everything happens " Garcia de Hernandez wants U.S. to view unaccompanied children on case-by-case basis
Washington  CNN  -- The public may have seen the last video images of the failed blowout preventer from the BP oil well disaster , as authorities expressed possible security concerns . The feed from a camera on board a salvage ship was discontinued Saturday after the apparatus was raised from the sea floor and placed on the vessel Q4000 . At his regular briefing with reporters Wednesday , National Incident Commander Thad Allen said additional questions about the unit would now have to go to the U.S. Justice Department and the Joint Investigation Team . When pressed about the video feed , Allen said , "  We 'll have to refer that to the Department of Justice . There were some constraints put on that videotaping based on the people that are looking at the blowout preventer and their identities and so forth , and I think there 's , there may be some security issues associated with it . " Allen said the ship will carry the unit to shore , but that the timetable and other questions will no longer be something he can address as part of the disaster operations that he heads . As of Wednesday , he said , "  the blowout preventer is already up on deck on the Q4000 . The lower marine riser package has been separated , and they 're putting it on latching skids getting ready to move it closer to shore . " He said "  exactly when it arrives and what the disposition would be , I would refer you to the Department of Justice , or the Joint Investigation Team , " since "  from this point out it does n't involve the spill itself . " Allen said after the ship moves off-scene , "  this will cease to be part of the national response that I 'm coordinating as the national incident commander . "	The blowout preventer is on a ship in the Gulf of Mexico A camera feed from the ship was discontinued Saturday Thad Allen cited security concerns Wednesday on further videotaping of the unit He referred questions to the Department of Justice
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Supreme Court will rule Thursday on the constitutionality of the sweeping health care law championed by President Barack Obama . The high court announced a series of other decisions on Monday , but not the most anticipated one . It announced that all remaining rulings for the year will come in three days . The stakes can not be overstated -- what the justices decide will have an immediate and long-term impact on all Americans , both in how they get medicine and health care , and also in vast , yet unknown areas of "  commerce . " Saving this ruling for the final day "  may not be political , but they understand drama , " said David Cole , a Georgetown University constitutional law professor . He added , "  It 's also the most difficult case , the most important case , so they may want the extra few days to make sure that they 're happy with their written opinions . " The nation 's highest court heard three days of politically charged hearings in March on the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act , a landmark but controversial measure passed by congressional Democrats despite pitched Republican opposition . The challenge focused primarily on the law 's requirement that most Americans buy health insurance or pay a fine . Supporters of the plan argued the "  individual mandate " is necessary for the system to work , while critics argued it is an unconstitutional intrusion on individual freedom . All sides preparing for political fallout from health care decision Four different federal appeals courts heard challenges to parts of the law before the Supreme Court ruling , and came up with three different results . Courts in Cincinnati and Washington voted to uphold the law , while the appeals court in Atlanta struck down the individual mandate . A fourth panel , in Richmond , Virginia , put its decision off until penalties for failing to buy health insurance take effect in 2014 . The polarizing law , dubbed "  Obamacare " by many , is the signature legislation of Obama 's time in office . After a lengthy and heated debate marked by intense opposition from the health insurance industry and conservative groups , the law passed Congress along strictly partisan lines in March 2010 . When Obama signed the legislation later that month , he called it historic said it marked a "  new season in America . " While it was not the comprehensive national health care system liberals initially sought , supporters said the law would reduce health care costs , expand coverage and protect consumers . The law establishes a staged series of reforms over several years , including banning insurance companies from denying coverage to people with pre-existing conditions , forbidding insurers from setting a dollar limit on health coverage payouts , and requiring them to cover preventative care at no additional cost to consumers . It also required individuals to buy health insurance , either through their employers or a state-sponsored exchange , or face a fine beginning in 2014 . Supporters argue the individual mandate is critical to the success of the legislation , because it expands the pool of people paying for insurance and ensures that healthy people do not opt out of buying insurance until they needed it . Critics said the provision gave the government too much power over what they said should be a personal economic decision . Twenty-six states led by Florida say individuals can not be forced to buy insurance , a "  product " they may neither want nor need . And they argue that if that provision is unconstitutional , the entire law must go . The Justice Department countered that since every American will need medical care at some point in their lives , individuals do not "  choose " whether to participate in the health care market . The partisan debate around such a sweeping piece of legislation has encompassed almost every traditional hot-button topic : abortion and contraception funding , state and individual rights , federal deficits , end-of-life care , and the overall economy . During arguments on March 27 , Justice Anthony Kennedy said the law appeared to "  change the relationship between the government and the individual in a profound way . " Congress ready for high court 's health care decisions -- then it gets tricky Chief Justice John Roberts argued that "  all bets are off " when it comes to federal government authority if Congress was found to have the authority to regulate health care in the name of commerce . Liberal justices , however , argued people who do n't pay into the health system by purchasing insurance make care more expensive for everyone . "  It is not your free choice " to stay out of the market for life , Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said during arguments . "  I think the justices probably came into the argument with their minds made up . They had hundreds of briefs and months to study them , " said Thomas Goldstein , publisher of SCOTUSblog.com and a prominent Washington attorney , though he conceded that "  the oral arguments  in March  might have changed their minds around the margin . " Americans are largely split over the reform effort and its legality , according to polling . A March poll for CNN by ORC International found that while support for the law appears to be growing , 50 % of Americans opposed the law , 43 % supported it and 7 % had no opinion . Nearly three-quarters of respondents said they wanted the Supreme Court to overturn at least some of the law 's provisions , although the poll did not specify which ones . The law , which helped spur the creation of the conservative tea party movement , is likely to be a centerpiece of the presidential election campaign . Obama 's presumptive Republican opponent , Mitt Romney , has promised to repeal the measure if elected . But 76 % of respondents in the March CNN/ORC poll said a Supreme Court ruling against the law still would n't change their minds about whom to vote for in November . The 2010 passage of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act came after months of bare-knuckled fights over politics and policy and a century of federal efforts to offer universal health care . The legislation signed by Obama reached 2,700 pages , nine major sections and 450-some provisions . The first lawsuits challenging the health care overhaul began just hours after the president signed the legislation . Basics : Health care reform issues	NEW : The Supreme Court decision on health care will come Thursday A ruling is expected later in the week The Affordable Care Act was passed in March 2010 along partisan lines The law requires individuals to buy health insurance or face a fine
CNN  Three photos , two men , one mystery : Who kept Boston 's historic landmark free of snow during one of the city 's worst storms ? More than two feet of snow covered the streets and sidewalks , shutting down Boston 's schools , businesses and roadways this week . Although streets were plowed , snowfall obscured the iconic Boston Marathon finish line on Boylston Street . One of the first photos to surface shows a man in dark clothing approaching the street with a shovel . Philip Hillman , 44 , took the photo and told CNN he was working out of a hotel room in downtown Boston on Tuesday afternoon because he did n't want to commute during the snowstorm , and happened to notice something strange outside his window . Hillman said seeing someone taking the time to clear off the finish line was something that made him proud to be a Bostonian . "  In my heart of hearts , I thought : Boston Strong I love this city , and love that someone would do that . " After the mystery man was identified as Chris Laudani , a Boston bartender , people began calling him an American hero . "  It 's very special to me and to the city , and I did n't think it deserved to be covered under all that snow , " Laudani told CNN affiliate WCVB . This good deed shows how brightly the #BostonStrong spirit still shines , Hillman said , almost two years after the Boston Marathon attack . The second photo shows a man with his back to the camera , working to clear a section of the mostly covered finish line . The photographer , Kelsey Karkos , posted on Instagram that she was searching for the finish line when a man shoveling the sidewalk offered to clear the section of street . "  I do not know the man shoveling , " she wrote . "  He saw me looking for the finish line while he was shoveling the sidewalk . He knew exactly what I was looking for and came over to help me ! Such a great person with some boston spirit during the blizzard ! I wish I knew his name ! " A third photo shows a person posing at a cleared off finish line with the caption , "  Shoveled off the finish line . " Instagram user @johnbackbay later tweeted to a reporter that he did not have any part in clearing the finish line . A Twitter campaign #WhoShoveledTheFinishLine quickly caught on . A Boston Police Department tweet and Facebook post asking for information about the mystery shoveler quickly went viral . Boston Officer Rachel McGuire told CNN that she was calling Laugani a "  chivalrous shoveler , " and randomly came across the photo of him shoveling while browsing Twitter . CNN 's Justin Lear , Stephanie Gallman and Patrick Cornell contributed to this report	Shoveler says landmark is too important to be covered up Mystery men clear snow from historic Boston landmark City swells with pride in seemingly small gesture
CNN  It 's been called "  the sacred place where life begins . " Yet , until a surprising announcement from the Obama administration on Sunday , that 's rarely what the public has heard about Alaska 's highly politicized Arctic National Wildlife Refuge . We heard that it was full of oil . Or it was n't . That it would create a bunch of jobs . Or it would n't . That it would solve the energy crisis . Or , you know , maybe not . A former U.S. rep actually said "  there 's no wildlife " there . But after decades of fighting over data and political talking points , the refuge -- also called ANWR -- started to emerge for me this week as an actual , living-breathing place . The shift came in how the White House announced that it would now treat the refuge as wilderness , which has infuriated Alaska Republicans since it could prevent oil and gas drilling on a contentious piece of land , at least for now . The administration asked Congress to give a disputed part of the refuge a wilderness designation . And the Interior Department released a new conservation plan that aims to protect the area . Instead of arguing the demerits of drilling , the White House basically turned the old Sarah Palin argument on its head . "  The Coastal Plain of the Arctic Refuge , one of the few remaining places in the country as pristine today as it was when the oldest Alaska Native communities first set eyes on it , is too precious to put at risk , " John Podesta , a counselor to Obama , and Mike Boots , head of the Council on Environmental Quality , wrote at WhiteHouse.gov . "  By designating the area as wilderness , Congress could preserve the Coastal Plain in perpetuity -- ensuring that this wild , free , beautiful , and bountiful place remains in trust for Alaska Natives and for all Americans . " Instead of "  Drill baby , drill , " it 's "  protect , baby , protect . " Or maybe Jamie Williams , president of the Wilderness Society , put it better : "  Some places are simply too special to drill , " he said in a statement . That 's a sorta new -- or at least very retro -- way of talking about the refuge , said Cindy Shogan , executive director of the Alaska Wilderness League . The go-to arguments for environmentalists , she said , have concerned a lack of economic impact from drilling . "  The most compelling arguments are the ones we forget about using -- and that is the beauty and the special nature and the wildness of the place , " she told me . "  It 's not everybody 's cup of tea , but the fact of the matter is it is unique . It truly is the last great wilderness . A lot of people like the idea that there 's a place like that that 's still left , and they want it to be left for future generations . "  It sounds corny , but it really is the last place we have left to do this . " It 's a throwback to John Muir , the Sierra Club founder , who wrote , according to that group 's website , that "  our bodies were made to thrive only in pure air , and the scenes in which pure air is found . " To underscore the rhetorical shift , the White House released a nature video about the refuge in which President Barack Obama says he hopes this "  amazing wonder can be preserved for future generations . " The administration is proposing that 12.3 million acres of the refuge be protected as wilderness . Now , about 7 million of the far-north Alaska refuge 's 19.8 million acres are managed in that way . "  If Congress chooses to act , it would be the largest ever wilderness designation since Congress passed the visionary Wilderness Act over 50 years ago , " the U.S. Department of Interior said in a news release . If the administration wanted to take this a step further , it could argue that the Arctic Refuge is not just threatened by oil and gas development in its backyard , but also by oil and gas development worldwide . The Arctic is warming twice as fast as the rest of the Earth , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . Already , substantial changes are being seen . "  The Arctic and Antarctic  are kind of the canary in a coal mine of global warming , " says Walt Meier , a research scientist with NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center , in this video about climate change and the melting of the Arctic sea ice . Another scientist in the video says the Arctic is warming twice as fast as the rest of the planet . But back to the central argument here : I tend to get overwhelmed by sweeping generalizations about the grandness and wonderment of nature . I mean , how wonderful is it ? Or in what way ? Why should we all be happy it 's there ? So I asked Shogan , from the Alaska Wilderness League , to give me a little more detail about what 's actually going on in this epic wilderness . What lives there , and why is it unique ? She told me about the porcupine caribou , of course , which migrate along the Porcupine River and are somewhat analogous to the migratory animals of the Serengeti . That 's a parallel that had n't occurred to me before and really puts it in context . "  Like antlered gypsies , barren ground caribou are always on the move , " the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service says on its website . "  Exactly when and where they go is impossible to predict . Most herds , however , are drawn to a specific calving area . The 169,000 member Porcupine caribou herd has such a connection with the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge . " Shogan told me about the birds , such as the lesser yellow legs and the plovers , which migrate into the "  Lower 48 . " She told me how this is "  the only place that all three kinds of bears hang out " -- polar , black and grizzly . But the factoid that made me most love this refuge was also the strangest and most apocalyptic : There are so many mosquitoes in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge in the summer that they literally can swarm and kill large mammals , such as caribou . They get in their noses and jab their backs . It 's so brutal , so panic-inducing , that the caribou retreat to the ocean . "  It 's really awful , but that 's the wilderness right ? That 's wildlife , " she said . Well , at least it 's wild . So much of the United States has been carved up by people -- from the farmers ' plows on the Great Plains to the mountain-blasting miners in Appalachia -- that it 's comforting to know this place is left . Bears , caribou -- and , yeah , mosquitoes . But maybe I 'm too swept up in this . I 'm curious what you think of the President 's framing of the Arctic Refuge -- and his request that Congress protect it more permanently . Do those arguments convince you , especially at a time when oil and gas prices are low and when the United States is already , without ANWR , the top oil and natural gas producer in the world ? Or do you agree with Sen. Lisa Murkowski , R-Alaska , who said called the move a "  stunning attack on our sovereignty and our ability to develop a strong economy that allows us , our children and our grandchildren to thrive . " Let me know in the comments or by writing me on Twitter . I 'm @jdsutter .	The Obama administration asks Congress to protect the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge John Sutter says the way the administration made the request is important The White House is arguing , essentially , that the refuge is "  too pristine " for drilling
CNN  -- The pilot and co-pilot aboard a FedEx cargo plane were killed when the plane burst into flames Monday while landing at Tokyo 's Narita airport in Japan , airport and hospital officials said . Smoke rises from a FedEx cargo plane that crash landed on the tarmac of the Narita International Airport , Tokyo . Both crew members were American men , an official at Narita Red Cross Hospital told CNN . Video from the landing showed the plane bouncing at least twice on the runway and veering left as it turned on its side before bursting into flames . The fire destroyed the aircraft , which was identified by FedEx as a McDonnell Douglas MD-11 . Japan 's Ministry of Transport said it was the first fatal crash at Narita , which opened in 1978 . Strong winds may have played a role in the crash , said Masaru Fujisaki , an airport official . FedEx Express Flight 80 took off from Guangzhou , China , and crashed at Narita about 7 a.m. Monday  6 p.m. Sunday ET  , said FedEx spokesman Matt Ceniceros . Watch more about the cargo plane accident " According to observations at the airport , wind gusts were reported to be between 30 to 50 mph around the time if the crash . Japan 's Kyodo news agency reported that Narita firefighters had worked through the flaming wreckage to try to rescue two people believed to be the crew . The news agency said the cargo plane was landing on Runway A , the longer of the two runways at Narita , a major international airport . The National Transportation Safety Board in Washington said Sunday night it was sending a team to Japan to assist in the investigation of the crash . CNN 's Kyung Lah in Tokyo contributed to this report .	FedEx cargo plane crashes and bursts into flames at Tokyo 's Narita airport in Japan Pilot and co-pilot , both Americans , aboard plane from Guangzhou , China , are killed Strong winds may have played a role in the crash , says airport official Video shows plane bouncing on the runway and veering left as it turns on its side
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Bernie McDaid was an 11-year-old altar boy when his priest began molesting him , one of 50 boys who have said they were molested by the same man . Olan Horne , from left , Faith Johnston and Bernie McDaid met with the pope Thursday . Like with so many victims of abuse , McDaid 's young life spiraled . He turned to drugs and alcohol in his teen years , struggling to cope with what "  Father B " had done to him . On Thursday , he finally got a chance to do something he 'd hoped for decades : He met with the Holy Father and told him about the abuse he had suffered . "  I basically told him that I was an altar boy ... a young boy praying to God at the time that I was abused , " McDaid said . "  It was n't just sexual abuse , it was spiritual abuse , and I want you to know that . " "  And then I told him that he has a cancer growing in his ministry and needs to do something about it . And I hope he hears me right , and I touched his heart . And he nodded . " Watch victims describe abuse and pope 's apology " McDaid was part of a small group of victims of the sexual abuse scandal that rocked the Roman Catholic Church who met with Pope Benedict XVI on Thursday . They shared their stories with the pope in a Washington chapel in what the victims called an emotional , frank and ultimately hope-filled meeting . Faith Johnston clutched her mother 's rosary beads as she tried to speak to the pope . But her emotions took over . "  I did n't end up saying anything . I got up to him , and I burst into tears , " said Johnston , who at 14 was molested by her priest . "  I think just my tears alone spoke -- just spoke so much . " She added , "  I hope that other survivors can hear about this , see this and get the same hope that we 've gotten from it . " Olan Horne said the pope first apologized to them in what he called an "  unscripted " and "  free-flowing " meeting . "  We were all able to answer all of the questions that needed to be asked and for him to respond to . And he did -- and he did forthright , " Horne said . "  He seemed to intrinsically understand what we were talking about . And he spoke to those issues to each one of us in a spiritual way , in a pastoral way . And he also was very respectful of where and what we wanted to talk about . " Horne added , "  My hope was restored today from what I heard . And I believe we received a promise . " Horne and McDaid both accused the same priest , the Rev. Joseph Birmingham , of molesting them . Birmingham died in 1989 . The Rev. Federico Lombardi , a papal spokesman , said the pope listened to everyone 's "  personal accounts and offered them words of encouragement and hope . " The surprise meeting came during the pope 's visit , the first trip to the United States by the Holy Father since the abuse scandal rocked the church in the early 2000s . The meeting is believed to be the first between a pope and the victims of clergy sexual abuse . The Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests , the nation 's oldest and largest support group for clergy abuse victims , said it was pleased that the pope met with the victims but hopes the church will do more . "  This is a small , long overdue step forward on a very long road . We 're confident the meeting was meaningful for the participants , and we 're grateful that these victims have had the courage to come forward and speak up , " the group said . "  But fundamentally , it wo n't change things . Kids need action . Catholics deserve action . Action produces reform , and reform , real reform , is sorely needed in the church hierarchy . " Earlier Thursday , celebrating Mass in center field at Washington 's new ballpark , the pope gave a 20-minute homily that focused on hope , repentance , unity and reconciliation among the 70 million Catholics in the United States . "  It is in the context of this hope , born of God 's love and fidelity , that I acknowledge the pain which the church in America has experienced as the result of sexual abuse of minors , " Benedict said . "  No words of mine could describe the pain and harm inflicted by such abuse . It is important that those who have suffered be given loving pastoral attention . " McDaid was sitting in the audience with his mother when he heard those words . Watch pope 's apology ` blew me away ' " "  I had tears in my eyes that I was n't ready to have . It was an incredible moment for me , " he said . Now , he hopes the church will follow through . "  We 're at the beginning of a new start , and there 's real hope this time . It 's not just words . I think there 's going to be action following this moment now . " E-mail to a friend	Victim : I was "  a young boy praying to God at the time that I was abused " Group of sex abuse victims met with pope Thursday ; pope apologized "  He seemed to intrinsically understand what we were talking about , " victim says Victim support group says "  real reform is sorely needed in the church hierarchy "
CNN  -- The arrest of a Connecticut town 's finance director -- who is accused of embezzling $ 2.3 million while financially supporting his mistress in Florida -- has left the small community in financial crisis . Henry L. Centrella Jr. , 59 , was arrested in August on five counts of first-degree larceny after several months of investigation found more than $ 2 million of misappropriated funds from January 2008 through November 2012 , according to his arrest warrant . Centrella had served as the finance director for the town of Winchester since 1982 and had unrestricted access to the town 's assets and finances for more than 30 years . He was fired in January , the warrant said . A private auditing firm discovered an irregularity in the town 's finances , which led to criminal allegations , Connecticut State Attorney David Shepack told CNN . Centrella , who lived in neighboring Winsted according to the arrest warrant , allegedly gathered the large sum of money by using various schemes such as filing inflated tax information and misappropriating town funds . According to sworn statements written by members of his staff , Centrella never allowed anyone to assist him with depositing the town 's money in the bank , even if he was on vacation , insisting that money be kept in a drawer for him until his return . The financial consequences for the small Connecticut town of Winchester have been "  wide-ranging and deep , " according to Kevin Nelligan , the town 's attorney . The town has had to lay off police officers and other government workers because of the financial strain , he said . Unable to pay bills on time , repair public roads and facing the possibility of schools missing payroll , Nelligan expressed it might take years for the town to recover . The state investigation also claims that Centrella had a mistress in Florida whom he met in 2000 at a casino he frequented . In 2008 , he told the woman his divorce was finalized and the two became romantically involved . Centrella and the woman were engaged from 2009 until December of 2012 , when she discovered he was still married to his wife , Gregg Centrella . During their relationship , Centrella convinced the woman to quit her job and move south . He supported the woman financially , even buying her a wedding dress , the warrant says . She told investigators he made plans to purchase a home with her , and told her he would soon move to Florida to be with her . Centrella paid for all of these expenses in cash . He reportedly told his mistress he acquired his money from selling 88 acres of land to Disney World and by investing in Google stock , according to the warrant . Based on Centrella 's alleged activities , there is approximately $ 7 million in cash that was not used for intended purposed , leading to a cash flow problem for the town , said Town Manager Dale Martin . The town is now seeking $ 2 million in private loans from local banks , Martin told CNN . The money will be used for pending payments until the town collects the remaining tax for the year . The man responsible for the town 's financial turbulence was once respected and trusted by the tightknit community , said Martin . Centrella is being held at the New Haven Correctional Facility on $ 100,000 cash bail . With a civil suit pending against Centrella and his wife , all of their assets have been frozen , said Nelligan . Gregg Centrella reportedly told investigators that although they still reside together , she had not spoken to her husband in months . She claims the only knowledge she had of her husband 's activities were from what she read in the newspaper , the warrant says . The investigation is still ongoing , but Nelligan said he is confident that the amount of money that has been embezzled will increase as the case unfolds . Centrella 's attorney , Robert Dwyer , did not immediately respond to CNN 's request for comment . Winchester is in northwestern Connecticut and has a population of about 11,500 , according to the town 's website .	Henry L. Centrella Jr. , 59 , was arrested in August on five counts of first-degree larceny Investigation has found that more than $ 2 million has been misappropriated Winchester , Connecticut , has been left scrambling for a way to pay its bills
CNN  -- The pope 's personal preacher apologized Sunday for comparing fury over sexual abuse within the church to anti-Semitism . "  If , against my intention , I 've hurt the Jewish people 's feelings and those of the victims of child abuse , I 'm truly sorry and ask forgiveness , " the Rev. Raniero Cantalamessa said in an interview published in the Italian newspaper Corriere della Sera . He emphasized that Pope Benedict XVI "  not only did not inspire " the sermon that contained the comparison , but also "  like everyone else , heard my words for the first time during the liturgy . " There was no official statement on the apology issued by the Vatican on Sunday . Vatican official did not immediately return calls from CNN . In a sermon Friday , Cantalamessa referred to a history of "  collective violence " against Jews , then quoted from what he said was a letter from a Jewish friend who wrote that the anger at Catholic leadership over the sexual abuse scandal "  reminds us of the most shameful aspects of anti-Semitism . " The pope did not refer to the sex abuse scandal in his traditional Easter message on Sunday but said that humanity was suffering from a "  profound crisis " requiring "  deep change , beginning with consciences . " The pope offered words of support to Christian minorities in Iraq , Pakistan and the Middle East as well as to the earthquake-stricken countries of Haiti and Chile and to Latin American and the Caribbean countries afflicted by drug trafficking . He also called for an end to conflicts in Africa .	Pope 's preacher compared fury over church sex abuse to anti-Semitism Rev. Raniero Cantalamessa : "  I 'm truly sorry and ask forgiveness " Cantalamessa says Pope Benedict did n't know of remarks beforehand Pope did n't mention sex abuse scandal in traditional Easter message
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Football fans are set to benefit from the recession as clubs slash season ticket prices to keep supporters coming back . Some Premier League fans will save on season tickets after five clubs cut prices . Price cuts have been announced at five English Premier League clubs . Manchester City , Sunderland , Everton , Portsmouth and Newcastle United have cut prices , while five further clubs announced price freezes on their season tickets . Bolton dropped their season ticket prices last season . Manchester City have taken an average of seven percent off their prices , while at Everton the cheapest adult season ticket will now be # 399  $ 550  . At Sunderland under-16 season passes will be just # 1  $ 1.39  per home match for the 19 matches  # 19 -LSB- $ 26 -RSB- total  when purchased with an adult pass . The move comes amid a slight decline in Premiership football crowds this season . The average attendance at Premier League matches is down about 800 per match compared to the 2007/2008 season -- however , on average the stadiums are still at almost 92 percent capacity . Outside the United Kingdom , fans also stand to benefit from lower ticket prices . In the U.S. Major League Soccer side Kansas City Wizards recently announced they would drop ticket prices for the coming season . Wizards president Robb Heinemann was quoted in the Kansas City Star saying ; "  We understand these are tough economic times . " Other countries in Europe have maintained lower prices in recent years , with single tickets available for about 10 Euros in club games in Italy and Germany . Tickets in Australia 's A-League tended to be cheaper yet , while South America and Africa/Middle East remained the cheapest . In England 's League One and League Two competitions crowds had dropped more significantly . Dan Johnson of the Premier League told CNN the clubs cutting ticket prices were simply responding to the financial climate . "  Given the economic situation , there will be pressure on fans ' ability to spend and the clubs have acted accordingly . "  It 's a very real way that they can help at this time , " Johnson said . Johnson said the drop in crowds this season was not significant and may be made up towards the end of the season when attendances are traditionally higher . Sport business expert Professor Simon Chadwick , founder of the Center for the International Business of Sport  CIBS  at Coventry University , told CNN recessions could have a strong impact on football crowds . "  In previous recessions there is evidence to suggest that as unemployment rises , the attendance at football matches decreases , " he said . However , Chadwick said English football fans should n't hope for significant price reductions . "  Some Premier League clubs are running at nearly 100 % capacity and there 's excess demand ... so in the short-to-medium term they should be able to continue at premium prices , " Chadwick said .	Football fans to benefit as club teams lower season ticket prices Five English Premier League teams have dropped prices for season passes Dan Johnson of the Premier League says the move is due to recession A U.S. Major League Soccer team has also announced a price drop
CNN  -- In just a few days , Jorge Bergoglio has shown that as Pope Francis he will be the kind of approachable , down-to-earth man that people yearn for in a spiritual leader . Like the Dalai Lama and Bishop Desmond Tutu , he smiles easily and appears to walk comfortably through the world . He showed his humanity on his first full day in office as he suddenly left the Vatican to visit Rome 's main church , the Santa Maria Maggiore basilica , and then stopped by the hotel where he had stayed before the recent conclave to pay his bill . Like any major political leaders who communicate with symbols and gestures , Catholic hierarchs use style and stagecraft to reach their followers . The conclave and then the presentation of the new pope have been refined , as theater , over more than a thousand years . The secrecy surrounding the selection of the pontiff and the pomp accompanying the announcement from the balcony produce the kind of drama that rivets the world even in an age of technological distraction . Who is n't awed by the sights and sounds of a hundred-thousand people gathered in St. Peter 's Square , awaiting and then greeting the man chosen to lead 1.2 billion people ? Opinion : A humble , authentic and credible pope Just as we are meant to be affected by religious stagecraft , we are also practically hardwired to seek the meaning in a leader 's every move . When Francis visited Santa Maria Maggiore he met briefly with Cardinal Bernard Law , who recently stepped down as archpriest of the basilica . A decade ago , when he was archbishop of Boston , Law was a notorious figure in the scandal that arose around the sexual abuse of children by priests . As scores of victims accused him of failing to protect children from predatory priests , he became the only bishop to resign because of the abuse crisis ; he then fled to Rome . But while many Boston Catholics consider Law a disgraced figure , his fellow bishops have continued to respect him and , in reaching out to him , Pope Francis appeared to echo this solidarity . Opinion : Pope Francis is no herald of big changes This can be seen as a reminder to the world that the Catholic Church remains under the control of men who were appointed to high office by the archconservatives John Paul II and Benedict XVI and share a commitment to the orthodoxies that have alienated so many modern Catholics . On the status of women , priestly celibacy , contraception and sexuality , Francis is as firmly rooted in the past as his predecessors . For example , during the debate that eventually resulted in gays in Argentina being allowed to marry , then-Archbishop Bergoglio mounted a fierce campaign against this equality . He argued that Satan himself was the author of a reform he called "  a machinization of the ` Father of Lies ' , " and that children and families would be harmed by the change . While he was archbishop of Buenos Aires , Bergoglio spoke often of the poor and called attention to the many ways that modern societies push people without status to the margins . In this way , he reflected Christ 's affiliation with the outcasts of his time . However , even as he spoke for the powerless , Bergoglio also consistently aligned himself with powerful conservative politicians seeking to oust the government headed first by Nestor Kirchner and later by his wife , the current President Cristina FernÃ ¡ ndez de Kirchner , and which enjoyed wide support from the middle and lower classes . Time and again he invoked God in his political campaigns and suggested the other side was somehow less holy . As he engaged in politics , Bergoglio emphasized the special status claimed by the church as an agent of his God , which , he implied , makes it superior to all other institutions . When he became Pope Francis , Bergoglio expressed the same sentiment in his very first formal remarks , delivered at the Sistine Chapel . There he warned that without emphasizing its religious base the church runs the risk of becoming "  a pitiful NGO "  nongovernmental organization  . Navarrette : Pope pick a signal to Latino Catholics For those who respect NGOs such as Amnesty International and the Red Cross , Francis ' choice of words -- "  pitiful NGO " -- was a stinging reminder that this man with the humble style can not resist claiming superiority based on supernatural beliefs . This is the great contradiction of the new pope . On the one hand he criticizes hypocrisy in the church and shows his discomfort with the trappings of power . On the other , he shows disdain for social institutions and leaders that compete with the church for influence and authority . The dichotomy represented by the values espoused by Christianity and an imperial church is what makes so many people uncomfortable with official Catholicism . Francis embodies this conflict . Stylistically , the world is getting a far more approachable , Christ-like man who understands the compassion and empathy people crave from spiritual leaders . However , Francis ' record appears to indicate there will be no real changes where it matters -- on the status of women , power-sharing , sexual ethics -- and thus huge numbers of Catholics will remain alienated . The biggest risk the Church faces today is irrelevance , and while the new pope 's style means he 'll get a hearing , what he has to say about issues that matter the most is unlikely to make the institution any more relevant than it was before him . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael D'Antonio	Michael D'Antonio : In Pope Francis ' first days it 's hard not to plumb meaning of his gestures He says among them was a visit with disgraced Cardinal Law , implicated in sex abuse scandal He says in this and other moves , he 's shown commitment to orthodoxy of church hierarchy D'Antonio : Pope embodies tension between Christian values , imperial church
CNN  Video may have killed the radio star , but in Norway it 's digital that 's killing FM radio . In two years ' time , the Scandinavian nation is slated to become the first in the world to phase out radio entirely . That does n't mean that Norwegians will be left with radio silence ; they 'll merely have to tune in digitally . According to officials in Oslo , many in this nation of 5 million have already made the move . On FM , Norwegians can only find five stations . On the Digital Audio Broadcasting network , there are four times that number . Half the country already listens that way , said Culture Minister Thorhild Widvey . "  Listeners will have access to more diverse and pluralistic radio-content , and enjoy better sound quality and new functionality , " Widvey said in a news release . Officials say the move will spur innovation because the cost of digital transmission will save some $ 25 million . But the country 's radio waves wo n't cut out all once , a blog post on Radio.no explained . Radio will be phased out region by region , starting in January 2017 and concluding in December .	On FM , Norwegians can only find five stations Digitally , there are four times that number
CNN  -- Charlotte Bobcats owner and NBA legend Michael Jordan has been hit with a fine by the league for comments he made about the collective bargaining agreement which is currently under discussion . The NBA has been in lockout since July when the last collective bargaining agreement , a contract between the teams and the players association which outlines the rules regarding NBA star 's pay , expired . The current dispute is centered around the average salary which should be earned by players over the term of their contract . Jordan , a six-time NBA champion and 14-time All Star as a player , broke league rules which prohibit the discussion of players or labor negotiations during the lockout in an interview with Australian newspaper The Herald Sun last month . The Hall of Famer described the current situation as "  broken " and called for revenue to be shared more evenly between the NBA 's 30 franchises . In addition , the 48-year-old also commented on Milwaukee Bucks center Andrew Bogut . "  The model we 've been operating under is broken , " Jordan told The Herald Sun in August . "  We have 22 or 23 teams losing money , I think we have got to come to some kind of understanding in this partnership that we have to realign . "  I know the owners are not going to move off what we feel is very necessary for us to get a deal in place where we can co-exist as partners . We need a lot of financial support throughout the league as well as revenue sharing to keep this business afloat . "  We have stars like Bogut who are entitled to certain type of demands . But for us to be profitable in small markets , we have to be able to win ballgames and build a better basketball team . " Bogut , 26 , turned pro in 2005 and has been with the Bucks for the whole six years of his NBA career to date . Talks between the league and the players ' union will recommence on Tuesday , with a string of meetings in Manhattan , Dallas and Las Vegas . As a result of the lockout , NBA players have turned their attention to Europe in an attempt to play competitive basketball . New Jersey Nets guard Deron Williams has signed a one-year deal with Turkish outfit Besiktas which will allow him to return to the U.S. once action resumes . Another player to have headed abroad is 25-year-old Sonny Weems , who has joined Lithuanian team Zalgiris Kaunas having played for the Toronto Raptors last season .	Michael Jordan has been hit with a fine by the NBA The Charlotte Bobcats owner broke league rules regarding the current labor dispute The NBA has been in lockout since the start of July
CNN  -- The husband of a pregnant Texas woman -- who he says has been brain dead for seven weeks -- asked a court Tuesday to force a hospital to take her off a respirator , ventilator and other machines , saying her wishes should n't be disregarded just because she is pregnant . Erick Munoz filed an emergency motion as well as a complaint against John Peter Smith Hospital , both with the same goal : to have the hospital disconnect the machines so that her family can take her body and give her a proper burial . "  Marlise Munoz is legally dead , and to further conduct surgical procedures on a deceased body is nothing short of outrageous , " her husband contends in the motion . Notably , officials at the Fort Worth , Texas , hospital where 33-year-old Marlise Munoz is have not publicly declared her dead  though they have not disputed her husband 's assertions either  . Erick Munoz -- like his wife , a paramedic by training -- said the doctors told him Marlise "  had lost all activity in her brain stem , " and an accompanying chart stated she was "  brain dead , " according to his lawsuit . The hospital referred requests for comment to the Tarrant County district attorney 's office , which said it will defend the medical facility against the lawsuit . It is legal counsel for John Peter Smith Hospital "  in a number of civil areas . " Noting it first learned of the legal action just before noon Tuesday , the office said it "  will file a response in due course " but wo n't have any further comment now "  because litigation is pending . " Hospital spokesman J.R. Labbe said last month that doctors were simply trying to obey a Texas law that states that "  you can not withhold or withdraw life-sustaining treatment for a pregnant patient . " And last week , Labbe told CNN that the hospital believed "  the courts are the appropriate venue to provide clarity , direction and resolution in this matter . " Munoz 's husband responds by saying that "  Marlise can not possibly be a pregnant patient -- Marlise is dead . " Furthermore , he argued that her wishes -- relayed , he said , in conversations but not in writing that she not be on "  life-sustaining " measures when she is brain dead -- should n't be treated differently than a man or other woman simply because of her pregnancy . Mom of pregnant woman on life support : Change the law "  Marlise has a fundamental right to make medical decisions regarding her own body , " her husband contended in the motion . " ... To take those rights away from Marlise , and force her to be subject to various medical procedures simply because she is pregnant , is a gross violation of her constitutional right . " As the lawsuit details , the story began at 2 a.m. on November 26 , when Erick found his wife unconscious on the kitchen floor . At the time , she was 14 weeks ' pregnant with the couple 's second child . Soon after that , she was taken to John Peter Smith Hospital , where Erick Munoz claims he was told his wife "  was for all purposes brain dead . " The family also says the fetus may have been deprived of oxygen . In the lawsuit , he claims subsequent measures taken at the hospital -- and , in turn , the state law used to justify them -- amount "  to nothing more than the cruel and obscene mutilation of a deceased body against the expressed will of the deceased and her family . " "  Marlise Munoz 's death is a horrible and tragic circumstance , but by no means should  the hospital  be entitled to continue cutting into her deceased body in front of her husband and family under the guise of ` life-sustaining ' treatment , " according to the lawsuit . Tom Mayo , a Southern Methodist University law professor who helped write the applicable Texas law , said he believes the hospital is misinterpreting it . "  She 's not a patient anymore , " Mayo said . "  And so I do n't see how we can use a provision of the law that talks about treating or not treating a patient in a case where we really do n't have a patient . " But Sunny Hostin , a CNN legal analyst , said that she thinks the state statute as written is "  ambiguous " and "  vague . " "  When you have these murky areas , you have to go to court , because courts provide clarity , courts provide direction , " Hostin said . "  And that 's why I think the lawsuit is the right thing ... to jump to the conclusion . " When ` life support ' is really ` death support ' CNN 's Elizabeth Landau and Ed Lavandera contributed to this report .	NEW : Analyst : Courts can "  provide clarity " on a "  vague " state statute Marlise Munoz was 14 weeks ' pregnant when stricken ; hospital has said it must follow state law Family argues Texas law on life-sustaining treatment for pregnant women does n't apply Family : Munoz is brain-dead with no life to sustain ; calls treatment "  cruel and obscene mutilation "
CNN  -- European and Spanish champions Barcelona dominate the shortlist for the 2011 FIFA Ballon d'Or , the award given to the world 's best footballer . Football 's global governing body announced a 23-man shortlist for the award on Tuesday , with eight members of Josep Guardiola 's Barca squad in the running for the prestigious prize . The award is a combination of the FIFA World Player of the Year accolade and France Football Magazine 's Ballon d'Or , with the new incarnation of the honor awarded for the first time in 2010 . Barcelona 's Argentina star Lionel Messi was the inaugural winner , and he has again been nominated along with clubmates Eric Abidal , Dani Alves , Andres Iniesta , Gerard Pique , Xavi , David Villa and Cesc Fabregas , who signed from English club Arsenal in August . Is Messi the only candidate for the Ballon d'Or ? Barca 's Spanish rivals Real Madrid earned five nominations , including 2008 FIFA World Player of the Year Cristiano Ronaldo of Portugal . Brazil striker Neymar , 19 , is the only nominee not based in Europe , having decided to stay with Santos despite being linked with several top overseas clubs . Former Barcelona striker Samuel Eto'o , who this season left Italy 's Inter Milan for Anzhi Makhachkala in Russia , is the only African player on the shortlist . The winner of the 2011 prize , along with the awards for the world 's best female player and the finest male and female coaches , will be handed out at the second annual FIFA Ballon d'Or gala on January 9 . 2011 FIFA Ballon d'Or shortlist : Eric Abidal  France  , Sergio Aguero  Argentina  , Xabi Alonso  Spain  , Dani Alves  Brazil  , Karim Benzema  France  , Iker Casillas  Spain  , Samuel Eto'o  Cameroon  , Cesc Fabregas  Spain  , Diego Forlan  Uruguay  , Andres Iniesta  Spain  , Lionel Messi  Argentina  , Thomas Muller  Germany  , Nani  Portugal  , Neymar  Brazil  , Mesut Ozil  Germany  , Gerard Pique  Spain  , Cristiano Ronaldo  Portugal  , Wayne Rooney  England  , Bastian Schweinsteiger  Germany  , Wesley Sneijder  Netherlands  , Luis Suarez  Uruguay  David Villa  Spain  , Xavi  Spain  .	Football 's ruling body unveils the shortlist for the 2011 FIFA Ballon d'Or award Barcelona 's Lionel Messi won the trophy in 2010 and is nominated again this year The award will be handed out at a FIFA Ballon d'Or gala on January 9
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Eight service members were killed in three separate attacks in Afghanistan on Saturday , NATO officials said . In one attack , a roadside bomb killed five U.S. service members in southern Afghanistan , U.S. and NATO officials said . The blast killed took place in the Maiwand district of Kandahar province , said the governor 's spokesman , Javid Faisal . The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack . Taliban spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid told CNN that 10 soldiers were killed in the blast , though the group is known for exaggerating the number of casualties . In a second attack Saturday , two members of NATO 's International Security Assistance Force were killed when an Afghan soldier turned his weapon on them , according to an ISAF statement . The incident in western Afghanistan is under investigation , ISAF said . The nationalities of those killed were not immediately released . And in a third incident , one ISAF service member died after an insurgent attack in northern Afghanistan , ISAF said . No other details about the attack were released . CNN 's Chris Lawrence and Sara Mazloumsaki contributed to this report	5 U.S. service members are killed by a roadside bomb in southern Afghanistan The Taliban claims responsibility for the roadside bombing ISAF : 2 members were killed when an Afghan soldier turned his weapon on him Another ISAF member is killed in an insurgent attack in northern Afghanistan
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Nestled within Hong Kong 's dense skyscraper jungle , a $ 640,000 property sits among some of the world 's most expensive commercial and residential spaces . The price might sound like a steal . This Asian financial capital has the world 's priciest property , according to Savills . Since the start of 2010 , average Hong Kong home prices have doubled . But the price tag mentioned here is neither for a home nor an office . It is for a parking space : A slab of undecorated concrete , stained by black motor oil , about 8-feet-by-16-feet in size . Price per square foot : nearly $ 5,000 . Jacinto Tong has owned and used this space for the past ten years . Described in local media as "  the tycoon of parking spaces , " he is effusive when talking about this particular "  priceless " gem . "  I think this is the best car park space I ever had , " said the CEO of Gale Well Group , a property firm that owns hundreds of residential and commercial spaces across the city . "  You can go straight to the office and the elevator . Only 20 steps -- 20 steps ! " The CEO does not own just one $ 640,000 parking space . Tong owns two . If he were to sell he could bank $ 1.3 million . "  People do n't mind paying more , " boasted Tong . "  But I 'm not eager to sell . " And yet that is the reality for Hong Kong . According to the latest Parking Rate Survey by Colliers International , the global property services firm , this city has the most exorbitant monthly parking fees in the Asia-Pacific . Hong Kong 's monthly median parking rate was $ 744.72 in 2011 . With less than a dollar 's difference , Tokyo came in as Asia 's number two . The reason for Hong Kong 's pricey parking rates is rooted in governmental curbs on the city 's residential market , said Buggle Lau , chief analyst at Midland Realty , one of the city 's largest real estate companies . Many analysts believe Hong Kong 's property market is a bubble waiting to burst . To deflate it slowly , the government has introduced a series of increasingly stringent policies since November 2010 . These have made it more expensive for investors to buy or flip homes for a quick profit . The regulations have produced desired results , said Lau , leading to a 31 % fall in home sale transactions over the past 23 months . But , as a side effect , the squeeze on residential investors has pushed them into commercial property , like parking spaces , which have no such price curbs yet . While homes sale transaction volumes have fallen since November 2010 , trade in parking spaces has risen more than 25 % , Lau added . The volume of industrial , commercial and retail have surged 16 % as well . Fast price rises and higher yields on leased parking spaces have attracted more investors to this niche market . "  If you look at this year 's  total sales  number , it 's the highest in the past ten years or so , " Lau said . "  Through November of this year , Hong Kong had car park transactions totaling $ 751 million . In 2010 , it was $ 525 million . " This rise marks an increase of 43 % so far this year . Tong , the parking space tycoon , breaks down rental yields by property category . "  The lowest yield of all property is  retail  shops , maybe less than 2 % . The second thing is commercial , which is about 2 % to 2.5 % , and then residential which is about 3 % . Parking spaces should be about 5 % . " Hence , some of Hong Kong 's hottest investment vehicles are where people keep their motorized ones . But Lau , the property analyst , cautions against casual investment in parking spaces . If Hong Kong 's economy stalls the first thing people will get rid of will be their cars . No car means no need for a parking space . But a home will always have a use . "  If you buy a parking space , " said Lau , "  you ca n't live in it . " Vivian Kam contributed to this report	In Hong Kong 's Central district , an executive recently offered $ 640,000 for a parking space A record-high real estate market and lack of supply is spurring parking prices On average , Hong Kong is the third most expensive place to park in the world Average cost for parking is higher for car owners in London and in Zurich
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Despite crushing defeats in the last two elections , Senate Republicans have new "  energy and enthusiasm " for winning back the majority , according to their leader , Sen. Mitch McConnell of Kentucky . A top GOP leader says George W. Bush , politically , was a "  millstone " around the GOP 's neck . "  President Bush had become extremely unpopular , and politically he was sort of a millstone around our necks in both '06 and ' 08 , " McConnell told reporters Friday . "  We now have the opportunity to be on offense , offer our own ideas and we will win some . " Many of those ideas get presented as amendments to Democratic bills , and even though they 're usually defeated , they can draw attention to GOP policy alternatives and force Democrats to take difficult votes . "  They become the way you chart the course for a comeback , which , in this country , always happens at some point , " McConnell said . "  The pendulum swings . " McConnell said many of the ideas for amendments come from conservative think tanks and other Republican thinkers off Capitol Hill . "  Newt Gingrich , for example , has an idea a minute . Many of those are quite good . Many of those become amendments , " he said . McConnell also said he does n't mind the "  party of no " label Congressional Democrats and the White House give Republicans . "  I do n't feel anyone should be apologetic for opposing a bad idea , " McConnell said . "  I 'm not fearful of an effort to demonize dissent . " After being labeled by Democrats the "  party of no " for criticizing the budget without offering solutions , House Republicans said Thursday that they have come up with a plan B -- though were later criticized for a lack of details . "  Two nights ago , the president said , ` We have n't seen a budget yet out of Republicans . ' Well , it 's just not true , because here it is , Mr. President , " House Minority leader Rep. John Boehner said Wednesday as he held up a booklet that he said was a "  blueprint for where we 're going . " Watch GOP leaders unveil their ` leaner ' budget " The details of the GOP budget will be presented on the House floor next week , said Rep. Paul Ryan , R-Wisconsin . "  We 're going to show a leaner budget , a budget with lower taxes , lower spending and lower borrowing , " Ryan said . The blueprint includes familiar Republican proposals to limit "  wasteful " government spending , cut the size of government and provide incentives to private entities to expand access to health care . It also includes a major overhaul of the tax code , proposing a marginal tax rate of 10 percent for income up to $ 100,000 and 25 percent for any income above that level . White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs laughed off the Republicans ' proposal Thursday , joking that their blueprint has more pictures of windmills than charts . "  It 's interesting to have a budget that does n't contain any numbers . I think the ` party of no ' has become the ` party of no new ideas , ' " he said at the daily briefing . CNN contributor Paul Begala says that Republicans are simply out of ideas -- and have no one to blame but themselves . "  The Republicans are like an arsonist who complains that the fire department is wasting water . Obama is trying to handle an immediate crisis while also laying the foundation for long-term growth . The Republicans are doing neither , " Begala said . "  They have no plan to stop the loss of jobs or to get capital markets functioning properly -- and they certainly have no plans for health care , education or energy , which are the keys to both long-term economic growth and long-term deficit reduction . " Begala added : "  If this were ` Sesame Street , ' the announcer would be saying , ` This program brought to you by the letters G , O and P ... None of the crises the president is addressing were of his creation . All of them were created or worsened by the Republicans who ran the House of Representatives , Senate and White House for years . " CNN 's Ed Hornick and Kristi Keck contributed to this report .	Top Senate Republican says the party is plotting a "  comeback " Sen. Mitch McConnell says Bush was ' a millstone around our necks ' McConnell : No need to apologize "  for opposing a bad idea "
CNN  -- CNN colleagues have been paying tribute to the network 's former Jerusalem correspondent Jerrold Kessel , who died Thursday at age 65 after a long battle with cancer . Kessel was a tireless reporter in a troubled part of the world . "  Jerrold worked for CNN for 13 years from 1990 to 2003 during some of the most spectacular highs and lows of the Middle East and was one of the network 's regular reporting faces from the region , " said Jerusalem Bureau Chief Kevin Flower . "  He was a passionate journalist and a guiding force for many he worked with . " Kessel was born in South Africa and moved to Israel as a young man . He was a widely published print reporter who worked for the Jerusalem Post and Israel Radio before joining CNN as a field producer , then correspondent and deputy bureau chief . He led CNN 's viewers through events ranging from the Oslo accords between Israel and the Palestinians , to the assassination of Yitzhak Rabin , Israeli elections and the intifada . A portly man with a fuzzy white beard , Kessel 's gentle appearance and warm friendly manner gave no hint of his inner intensity . He was known to colleagues for his seven-day-a-week commitment to the story , his voluble personality and his insider 's knowledge of Middle East events . "  Jerrold was an expert on the Israeli-Palestinian story , and managed to explain the complicated politics of the Mideast on our air for so many years , " said Parisa Khosravi , CNN 's Senior Vice President of international newsgathering . CNN Anchor Jim Clancy , a former Beirut correspondent well-traveled through the region in his own right , said he also benefited from Kessel 's experience . "  Jerrold always went out of his way to help others understand the context of the story and shared his knowledge and his sources unselfishly . " Kessel 's encyclopedic knowledge of the region made him a favorite of CNN producers when news broke . As the network scrambled to figure out the story , Kessel could vamp on air as long as needed . "  If the producer said in his ear , ` keep going ' there would be a hint of a smile , and he would keep right on going , " said CNN Senior Editorial Director Richard Griffiths . Even faithful viewers would probably be surprised to learn that Kessel was devoted to cricket , his vegetarian diet and more profoundly , to his family . He is survived by his wife , son and four grandchildren .	CNN 's former Jerusalem correspondent Jerrold Kessel dies from cancer He covered the Oslo peace accords , Yitzhak Rabin 's assassination and the Palestinian intifada CNN anchor Jim Clancy : He went out of his way to help others understand the context He is survived by his wife , son and four grandchildren
CNN  -- The rebellion by paramilitary Bangladesh Rifles troops apparently ended Thursday after they handed over their weapons inside their headquarters in the capital city 's Pilkhana district , the national press agency quoted Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina as saying in a nationwide televised address . However , the fate of top military officers who were taken hostage Wednesday was unclear , according to the news agency , Bangladesh Sangbad Sangstha , or BSS , on its Web site . Home Minister Sahara Khatun "  oversaw a rescue campaign along with a government delegation in search of bodies of officers , BDR soldiers , their family members and relatives , " the agency said . The Bangladesh Rifles is also known as the BDR . Bangladeshi soldiers take position armed with automatic weapons in Dhaka on Wednesday . Earlier Thursday , the country 's home minister , Sahara Khatun , said mutinous paramilitary troops were close to laying down their arms and many had returned to their barracks . "  They have raised white flags and the situation is in its last stages , " added a government official who did not want to be identified because he is not authorized to speak to the media . "  The army presence is a means to secure the area and there is nothing to be worried about . " Still , for a jittery city , the heavy military presence near the gates of the Bangladesh Rifles  BDR  headquarters in the Pilkhana area raised fears of a potentially deadly confrontation . "  This can not be good , " said Palash Chowdhury , who was watching the drama unfold from his uncle 's house a few blocks away . "  This can not be good . " Meanwhile , police in about six other towns reported shooting incidents involving Rifles troops , another government official confirmed to CNN . The incidents do not appear to have resulted in casualties , but had raised fears that the mutiny would spread outside the capital . Bangladesh Police spokesman Kamrul Ahsan disputed the reports to CNN . But concerned residents were not so readily appeased . "  Yesterday , people thought this was an internal BDR grievance and it would be worked out , " said Rashid Zaman , a Dhaka resident . "  Now , we see the scope is much broader , that it 's getting serious . There 's an uncertainty . No one knows which way things will turn . " Watch a witness describe seeing and hearing the gunbattle " Shops and offices in the capital sent workers home . Adding to the city 's paranoia : Dhaka residents suddenly found themselves unable to make or receive calls from elsewhere in the country . "  Many people are finding this troubling , " said Zahid Hussain , a former journalist who is now part of a U.S.-funded effort to create an investigative journalism center in the country . "  Whenever the army has gone into action in the past , they cut off the mobile connection so nobody can pass information . " The standoff at the Bangladesh Rifles headquarters began Wednesday morning after a gun battle . At least 50 officers and civilians were feared dead in the gunfire , the country 's law minister said . Watch how paramilitary revolt has spread " As dawn broke Thursday , the rebelling troops with the Bangladesh Rifles allowed government officials entry into the headquarters . They went door-to-door at officers ' quarters to assure frightened women and children it was safe to come out . CNN was not immediately able to confirm the exact casualty count , with medical officials saying a final number would come after they had a chance to comb through the premises looking for bodies . At least six bodies were recovered from rivers and drainage ditches Thursday , bringing the total to eight . Many of them had on military uniforms , government officials said . Authorities say the men had been killed and their bodies dumped in sewers . They were recovered after they floated for miles down rivers . The Bangladesh Rifles is responsible primarily for guarding the country 's borders . The force , numbering more than 65,000 , also takes part in operations such as monitoring polls . The troops staged their rebellion on the second day of BDR Week , when officers and troop members from various BDR outposts along the border were in the capital for celebrations . At least 5,000 BDR personnel were inside the compound when the mutiny occurred about 7:45 a.m. local time Wednesday , said Mohammed Sajjad Haider , spokesman for the information ministry . The rebelling troops were low-ranking members of the BDR , akin to infantrymen , who were angry at the way they were treated by their superiors , Haider said . "  They have several demands , " Haider said . "  They want pay parity with the army , they want job security , they want better food rations . " The mutiny is the most serious crisis for Bangladesh 's newly elected government , which came into power in December after two years of army-backed rule . CNN 's Saeed Ahmed contributed to this report	NEW : Mutineers hand over arms at headquarters , prime minister is quoted as saying Nearly 50 people killed in Bangladesh Rifles headquarters , minister says CNN not immediately able to confirm the exact casualty count Anxiety grew as residents of Dhaka , the capital , lost phone service
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Iraq 's main political parties Sunday reached a deal designed to allow non-U.S. foreign troops to stay in the country past the end of the year , when a United Nations resolution authorizing their presence expires . Iraqi and British soldiers during an Iraqi army training session in Basra last week . The deal would set a deadline of July 31 , 2009 , for all non-U.S. foreign troops to withdraw , according to Abdul Hadi al-Hassani , a lawmaker with the main Shiite parliamentary bloc , who spoke to Iraqi state television on Sunday . The agreement awaits approval by Iraq 's Parliament , which is expected to vote on the measure on Monday , several Iraqi lawmakers said . The emergency negotiations came after lawmakers Saturday rejected a similar proposal that would have been law . Sunday 's proposal , by contrast , was drafted as a resolution that would empower the Cabinet to authorize international troop presence without requiring Parliament to pass a law . Washington and Baghdad have already worked out a separate agreement that will keep U.S. troops in Iraq but tighten restrictions on them . Countries other than the United States that have troops in Iraq could be left with no legal cover for their presence there if Baghdad does not act swiftly . Iraq 's Cabinet had approved a draft law authorizing non-U.S. foreign troops Tuesday , the first step in passing legislation , but it fell at the next hurdle -- Parliament . That left lawmakers scrambling Sunday for a way to give foreign troops legal cover quickly . Lawmakers expect Sunday 's agreement to cut through the problem , because a resolution can be passed in a single day , while it takes at least a week to pass a law . British government lawyers , meanwhile , are studying "  all possible options " to legally extend the presence of British troops in Iraq beyond New Year 's Day in case Iraq 's Parliament rejects the new compromise . Britain has the second-largest contingent of foreign troops in Iraq -- about 4,100 -- after the United States , which has about 142,500 . All other countries combined have only several hundred troops in the country . Britain and Iraq announced last week that British troops would begin leaving Iraq in May 2009 , while a "  handful " of British military personnel would remain after that date to continue naval training for Iraqi sailors , primarily to protect oil platforms . The United States reached a security agreement with Iraq in November . That deal , which was ratified by the Iraqi Parliament , calls for American troops to leave Iraqi cities by June 2009 , and to be out of Iraq by the end of 2011 . Beginning New Year 's Day , U.S. commanders will have to get prior Iraqi government approval for any operations . American military personnel who commit crimes while not on duty or who commit grave crimes while on duty would be subject to Iraqi legal jurisdiction under the new agreement . The U.S. security agreement does not govern the presence of troops from other coalition countries . The Parliament 's rejection of the Cabinet 's proposed law allowing foreign forces to remain in Iraq after January 1 came after heated arguments that lasted for days . The session became so contentious that Parliament 's speaker threatened to resign , lawmakers said . Some political blocs , notably the Sadrists , oppose any extension of the presence of foreign troops in Iraq . That group , headed by Shiite leader Muqtada al-Sadr -- an anti-Western cleric -- is demanding an immediate withdrawal of foreign forces . CNN 's Jill Dougherty and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	NEW : Deal would permit non-U.S. troops to stay into 2009 NEW : Agreement would set July 31 withdrawal deadline for those troops U.K. examining options in case Iraqi Parliament does n't OK deal Sadrists oppose any extension of the presence of foreign troops in Iraq
CNN  -- Pep Guardiola 's first competitive game in charge of Bayern Munich ended in defeat on Saturday as Borussia Dortmund ran out 4-2 winners in the German Super Cup . Two goals from Marco Reus helped Jurgen Klopp 's team beat the reigning German and European champions in front of a home crowd at the Signal Inuna Park . Dortmund always held sway in an absorbing contest but Bayern , minus Franck Ribery and former Dortmund midfielder Mario Goetze , were never far behind . Klopp 's men were gifted the opening goal in the sixth minute when Reus headed home from close range after Bayern keeper Tom Starke -- deputizing for an injured Manuel Neuer -- had fumbled a cross . Dortmund were unlucky not to double their lead moments later when Robert Lewandowski scored , but he was adjudged to be offside . Bayern fought back and were denied in the 12th minute by a fine double save by Roman Weidenfeller who blocked Xherdan Shaqiri 's low shot before palming away a rebound effort to safety . The half ended as it had begun with Dortmund with their noses in front but it was Bayern who struck first after the break -- Arjen Robben heading home in the 54th minute to level the scores . The goal sparked a frantic passage of play which saw four goals in ten minutes . In the 56th minute , Dortmund regained the lead when Daniel van Butyen scored an own goal and 60 seconds they were 3-1 up thanks to a wonderful curling effort from Ilkay Gundogan . Bayern halved the deficit eight minutes later when Robben received a cross from Philipp Lahm , before turning and firing a left-foot shot past Weidenfeller . But it was Dortmund who finally finished the contest in the 86th minute when Reus steered Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang cross into the net to bag a brace and ensure Dortmund made a winning start to the season . The Bundesliga gets underway on the August 9 with Bayern Munich playing Borussia Monchengladbach at the Allianz Arena . Dortmund kick off their campaign the following day away to Augsburg .	Former Barcelona coach sees his new team lose German Super Cup to Borussia Dortmund Two goals for Marco Reus help beat reigning German and European champions Bundesliga gets underway on Friday August 9 with Bayern taking on Monchengladbach
CNN  -- Did you know that the "  frequency hopping " technology that is vital to much of our military technology and helps keep your cell phone and your GPS devices secure was developed and patented by a famous movie star ? Did you know that there was an amazing 16-year-old patriot who outdid Paul Revere , riding 45 miles in the pouring rain to warn New York colonial militias that "  the British are coming " ? Did you know that there was a secret agent , code named "  355 , " who worked for George Washington 's band of spies , the Culper Ring ? The agent supplied key intelligence on British activities during the Revolutionary War , and she was so good at keeping a secret that we still do n't know her real name . If you do n't know about all these people , it 's understandable . Their stories are n't told widely or often -- perhaps because they were all women . For some reason or other , when the story of our country is told , women -- really great women -- have tended to be left out of the telling . You see the results everywhere you look : -- A survey of U.S. history textbooks found that only 10 % of the individuals identified in the texts were women . -- Less than 8 % of the 2,560 national historic landmarks chronicle the achievements of women . -- Of the 210 statues in the U.S. Capitol , only 15 are of female leaders . That 's the bad news . The good news is that thanks to a strong bipartisan effort in Congress , we may soon be one step closer to addressing this imbalance by establishing a National Women 's History Museum in Washington . Together , we have introduced a common-sense bill to move this idea forward . We have more than 73 bipartisan co-sponsors in the House , 19 in the Senate and a national coalition of women 's groups behind us . We recognize money is tight -- that 's why we 're not asking for taxpayer support . Private donations would fund the museum 's construction and operation . A vital part of recognizing equal rights for women is acknowledging and commemorating the deep and lasting contributions women have made throughout history . When young people visit our nation 's capital , they should have a chance to be just as inspired by women 's accomplishments as men 's . We establish and operate museums , not just as some kind of giant drawer in which to store our memorabilia , but as way to celebrate our accomplishments , affirm our shared values and preserve the full and accurate story of our common history . And unfortunately , only half of that story is presently being told . The stories of courageous and pioneering Americans such as abolitionist Harriet Tubman , astronaut Sally Ride , Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor and the founder of the Girl Scouts , Juliette Gordon Low , will inform and inspire future generations . The remarkable women who helped to make this country what it is today deserve to have their histories told and preserved for the ages . Their stories of success are the stories that will inspire and encourage millions of women . Our daughters and our sons deserve the chance to learn the story -- the full story -- of how this amazing country came to be . And by the way , the movie star inventor ? That was Hedy Lamarr . The 16 year-old who rode farther than Paul Revere was Sybil Ludington . And the spy , code named "  355 " ? Well , we still do n't know the name -- but we know the patriot was a "  she . " And just wait until you see all the other amazing women and American history you 'll learn about one day soon when the National Women 's History Museum opens . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rep. Marsha Blackburn , Rep. Carolyn Maloney , Sen. Susan Collins and Sen. Barbara Mikulski .	March is National Women 's Month Four members of Congress are pushing for a National Women 's History Museum They say that as the story of our country is told , women have tended to be left out of the telling
CNN  -- Sudan 's Deputy Chief Justice recently made the alarming announcement that his government might start training judges to cut off the hands and legs of convicted criminals , if doctors refuse to carry out amputations as punishment . Abdul Rahman Sharfi said non-cooperation over the use of such amputations would be punished . Adopting a defiant posture , he denied his government had ever stopped the use of one of the most severe forms of "  hudud " punishments , which are based on an interpretation of Islamic law . Sharfi revealed that 16 people had been subjected to amputations since 2001 , although the first reported case was that of Adam al-Muthna , 30 , whose right hand and left foot were amputated by three doctors on 14 February . Al-Muthna had been found guilty of highway robbery . The amputation prompted a public outcry , particularly by the Sudanese Doctors ' Union , which complained that doctors were horrified to have to break the Hippocratic Oath -- to protect patients , and not harm them -- in order to comply with government orders . Amputations are just one form of cruel punishment carried out in Sudan . Since 2005 thousands have been sentenced on counts of adultery , which carries the punishment of flogging , and , in some cases , stoning . Layla Ibrahim Issa Jumul was 23 years old and the mother of a six-month-old infant when she was sentenced to death by stoning on counts of adultery by a Sudanese judge last July . He did n't mind that she did n't have a lawyer to defend herself , or that she did n't understand what "  stoning " meant . The second woman to be sentenced to death by stoning in 2012 , she spent two months shackled , alone with her baby , in Omdurman prison , near the capital Khartoum . Both women were eventually released on appeal , following intense campaigns by Sudanese and international human rights organizations on their behalf . Others , though , are less fortunate . Almost every day in Sudan , someone is given 20 to 100 lashes on a court order for minor offenses , and following a summary trial . Many such floggings are carried out in public . These punishments are cruel , inhuman , degrading and may amount to torture . They are a clear violation of international human rights law and Sudan 's own international commitments , notably the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights . They are highly controversial within Sudan , which explains in part why the authorities have been unable to enforce them systematically . But for those affected , the suffering is real -- and revolting . As Sudan reviews its constitution , it is imperative that the authorities respect their international commitments , and address the issue of corporal punishments and the death penalty as a matter of priority . Such cruel punishments can no longer be tolerated . And laws need to be enforced and respected to put an end to them once and for all . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Netsanet Belay .	Sudan threatens to train judges to cut off hands , legs of convicted criminals Deputy Chief Justice says doctors who refuse to carry out amputations will be punished Belay : Sudan must put an end to the use of cruel , inhuman punishments
Palo Alto , California  CNN  -- President Obama began his "  town hall " event at Facebook 's offices on Wednesday with an anecdote . "  I hate to tell stories about Mark , " Obama said , referring to Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg , who was moderating the session . As if the two former Harvard students were old friends , Obama then launched into a brief retelling of a dinner party he atttended in February with the 26-year-old computer whiz and about a dozen other tech-industry elites . There , Zuckerberg sat to the president 's immediate right . "  I 'm the guy who got Mark to wear a jacket and tie , " Obama said , referring to Zuckerberg , who abandoned his usual T-shirt and hoodie ensemble that day . "  Halfway through dinner , he 's starting to sweat a bit . It 's really uncomfortable for him . I helped him out of his jacket . "  In fact , if you want Mark , we can take our jackets off . " And so , like Obama has often done during less-formal speeches , the president on Wednesday removed his coat . Zuckerberg followed , revealing a dress shirt and black tie .  Though , he did wear sneakers . "  Yeah , you 're a lot better at this than me , " Zuckerberg joked . That kicked off a very cordial hour-long conversation and seemed to loosen up the sometimes chilly technology prodigy . Zuckerberg stumbled during his opening remarks . "  Sorry , I 'm kind of nervous , " he said after a flub in his introduction . For Obama , Wednesday was a chance to connect with both Silicon Valley influencers and young people in one poke . Throughout his answers , Obama related his typical talking points -- federal deficit , education , healthcare and immigration -- to those two groups . To the technorati , Obama promoted education in math and sciences , highlighted the especially acute real-estate market in the affluent area here , and talked up immigration reform . "  We do n't want them starting Intel in China , or starting Intel in France . We want them here , " he said . To the youthful audience of Facebook employees , he provided advice and stirred his familiar call for change . "  Historically , part of what makes for a healthy democracy , what is a good politics , is when you have citizens who are informed , who are engaged . And what Facebook allows us to do is make sure this is n't just a one-way conversation , " Obama said . For Facebook , the meeting was an opportunity to validate itself in the eyes of Washington , where it 's ramped up lobbying efforts recently . That 's important for most companies growing at the rate and size Facebook is . Zuckerberg has already proven himself to 500 million people who use the service and to wealthy investors . The Facebook founder is worth $ 13.5 billion , according to data from Forbes . That fact provided an opening for another ribbing from Obama , when discussing the president 's proposal for ending tax cuts for the wealthy . "  People like me and you , Mark ,  should be  paying a little more in taxes , " Obama said . "  I know you 're OK with that . " Despite the president 's plan to take more of Zuckerberg 's money , the young billionaire praised Obama 's efforts in education reform . "  I think that the Race to the Top stuff that you guys have done is one of the most under-appreciated and most important things that your administration has done , " Zuckerberg told the president . For his part , Zuckerberg announced in September that he would donate $ 100 million to Newark , New Jersey , public schools . Obama has commended Facebook in past speeches , including in his State of the Union address in January . He placed Zuckerberg 's creation in a pantheon of great American ingenuity success stories , beside the inventors of the light bulb and the airplane . "  We 're the nation that put cars in driveways and computers in offices ; the nation of Edison and the Wright brothers ; of Google and Facebook , " Obama said in that speech . "  In America , innovation does n't just change our lives . It is how we make our living . " Facebook indicated in statements leading up to Wednesday 's event that this was not an endorsement for the president . Likewise , White House Press Secretary Jay Carney told reporters on the flight over here that the event was not meant to be a promotion for Facebook . "  This is not about endorsing a specific company , " Carney said . "  It 's about accepting an invitation for a forum to speak to the American people . " People traveling on Air Force One watched "  The Social Network , " the controversial movie about the founding of Facebook , Carney said . Facebook did , however , offer a gift to Obama at the end of the event . It was a sweatshirt with the website 's logo stamped on the front -- "  in case , for some reason , you want to dress like me , " Zuckerberg said .	At a Facebook event , President Obama repeatedly poked fun at Facebook 's founder The pair had met before at a dinner for the president and Silicon Valley elite Mark Zuckerberg praised Obama 's efforts in education reform
Beijing  CNN  -- A company that Chinese authorities say is controlled by dissident artist Ai Weiwei challenged tax evasion allegations Thursday . An attorney ; Ai 's wife , Lu Qing ; and an accountant were to represent the design firm at the hearing . Pu Zhiqiang , a famous human rights lawyer in China , told CNN that the Beijing tax bureau declined to have an open hearing and provided no reason . Ai said he disagreed with plans to have a closed hearing . "  If we wish the modern society to function effectively , cases like this should be conducted openly with transparency and public witness , " Ai said . "  Otherwise a lot of problems would emerge . " Pu said that if the evidence is valid , he will advise Ai 's company , which includes a studio , to pay the back taxes of 5 million RMB  US $ 770,000  and the punishment fee of 7 million RMB  US $ 1 million  , which is in accordance with Chinese regulations . If he does not find the evidence valid , however , Pu said that the company will appeal . Ai , considered China 's most famous artist , was originally detained in April on grounds of tax evasion . However , his family and human rights advocates believe that the real reason for his imprisonment is his outspoken criticism of the Chinese state . After three months in jail , Ai was released on bail in June , possibly for medical concerns . Most famous for designing the Bird 's Nest stadium for the 2008 Beijing Olympics , Ai later called for a boycott of the games because he said China was using them as propaganda . Ai also has accused the Chinese government of trying to silence dissidents . Also Thursday , Ai confirmed he had received an invitation from the Berlin University of the Arts to accept a professorship there . "  I wo n't be allowed to leave the country for at least a year so I 'll have to wait until I 'm free to have a clear plan about my future and my work , " he said . The president of the university , Martin Rennert , said the institution will welcome Ai whenever he can make it . "  We will wait for him to come when he feels the time is right , " Rennert said .	NEW : Ai confirms he has been extended an invitation by a Berlin university Weiwei was released last month on bail Chinese dissident is answering tax evasion charges
CNN  -- I watched as the sellers and beggars descended on her . I was thankful she was walking in front of me although I knew my turn would soon follow . There were women hawking iced water and children with prayer beads , wooden sculptures and cotton pants . Everyone trying to get her attention by saying , "  Lady , lady ... You want water ? Buy something ... pants , water ? Madame , lady , you buy something ... " The woman who was the target of this avalanche of requests -- who , like me , was a tourist at the Angkor Wat temples in Cambodia -- walked along the road toward the area where the buses and drivers waited to pick visitors up . As the seconds passed , she said "  no " and "  no thank you , " and some of the sellers and beggars relented . Some did not . They dug in and stuck with her , pulling on her shirt and saying again and again and again , "  Buy something , lady . " The woman finally shrieked "  NO !!!! " I was surprised and actually relieved to see this . I had done the same thing the day before . Of course , I felt embarrassed at my strong and exasperated response . It is a simple word understood across languages and cultures . No . But clearly as I saw this stranger demonstrate , making ourselves understood when saying what seems to be so simple is another matter . We have all been there on the receiving end of a request that we do not want or simply can not accommodate , and many have much higher stakes than the answer we give to strangers at a tourist spot 12 time zones away . We know that feeling of "  here it comes " in anticipation of a request that may not fit with our lives . We have all been there -- a request comes in via e-mail -- and we are loath to agree . For a variety of reasons , we simply can not , must not , will not , we tell ourselves , but we do . These requests come from people in our lives : Our bosses , colleagues , brothers , sisters , children , friends , partners , even from friends of friends , otherwise known as strangers . For things big and small , easy and difficult to accomplish . For some reason , saying no is much harder than it should be . Out of curiosity , and with guidance from Dan Ariely , a professor of economics and psychology at Duke University in North Carolina , I crafted a survey asking people about their experiences in turning down requests . We wondered whether there was a way to say no that did not involve guilt or anger for either the rejected or rejected . We discovered a number of interesting things : Many of us are saying no in limping , half-baked ways that leave neither us nor the rejected party feeling good about the answer . Judging by the roughly 500 people who took the time to answer our survey , the experience of saying no and feeling badly about it is common -- and interestingly , falls along gender lines . Specifically , women were more likely to anticipate they would feel badly if they said no and did in fact feel badly when they did say no . Our results also indicated women felt even worse about saying no when the request came from another woman . Men were more likely to anticipate they would not feel too badly . They reported after the fact that they felt just as they had anticipated when they rejected requests made of them . It was eye-opening to see the actual requests that were made . From money and co-signing for student loans and new cars  from nonfamily members  to taking care of untrained , "  scary " dogs and even children who jump on the furniture and generally ignore house rules . There were requests for time to volunteer at church , to cook meals , to make long car trips and to provide places to live , couches to sleep on , letters of recommendation and even the ashes and urn of a loved one . Most people seemed to really take time to see whether getting to yes was even possible . It was not rare for people to include explanations about the constraints that would prevent them from being able to say yes . Some even thanked the person making the request for thinking of them . Overall , respondents were thoughtful and tried to be helpful . In their rejection of the request , they sometimes offered other solutions or compromises . This stands in sharp contrast to the recent tussle on LinkedIn between a communication professional and a job seeker . As hard as it is to say no , in many cases , people have to learn the skill , or they risk finding their time , money and resources exhausted . If you are someone inundated with requests , here are a few suggestions to get past your own resistance to saying no : 1 . Take your time in deciding : Do not feel obligated to give an answer on the spot . Some people use e-mail auto-responders to buy them time to consider all requests , and this seems to be a strategy that works well . 2 . Get more details about the request : Often requests end up involving much more work than it may seem initially . Make sure to get all the details necessary to make an informed decision . Also feel free to change your mind . Many participants reported saying yes and then going back and rejecting the request after a couple of days ' thought . See No. 1 . 3 . Align with your priorities : Saying no may be difficult but if what you are being asked to do does not align with your priorities or values , then it will be a poor use of your time and energy -- no matter what the request . One participant shared how her stepchild had asked for the urn and ashes of his father , her deceased husband . They had been married 20 years ; she wanted to keep "  him " with her even after death . She told her stepson that when she passed away , the ashes would go to him , but in the meantime , she was going to keep them . A sensible compromise can go a long way . 4 . Find a "  go-to " system : A number of the participants said that they had set up a go-to system to help them both make and deliver the decisions . For instance , they had rules about certain kinds of requests : They had a predetermined number of requests they would agree to each month or year . Others had several pre-written responses in their e-mail accounts that they could send out once they had classified what category the request fell into for them . Others indicated they preferred to say no in writing via text or e-mail instead of verbally , because it made the process easier for them . 5 . Give up the guilt : The research indicates that many women anticipate and feel badly about saying no . That does not help . Give up the guilt , consider what you agree to do and what you are able and then just get on with it . Know that saying no will create fallout -- feel OK about that . It is an inevitable part of the process . The results to the initial survey only increased our curiosity about the whole process of saying no . Because the responses were so rich , we are eager to explore the topic more deeply to get a better sense of what works and what strategies people are using . We are also curious about how positions of authority as well as emotions such as regret , fear and anger influence our ability to say no . We also hope to gain more insight into how relationships and gender frame the rejection of requests . We invite you to take a few minutes to participate in the survey . In this case , please do n't say no . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julianne Wurm .	It 's common to feel pressure when you receive too many requests from many people Julianne Wurm : While people want to say no , they often feel trapped into saying yes Some simple rules can help people navigate the requests and set their priorities , she says
Washington  CNN  -- The United States , Russia , China and other key nations have reached agreement on a "  strong " Iran sanctions resolution , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Tuesday . Speaking before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , Clinton said the United States has been "  working closely " with its international partners -- the so-called P5 plus 1 -- on a resolution to present to the United Nations Security Council . She said they forged "  a strong draft with the cooperation of Russia and China , " the two countries that have been reluctant to impose strong sanctions on Iran for its nuclear program . "  We plan to circulate the draft resolution to the entire Security Council today , " said Clinton , who made the remarks before she began testifying about START , the U.S.-Russian treaty on nuclear arms . The P5 plus 1 comprises the five permanent member of the Security Council -- the United States , China , Russia , France , and Britain -- as well as Germany . The group has been concerned that Iran intends to develop nuclear weapons . Iran has denied that claim , saying it wants to develop nuclear power for peaceful purposes . Clinton noted an Iranian offer to send low-enriched uranium to Turkey in exchange for highly enriched uranium but said it would not stop U.S. efforts to impose sanctions . "  We acknowledge the sincere efforts of both Turkey and Brazil to find a solution regarding Iran 's standoff with the international community over its nuclear program , " Clinton told Sen. John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee , citing the two countries that brokered the deal . But , she said , the P5 plus 1 "  are proceeding to rally the international community on behalf of a strong sanctions resolution that will , in our view , send an unmistakable message about what is expected from Iran . "	U.S. , France , Britain , Germany also in group hammering out sanctions plan Draft resolution likely to be shown to U.N. Security Council today , secretary of state says Nations are concerned that Iran intends to develop nuclear weapons , which Iran denies
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The regional airline involved in a fatal February plane crash outside Buffalo , New York , contested a report Monday alleging the pilot did not have the training to handle the emergency that brought the plane down , and that he might have been fatigued on the night of the crash . Debris is cleared from the scene of Flight 3407 's crash near Buffalo , New York , in February . Continental Connection Flight 3407 , operated by regional carrier Colgan Air , plunged into a house in Clarence Center , New York , on the night of February 12 , killing all 49 on board as well as one man in the house . In a story Monday , The Wall Street Journal cited investigators as saying the crash resulted from pilot Marvin Renslow 's incorrect response to the plane 's precarious drop in speed : He overrode an emergency system known as a "  stick pusher , " which sends the plane into a dive so it can regain speed and avoid a stall . The Journal 's report said Colgan had not provided Renslow with hands-on flight-simulator training for a stick-pusher emergency . Colgan , in rebuttal , issued a statement saying Renslow had received classroom instruction for such an emergency . Watch a Colgan official respond to questions " The company also emphasized that the Federal Aviation Administration does not require pilots to receive a stick-pusher demonstration in a flight simulator . "  The FAA generally trains to standards of routine line operations . They do n't focus on the edges of the envelope , " stall recovery expert Doug Moss told CNN . Colgan further admitted that during his career , Renslow failed five "  check rides " -- occasional tests of pilot proficiency -- including two that Colgan said he did not disclose on his application with the airline . His most recent failed check ride occurred 16 months before the crash . "  In the cases while with Colgan , he received additional training and successfully passed the check rides , " the airline said . Colgan stressed that despite his performance on check rides , Renslow nonetheless ultimately passed his pilot exams and had "  all the training and experience to safely operate the Q400 , " the airplane involved in the crash . Colgan further insisted that pilot fatigue was not a factor in the crash , noting that Renslow had "  nearly 22 consecutive hours of time off before he reported for duty on the day of the accident . " In its statement , Colgan did not specifically address potential illness-related fatigue in 24-year-old co-pilot Rebecca Shaw , who , according to The Wall Street Journal report , said before takeoff that she probably should have called in sick . The National Transportation Safety Board begins a three-day hearing on the crash on Tuesday . Renslow 's history as well as pilot training broadly will be examined .	Continental Connection Flight 3407 crashed near Buffalo in February ; 50 people died Wall Street Journal report says pilot did n't have hands-on flight-simulator training Colgan Air says Marvin Renslow got FAA-required classroom instruction Colgan , operator of flight , also insists pilot fatigue was n't a factor in crash
CNN  -- Comedy is n't evolutionary . Hollywood has been plundering ancient history for yuks at least since Buster Keaton 's day , and there 's little in "  Year One " to suggest we 've progressed much over the last 90 years . Michael Cera and Jack Black go in search of meaning -- and some food -- in "  Year One . " Quite the opposite , in fact . It 's a stretch to envisage Keaton picking up bear poop , as Jack Black does here , giving it an appraising sniff , then a quick lick . And I ca n't imagine him peeing down his own nostrils , as Michael Cera does  he 's chained upside down at the time  . Not to say this monkey business is n't funny ; these are the highlights of a relentlessly low-brow lark , notwithstanding several sophomoric speeches in a panicky existentialist vein . Black is Zed , a sorry excuse for a hunter in a tribe that has yet to discover the wheel . His buddy Oh  Cera  is even further down the totem pole , a mere gatherer . Neither is a hit with the ladies , and when Zed is exiled after stealing forbidden fruit , well , not even Oh wants to go with him -- though of course he does tag along . It 's no fun being a sidekick all on your lonesome . Co-written and directed by comedy veteran Harold Ramis  "  Ghostbusters , " "  Groundhog Day "  , "  Year One " is little more than a series of juvenile skits dressed up in toga party glad rags . It rambles off into Old Testament territory when the boys stumble across Cain  David Cross  killing his brother Abel  Paul Rudd  , then arrive in the desert in the nick of time to save Isaac 's neck  Christopher Mintz-Plasse  from his zealous father 's knife -- though his foreskin is another story . Sorely lacking the anarchic edge that Monty Python brought to "  The Life of Brian " and the sheer chutzpah of Mel Brooks ' "  History of the World : Part One , " "  Year One " is more akin to one of those old Bob Hope-Bing Crosby jaunts -- two guys bicker and banter in exotic climes , hopping from scrape to scrape without ever reaching the bottom of the barrel . Inevitably , Zed and Oh find themselves on the Road to Sodom , where Oliver Platt 's plummy High Priest orchestrates orgies in the afternoon then presides over human sacrifices in the evening . It is in Sodom that the boys will prove their manhood . Black 's manic over-reacher and Cera 's shy mumbler complement each other well enough in theory , but at 39 , Black is almost old enough to be the 21-year-old Cera 's father . It 's a big age gap for a comedy duo , and they never quite mesh or convince as bosom buddies , even if they 're fairly amusing separately . Among the supporting cast , only Hank Azaria 's fundamentalist Abraham really seizes on the possibilities ; he and Platt deliver the goods . Too many others , on the other hand , just seem to have dropped by to hang out for a day or two on set . Typically , neither Juno Temple nor June Diane Raphael gets any breathing room as the heroes ' designated distressed damsels ; Ramis ogles female flesh as enthusiastically as he milks homophobia for cheap laughs . Bearing the tell-tale scars of slash-and-burn post-market testing editing -- several early scenes simply hit a brick wall -- "  Year One " is n't an out-and-out disaster . It 's just another feeble comedy that never finds its rhythm or builds up a head of steam . iReport.com : Share your review of "  Year One " It was probably a lot more fun to make than it is to watch , but we 'll have to take that on trust . Even the outtakes played alongside the end credits are n't funny . "  Year One " is rated PG-13 and runs 100 minutes . For Entertainment Weekly 's review , click here .	"  Year One " is a feeble comedy , says CNN.com 's Tom Charity Harold Ramis-directed film stars Jack Black and Michael Cera , but few laughs Black and Cera play Stone Age tribesmen who meet biblical figures
London , England  CNN  -- One of England 's most famous soccer clubs has been sold to the American owners of baseball 's Boston Red Sox following a protracted Trans-Atlantic legal battle . John W. Henry , the head of New England Sports Ventures  NESV  , confirmed in London Friday that the company 's $ 480 million deal to buy Liverpool Football Club had finally been completed . Liverpool 's previous owners Tom Hicks and George Gillett , who are also American , earlier withdrew their temporary restraining order blocking the sale , having twice gone to a court in Texas to prevent the transaction . "  I ca n't tell you how happy I am that we finally got to this stage , " Henry told a throng of reporters . "  We 're going to do a lot of listening . We have a lot to learn , but our actions will hopefully speak louder than words . " Liverpool takeover saga explained The deal eliminates the English Premier League club 's debt obligation -- believed to be around $ 377 million -- to the club 's main creditor , the Royal Bank of Scotland  RBS  . Crucially , this will prevent the club 's holding company , Kop Football Holdings , from going into administration , the British equivalent of bankruptcy . This carries a nine-point penalty for Premier League clubs , and could have led to relegation from the top flight given the club 's poor start to the season . Liverpool chairman Martin Broughton , whom Hicks and Gillett hired to find a buyer , said in a statement : "  I am delighted that we have been able to successfully conclude the sale process which has been thorough and extensive . "  The Board decided to accept NESV 's offer on the basis that it best met the criteria we set out originally for a new owner . NESV is buying Liverpool in order to put it on an excellent financial footing and continue to develop it internationally . "  This is a good deal which comprehensively resolves the pressing issue of the Club 's debt and should give staff , players and fans great confidence regarding the future of Liverpool F.C. " From the frying pan into the fire for Liverpool ? Meanwhile , Hicks and Gillett are now planning a $ 1.6 billion damages action , claiming the sale is "  illegal . " A statement on behalf of the pair read : "  It 's an extraordinary swindle and it will result in exactly the wrong thing for the club and the fans . " RBS , which had set a Friday deadline for Hicks and Gillett to repay the loan used to finance their 2007 purchase of Liverpool , said any legal action by the pair "  will be vigorously opposed . " "  RBS is pleased the sale to NESV has been completed and is confident this will provide the foundation for the club and its fans to enjoy renewed success on and off the pitch , " the bank said in a statement . "  RBS is aware of reports that Mr. Hicks and Mr. Gillett may intend to pursue further litigation in relation to the sale of Liverpool F.C. . The English courts have described claims made to date as "  not realistic and abusive . " Any further claims against RBS will be vigorously opposed . " History of Liverpool in images Earlier Friday , Hicks was believed to be trying to offload his shares in the club to a U.S. hedge fund which already controls Gillett 's 50 percent ownership , Britain 's Press Association said . However , the Premier League , which oversees the game in England , rejected Mill 's requests to undergo a fit and proper person test , saying it could only negotiate with the Liverpool board , the BBC reported . The board , headed by Broughton , approved the deal with NESV last week without the consent of Hicks and Gillett as a way to rescue the club from its financial problems . But the pair said through their lawyers that superior offers had been "  on the table and were not chosen . " A subsequent bid to veto the sale was rejected by a London court , before Hicks and Gillett obtained the restraining order in a Texas court on Wednesday in an effort to delay the deal . On Thursday the case was taken to a London court for a second time , but English judge Mr. Justice Floyd said the move by Hicks and Gillett amounted to "  unconscionable conduct , " and granted anti-suit injunctions to nullify decisions taken in Texas . The American duo were given until 1500 GMT  1100 EST  on Friday to comply with the ruling . Henry , meanwhile , had pledged to fight Hicks ' "  last desperate attempt " to hang on to Liverpool . "  We have a binding contract , " he wrote on his Twitter account late Thursday . "  Will fight Mill Hicks Gillett attempt to keep club today . Their last desperate attempt to entrench their regime . " NESV promised that if its offer was successful , it would keep all acquisition debts away from Liverpool 's football operations and stabilize the club in order to return it to its glory days . One win in seven games has left the team 18th in the 20-team Premier League table in the early stages of the season , and at risk of possible relegation in May unless results improve . The club faces one of its biggest matches of the season this Sunday against city rivals Everton . The club has earned a joint record of 18 English titles -- but none since 1990 . It is also England 's most successful club in European football , winning five European Cups , most recently in 2005 .	New England Sports Ventures completes $ 480 million deal to buy Liverpool Previous owners remove legal barrier to what they called "  illegal " sale Tom Hicks and George Gillett now planning a $ 1.6 billion damages action NESV removes debt obligation to main creditors the Royal Bank Of Scotland
CNN  -- What started as an expose of the harassment women face in public has turned into fodder for death - and rape threats against the woman in the viral video . "  There are people who 've said a lot of things , but I 'm not reading what they are saying , " Shoshana Roberts told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Wednesday night . "  We hit a nerve . " Roberts did n't say a word as she walked through the streets of Manhattan for 10 hours for the video . She did n't have to . How should men approach women ? Over 100 passersby spoke up with catcalls and phrases such as , "  God bless you mami , " "  Damn ! " and "  Hey , look it there ! " "  My nonverbal cues were saying , ` Do n't talk to me . ' No eye contact . No friendly demeanor , " she said . "  But they were ignoring my nonverbal cues . " Accurate depiction Roberts said the video is an accurate depiction of what she faces daily . For instance , there was a time when her grandfather died "  and someone told me that they liked the way I looked . " "  It is all day long . It is every day , " she said . "  That 's a typical day ... It does n't matter what you wear . " Where are the white men in the catcalling video ? The 10 hours of footage was edited down to a 1:56 public service announcement for the anti-street harassment group Hollaback ! It was shot by filmmaker Rob Bliss , who was wearing a hidden camera in his backpack . "  I have multiple experiences of sexual assault , which is why I wanted to be involved in this project , " Roberts said in a separate interview with HLN . Scary feeling Perhaps the most nerve-racking part of the video was when a man started walking alongside Roberts and continued following her for five minutes . "  I have been doing martial arts since I was nine , and I have a black belt in tae kwon do ... and I am scared , " Roberts told Cooper . The video has been viewed more than 12 million times on YouTube . Despite numerous threats of violence against Roberts , many have been supportive . " @ShoshanaBinya thank you for participating in that hollaback video , too many women go through the same thing , " @Andrea_Misho said on Twitter . ` It needs to stop ' Street harassment disproportionately impacts women , people of color , LGBTQ individuals and young people , Hollaback ! says on its website . "  Although the degree to which Shoshana gets harassed is shocking , the reality is that the harassment that people of color and LGBTQ individuals face is oftentimes more severe and more likely to escalate into violence , " the group said . Roberts said she 's perplexed by why so many people harass when there is seldom a good outcome . "  I do n't know what they expect people to do , " she said . "  I mean , this is happening to so many women , and my story is not unique . " "  It needs to stop , " she added . "  We can change hearts and minds . " CNN 's Emanuella Grinberg contributed to this report .	Shoshana Roberts was catcalled more than 100 times in 10 hours Video of the street harassment has been viewed more than 12 million times Roberts has received lots of support , but also death threats and rape threats
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The alleged U.S. operative of a Mexican cartel was known as "  The Pretty One . " That was her alias in Mexico "  La Bonita , " according to Mexican officials . This week the fugitive is back in Mexico in custody following her capture by U.S. authorities in the Los Angeles area on immigration violations . Anel Violeta Noriega Rios , 27 , was the subject of a 5 million peso  about $ 375,000  reward by Mexican authorities and is charged in a 64-page criminal warrant issued in January 2010 in the Mexican state of Tamaulipas for alleged organized crime and drug trafficking , authorities said . Noriega Rios is an alleged member of the La Familia cartel based in the Mexican state of Michoacan , and she was one of its main U.S.-based operatives , authorities charge . The cartel is known to be "  extremely violent , " U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials said . Mexican authorities charge that Noriega Rios helped oversee the cartel 's methamphetamine distribution activities in California and Washington state , ICE officials said . The cartel also is allegedly engaged in cocaine and marijuana trafficking , kidnapping , extortion and producing methamphetamine for export to the United States , U.S. officials said . ICE officers and U.S. marshals arrested Noriega Rios without incident last week at her El Monte , California , residence , about 14 miles east of downtown Los Angeles , authorities said . Noriega Rios was arrested on "  administrative immigration violations , " and two days later she was turned over to Mexican authorities at the border crossing in San Ysidro , California , U.S. officials said . U.S. and Mexican authorities exchanged "  strategic information " that led to her capture , ICE officials said . "  Mexican officials note the case also demonstrates the ongoing commitment between ICE and the Office of the General Attorney of Mexico  PGR  to address matters of mutual concern , " an ICE statement said this week . U.S. Department of Homeland Security databases show that Noriega Rios had been arrested and repatriated to Mexico five times between 2004 and 2005 by U.S. Customs and Border Protection and Border Patrol agents , and she had no U.S. criminal convictions , ICE officials said . She was delivered to Mexican authorities last week after ICE officers reinstated a prior order for her removal from 2004 , ICE officials said . In a statement , David Marin , acting field office director of ICE 's Enforcement and Removal Operations in Los Angeles , said U.S. authorities "  will continue to work closely with its law enforcement counterparts in Mexico to assure the safety of law abiding citizens in both nations . " Feds : Mexican cartel launders money in US horse racing In small-town USA , business as usual for Mexican cartels	Anel Violeta Noriega Rios , 27 , is known as "  La Bonita " in Mexico She 's allegedly one of the main U.S. operatives for the violent La Familia cartel U.S. officers arrest her on immigration violations and hand her to Mexican authorities Mexico put a 5 million peso  $ 375,000  reward on her for alleged drug trafficking
CNN  -- Feed the world 's starving . Cure vitamin and mineral deficiencies . Put an end to crop failure . Combat global warming . Such are the promises of genetically modified  GM  rice . But if it all sounds too good to be true , environmentalists say , that 's because it is . For proponents of GM rice , GM food is the obvious solution to the ongoing problems of population growth , changing climate conditions and malnutrition . For its opponents , it 's an unnecessary and potentially catastrophic exercise which only feeds corporate interests and does little to solve the real problems of global food supply , malnutrition and farming practices . According to seed producer Syngenta , there are around 81 million hectares '  200 million acres '  worth of GM crops presently being grown in the world , representing the work of 8.25 million farmers in 17 countries . They are spread mainly between just five countries -- the United States , Canada , Argentina , China and Brazil -- which represent 98 percent of the US$ 44 billion GM crop market , according to TheCampaign.org . Rice is by far the most important crop for more than 50 percent of the world 's population , according to WWF , and relied upon by around 2 billion people in Asia for 60 percent to 70 percent of their daily calorie intake . Asia is the world 's biggest rice market , growing and consuming 90 percent of the world 's rice , according to Greenpeace . Globally , we will produce around 633 million tons of rice this year , says the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations . But in 20 years ' time , that wo n't be enough , according to the European Association for Bioindustries , or EuropaBio  the self-proclaimed political voice of Europe 's biotech industry  . Because of population growth , the rice industry will have 1 billion new customers annually requiring 200 million tons more of rice than there is today . To meet the nutritional needs of all of these people -- in addition to the 800 million presently starving -- food production will have to "  more than double " in under 40 years , it says . But problematic weather conditions such as flooding and drought , brought on by climate change , are putting strains on global food production , GM supporters say . And to make matters worse , around 40 percent of crops each year are lost to pests , weeds and diseases , says Syngenta . GM rice proponents : Higher nutrition , environmentally friendly With GM rice , these problems are confronted , if not solved , its proponents say , as different strains of rice can be bred to withstand attack from pests , diseases and hostile environments . Not only that , they say , but GM rice can be bred to offer much higher nutritional values than regular rice can , supposedly combating the issues of malnutrition that are now endemic in the developing world .  According to the Golden Rice Network , around 1 billion pregnant women in Asia are Iron-deficient ; 2 billion more lack Zinc ; while 250 million children are Vitamin A deficient . As a result , the Philippine Rice Research Institute and Strive Foundation have developed a GM rice strain they are calling "  3-in-1 " rice that is packed with Vitamin A , Iron and Zinc , according to the Philippines Information Agency . And Golden Rice , developed by Syngenta , is said to be loaded with so much beta-carotene that it can combat the issues of Vitamin A deficiency  VAD  to the point that some say it can even prevent blindness . The original Golden Rice was launched onto the world stage in 2000 by Syngenta , and it has recently been improved to the extent that "  Golden Rice 2 " now contains 23 times as much beta carotene as the original . Scientists testing the strain say a serving of 200 grams should provide the recommended daily Vitamin A intake ; challenging critics such as Friends of the Earth who previously said its claim of beating VAD were erroneous . GM proponents are now even claiming that GM crops are more environmentally friendly than traditional crops . A study by the International Service for the Acquisition of Agri-Biotech Applications  ISAAA  claims that the effect of farmers in the U.S. , Canada and Argentina in 2005 growing weed killer-resistant crops was the equivalent to taking 4 million cars off the road and preventing 9 billion kilograms  19.8 billion pounds  of carbon dioxide from being released into the atmosphere . The reason : Farmers planting these crops did n't need to plough the fields to destroy weeds , which meant the organic matter did n't get exposed to the atmosphere , releasing greenhouse gases in the process , according to the New Scientist . GM rice opponents : Unknown risks , chemical use But for all GM rice 's promises , the world 's leading environmental NGOs -- Greenpeace , WWF and Friends of the Earth -- are simply not persuaded . Traditional farming practices need to be embraced they say , as farmers have been selectively breeding rice successfully for centuries . There are now as many as 140,000 varieties , says Greenpeace , which have been developed without genetic tampering to resist particular diseases , or pests , and to survive in drought conditions -- or floods . No one knows what the long-term health impact of GM rice is , opponents also argue , and using GM rice seeds leads to the trap of having to buy the chemicals sold by the companies selling the seeds . NGOS such as Greenpeace argue these chemicals are unnecessary , particularly in the early part of the growing season . According to Greenpeace , the International Rice Research Institute in the Philippines reduced its insecticide use by 95 percent between 1993 and 2003 , "  with no yield loss " and a further study found that 80 % of pesticide sprays used in the Philippines were "  unnecessary . " Then there is the basic concern over introducing foreign genes into the rice itself . Golden Rice was developed by introducing two genes from a daffodil , for example , while new breeds of rice being given approval by the United States for trials actually contain human genes . Adding to the concern of unknown health and environmental risks presented by altered rice is this worry : What happens when the seeds contaminate other types of neighboring non-GM rice ? That question was effectively answered last year , when two global rice scares shook the rice industry and substantially bolstered support for GM opponents in the process . A U.S. rice strain , developed by Bayer CropScience -- which was unapproved for human consumption -- leaked into the global food chain , as did illegal seeds that were being sold in China . Bayer was sued by farmers claiming their crops were contaminated , the Reuters news service reported ; the world 's largest rice processor Ebro Puleva immediately announced it would stop buying U.S. rice ; the European Union and Japan declared import bans on U.S. rice ; and rice prices went through the floor . Since then , says Greenpeace , and in a resounding victory for the anti-GM movement , 41 rice companies from around the world have come out and rejected GM rice . Furthermore , key rice producing countries Thailand and Vietnam have banned GM rice for good . Those two countries alone account for nearly 50 percent of all global rice exports , according to the NGO . A contentious issue The issue of GM rice has become so contentious that even the co-founder of Greenpeace came out publicly in defense of it recently , attacking the NGO 's "  scare tactics and sensationalism " in an issue of The American . "  Golden rice can indeed contribute , in a cost-effective manner , to the alleviation of VAD -LSB- vitamin A deficiency -RSB- , thereby easing children 's suffering and , in many cases , saving their lives , " he wrote . "  My old Greenpeace compatriots counter these findings not with their own science , but rather with Hollywood-style fictions about ` killer weeds ' and ` Frankenfoods . ' Their campaign suggests a complete lack of respect for science and logic . " Greenpeace argues it is not anti-science or anti-biotechnology , however , and promotes the use of techniques such as Marker-Assisted Selection  MAS  which allows scientists to breed pest/weather-resistant crops by identifying which gene is responsible for the resistance , then repeatedly cross-breeding and backcrossing them  to eliminate undesirable inherited traits  until the desired crop has been achieved . WWF , meanwhile says the system of rice intensification  SRI  can save "  billions of cubic meters " of water every day  40 percent less than conventional methods , it says  , while increasing yields by more than 30 percent , according to Treehugger.com . SRI is based on farming methods first adopted in Madagascar in the 1980s and entail : developing nutrient-rich , un-flooded nurseries  as opposed to flooded ones  ; planting rice seedlings further apart from each other ; using composts or manure instead of chemical fertilizers ; and controlling the amount of water the rice receives . If India were to dedicate 20 million hectares of land to this system , WWF says , "  The country could meet its food grain objectives of 220 million tons of grain by 2012 instead of 2050 . " WWF says that if this method was implemented , not only would it save water and bring food security , it would also help the environment -- SRI rice fields do not emit methane , WWF says , as do conventional rice growing environments . E-mail to a friend Sources : Syngenta ; WWF ; TheCampaign.org ; Greenpeace ; Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations ; European Association for Bioindustries ; Philippines Information Agency ; New Scientist ; The American ; PlanetArk ; Treehugger.com	Half of the world 's population rely on rice Rice production will have to double in 40 years Five countries grow 98 percent of the world 's GM rice Rice contamination scare in 2006 a setback for GM industry
CNN  -- I do n't care much for Sarah Palin 's politics , but I do like her word "  refudiate . " As I just typed the word , a squiggly red line appeared under it with a suggestion that I change the word to repudiate . Well , for the record , I repudiate that suggestion and refudiate it . People who do n't like political figures often make fun of their language . H.L. Mencken said of a Warren G. Harding speech : "  It is rumble and bumble . It is flap and doodle . It is balder and dash . " Jimmy Carter 's enemies portrayed him as a hick from the sticks , not just because of his brother Billy , but for his Southern speech , including his pronunciation of nuclear . It does n't seem to matter whether you have a reputation as brainy and articulate . John Kennedy 's Harvard dialect created a cottage industry of comic impressionists . At the other end of the spectrum was George W. Bush , whose Bushisms were legion . Opponents of President Obama attack his use of language as elitist , professorial or passionless . In other words , Palin stands in good company . And I stand with her . What was her crime ? She made up a new word -- unintentionally perhaps , but it does n't matter . I once referred to a highly paid athlete as a godzillionaire . I meant to say gazillionaire , but when I caught myself , I realized my "  mistake " was better : the athlete 's wealth was ginormous , as big and monstrous as the Japanese icon Godzilla . I 'm all for coining neologisms , the technical name for a new word minted into the English language . One type of neologism is called a blend , as when two words are joined to form a third . The words web and log gave birth to blog . The merger of gigantic and enormous gave us the increasingly popular ginormous , which I thought was a kid 's malapropism until I read it on a billboard . There 's a chance that Palin , who compared her language creativity to Shakespeare 's , may in fact be more in tune with Mrs. Malaprop , a famous theatrical character who appeared in Richard Sheridan 's 1775 play "  The Rivals . " The great lady would lend her name to the confusion of language , as when she meant to say pinnacle but referred to another character as "  the very pineapple of politeness . " I knew a burned-out teacher who would collect and publish his student 's mistakes , such as a passage in which a young woman was said to "  tilt her head with a delicate air of expectoration . " Ptooey ! Children 's mistakes are often among the most creative . My niece Mary Hope electrified her family by referring to something as an obstacle illusion . This seemed amusing but useless until the recent day when I thought I saw an orange cone blocking my exit from a casino parking garage . Well guess what ? Turned out to be an obstacle illusion . Lewis Carroll made great use of blends in poems such as "  Jabberwocky , " in which slimy and lithe collide to form slithy . A Canadian radio word contest invited listeners to coin a word for that straining sound a Canadian car makes on a frigid morning ? The winner was a blend : cranksinatra . The most popular guess is that refudiate was an unintended blend of refute and repudiate . I like the fact that the sound "  feud " rests in the middle because that seems to define Palin 's form of maverickism : feudish . And let 's not forget the verb refuse , meaning to reject . There may even be a historical allusion here  perhaps an obstacle allusion  to Refuseniks , those disgruntled Soviet citizens not permitted to emigrate . Perhaps another influence is radiate . Maybe if you radiate refusal , perhaps can be said to refudiate . It 's all good . I 'm for more fun and more color in political speech , including the occasional swing and miss that turns into a home run . The alternative is all script and spin , all euphemism and disclaimer , all flap and doodle , signifying nothing . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roy Peter Clark .	Roy Peter Clark : Sarah Palin 's creation of a new work , "  refudiate , " was inspired He says blending words has a long history in English The words "  web " and "  log " gave birth to "  blog , " Clark says Clark : "  I 'm for more fun and more color in political speech "
CNN  -- There is no reason Marissa Alexander should spend the next 20 years in prison . If you are the most hardened law-and-order person in the world , even you should have some compassion for Alexander , the Jacksonville , Florida , woman who has been struck by the ridiculous Florida law known as 10-20-life . The law requires anyone convicted of an aggravated assault when a firearm is discharged to serve a minimum of 20 years in prison with no regard to extenuating circumstances . Alexander says that on August 1 , 2010 , her husband went into a rage and tried to strangle her after reading some text messages she sent to her ex-husband . She fled the family home , got to the garage and realized she did n't have her keys . Fearing for her life , she says she grabbed a gun and went back into the home to retrieve her keys . She says her husband threatened to kill her , and to keep him at bay , she fired a warning shot into a wall . Why was she charged , convicted and sentenced ? Because State Attorney Angela Corey , the same prosecutor leading the Trayvon Martin case , said the gun was fired near a bedroom where two children were and they could have been injured . Did the bullet hit the children ? No . Did Alexander point the gun at her husband and hit him ? No . She simply fired a warning shot , and according to Florida 's shameful law , that 's enough for a minimum 20-year sentence . Corey offered Alexander a three-year sentence in a plea bargain , but Alexander felt she had done nothing wrong and so rejected the plea . In sentencing her , the judge made it clear that , despite all the pleas for mercy , including one from Alexander 's 11-year-old daughter who took the stand , he was left with no choice but to send Alexander to jail for at least 20 years . Alexander tried to invoke Florida 's controversial stand your ground law in her defense , but that was rejected . Critics of the law 's role in the Martin case have said this shows how the law is applied unevenly . But the real issue here is n't the faulty stand your ground law . It 's the ridiculous mandatory minimum sentences that have been approved by countless state legislatures and Congress . In 2007 , the U.S. Supreme Court ruled  PDF  that the federal sentencing guidelines in some types of cases should not be seen as mandatory but as "  advisory , " giving judges the leeway  PDF  to consider multiple factors before sentencing someone . In a 2003 speech to the American Bar Association , Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy railed against federal mandatory minimums , saying , "  Our resources are misspent , our punishment too severe , our sentences too long . " "  I can accept neither the necessity nor the wisdom of federal mandatory minimum sentences , " Kennedy said . "  In too many cases , mandatory minimum sentences are unwise or unjust . " Unfortunately , on the state level , far too many law-and-order legislators , most with no courtroom or law enforcement experience , enact such laws without giving any thought to potential cases like Alexander 's . The 10-20-life policy has no business in the laws of Florida or any other state . Judges should have the discretion to consider a variety of factors in sentencing , and I have no doubt had this judge been given flexibility , Alexander would n't be going to prison for 20 years . These types of injustices are common in our legal system , and it is necessary for everyone with a conscience to stand up and decry these so-called legislative remedies that end up as nightmares . Alexander was a woman trying to flee an enraged husband . She could have easily pointed the gun at him and pleaded self-defense , and like George Zimmerman , the shooter in the Martin case who was not initially charged , Alexander might never have been arrested . Our prison systems are overcrowded , and folks like Marissa Alexander do not belong in them . One hopes that Florida Gov. Rick Scott will find some compassion and grant Alexander a pardon , and the Florida Legislature will revise the law to prevent future miscarriages of justice . Florida elected officials and residents should be ashamed of this law and do all they can to change it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland S. Martin .	Roland Martin : Marissa Alexander a victim of mandatory minimums Alexander , who fired a gun into a wall , has been sentenced to 20 years Martin says laws that prevent leeway in sentencing should be abolished
CNN  -- Earlier this year , the Justice Department filed a $ 5 billion lawsuit against Standard & Poor 's -- one of the nation 's Big Three credit rating agencies , which also include Moody 's and Fitch . The lawsuit accuses S&P of knowingly giving AAA ratings to financial products the agency 's analysts understood to be unworthy . Handing out sparkling ratings to deeply flawed securities represents a serious breach of trust on the part of a credit rating agency . But it was common practice for the Big Three . And in no small way , this practice enabled the financial meltdown of 2008 . Under the current so-called "  issuer pays " model , agencies are paid by the Wall Street firms whose products they are rating . The agencies thus have a financial motive to satisfy issuers with a high rating : If an agency declines to give a particular product its seal of approval , the issuer can simply take its business -- and its fees -- elsewhere . In the lead-up to the financial crisis , the Big Three gave out AAA ratings to subprime mortgage-backed securities . The securities , of course , turned out to be toxic , but the agencies were paid anyway . What 's worse , when Wall Street ran out of questionable mortgages to securitize , it created a whole new market based on bets on those securities , bets called "  derivatives . " The Big Three kept on handing out AAA ratings to these complicated new products , and were again paid handsomely to do so . The rating agencies made hundreds of millions of dollars , but in the end , it was American taxpayers who paid the price -- losing their savings , their homes and their jobs in addition to having to pay billions to bail out banks . In the wake of that catastrophe , there is bipartisan agreement that the credit ratings process needs serious reform . That is why we worked together on an amendment to the Dodd-Frank financial reform law -- and why the Franken-Wicker provision passed with bipartisan support . Our amendment was designed to bring accountability and transparency to the ratings process . In short , we want to replace pay-for-play with pay-for-performance , opening up the ratings process and establishing a competitive marketplace that rewards accuracy . The final version of Dodd-Frank required that the Securities and Exchange Commission complete a study of the ratings system before acting . Nearly three years later , that study is complete , finding that "  inherent " conflicts of interest in the system contributed to the 2008 crisis . At our urging , the SEC held a roundtable earlier this week to discuss moving forward . During the open comment period on its report , the SEC received just 32 letters on the issue -- six of them coming from rating agencies . We are pleased that the roundtable sought greater public engagement , including input from the investors and consumer advocates . But now comes the real test of whether the SEC is truly committed to preventing another recession . Ultimately , the decision to move forward will be led by its new chair , Mary Jo White . White 's close ties to the financial industry -- she was a defense attorney for many of Wall Street 's biggest players -- have rightly raised concerns about her ability to police it . Her defenders argue that , as a former prosecutor who 's taken on gangsters and terrorists , White wo n't be bullied into going easy on bad actors in our financial sector . But it 's up to White to prove that she 's up to the task . And how aggressively she takes on the credit rating industry after the roundtable is the first key test to demonstrate that her Wall Street background wo n't impede her ability to be the watchdog we need . It will also be a test of how serious the Obama administration is about preventing another financial meltdown . Make no mistake : we will be watching closely that , under her leadership , the SEC will implement credible reform . A responsible credit rating industry is critical to protecting the public interest -- and there is bipartisan support for reform that restores accountability , transparency and integrity to the system . This week 's roundtable was a step forward . We hope that the new SEC head will follow through on the reform that , as we learned the hard way in 2008 , is long overdue . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Al Franken and Roger Wicker .	Franken , Wicker : Justice Dept. sued S&P for fraud in AAA ratings ahead of financial crisis They say ratings agencies got rich , taxpayers paid price , crisis touched off call for reforms They say SEC 's new study on ratings system shows conflict of interests led to financial crisis Senators : New SEC chair , May Jo White , has ties to industry , must prove she 'll enact reforms
CNN  -- Tiger Woods ' former caddy Steve Williams has issued an apology after apparently making racially tinged remarks at an awards dinner in Shanghai , China . Williams -- who was fired by Woods in July -- was being presented with a satirical award for "  celebration of the year " for comments he made after his new boss , golfer Adam Scott , beat Woods at the Bridgestone Invitational in Ohio a month later . According to media reports , when asked about those comments during his acceptance speech Friday night , Williams said : "  I wanted to shove it up that black -- . " Should Williams be punished for Tiger remarks ? Shortly afterward , the New Zealander issued an contrite statement on his website . "  I apologize for comments I made last night at the Annual Caddy Awards dinner in Shanghai . Players and caddies look forward to this evening all year and the spirit is always joking and fun . "  I now realize how my comments could be construed as racist . However I assure you that was not my intent . I sincerely apologize to Tiger and anyone else I have offended . " Woods is in Australia preparing for the President Cups teams event in Melbourne starting November 17 . His agent Mark Steinberg said in a statement : "  I was with Tiger when the story broke . We were obviously not there , but if all the reports are accurate , it is regrettable . Really nothing more to say . " In several interviews after his dismissal , which brought to an end a 13-year working relationship , Williams let it be known that he was disappointed and shocked and also brought up Woods ' sex scandal . Interviewed after Scott 's Bridgestone victory , Williams called it the "  greatest week I 've had in my career . " Scott and Williams are at Sheshan , near Shanghai , to take part in the HSBC Champions golf tournament and the Australian was reportedly among the audience at the awards dinner . The row over Williams ' remarks has led to media speculation that the partnership may not last much longer . However , Scott told reporters that he would not be taking any action . "  Steve issued a statement and apologized , and he did the right thing . That 's all there is to say about that from my side of things , " said the 31-year-old , who was in third place at the Chinese tournament ahead of Sunday 's final round , three shots behind Swedish leader Fredrik Jacobson . "  It 's not an issue for me . I think everything in that room last night was all in good spirits and a bit of fun , and I think it probably got taken out of that room in the wrong context . "  Anything with Tiger involved is a story . I value Steve 's contribution to my game and while he 's caddying I hope he can caddy for me . "  There was a lot of language used last night and it 's just this was reported . I do n't really think that stuff has ever left the room before and it 's probably good reasons why . I think it 's probably all very unnecessary . " It is not the first time Williams has had to apologize for inappropriate remarks . Three years ago he made derogatory comments about Woods ' great rival Phil Mickelson at a charity event in New Zealand and was later forced to back down by his employer . Former U.S. Open champion Graeme McDowell told the UK Press Association that he did not believe Williams had intended to make a racial remark . "  The comments were surprising , yes . These are racially sensitive times , especially in sport . It 's unfortunate because it was a very sticky situation , " the Northern Irishman said . "  I do n't think Stevie Williams was trying to be racial . I do n't think it was a racial comment . I think he was trying to be funny and make a joke of it . "  It was an embarrassing situation that he was put in . He was up in front of his peers and colleagues and it came out wrong . " Scott shot three-under-par 69 in Saturday 's third round to be on 13-under 203 at the tournament , which offers more than $ 1.1 million to the winner and will have a big influence on who wins the European Tour money list . World No. 3 Rory McIlroy is seeking to overhaul top-ranked Luke Donald and prevent the Englishman from making history by topping both the U.S. and European money lists in the same year . The Northern Irishman shot 65 on Saturday to climb up to a tie for fourth with Lee Westwood -- four shots behind Jacobson , who carded 67 . Former world No. 1 Martin Kaymer , who is fourth in the Race To Dubai standings behind McIlroy and Charl Schwartzel , was tied for sixth with McDowell on 205 .	Steve Williams : "  I sincerely apologize to Tiger and anyone else I have offended " The New Zealander was sacked by Tiger Woods in July after 13 years together He now caddies for Australian golfer Adam Scott , who says he will not sack him Woods ' agent says Williams ' comments at awards dinner were "  regrettable "
Chicago  CNN  -- Protesters and police clashed outside the NATO summit in Chicago , where world leaders met to discuss the way forward in Afghanistan . Police hit protesters with batons as they pushed against a line of officers , video from CNN affiliate WLS showed . The clashes came toward the end of a day of peaceful protests . At least 45 people were arrested Sunday and four officers were taken to the hospital with injuries , said Chicago Police Superintendent Garry McCarthy . One officer had been stabbed in the leg , he said . "  They rallied . They charged the cops and they assaulted the officers , " McCarthy said . "  The finger should be pointed at the people who assaulted the cops . " Occupy Chicago , one of the groups that helped organize the demonstrations , similarly reported that some people were injured . "  The police have several demonstrators detained behind their lines , calling for medics . Bloodied protesters being dragged out of sight now , " the group wrote on its Twitter page earlier in the day . A city official , who was not authorized to talk to the media on police matters , told CNN that between 75-100 protesters had refused to leave the area after being told to disperse . They threw bottles and other objects at police , the official said . "  Quite frankly , I think it 's been an incredibly successful event in spite of some of these issues , " said McCarthy , who offered high praise for his officers . "  We 're not here to get battered . " He accused some protesters of splashing red paint on themselves to make it look like they had been wounded . The clashes took place just blocks from the NATO summit . Inside that meeting , U.S. President Barack Obama met with Afghan President Hamid Karzai and hosted other world leaders . He stressed that more work must be done before NATO troops pull out of Afghanistan . "  There will be great challenges ahead . The loss of life continues in Afghanistan . There will be hard days , " Obama said at the summit . "  But we are confident we are on the right track and  what  this NATO summit reflects is that the world is behind the strategy we 've laid out . Now it 's our task to implement it effectively and I believe we can do so in part because of the tremendous strength and resilience of the Afghan people . " Obama and other world leaders were expected to draw up a road map out of the war in Afghanistan . The summit comes at a key time for NATO countries , who are trying to figure out how to meet a 2014 deadline to withdraw from an unpopular war in Afghanistan while shoring up that nation 's security forces . "  There will be no rush for the exits . We will stay committed to our operations in Afghanistan and see it through to a successful end . Our goal , our strategy , our timetable remains unchanged , " NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said Sunday . "  Once the Afghans have full responsibility by the end of 2014 , our combat mission will come to an end . But we will not walk away , " he added later in the day . Also Sunday , NATO leaders inked a deal to acquire five unarmed drones as part of "  smart defense , " a term used to describe efforts to do more with less at a time when many nations ' defense budgets are being slashed , Rasmussen said . More than a dozen countries will help to buy the drones . "  NATO in itself is smart defense because it is about helping each other instead of re-nationalizing defense , " said the secretary general . Security was tight at the summit following Saturday 's arrest of three men , described by authorities as anarchists who plotted to attack Obama 's Chicago campaign headquarters and lob Molotov cocktails at police during the summit . Two other men , not believed to be part of the alleged plot , appeared in court Sunday to face charges from "  related investigations , " authorities said . Police insist there were no imminent threats to the leaders of more than 50 nations gathering at the summit . The leaders are expected to formally adopt a timetable to transition security from the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force to Afghan forces , senior administration officials told CNN . Why ordinary Afghans worry about NATO summit The officials , speaking on condition of anonymity as a matter of practice , said the plan will also lay out NATO 's training and advisory role after 2014 . A small contingent of British forces could remain after NATO forces leave in 2014 , a senior British official said . A senior U.S. official said the United Kingdom may keep some troops in Afghanistan post-2014 for counter-terrorism purposes . Both officials requested anonymity because they were not authorized to speak to the media . One of the key issues to be considered by the NATO leaders is who will pay for the buildup of Afghan forces as ISAF draws down its troops . Afghan security forces are expected to total 350,000 by 2015 , according to CNN National Security Analyst Peter Bergen . Afghan President Karzai , who is attending the summit along with Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari , can only afford to cover a fraction of the cost of building up his country 's forces . The cost of building up forces is expected to total roughly $ 4 billion annually by 2014 , Bergen said . Rasmussen said Sunday that he was optimistic that other countries will contribute . "  At the end of the day , it is less expensive to finance the Afghan security forces to do the combat than to deploy our own troops , " he told CNN 's "  State of the Union . " A user 's guide to the Chicago NATO summit As expected , France 's new president , Francois Hollande , announced the withdrawal of French combat troops from Afghanistan by year 's end . As part of ISAF , French trainers will remain . A Taliban spokesman said Sunday that Hollande 's declaration "  is a decision based on realities and a reflection of the opinion of  his  nation . " "  We call upon all the other NATO member countries to avoid working for the political interests of American officials and answer the call of your own people by immediately removing all your troops from Afghanistan , " Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid said in a statement , describing what he said was the "  savagery " of troops in Afghanistan . "  The invasion of Afghanistan by America and its allies under the banner of ` war of terror ' was an unjustified and tyrannical action which was only carried out for political and economical gains , " he said . Also at issue at the NATO summit is Islamabad 's continued blockade of much-needed NATO supplies shipped over Pakistani roads to Afghanistan . Pakistan closed the ground routes after a NATO airstrike in November killed two dozen of its soldiers . NATO insists the incident was an accident . The United States and Pakistan have not come to an agreement on the price of opening the supply lines , according to senior administration officials . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton met Sunday with Pakistani President Zardari to discuss the lines , reconciliation and Pakistani commitments to go after extremists , the officials said . Without a deal , officials said Obama would not meet with Zardari at the summit . The two were scheduled to hold trilateral talks with Karzai on political reconciliation in Afghanistan . Pakistan 's support in reaching a deal with the Taliban is seen as critical in ending the war in Afghanistan . U.S. Republican presidential frontrunner Mitt Romney was not at the summit , but he weighed in Sunday with an op-ed piece in the Chicago Tribune , arguing that many NATO countries have not contributed enough to the alliance . The Obama administration 's defense budget cuts have further fueled the problem , he said . "  The administration 's irresponsible defense cuts are clearing the way for our partners to do even less , " Romney wrote . "  An alliance not undergirded by military strength and U.S. leadership may soon become an alliance in name only . " CNN 's Jessica Yellin , Jim Spellman , Ted Rowlands , Paul Vercammon , Bill Kirkos , Katherine Wojtecki , Greg Morrison and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	NEW : The violence came toward the end of a day of peaceful protests NEW : Superintendent : "  We 're not here to get battered " Obama on Afghanistan : "  We are confident we are on the right track " NATO leaders ink a deal to acquire five drones
Editor 's note : On CNN 's "  State of the Union , " host and chief national correspondent John King goes outside the Beltway to report on issues affecting communities across the country . Pope McLean Jr. tells CNN 's John King that a lot of farms are hurting because of the global recession . LEXINGTON , Kentucky  CNN  -- Crestwood Farm is tucked into the rolling hillsides of Kentucky 's legendary bluegrass country . Kipling and Unbridled Energy are among the stallions critical to the reputation -- and the bottom line -- of the McLean family business . And just how do the stallions prove their value ? "  When their progeny does well on the race track , " Pope McLean Jr. said . "  Ca n't bluff that . That 's when they prove what they are worth . " Pope McLean Sr. got into the horse business in college and took over Crestwood Farm in 1970 . His son worked on the farm while growing up . After college he took a job in the financial sector , but in 1991 he returned to Crestwood . His brother Marc returned a few years later , and their younger sister Grandison joined after she graduated from college . "  It 's been pretty much a family business since that point , " Pope McLean Jr. said during a tour of the 1,000 acre property . Kentucky is to horse racing what Michigan is to the domestic auto industry . Racing and breeding thoroughbreds is a multibillion-dollar business in the state and the source of some 100,000 jobs . But "  The Sport of Kings " is hardly exempt from these painful economic times , and in fact is taking a severe blow in the global recession . "  It 's truly an international industry , so we have people , a lot of buyers , from Europe come in . And they have dialed back , " McLean said . "  Domestic buyers have dialed back their participation , as well . The good horses are still bringing decent money , but everyone has to lower their expectations . " At this year 's Keeneland September Yearling Sale , which McLean calls the horse industry 's version of the NBA draft , the gross was down more than 41 percent from last year , the largest year-to-year drop in the 66-year history of the auction . "  The prices are down , and our production costs increased with commodity prices going up and so forth , so it definitely puts a squeeze on commercial breeding operations , " McLean said . "  A lot of farms are hurting . And then you have the credit squeeze that has hurt a lot of farms , too . " McLean sees another lean year next year , and then hopes for a rebound because of an odd twist to the laws of supply and demand . In 2008 , when the stock market was plummeting , 30 percent fewer mares were bred , so the supply of horses available at auction the year after next will be smaller . "  I think people just decided to pull back , " McLean said . "  So the supply of horses available at auction will be reduced and that should start to help market conditions . " At Crestwood , McLean predicts an "  about even " year . "  We 're down at bit , " at the moment , he says . "  I feel pretty sure there will be quite a few farms that will go out of business . " Out of business is an all too common theme in Hazard , a coal country town in Eastern Kentucky 's Appalachia region about 120 miles away from Lexington and horse country . Statewide , the unemployment rate in Kentucky is 11.1 percent . Hazard is the county seat in Perry County , where the jobless rate has been on a steady climb and is 12.7 percent . On Main Street , a clothing and novelty store is closing down , along with an adjacent print and copying shop . Fallout , locals say , from the closing of a uniform plant that had employed more than 140 people , and then a Weyerhaeuser lumber facility that employed 180 . Joanne Caron knew there were problems when Weyerhaeuser canceled weekend shifts , "  but we did n't think it would be that drastic . " The bad news came suddenly in March when workers were told their jobs were being eliminated immediately . "  They called us in the conference room and said due to market conditions , you know , they had to shut us down . " Caron has been looking for work for seven months . Nothing . Her unemployment check is $ 746 every two weeks . She cashed in her Weyerhaeuser 401  k  and , despite the long-term risks , allows herself a small slice of that money every month , as well . "  My daughter likes to eat , and she likes clothes , " Caron said with a shrug . "  And we like heat and air conditioning . That 's the choices we have to make . " Her 19-year-old is enrolled at the local community college , where Joanne also plans to take classes in hopes of improving her job prospects . Two older daughters completed college over the past two years , one in Florida and other here in Kentucky , but neither has been able to find work . "  So everything I told them as they were growing up : go to college , get a degree so you can get a good job , it 's just not working out that way . " Caron tries to keep her spirits up , dryly joking that "  you get to see everybody during the day because nobody 's at work . " But the long search can be demoralizing . "  I worked all my life and now I 'm collecting an unemployment check . I feel real uncomfortable about that , but there 's no jobs available . " When Caron returned to the Weyerhaeuser plant for the first time , it made her feel sad . "  The last shift I worked was 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. Twelve hour shifts , " she said as she looked through the fence , chained and padlocked shut . "  Sad to see it like this , " Caron said . "  I made a lot of good friends working there . We had good times working in there . It was n't a glamorous job , but we had fun and we got along , and I miss seeing those people every day . "	Horse racing industry is the source of some 100,000 jobs in Kentucky Domestic and international buyers have dialed back participation , horse farmer says Unemployment rate in Kentucky is 11.1 percent Kentucky resident jokes , "  You get to see everybody ... because nobody 's at work "
Washington  CNN  -- The national battle over guns is headed to the states in a major way . Already groups supporting more gun restrictions have been active at the local level . And now for the first time in almost two decades , the National Rifle Association is attempting to coordinate the recall of a top state legislator over his role in the passage of new gun restrictions , CNN has learned . The focus of the NRA campaign is Colorado State Senate President John Morse . He is facing a petition drive to initiate an election to recall him because of legislation passed this year in Colorado requiring universal background checks on sales of all firearms in the state , as well as a ban on the sale of ammunition magazines greater than 15 rounds . Morse told CNN he knew that local gun groups were going after him , but did not know at the beginning the NRA was involved . "  It was a grassroots effort for a little while , but when that did n't take at all , it was clear they were getting money from outside . And I was n't the least bit surprised the NRA was behind it , " Morse said . In a mailer obtained by CNN , the NRA Political Victory fund wrote to a "  Second Amendment Supporter " in Colorado that "  your NRA is coordinating a recall effort with the Basic Freedom Defense Fund to put Senator Morse on the ballot for a special election and vote him out of office . " The NRA wrote that Morse "  led the charge to pass extreme and onerous anti-gun state legislation in Denver , " adding that "  responsible gun owners and sportsmen will be forever burdened by his misguided leadership in the Colorado Senate . " Morse said it was important to remember that Colorado was "  ground zero " for two of the nation 's worst mass shootings at Columbine High School in Littleton in 1999 and last July 's massacre at a movie theater in Aurora . "  We addressed -LSB- tighter gun regulations -RSB- this session , but this is what we get for that response , " said Morse . The NRA mailing suggests members sign a petition for a recall election . The drive has a June 3 deadline and 7,178 signatures are needed to mandate a recall ballot . With gun control efforts stalled in Washington following the failure of a proposal in the Senate to expand background checks , the move in Colorado suggests that the fight is now turning to the states . Some political observers suggest that these local battles over gun laws could end up gaining the type of attention , fundraising and ferocity that marked the failed 2012 recall election of GOP Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker . Such scenarios could pit national groups like the NRA against advocates like Mayors Against Illegal Guns led by New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg just as corporate interests , such as the Koch brothers , squared off in Wisconsin against national labor unions . Christy Le Lait , the campaign manager for Morse , tells CNN that the "  NRA is investing in these recall races to send a message to every other local official to not pass any other gun safety measures or else the NRA will come after you as well . " The NRA would not comment publicly , deferring to local Colorado gun activists involved in the petition drive . The NRA was involved in fending off the recall of Walker , though that was not a fight about gun laws . It also was involved in the successful recall of California Gov. Gray Davis , though that too was not a fight about guns . In 1994 , the NRA led an effort to recall Democratic California state Sen. David Roberti , who had pushed a law to ban some types of semiautomatic assault rifles in that state , though that effort was unsuccessful .	FIRST ON CNN : NRA state focus follows Senate rejection of tougher gun control proposal Groups supporting more gun restrictions active on local level Colorado Senate president faces petition drive NEW : Legislator says key to understand that Colorado was "  ground zero " for two tragedies
New Delhi  CNN  -- In a New Delhi neighborhood , residents line up in the blistering 45 degree Celsius heat  113 Fahrenheit  carrying empty jerry cans and water bottles , waiting for the government water tanker truck to arrive . ` We only get water once a week and each time we have to fight for it , " one woman yells . There are no laid pipelines in unplanned areas like this , so tanker trucks are their only source of water . With the truck arrives chaos . Some climb to the top of the tanker truck , reaching out for the pipes . Others jostle and argue below , trying to collect every drop . Minor scuffles ensue . Many have been waiting for hours for their weekly supply and they are visibly angry . Every household in this neighborhood is allowed only four jerry cans each . "  With so little water , we do n't know if we should drink it , cook with it , or bathe with it , " one woman says . Water shortages are a perennial problem in much of India , but this summer the country 's newly elected government is facing extra heat over water . Some 150 million Indians have no access to clean water , according to government data . Finding a long term solution will take time , but for now the Delhi government has finalized plans to set up 500 "  water ATMs " across the city . The tall cylindrical concrete structures hold solar powered machines that look and function like an ATM . Instead of cash , they dispense water . The innovative idea was initiated by an Indian social enterprise called Sarvajal -- meaning water for all . Since the pilot project was launched in late 2013 , Sarvajal has installed 15 water ATM 's in a New Delhi re-settlement colony called Sarva Ghera . For one cent , one can draw up to four liters of water . That 's cheap even by Indian standards . Though response has been slow , the thousand odd families who use the services say it has made a significant difference to their lives . "  There 's no more tension now , " says Bhagwati , a Sarva Ghera resident . "  Now we can get water whenever we feel like it . " Before these so-called water ATM 's , she too had to wake up every morning worrying about where to find water . Her whole day revolved around the water tanker truck 's schedule . Now with her rechargeable smartcard , Bhagwati can access clean drinking water 24/7 . Ground water is purified at localized plants , and distributed through these solar powered ATMs . Sarvajal 's project manager Amit Mishra says incidents of water-borne diseases have decreased in this neighborhood since the project was launched . But India 's poor have yet to realize that paying for clean water can save much more in health care costs later . The biggest challenge is that everyone expects everything for free , Mishra said . Mishra and his team have held countless meetings with the community to make them understand the difference in water quality and why clean water is worth paying for . The change in mindset may take some time , but this simple but high tech idea may be the solution in a country with ever increasing thirst for clean water . Read more : This machine makes drinking water from thin air Read more : Once a rising star , chef now feeds hungry	Some 150 million Indians have no access to clean water , according to government data Authorities are trying to make communities understand the importance of water quality The Delhi government is setting up "  water ATMs " to combat the shortages
CNN  -- The economy and global affairs will undoubtedly play key roles in the 2012 election , but many voters may also be watching for candidates ' stances on more personal issues . CNN posed questions about several hot-button topics related to social issues , and Facebook users responded enthusiastically ; some even got into feisty commenting debates . Health care , immigration and same-sex marriage were three of the most popular topics . The readers shared their thoughts via the I 'm Voting app , which asks potential voters how the president should handle key issues . This project , in partnership with Facebook , aims to increase voter engagement ahead of the 2012 presidential election . Click through the gallery for a look at respondents ' views , broken down by demographics gleaned from Facebook profiles . Party and age divisions showed more variation than in last week 's look at foreign policy views . But when looking at gender groups , as in frame 2 , the pie slices stayed remarkably consistent . 1 . Health care Question : Should Americans be required to have health insurance ? Terence Madison : "  A heath care system that 's for profit is BS . They are not there for you . It 's about the board of directors and rather it 's making money . To me , that 's a dangerous system . If it were n't for the fact that federal law says that they must take you , only the rich would live long full lives . And it 's that way now . Just not to the extreme it would be without that law . Health care should not be for money . It should be for the people . " Patrick Frankovich : "  Doctors would n't go to college if it were n't to earn a good living . Forced insurance is bull . If Obamacare is such a great thing , why are Congress and the president not covered by it ? " 2 . Immigration Question : Should states be able to enact tougher immigration laws than the federal government ? Glenn Dickey : "  if the federal government wo n't enforce the existing laws , why not let the states control their own borders ? After all , it is costing the states way too much to continue supporting undocumented immigrants and their families . " Maritza Cristina Nunez : "  We seem to forget our history and keep making the same mistake over and over again . During World War II , we sent hundreds of Japanese-Americans to concentration camps ! Now we are doing the same to the undocumented immigrants , mainly the Latinos . I do n't hear as much about the European Illegals . These undocumented aliens are the ones that make it possible for you and me to eat our vegetables . They do the jobs that we American deem beneath us . So please , instead of focusing on illegal immigrants , why do n't we focus on repairing our economy ? Let 's put our priorities in order and remember that the immigrants were the ones that made this country great ! " 3 . Same-sex marriage Question : Should same-sex couples be able to marry ? Eric Maisel-Smithey : "  Same-sex  couples  should be able to marry and get the same rights as everyone else , regardless of what state you live in , period . It does not matter what goes on in anyone 's bedroom but your own . " Norman Copeland : "  Sorry , I do n't care for the term same-sex marriage . As a Christian , I believe marriage is between a man and a woman . That is the definition of marriage to me . I do believe that those so inclined should have a right to a civil union or partnership , whatever , but that is not a marriage . I have gay friends and family members that I love very much , but I just ca n't go there . Let them sign a contract or whatever and have the rights to health care and insurance , or to a divorce like the rest of us , LOL . Just leave marriage alone ! " Other questions posed on the app were about gun control , gun laws and abortion . Each of these questions received numerous comments . It 's important to note that -- unlike in scientific polls -- anyone from the online audience could respond . A relatively large percentage of respondents in the Facebook surveys identified themselves as Democrats . The breakdown  as of Wednesday  was 54 % Democratic , 21 % Republican and 25 % independent . Compare those numbers with a 2008 national exit poll showing 39 % Democratic , 32 % Republican and 29 % independent . In 2010 , the breakdown was 35 % Democratic , 35 % Republican and 29 % independent . There are still plenty of questions waiting to be asked , so readers are encouraged to participate . Here 's how it works : Users first declare their intention to vote and then answer a series of multiple-choice questions . They then can share their answers or compare responses with other Facebook users . Be sure to visit the app , where we 'll be posting new questions through Election Day . Will social issues affect the way you vote ? Which ones are most important to you ? Tell us by posting a comment below .	CNN posed questions for readers via a Facebook app Click through the gallery to see responses to questions about social issues New questions will be posted on the app through Election Day
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- Chinese workers and army soldiers were racing to sweep snow-covered highways and unclog railway routes for millions of travelers trapped by cold weather . Souzhou , China , is blanketed by the most snow the city has had in 25 years , according to I-Reporter Susan Arthur . More than 67 million people have been affected by the weather and economic losses are expected to reach as much as $ 3 billion , Chinese officials say . Blizzards have snapped power lines and destroyed houses and farmland , prompting fears of food and energy shortages . Twenty-four people have died and some 827,000 people have been evacuated in 14 different provinces , the Ministry of Civil Affairs said Monday . In the past week , the snowstorms have hit the provinces in central , eastern and southern China -- places that are used to mild winters , not extreme wintry blasts . "  We 've never seen such a cold weather lasting for such long a time , " said Tang Shan , a man in his 70s in Changsha , the capital of Hunan province . "  The last time we had one here was over 50 years ago , and not this bad . " The snow and sleet have paralyzed roads , railways and airports , leaving tens of millions of travelers marooned , officials say . Many of them are bound for home ahead of the traditional Lunar New Year , also known as the Spring Festival , which falls on February 7 . Watch how the snowstorms have resulted in transit chaos " For several days before and after that day , an estimated 178 million Chinese will travel by train , and 22 million more by plane , officials say . Millions more will take long-haul vans and buses . The Lunar New Year travel is China 's busiest travel period of the year . But the cold snap is hampering travel plans . Railway and highway routes have been brought to a standstill , several regional airports have been closed and many provinces have imposed power "  brownouts " to conserve energy . On Hunan 's major highways , more than 60,000 bus riders were stranded because of icy roads . In the southern city of Guangzhou , as many as 500,000 train passengers were stranded the past few days when a power failure in neighboring Hunan province crippled the regular train services , local officials said . About 100,000 passengers packed the square in front of the train station while others found shelter in schools and other public buildings while waiting for their trains . Watch travelers packed shoulder to shoulder " Even the local stock market seems affected by the nasty weather . The Shanghai composite index dropped by more than 7 percent on Monday , dragged in part by investors ' concerns over the damage caused by the foul winter weather . Worst hit were transport and power stocks . Chinese premier Wen Jiabao has ordered urgent measures to unclog the transport jam and ensure a steady supply of food and energy . "  Let us mobilize urgently and work as one to wage this tough battle against the disaster , " he said in an emergency meeting . "  Let 's ensure that the people enjoy a joyful and auspicious Spring Festival . " But more miserable weather is expected . China 's weather bureau Monday issued a rare "  red alert , " warning of more severe snowstorms in the coming days . If so , the number of stranded travelers will surely swell . Tang Shan , the retired official in Hunan , is staying put instead of joining the holiday exodus . Even so , he finds the frigid weather a big nuisance . "  Hospitals now treat children who caught colds and old people who sprained bones after slipping and falling , " he says . "  Even just walking in the icy street is perilous . " E-mail to a friend	NEW : Chinese officials say as many as 67 million people affected by weather Heavy snowfalls put the nation into lockdown ahead of busiest travel week There have been 24 deaths and 827,000 evacuations Up to 500,000 stranded at a train station
CNN  -- It 's a landmark that most players can only dream of , but for Lionel Messi it was just a matter of time . In a career already groaning under the weight of milestones , Messi duly passed another one on Saturday scoring his 400th goal for club and country as Barcelona smashed six unanswered goals past Granada at the Nou Camp . The landmark strike came in the 61st minute of the match -- heading in Dani Alves ' volleyed cross -- to put Barca 4-0 up after a goal from Ivan Rakitic and two from Neymar had all but wrapped up three points before the break . Neymar completed his hat-trick in the 66th minute before Messi tucked away his 401st career goal late on to complete the rout and seal Barca 's biggest win in La Liga this season . Messi , still only 27 years old , has now scored 359 goals in competitive matches for Barcelona and 42 for Argentina . "  I never imagined I could achieve anything like this in my career , " Messi said on his official Facebook page . "  Thanks for all the congratulations on scoring 400 goals with FC Barcelona and the Argentinian National Team . I 'll continue working hard to reach more targets , " he added . ` Magic wand ' Barca manager Luis Enrique was quick to heap praise on his midfield maestro . "  I do n't think if we added together the goals we have scored on the playground it would reach 400 , " Enrique said after the match . "  Messi is someone who has been touched by a magic wand and he is desperate to enjoy playing football . " The four-ton mark was passed by his La Liga rival Cristiano Ronaldo last January , but the Argentine has bragging rights after reaching the total in just 525 appearances compared to the Portuguese who took 653 games . As one landmark is reached another substantial record heaves into view as Messi looks to pass Telmo Zarra 's all-time La Liga goal-scoring record of 251 . Barcelona 's win puts them top of the table with 16 points and a very healthy +17 goal difference -- a stat helped not only by recent high-scoring wins but also by clean sheets in their opening six league games . Two points behind are last year 's champions Atletico Madrid who also romped to victory on Saturday . Diego Simeone returned to the dugout following a touchline ban to see his team maintain their unbeaten start to the La Liga season with a 4-0 win against Sevilla . First-half goals from Koke and Saul Niguez put Los Rojiblancos in control before two late second-half goals sealed all three points -- a Raul Garcia spot kick made it three in the 82nd minute before Raul Jimenez made it four in the last minute of normal time . The win keeps lifts Atletico to second , one point ahead of Valencia who travel to Real Sociedad on Sunday . City rivals Real continued their recent run of form with a 2-0 win at Villarreal -- Luka Modric and Ronaldo on target for the visitors . Carlo Ancelotti 's side are now level on 12 points with Celta Vigo who beat Elche 1-0 on Friday . Chelsea march on in EPL Meanwhile in the English Premier League , Chelsea continue to dominate proceedings this term , picking up a fifth win in six matches with a 3-0 defeat of Aston Villa at Stamford Bridge . Diego Costa 's Â # 32 million  $ 52 million  price tag is looking increasingly cheap as the Spanish striker netted for the eighth time since joining from Atletico Madrid in the summer . Costa 's 59th minute strike gave Chelsea a two-goal cushion after Oscar had opened the scoring in the seventh minute . Willian scored a third 11 minutes from time to ensure Jose Mourinho 's side remain three points clear at the top of the table with 16 points . Former Chelsea man Frank Lampard was on target again for his new club as Manchester City beat Hull City 4-2 . The win keeps Manuel Pellegrini 's side five points adrift of the top . Manchester United also won on Saturday beating West Ham 2-1 at Old Trafford to move up to eighth in the table . Goals from Wayne Rooney and Robin van Persie gave Louis van Gaal 's side only their second league win of the season . Rooney was later shown a red card for a reckless tackle on Stewart Downing and will miss the next three league matches . The day 's two big derby matches ended in 1-1 draws with Liverpool and Everton sharing the points at Anfield while Arsenal had to come from behind against Tottenham Hotspur at the Emirates .	Lionel Messi scores twice to pass 400 goals for club and country during career Argentine has taken 525 matches to reach the personal milestone Goals come in 6-0 thrashing as Barca continue run of clean sheets Chelsea continue ominous form in EPL with fifth win in six matches
CNN  -- Three New Jersey teenagers were charged Wednesday with assault and robbery in what authorities described as the bullying of a 15-year-old high school freshman who committed suicide after he was attacked in March . Notably , New Jersey 's aggressive anti-bullying law was signed by Gov. Chis Christie on March 26 , just two days before Morristown High School freshman Lennon Baldwin took his own life at his home . Prosecutors cited the new law Wednesday in announcing charges stemming from an assault on Baldwin on March 6 and the robbery of Baldwin three days later . "  It is the toughest law on bullying in the nation , " Morris County , New Jersey , Prosecutor Robert Bianchi stated . "  This case again underscores our need as a society to eradicate the bullying of our youth , as regrettable consequences such as this case , are far too numerous to be anywhere near acceptable . " Morris County prosecutors charged two juveniles and an adult , 19-year-old Michael Conway , with assault , robbery , theft and making terroristic threats against Baldwin . According to a news release from the Morris County prosecutor 's office , Baldwin was assaulted at his high school , and the incident was caught on surveillance video . When school officials suspended his alleged assailant , the teenager "  made numerous attempts to contact Mr. Baldwin for the purpose of instructing him to go to the school administration and tell them that the incident  assault  was ... a joke , " prosecutors said . Baldwin did just that , according to the news release , but a suspension against the alleged assailant remained in effect . Prosecutors said Baldwin was accosted three days later in a parking lot by the first student and two more individuals who robbed and threatened him . Nearly three weeks later , Baldwin "  tragically took his own life , " prosecutors said in their release . In addition to other charges , Conway also has been charged with lying to police . He is free on $ 1,500 bail . The two juveniles have been released from detention facilities and remain under house arrest . It could not immediately be determined whether the defendants have retained attorneys , or when the case will go to court .	New Jersey Gov. Christie signed a tough new anti-bullying law on March 26 Two days later , high school freshman Lennon Baldwin took his own life Authorities say Baldwin had been the victim of an assault and had been threatened On Wednesday , three teenagers were charged in the case
